took covid precautions seriously . quick and efficient installation . very happy with the look and function of the product .
who yelps dunkin donuts ? who reads yelp reviews for dunkin donuts ?
sat outside and had a great time . morgan was very nice . manager helped out and greeted us throughout the visit .
awesome burger and ice cold brew . front lounge is great for people watching . good beats and live tv sports !
good bagels but not nyc quality . surly service .
super amazing beer and food . they also have fun games . nice place to hangout !
best pho i've had ! the broth is amazing and the family that runs the place is super nice !
just like the name says tasty ! and they're one of only a few places here that serve potatoes bravas .
the best place every ! great food and great atmosphere ! staff friendly i promise you will not be disappointed
good hair products , fantastic gonuts smoothies , turmeric tea , essential oils , other health products . friendly , knowledgeable front counter people .
good smokey bbq yummy southern desserts . the banana pudding is insane .
bangers has an incredible selection of beer and their brats are on point ! new favorite spot in austin !
food was tasty , we ordered it to go and was exactly what i asked for . can't beat that .
awesome food and service ! best place to go on a date for special occasion . will definitely come back !
great place . friendly staff , great atmosphere . good music and the bartenders make you feel right at home . five stars !
very recommended ! excellent location , great price and friendly personnel .
hefty price at a haircut but consistent quality and employees who legitimately enjoy their job more than compensates .
great for brunch on weekends . get the eggs benedict with fresh fruit , to die for .
great customer service and great food . this location is better than the other one in lake mary .
awesome place to run . i highly recommend running the back grass trail . scenic and private .
the goto place for a great pho lunch . fassst , clean , inviting and easy parking on the street . thumbs up !
the uno supreme is awesome ! they are always fast and delicious . i little pricey but worth it .
great selection , super nice and knowledgeable staff , and awesome events . it's always a joy to walk in there .
i experienced plenty of parking . quick seating . friendly service . loved the artichoke dip and california chicken sandwich . pleasurable experience . thanks .
i love pizza ! they are also very accommodating , they have a whole slew of vegan options .
scott really knows his bike stuff . extremely knowledgeable customer friendly .
fast , friendly service ! kids' menu finally ! is well priced . bring back your mighty fine or rudy's cup for refill .
great locally grown spot . amazing noodles and bomb salads . dessert is a lil pricey but good . overall great place
very authentic in awesome mexican food here . i have tried the quesadillas fritas and the tacos de
great service and great dessert . the ube trio is so good . would totally recommend the ube trio
love the soups , but it's definitely time for a renovation inside . great value for your money .
amazing bubble tea smoothies ! the honeydew melon is on poin !
thank you for continuing to serve the community during these pressing times . highlight of my week .
there always nice and friendly workers ! it's a great place to come if you need things !
oh my goodness this place is soooo gooood ! seriously working my way through the menu . the shrimp grits are incredible
it looks pretty when it is all lit up . good to know where all my olympic taxes went to .
outstanding restaurant fantastic food ! highly recommend if you are looking for some good bbq in austin !
i cant believe how good the lobster rolls are here !
had a great mochi dessert last night ! pastry chef quite creative .
lovely experience . nice staff and highly competent dental treatment . i strongly recommend .
they have a good variety on beer , good wine selection and low prices . friendly staff as well . convenient location .
went to de dutch today ! was delish . fruit was fresh great service good sourdough toast . love it
amazing place . if you love spirits . this is the place for you ! get there early and be ready to stand in line !
want to taste the best taco you have ever had in your entire life ? ham , egg , and cheese . enough said .
the potatoes wedges are sooo delicious . it comes with so much food . fried chicken was defonetly crispy .
best tacos in the city . always fresh and hot . el pastor are fantastic . look no further than tacos fogoncito .
this is my go to for street tacos . great flavor great price and fresh margaritas . it's a win all around
god , how many times have i made the am dash to wally's back in the day .
best pho restaurant in portland ! and trust me i have tried almost all of them i highly recommend this place !
amazing ! had the spicy perro and empanadas and they were great ! definitely coming back .
awesome hole in the wall diner . i had the french toast and it was pretty good . great homey , local vibe
i don't like waiting in line . in fact , i'm vigorously opposed to it . salt straw is my exception .
been coming here for years and can't get enough of it . lobster , crab , scallops , oysters . everything .
i spent about hours here and did not even get through the children's section . overwhelming in an amazing way !
lou williams approved ! great place to pick up food !
the service was fantastic at jordan's furniture in reading .
amazing consistent and delicious . plus the people that work there are always very helpful !
great hotel and customer service . very clean and just a minute walk to richmond night market .
good food at regular diner prices . pleasantly surprised by the open , clean , and chic atmosphere
came in here minutes before closing . expensive but not bad coffee . nice service . ordered a mocha .
quality , short and sweet ! newley opened inside a european bakery , cappuccino and poppy seed roll will make your day .
the tongue sandwich will leave you speechless . its a must try !
my food was delicious , the guacamole is amazing and the staff was extremely friendly and attentive . will definitely go back !
good food , fast service in the dine in theater . bistro mac and cheese was very good .
great sushi . a bit over priced but definitely the best for that area
went there for dinner and had great service . the margarita pizza was cooked perfectly . will definitely be going back soon .
excellent family style chinese food for a great price and the service is always incredibly quick .
one of my favorite places in lake nona , great food great service . the ribs are amazing
lunch for dollars corn bean salad with avo , simple , yum , and cheap . haiku review
quick to reply , efficient , fair pricing . will use reglaze for my other projects . thank you
visiting from out of town . if i lived here , this would be my hangout bar . lovely staff with exceptional service .
best fried green tomatoes ever ! friendly staff and owner . great atmosphere , food and drinks . i would highly recommend it .
amazing best place ! great food , great service ! awesome ambiance . first time here and i will for sure make it back !
chili cheese slaw dog is superb and gotta love the drive in sit and dine
i ordered their malibu cupcakes for a hawaiian themed baby shower and they stole the show ! absolutely beautiful and delicious .
went there after they open , good food for a burger joint ! have been back several times . better than guys .
wonderful meal ! we had the course meal and it was so good ! the steamed clams were great too !
breakfast is really good . and it's a really chill environment . always a good crowd . i recommend brunch .
personally , i love this restaurant . it's reasonably priced , well prepared and moderately healthy , with lots of vegetarian options .
highly recommended place ! i'm a big fan of italian food ! everything was delicious ! good prices
good place for a vegan to grab a quick and cheap bit to eat . has locations all around town .
their gateau marisa is the tastiest cake you'll ever have . also love their oatmeal muffins .
fun place . a different take on pizza for people who don't take pizza too seriously . good value .
one of the very few that actually replied with quote in good time . thank you !
amazing service . technician was very knowledgable , professional and nice ! have used them for years and will continue to do so .
outstanding service and great food . strongly recommend . my picky kids even love it !
super clean , updated with modern decor and quiet ! highly recommend if you're in the lake mary area !
yesenya was amazing . she put together a whole gift order and card for me . great place ! great people . highly recommend .
the salmon sushi pizza is a must . go here for amazingly delicious sushi for a low price .
had a great salad with wonderful roasted veggies including tiny asparagus . duck confit was so good also !
went late on friday night . restaurant was crowded loud but service was great , food was fantastic !
a lovely green space in the heart of the city . especially delightful in summer . check their website for events .
incredible flavors , i recommend the chef's choice menu aka the magic carpet . we will be back !
this place is wonderful ! their burritos are amazing amd i'm so excited to try everything else !
if you have a sweet tooth , don't miss this place ! their strawberry cream cheese donut is top notch !
went to this place on a visit to austin . great food , fun atmosphere . and awesome drinks .
food was pretty good , portions were generous , and service was quick ! inventive drink specials .
excellent service , busy bar and the bartender makes a good drink . can't beat buck a shuck .
delicious great service live music . something on the menu for the whole family . fun evening !
carlos is very prompt and responds quickly . he replaced broken iphone screen with in minutes and at reasonable price .
great selection , great prices , good service . not fancy , but everything you would want at great prices . clean , organized . a go to .
the turkey club was perfect . fries very good but just a little thick for my liking . service good . prices reasonable .
update i think the claw machine is gone . today the world is a little sadder . that is all .
the sunoco station does not have a car wash . that is the marathon gas station next door to the sunoco .
outstanding flavours , reminds me of home . fairly priced . good service . shame no alcohol .
i completely agree with liz r . the place is beautiful , lots of goodies for the kiddies but they are pricey .
great place for indian takeout . karahi chicken is so addictive and their naans are nice and thin .
very friendly and knowledgeable staff . they did great work and it was less expensive than i thought it would be .
dear tempeh soyrizo burrito . you win . love , lisa
nice laid back atmosphere with all of the fun quirks you expect from a mcmenamins . will definitely go back .
delicious waffles and frites , and such wonderful customer service ! this is as good as it gets .
pizza was delicious , the staff was friendly , the prices were right especially the daily specials on the wall .
comes through in a pinch for anyone craving nyc shwarma with red and white sauce over rice .
such a good breakfast for a reasonable price . never can finish a meal here so i strongly suggest splitting !
great bartenders and staff . great place fore adults to unwind as well . love this place and half price games wednesdays
i love this place ! the bartender christina makes amazing drinks ! this place was so fun . oversized jenga was so fun !
the chopped brisket sliders are like buttah ! it's almost hard to believe that food this good exist within an airport !
it has great set lunches and dinners for great price try the popcorn chicken ! chinese style
nice looking cation ! staff is amazing , knowledgeable and courteous ! food is over the top great ! will repeat
great customer service amazing food and decent prices definitely a must try type of place
benny showed exceptional service , her professionalism alone made me and my friends want to come back .
fantastic prices , fresh produce , nice clean store . perfect .
awesome customer service with great food . i had the go turkey everything . it was the business .
very authentic korean restaurant ! the seafood pancake is super delicious ! also they have lunch special on weekdays , worth to try !
fast , friendly service with the food you would expect from noodles company .
great breakfast , atmosphere and service . skip the bob evans up the street and come here .
great boutique , great choice of handmade jewelry of all colors and shapes ! very friendly and helpful owner !
awesome fun . great food . i have lived in orlando years now and wish i would have came here sooner .
barbara is awesome , she so nice always and does an amazing job .
great pancakes ! random spot but old school dinner food is fantastic ! staff is friendly and the food is yummy !
nice patio . great happy hour and yummy pina coladas !
great pizza , never been disappointed yet . my only complaint is the the prices are high .
clean , great location . rooms are small . bathroom with full tub but not much sink space .
birthday trip for my daughter to orlando . found this place on google and decided to go . food was delicious .
love claudia ! i had botox to treat hyperhydrosis . she was awesome ! quick and painless relatively . can't recommend her enough !
great food . reasonable prices . close by . tough to beat .
good chinese style food . host is very kind . food is spicy and perfect . the drink host recommended is very good
extremely friendly and helpful ! not only free delivery , free removal of old mattress .
i had a terrific experience here ! very friendly people and doctors , and i didn't wait long at all .
unbelievably good , not just the food but the warmest hospitality . you cannot find a better dining experience anywhere !
amazing coffee . get haute latte has honey and cinnamon ! so creamy and rich and delicious . doesn't even need sugar .
miso chicken glaze was amazing super fresh . the house salad was delicious with corn bread tasting croutons yummy .
five star food and environment ! love this place they have the best snow crab legs in austin ! unbeatable prices too !
i enjoy this campus a lot . they have good music programs here and the campus is nice .
great food and did not disappoint . brunch with my son . downloaded rewards app and got free dessert .
once you enter janie's world you won't want to leave !
love this place ! the service is always fantastic as well as the great food ! salads are yummy !
was yummy for a reasonable price ! definitely going to try the french toast next time though .
always great . love the big booths you can relax in
found this spot randomly walking around portland , good food , good service , and friendly staff . highly recommended .
cute little mom n pop shop with a nice selection of sandwiches and italian dishes . try the cannoli , you won't be disappointed .
unique balling . i would recommend this to all shapes and sizes . don't for get to look for the hidden puzzles .
pasta jays's was perfect ! the housemade manicotti was super yummy and i thought about it all weekend !
coffee is great , pastries are delicious , and staff is extremely friendly . can't recommend enough
great prices and service and the decor is great . wonderful atmosphere . and the food is yum
great place for a latte or pastry . nice ambience inside or on outside street cafe .
great food and great service , very friendly staff . wonderful selection of bagels and sandwiches .
great great great new place ! i love their creative menu , the freshly baked goods . hopefully tbey'll extend their hours .
the food is delicious every time . they're open late . nice atmosphere and music . decent prices . be careful , it's addictive !
just got a haircut from natalia . she asked how i wanted my haircut and did an awesome job following through .
cute cafe to grab a quick bite with friends family ! nice atmosphere and service . definitely would recommend .
great atmosphere and a perfect location . i enjoyed the spicy italian bolognese with fresh farfeli pasta yum !
best ramen in town . absolutely delicious and so quick i thought they were giving us someone else's order
perfect place to study with lots of drink options , snacks , and lots of cozy seating areas !
hands down the best viet food in town ! now they have a downtown location for to go orders !
our waitress samantha was fantastic . we absolutely love the food and margaritas here !
every thing was fine . it was clean , up to date , and the service was nice . it was just kinda overpriced .
loved our fluffy eggwiches ! liked that we could build our own and their use of fresh ingredients .
the best food ! is a must go to . try the swordfish or the lasagna and you will be hooked !
freakin amazing brisket ! reasonable cost and super atmosphere . highly recommend for fast , casual and just easy delicious meal .
pruebe el churrasco con tallarines verdes , la chicha morada y el ceviche lo mas cercano a peru recomendado
it's my favorite place for crapes in austin ! and very convenient for living downtown !
immaculate eating area , awesome staff , fresh ingredients , delicious meal . will definitely be going back .
absolutely un f cking real . the bar seating here is unparalleled in columbus . food , drinks , service . all stars .
i loved their beer spaceship and their food squash pie delish ! . great taproom atmosphere
fresh carrot juice . yummy vegan country breakfast with almond gravy . de lish ! . nice servers . it was good good good .
delicious . had the chicken gyro . nice people . fussy husband finished his plate of lamb skewers .
some off the best ribs in austin ! great atmosphere and a great place to watch sports !
ordered take out lunch from sage today . had the best sirloin , delicious mashed potatoes with smokey mushroom gravy , with broccoli !
the steak tips were perfect fries awesome . my wife got the short ribs and potatoes , she loved her meal also .
love the fiesty greek . amazing food and amazing staff . best greek food around . love the greek salad and the gyros
excellent authentic mexican food and great drinks . chicharon app was great . wife has three tacos . i had tres amigos .
always good bbq , etc . tight quarters , arrive early ish !
the food are tasty as usual , my favorite is crispy octopus ball highly recommended !
they helped me out with an old and unfixable imac . i wouldn't hesitate to recommend them .
space mountain ! the world of tomorrow . !
great new breakfast spot in peabody . very reasonable prices with large portions and fast service . family owned and operated .
love it ! wonderful food and service ! the staffs can read minds and always get you things before asking !
awesome service . one of the best steaks that i have had .
i've been here three times and it's always so easy and everyone that works there is really friendly .
this has become our regular dinner spot ! the curry is amazing ! the staff is always friendly !
food and service is amazing . fun atmosphere . shout out to debbie best waitress in all the land !
surpringly good burgers . love the toppings table .
about to grub down with some grub quite crowded for a friday night but everyone is just enjoying their food .
delicious and great traditional food highly recommend good crispy tofu and sushi . affordable
sit with dave while you can . with his service , he'll be running the place soon . absolutely amazing .
they replaced my tire while my toddler played w legos and ate snacks . good experience .
massage was wonderful and really helped my lower back pain . just wish it was located closer to me .
the best reasonably priced burgers and hot dogs in central square . good fries too . and fast .
we love this place ! ryans inferno an absolute favorite !
good food and friendly staff . always a great meal . very welcoming . restaurant is very clean . we love their bbq .
great place on a chilly grey day . nice folks , good food , great oj and coffee . patient and kind people .
i go for the oatmeal jumble cookie . it really is awesome .
a great slice of pie with a friendly owner . i highly recommend the pizza with potato on it . trust me .
seriously amazing service and super fresh sea urchin . what a great evening we had !
a must try ! delicious food all around . their sides rock too the slaw and pinto beans
great location amazing food and friendly staff . the food was freshly made get the double shot !
this place was everything that i read about on the rest of these reviews . great place , i recommend !
super friendly , approachable , and knowledgeable staff . quick service and well priced too !
very authentic , reasonably priced nice to have it in uwajimaya too .
great home town classic america pizza . huge slices , good toppings and good personable service . the garlic knots are delicious !
the service is excellent . staff is friendly and helpful . it saved me hundreds of dollars ! thank you !
great relaxing and quiet place ! . dog friendly ! patio . good food ! good mimosa ! great services !
same great food as their acropolis entity on n high st , but offers a more personable staff . highly recommend !
delicious food ! very nice people ! safe during covid ! love their momos ! and they even serve goat meat , how cool !
great hotel ! very clean and very friendly staff . it's convenient to the cruise port .
very honest and quick service . highly recommend cool kings for any ac needs you might have .
hands down my favorite theater in portland . you cant beat for premium reclining seats .
good home made chinese frozen dumplings in varieties and other chinese frozen snack foods .
yum . amazing cajun tots yes as in tator tots revamped . delicious three cheese grilled cheese . seriously , to die for .
my favourite pho place in the area ! such lovely service . best salad rolls . and really fresh flavourful pho broth .
this is the most delicious food i've ever had and celia's is my new favorite restaurant !
love the coffee here ! their hazelnut coffee is the best i've had so far , anywhere .
a haiku review sweet portlandia i bow before you , humbled do not stab me please
simple , awesome , authentic mexican food . best i've had north of san diego .
i ain't even eaten at this one yet but every raising cane's is friggin delicious don't me
we loved the tacos , quesadillas and vanilla milkshake . this was an affordable choice and great flavors . great service too .
been here twice now . service can be a little slow , but food is very solid . good beef and pork dishes .
it was great ! no complaints at all ! huge servings and tasty ! the price was decent too .
omg . just amazing . this pizza is the best ! the ingredients are fresh and it's way better than any pizza chain .
this place is amazing ! best pizza around and super friendly staff ! highly recommend !
wow , this was probably the most delicious chicken sandwich i've had . big enough to share with someone .
todd's team did a great job of our fence work . very easy to work with and great quality !
a perfect neighborhood restaurant ! good prices , good portions , and good food ! definitely coming back here again . so cozy and cute !
excellent food , and strong drinks . live nearby and probably go there times per month .
amazing ! steak and cheese as scrumptious as always ! and it came piping hot . worth the hour wait !
consistently excellent single origin espressos , sustainable filter coffees and people . these guys are true experts in boulder .
took our teen girls and they loved it . gold rush was awesome . jordan was a great guide !
decent burger , good amount of fries , but very similar to five guys , and a lot pricier than it .
first time here . had the garvey burger and a vanilla shake . both were delicious . will come here again !
food was just as good as the locals' having good ole conversations . friendly staff , love the military walls of remembrances .
delicious pizza . worth waiting for a table . vesuvio is the perfect pick if you like spicy food .
the clam chowder was good but not spectacular . service was good and location is great . get the crab dip .
super yummy and fast . it's a fun diner feel before a long flight ! best chicken tenders and fries
awesome service . knowledgeable staff but take time to answer any questions that i may add .
excellent pizza excellent happy hour wine and love the atmosphere ill be back soon while on business !
dr . chow was great . thoroughly listened nd explained the best medication plan for my anxiety .
this chinese restaurant is great , the food is delicious and nice . overall . would go here again .
love this place ! adrienne is seriously the best and everyone who works here is super friendly !
great food ! good alcohol ! karaoke machine and soju for days ! nice little chill spot for you and friends
got the number pho special . great taste , there was more pho than i thought originally , excellent service .
so many books . anyone who loves to read must make this a priority on their visit to portland .
had the most delicious bruch . love the family style plats . makes it so nice to share the yummy creations !
maddie went above and beyond to make sure we had a great experience . highly recommend
best fried fish and grits that i have had in a minute ! unlimited white sangrias are a must every time .
thanks to berryline delicious frozen yogurt not too caloric
no wait time today . excellent eyebrow threading by madhu ! convenient location plenty of parking .
best tacos . the lengua and deschebrada are insanely good . traditional mexican food at good prices .
delicious light and buttery scones . wheelchair accessible ! nice atmosphere . a relaxing place with high quality coffee .
great food ! don't let the outside fool you . great menu . great prices . awesome food
the pizza is tasty guys . i would increase the size though . this is most norwood pizza shops small .
great place if you are limited to i drive . excellent service , fantastic steak tartare cold seafood platter
great business . professional , courteous . we will go back for all our carpet and area rug needs .
small clean family place , good for quick meal or to watch a soccer game . nice people and good cheap food .
exceptional food in an 'interesting' setting . recommend the following ranked scallops app , duck l'orange , indian lamb and garlic shrimp .
great food all the time . you ask for spicy , they make it spicy . reasonable pricing for great food !
amazing quality , but needs to add staff to accommodate normal coffee house business hours .
amazing burgers . good price . awesome fried pickles . what more can you ask for ? free milkshakes with meal on mondays
super busy . great service . great cuts . little pricey . only shop i'll go too . ask for misty .
great place ! open and clean ! fresh soups , sammies and burritos ! they serve beer and wine too ! give it a try !
pho vietnamese coffee . it's what for breakfast ! seriously y'all , this is the best pho in town !
i've always loved this little gem . they have now expanded their menu . amazing vegan options , fantastic attentive service , etc , etc .
the building has been nicely redone . everything is good , but try the sushi pizza !
very tasty . always hits the spot .
great night life and alot of good restaurants . alot of the places also have great happy hour specials !
really awesome drinks ! love the drink special and the all day happy hour on sunday . very chill place .
pretty good 'fast' food pizza joint . would recommend and go back if in town again !
very tasty crawfish . fresh . great garlic and sauce . pretty good wings too . small restaurant , family style .
i looooove the bread bowl soups ! nice place to hang out with company and eat healthy .
charming salon with personal service in the heart of chinatown .
great food , fast , and clean . i recommend this place over that tropical cuisine place around the corner .
stars for the guy behind the counter being stoned my opinion and not charging me for my slice . thanks , guy !
yummy bagels , friendly staff , and delicious menu items . skip the chain breakfast places , this place is the bomb .
high quality service , super friendly staff . highly recommend so happy with the results !
the service is excellent . food are fantastic . always the best choice in dt
went there for lunch . it was cheap for all i could eat . a lot of foods , loved it .
great food ! the staff wore mask and hand sanitizer was provided . it would be nice if they had outdoor heating .
pam always does an amazing job . perfect shape and awesome color selection . i just let her work her magic .
one of the best bahn mi sandwiches in town , the mango cheesecake is also phenomenal . don't forget the free soup .
cute place if you want to relax and sit outside . the gardens are beautiful and the menu is a delight
great restaurant , love their lunch menu ! delicious food and great service ! awesome choices of bourbon and wine !
probably one of the best places ive eaten at in austin . tacos are reasonably priced too .
i just find it weird that there's the fbi building right next door . kind people , and comfortable rooms
amazing place , and all i did was tour it empty . the history and construction of the theatre is fascinating .
i used to go here all the time . scorpion bowls and the dancefloor upstairs . their food is pretty good too !
spotless restaurant , plenty of parking , delicious food ! thanks so much for a yummy lunch .
the grit tots were different but delicious . we ordered the chicken cordon bly which was amazing .
nice , friendly staff . cute atmosphere yummy wholesome , creative food ! loved it !
the staff was very knowledgeable and friendly . i had an excellent experience and would highly recommend this dealership .
always so helpful with great attitudes ! i feel welcome each time , which keeps me coming back .
def a mom and pop stop and it shows in the customer service and will keep me coming back
amazing tacos , not expensive at all , and the craft sodas are so good ! i would recommend .
not sure about the services and price . but the food is great ! its a decent place to be !
great pizza , wings phone service was awesome ! will def be back when visiting this area again .
reminiscent of shaya in new orleans . everything was great and the staff was friendly
great food , home cooked and authentic . we will bring friends back here !
just walked in for the first time . got a great haircut and had fun . i will continue going there .
great lunch . like hot stuff ? the chili paste they have has bad intentions !
this place is awesome ! i'm excited to come in each time . love maya ! she is an awesome nail technician !
awesome service and chicken parm and fettuccine alfredo was delicious . portions were large and i will definitely return .
great service on a busy sxsw week and the chilaquiles are fabulous . love the austin flair .
tit will be my favorite salad store personally ! it is healthy for gym person ! i love it
this is the least i've ever had threading hurt ! she is amazing . totally recommend . and it was fast !
this place is so cool ! great location , cool atmosphere great for casual dates ! and smoothies that are just scrum diddily yum .
five stars for katie doble at see ! helpful , hip , and obviously happy at her job . thanks katie !
the food is pretty standard but the service was great . the manager was very kind and attentive .
great burgers cant beat them just a little slow on there service .
kami was incredibly helpful for getting through our first real estate purchase . very satisfied with the team !
consistently great food and friendly bartenders ! we try to stop in at least once or twice a month .
excellent muscles ! excellent veal parmigiana excellent braciole excellent yummy dessert thanks !
great breakfast , i always like their breakfast . they have improved their lunch too .
the tortilla crusted salmon was amazing . ian , the bartender was excellent . highly recommend for anyone out of town !
can never go wrong here ! great food at great prices ! no complaints . would highly recommend .
delicious coconut shrimp as promised ! caesar salad wasn't anything special , but shrimp made me forget the unimpressive start .
mad greens ? more like mad delicious ! i got the ceasar salad and it was great . i'd come back for sure .
great little neighbourhood curry shop . reasonably priced , good tasting , fast service , and great daily specials .
best cheesesteaks in town ! the other sandwiches are great too . the restaurant is clean and very pleasant .
excellent work done to my vehicle . impressed with how professional , straight forward , friendly they are . would recomend them to anyone !
went with my mom and had a delightful time . our tea was delicious and the food was wonderful .
wonderful raisin carrot salad and the pulled pork was delicious !
even love there enchilada's stuff flounder and tilapia they're beer selection is awesome .
montage is the late night staple . too bad the cornbread is now . still love them dearly .
if you like sicilian , this place is a must try . it's been awhile since i've had a great sicilian pizza .
keep up the good work , falafel king ! for what appears to be a sub shop , one would be pleasantly surprised
great shop , the staff was very helpful . they have a huge selection of juice and tons of mods .
it's a food truck with a picnic area . no disappointment here ! . tacos were so delicious ! highly recommend it !
nice place to get ice cream treat . great to mix tastes
healthy , delicious food at reasonable prices . multiple convenient locations with consistent , above average customer service
delicious . i'm enjoying the corned beef but i almost changed it to the salmon patties
good place with a lot of varieties . nothing special , really . just like every other yogurt place .
the chef surprises and the service is amazing . owner and manager are very engaging , high five !
very good nails in kisssimmee anything very good if you live in kisssimmee you need coming euro nails anh spa
honestly this place is the best ! cheap , good food , good atmosphere ! what more do you need .
great service and food ! huge menu and everything was delicious ! gyro , fajita tip wrap , and veggie rice bowl were great !
we had an excellent dinner . the food and service was top notch and we can't wait to go back .
it was really good . the food is always on point . i enjoy this place every time i go there .
if you like french pastries , you are in luck . best baguette and croissant in atlanta .
the chicken pho is perfect for this cloudy , cold weather ! and the lychee boba tea is also a must have !
i love this restaurant ! fresh salsa bar and vegan options . also , options for my carnivorous friends . everything is very fresh !
love visiting so that i can get some yummy cookies from gideon's and a new plant from porch therapy !
incredible nail salon ! lots of gel color choices and great service ! i will definitely have to make it back !
great pho . friendly staff . if you are in the area , you must try it .
the greens and okra are phenomenal . the vibe is really chill and inviting . definitely a must try !
excellent dental care and wonderful staff .
delicious cajun seafood . our waiter janice was great . she showed us how to eat the crawfish .
solid spot if you looking for something quick and on the go , would deff come back to this location .
rad shit . good for gifts and the staff are nice and helpful .
you have to try the ox tail , amazing . i'm glad we didnt go to the bbq place next door .
amarillo burger and oz chicken sandwich are great . the music is nice as well
delicious food . just like my grandmothers home cooking .
great food and amazing customer service ! i recommend getting the falafel and the beirut style hummus !
love love loveeee my nails ! i didn't have high expectations at all , but they came out great !
excellent service , good sushi , great atmosphere . prices are reasonable and there's a sushi cam ! specialty rolls were interesting and tasty .
the tempeh tofu breakfast taco was honestly one of the best breakfast tacos i've ever had .
it's close by and always love their relaxed atmosphere and creative food titles my fav is baja shrimp ! try it !
much better after sales help than overstated jordan furniture they stand behind there promise ther extra year warranty
supreme ! a treasure trove of vinyl , tapes and all things musical ! the staff is wise , accommodating and enthusiastic !
my favorite spot in roslindale , west roxbury dedham area . friendly , casual , professional , and wonderful food i always recommend
absolutely amazing food draper valley chicken , made in house hash , and great drinks !
their white pizza is fantastic ! their philly is pretty good too . best pizza place in poinciana !
great subs and sandwiches . this tiny sandwich spot will fill that hunger you are craving !
this place is down the street and have one of my favorite buffalo lemon pepper wings plus they deliver
always a good time , especially with an expressive one year old .
love this restaurant food never disappoints . burgers and dinner food all fantastic . even understands gf .
breakfast with a friend was great at gochas ! had the lump crab skillet ! it was amazing !
a great date night choice in austin . food , service , and decor all made for a fun evening .
tried one of their lunch specials today . was decent value and pretty good taste . would return .
disproportionate amount of dudes . not a complaint , just a statement .
relaxing spot to chill at with fairly priced drinks . there's a few good food trucks posted outside too .
favorites holy mole , bubba , and spanky's bowl . specials are always quite interesting .
a must in decatur . the staff really are excellent the food and drinks are to die for .
fantastic food and atmosphere . beautiful bar . something for everyone in this classy and fun urban spot .
good high quality roast beef love the toasted bun . bacon cheese fries were very delicious . lil expensive but good
great service . we called in the morning and they arrived before noon . honest and fair pricing . would use again .
pretty cool spot , great beer selection and good food . the server girl wasn't very friendly though .
everything we had was great ! avocado toast , the breakfast board and spread breakfast . perfect ! go here . great service too !
yes , this is just as good as everyone says it is . gives me a food boner just thinking about it .
i love this adorable , chic place . been there a bunch of times and am glad this little gem is in my town . yummy ! paige
. all i have to say is banana stuffed french toast . this is like crack to a foodie
went there for drinks . great customers . great staff . great chili cheese tater tots ! great trivia night fun !
food is very fresh and flavorful , probably some of the best chinese food i've ever had .
i absolutely love this place ! the coffee and breakfast is great , and the staff is very friendly !
cozy atmosphere . great chicharrones and the tortilla of the day . awesome wine selection . try the lamb flatbread for sure !
great customer service and really n request jonathan or victoria . their hands are magical !
loving this place ! best coffee ! super cool hipsters ! and my favorite chocolate orange scone . !
larger sky club , can find a spot almost anywhere .
love this place . the best leg massage around and their polish is affordable in a good variety .
food was delicious and jordan provided excellent service ! looking forward to a return visit .
great steak house w amazing appetizers . strongly recommend and a good selection of chops
best lobster i've had in years . great local seafood shack ! worth a visit if you are in the area . casual .
great food , clean , efficient service the best chinese i have found in my almost twenty years in florida !
delicious ! authentic taiwanese . they also have several vegetarians options . try the eggplant and basil you won't regret it .
still stars ! don't come , it's already packed ! large mason . orders of housemade taquitos and its all good !
best pizza ever hands down like . best focaccia bread ever . best blue cheese ever . good beers on tap
good tea and not so great coffee my friends felt that coffee had a burnt taste cool place to hangout .
the sweet potato cupcake is perhaps the best i've ever had . worth every penny
great appetizers , and huge heaping plates of delicious food ! definitely recommend the crispy pad thai and the moo ping .
always nice proper and help oed me when i had a car wash malfunction . big fan of speedway
falafel wrap was great ! very nice people . my wrap was made to order . very fresh ingredients !
have always loved this place . great food , even better atmosphere , on the beltline
good place to go ! near northeastern uni . serve fast , fresh and yummy food , good environment . recommended
awesome team ! dr bravman staff are super helpful and communicative .
some of the best cocktails i've had in a long time . i would highly recommend this place for happy hour .
grilled chicken salad and sweet potato fries ! their chicken can only be summed up by one word epicawesomeness !
nice american food . not as good as the line to get in may suggest . very trendy but great fried chicken .
great class instructors ! great music ! nice clean environment !
smooth , robust latte . perfectly brewed drip coffee . superior atmosphere . great baristas . overall , an ideal saturday morning coffee spot !
biscuits and beignets that's all i have to say ! the biscuits are definitely worth it . tastes great !
got a great beard trim barbers are awesome and great environment . would recommend
nice little hole in the wall type burger joint .
appointment was on time . they did an excellent job and very professional . a very clean place
awesome pork belly bun is tender and flavorful . cool little spot with a comfortable atmosphere . no complaints will be back .
great time in the phase human trials room . chance and rachel were wonderful ! highly recommend thanks !
great dinning environment , and great food . like what i had as a child . highly recommended
fantastic and delicious ! tips and eggs were amazing and a nice large portion of perfectly charred tender steak .
beautiful view of the columbia river . good seafood choices . service was slow . nice jazz trio playing .
totally classic . must try while in town . crab cakes are great . veggie burger is a legend !
brad and jeffrey was extremely professional ! they were respectful and kind . they were on time showed up with smile .
definitely on my top ten for portlandia breakfast destinations . the biscuits and mushroom gravy was fantastic .
giant life size chess set here ! now . if only someone would play with me .
amazing hidden gem the entire menu is delicious . service aims to please only thing missing are mimosas
best pizza restaurant in town ! delicious , fresh and very quick service . manager and staff always helpful . thank you guys
authentic southern bbq . tastes amazing . the restaurant is attached to the gas station . they have benches outside .
the food are good reasonably priced . a perfect choice for my birthday buyout from great friends .
good , cheap burgers and cold beer served in a iced mug . a little divy . great place to go with friends !
absolutely wonderful massage ! the owner is lovely , very attentive kind . beautiful rooms with their own unique theme .
the best pizza in columbus . the pepperoni pizza and the original stromboli are my fav . the meet is halal
live music every night with a great beer and spirits selection . very good original pizzas too . highly recommended
always a great experience , the turkey cheese sandwiches are amazing ! get a bit crowded at times but worth the wait
fantastic ! best bagel in new england .
clean , friendly and casual szechuan ! highly recommend the cold noodles , either dumplings and the dan dan noodles .
really large selection of all era clothing . prices were very reasonable ! definitely recommend !
good food , good price ! hits the spot when you're craving mexican food .
their larb lao meat salad is incredible . hands down my new favorite thai spot .
we have ordered vegetarian mezza and lamb tagine . food was delicious , but the staff should work on their service quality .
delicious food and excellent service . we love this place , very convenient and fresh taste .
tacos are alright . for after tip you get a ton of food . very fulfill . nice
live entertainment , good food , and great drinks ! till ! best tapas in the atl .
fantastic ! just as good as their location in elgin . everything was delicious . we will definitely be back here again .
great tasting good and great service . meat was tender and full of flavor . will be returning .
this is the best mexican spot in the city of atlanta . everything on the menu is great .
delicious , huge portioned chicken fried chicken breast so juicy and crispy and killer mashed potatoes .
amazing great variety on menu , service exceptional , and sushi so fresh melts in your mouth !
the sammies are the best . unfortunately the big lebowski is not always on the menu , for adults .
the food was delicious but way over priced . setting a bit pretentious . the grilled octopus was a standout .
pizza was quite delicious . it just had a refreshing taste compared to typical pizza places .
love this park ! everything is awesome here , the food , the rides and the employees .
this is by far my favorite spot in town . great late night tapas selection and service was great .
tasty pizza at a good price ! i love this place !
it was late when we went but the food was great and they have blanton's ! i was very impressed !
simple , delicious , free wifi , good people , great selection of food .
great quick serve greek , and reasonable prices ! salads are huge with a lot of toppings , definitely would come back again
a wonderful little gem of a theater , and worth checking out virtually during covid for sure !
the best vegetarian restaurant i have ever been to . clean , delicious and healthy food . i could eat here every day !
just ate scallops and oysters at the infamous jj fish fries were a bit greasy or than that i enjoyed !
you can't go wrong with la tavola ! wonderful dishes , great service , amazing chocolate cake a !
great food at reasonable prices . quick service . one of our favorites on buford highway .
one of the best indian places i've ever been . if you like lamb , don't miss rogan lamb with plain naan .
comes here very often for dinner or late night eats . their steamers are fantastic . pizza and burgers are great too .
the best margaritas and the best mahi tacos ever ! you will not be disappointed !
really nice employees . loved their pork dumplings , would come back for those again .
amazing food . the huntsman sliders are la bomba ! eat there or across the hall at the tap room
love this building and could not ask for a better apartment in pdx !
by far the best nail experience ever ! david was super friendly and gave me exactly what i asked for !
the best cannoli i have ever had . cute store on the cutest street in boston . cash only
rudy's sause extra moist brisket creamed corn endless bread done son
delizioso ! great service , great food piccata , marsala , pasta and most importantly fabulous cannoli !
always very nice and friendly at the drive thru . they will warm blueberry muffins without getting an attitude about it .
love the food and the atmosphere . perfect location and the service is terrific to say the least .
amazingly talented guy ! very trustworthy ! i would definitely recommend him for anything you need !
beer selection is small but local as of this review , but the spicy pork buns were real solid .
ask for chef damian . awesome servers . hostesses need training in friendliness . great food . fillet was so tender
thanh is the best and fastest nail tech anywhere . i've been coming here for years and won't go anywhere else .
great tacos ! awesome queso ! minus one star because the lines are always too long to order !
service food everything amazing ! fast friendly high quality everything you would want ! how do they consistently do it !
charlie was as sweet as the confections they had on display ! awesome experience .
excellet food and quick service . very friendly staff . haven't tried chinese but punjabi food was really good . definitely recommend
it's hard to add anything that hasn't already been said . i have used their supplies for about ten years .
best thai food around ! crab rangoons are to die for ! best i've ever had ! highly recommend this place for takeout !
great dim sum . lot's of personality . classic traditional chinese . do it .
great place for tapas and drinks . bar tenders are the best ! a little loud but a lot of fun !
magic shroom burger , austin beer works pearl snap goblet . food and service were both fantastic ! stars
excellent service and she was able to hem my blouses quickly ! excellent seamstress and able to handle any alterations .
a real experience . authentic food at a great price . service was great and beer was even better ! thanks .
great place to grab lunch , they have good lunch specials and friendly servers . i love the lunch chimichangas .
great coffee and amazing selection of bagels and sandwiches . so happy this place opened up . very reasonable price too .
this is our favorite place to go when we're in deland . always friendly staff ! great food !
really good quality food combined with a cool atmosphere .
excellent chicken rice bowl . highly recommend the spicy mayo type nom sauce . the iced coffee was perfect as well .
burger was pretty good , bloody mary was amazing !
one of the top bbq joints in texas . wake up early and get the real deal holyfield . enough said .
great food but extremely overpriced . the service is very attentive . nice place for a special occasion .
very well managed business . they get you in and out quickly and the facility is top notch .
super friendly and delicious and they have clear coconut .
my husband and i love love love this place . the wings and fiery feta dip are both must haves .
cheap beer including bodhi ! , good dart boards , and pool ! late night slice attached too
one of our favorite thai places ! the panang curry is amazing and their pad thai is one of our favorites
best ever . deserves every star . everyone who works there is friendly and has the patience of the buddha himself .
great experience with preflight their staff , the location , and the pre paid price . we will definitely use this company again !
friendly and helpful staff . local and fresh food and amazing flavors ! highly recommend !
busy busy busy best dim sum this side of the us though i had better in canada and europe
great customer service ! very helpful and friendly . good tips and training for our month old golden retriever
great place ! cole was incredibly helpful and went above and beyond to help me quickly and efficiently .
great brews . good , organic , local food . i don't like the french fries though . will definitely be back .
superbly fantastic ! the food is delicious and we'll cooked to your preference and amazingly nice .
great burger . it takes a minute but the service was good for me .
great food , descent prices , cozy house setting . the staff is top knotch !
la isla bonita owner and staff are amazing and food and drinks are great in tualatin by fred meyers
good boba and banh mi ! vegetarian friendly ! also banh mi was served with a nice side soup free of charge
great food , great wine selection and very knowledgeable somm . definitely lived up to expectations . great spot for date night .
i enjoy the garlic grilled rice balls ! the takoyaki is great !
greasy and good . try the longhorn and a shake . the decor is pure ' s .
my go to neighborhood sushi restaurant . never fails and i always try something different .
the best breakfast place ever . banana bread french toast is to die for
love the barre classes with whitney ! all the instructors are great and the music is always on point !
i have dreams of the food and nightmares of the long wait in the summer heat .
some of the best mexican food in ocoee ! their torta and fruit water was to die for !
thanks to busters towing , i've gotten to see more of my city on foot ! would get towed here again .
excellent massage , but definitely on the pricier side . i'd absolutely go back again , but probably only for a special occasion .
delicious calzone , congrats ! very , very delicious . excellent service . clean environment , fast service , easy access and on site parking . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
this place is excellent , i really enjoy the cubano and the pesto chicken sandwiches . they have good breakfast sandwiches too
great steak and cheese sub , great chicken fingers ! not huge fan of greek pizza but better than most .
great little place to grab breakfast and lunch . food was great and staff was very nice . definitely will be back !
this was a really great experience . got a mani , pedi and eyebrow wax . very pleased and would recommend .
great brewery . the line will be long but moves quickly . try the fort point pale ale .
tried the super sourdough , and was super impressed ! the crust was thick , and the inside was beautifully soft !
there are some very beautiful spots here ! don't miss the gorgeous bamboo !
i literally ate salted caramel cupcakes in one sitting . enough said .
they put an addictive chemical in it that makes you crave it fortnightly , smartass .
great coffee , seasonal drinks , super friendly staff and patrons . great alternative to the busy coolness of stumptown .
another great service experience ! i'll be back . thank you ryan justin .
very good , i just hate the seating situation . , i understand its family style so get there early !
great food and service . gluten free menu is available . our food was fresh and came out quickly .
great restaurant , the food and the service is awesome they have vegan options , anything you order is fantastic !
i love that the class is an hour , different every time , and can be modified from beginner to athlete !
nice womens clothing ! very cute . stylish stuff . found a ton of new workout gear too
chairs incredible . stylist great . glass of wine perfect . overall fantastic . will be back to this gem . thanks for the treat !
great spot . get the mushrooms , grilled brazino , and tomato gazpacho . the paella is 'elfin delicious . service was warm and knowledgable .
absolutely top shelf . exciting menu . plain looking neighborhood restaurant , small , but all food served with a smile !
i really want to try it there i heard great things though about the salon
easy airport to navigate . liitle old school , but does the job !
delicious steak , excellent drink and all in a fantastic atmosphere . bon appetite !
definitely the best ramen in the boston area ! the spicy miso ramen is my all time favorite . yum ! every week !
this is a fantastic sweet tomato's . clean quiet . the carrot cream cheese lava cake is heaven !
had the albuquerque turkey and veggitator tortilla sandwiches . exceeded my expectations ! will definitely be back to try more .
we love the fact they have dole whip and dole whip floats available without going to the parks .
nero's is a fantastic addition to reading center . great coffee , croissants and plenty of seating near the fireplace .
finally ! a selection of healthy snacks ! we always enjoy stopping here for some assorted fruit , cheese crackers .
i love this place . best food in town . the ruebens are amazing . it is such a relaxing atmosphere .
solid buffet and comfortable seating . good yang chow fried rice . always a nice place to catch up with friends .
loved this place ! the waiting time is pretty bad so i recommend you join the waistline on this app .
this place has really good fast food . service is kind and quick . i love their paninis .
i keyes are ok but the florida waffle was absolutely amazing ! would come back on my next visit !
people , it's tonkotsu ramen not tonkatsu i enjoyed my tonkotsu ramen . will be back soon !
great , reliable pizzicato pizza , but cramped and awkward dining room . best for to go orders .
great location , coffee and food are always great . service is slow and they often forget items .
excellent drinks ! unique , stylish , awesome decor and atmosphere . this place is one of my favorites for sure .
love this place . amazing food , decent service . just wish they had a few more veg options .
the doctor was extremely professional . great bedside manner . i would highly recommend this place .
the food was delicious . highly recommended . amazing service . ranks among my favorite thai restaurant in atlanta .
went with a group of and service was great . food was even better . definitely will go back
top notch in the us , but comparing with some other countries , their crawfish wasn't fresh and big enough .
great coffee . i always stop here when we're in beaverton . it's a nice change of pace from dutch bros .
so excited a boba tea place is opened nearby to walk to . very yummy wide selection .
obviously love it . what townie in somerville doesnt ? really good cheap food . beware of the line for breakfast !
the best way to grub hands down some of the finest tasting bowls with a guilt free delight !
a wall of whiskey , bourbons , and rye from the tap clean , crisp beer to chase
awesome coffee , great pastries and the outdoor patio tops it off . my new favorite place .
good mexican food , friendly staff and pleasant atmosphere . we'll be coming back here again .
i have never been disappointed in boston's fish house . everything has been fresh and hot . generous portions
i love comic con , but the austin convention center is way too tiny to keep hosting this event !
good food and friendly service . new for this area , not much choice of asian restaurant , feel satisfied about this place .
great rainbow and speckled trout baked and blackened respectively ! nice waitress , all around great experience . everytime !
we loved this place . small , excellent food and the service was perfect . a gem .
bona was excellent . very attentive and even though we didn't order much she gave great service .
great place ! fast service and food was tasty and fresh . good selection of beers as well .
adorable place , friendly baristas , strong coffee . what more could you ask for ?
amazing food and friendly staff ! my daughter and i were both very impressed . we will definitely be back !
great prices and price matching . excellent , helpful , and knowledgeable staff !
amazing . wish they had more vegetarian options , but the couple they do have are incredible .
love orlando ! lived in orlando for years . friendly residents and good friends . loved disney world !
i enjoyed the beef tongue , though it was too salty . the shrimp and grits were good .
very flavorful , fresh and variety of options great to have such a nice vegan place in neighborhood .
they opened a rusted lock for me without charge and with a smile . i highly recommend them .
great good every time i've eaten at either one of their two locations . nothing beats all you can eat fish .
the goat sandwich is one of the best things i have ever ate . especially at am when you are drunk .
love the food here always consistently delicious . service is really great . in my neighborhood so it's a winner .
there are always things that blow me away ! pun intended ! their prices are competitive . they have great classes too !
great food , awesome staff , best in bean town . don't hesitate to visit this place
best dive in randolph . cheap beer , great pizza what else could you ask for ?
i love ole frijole more than the taquerias on alberta they consistently rock the best mexican in ne !
the service was attentive . the drinks were generous . the food was well prepared and presented .
great bbq . very good drink and craft beer menu . friendly and fast service . try the fox burger .
i love this starbucks location ! it's at the heart of yaletown and service is wonderful and relatively quick !
was visiting from ca and have to say this place has amazing bagels . perfect spot . great food . great service !
trashy breakfast goodness at it's finest . cheap , and greasy just what a hangover totally needed .
one of my favorite spots in the south end . reasonable prices , the food's always fresh , and the staff's great .
awesome miso soup and salmon tempura . especially the tempura was crunchy and buttery at the same time
very entertaining and informative whatever time of day you turn it on .
we love jason st . louis ! he was great . helped us out and showed amazing customer service ! will be back !
love the beer selection ! rotating taps of oregon goodness .
always a great meal at a great price ! and we've never left hungry
we had the warm , buttery lobster roll and lobster bisque . both were fresh and delicious !
best tacos i've had in orlando . the guacamole is awesome , and the staff and setting are really fun .
sleek cool vibe with extraordinary wait staff the food ? amazing ! eat outside people watch . try the multi o yum !
delicious . support your small businesses this place is locally owned by a young ucf grad .
always great service and the food comes out pretty fast as well . i am never disappointed when i dine here .
this is the single best meal i have ever had in the greater boston area . i cannot recommend highly enough .
ordered here and it was extremely good a little pricey but still good would defiantly eat here again !
kid friendly and great pizza . gelato is a nice way to end your evening .
i love their pulled pork pancakes . great food and good service .
beautiful office , nice staff , modern equipment .
truly excellent service they do cook everything for you too . food was great and a lot of fun !
the food is great . freshly prepared , fresh ingredients , delicious flavour combinations . wonderful place couldn't have enjoyed it more !
great local restaurant and bar specializing in new england style foods including clams and chowder .
there is a reason this place is busy ! they have good local food and great breadsticks . love going here !
damn . i didn't taste a single dish which didn't meet my expectation . just pure awesomeness !
awesome thin crust with an amazing pizza sauce , and great mozzarella sticks for appetizers . hits the spot !
perfect dining experience ! great service and delicious pizza . must visit spot , right in the heart of yaletown .
available parking , good craft beer
the best theatre in the columbus area . good costumer service , comfortable seating , and a large variety at the concessions .
nice place , nice service . good atmosphere and delicious pain au chocolat . recommended .
quick acxess , friendly service regular gas . today fresh pastries . after pm until truck comes to restock .
great place great service michelle was are server she was awesome and really friendly
margaritas were excellent . veal quesadilla was incredible . service was terrific . i recommend the rooftop bar .
casual modern very well presented dinner . excellent service and food . the steak was perfectly prepared and served .
this is the sweetest little neighborhood joint ! great for meetings , kiddos and chill time amazing wine selection .
delicious as always ! love the breakfasts , love the coffee flavors , love the pastries ! great place to eat ! no complaints !
food is good and fresh . service is good too even its busy sometimes ! finally have a hotpot in malden !
holly crap love the fish here decided to go grilled yesterday wish i could give it a star
great service . the staff members were accommodating and very friendly . massage chair work very well . tools used clean and sanitized .
lived here for about years now and still really enjoy it . it's clean , quiet , maintenance is done quickly .
hands down my favorite restaurant experience in all of walt disney world . make sure you go hungry ! worth every penny
seriously one of the best philly's i have had in a long time thanks guys keep up the good food
hey , it's garden variety chinese food . fast delivery , always hot and i haven't had a bad experience there .
great food and service ! def must try . everything is delicious . avocado toast my favorite .
unique to boston . definitely worth doing if you are visiting .
great food , unique atmosphere . a posh eatery in an unexpected location !
every plate we ordered was great . good wine as well . was a busy friday night but service was still good .
oh my god ! this place is delicious just like new york always satisfied when i leave and great price
comfort food hit the spot in every visit . versatile place for business or personal events .
loved it and so happy to have close to home . hope they never change vibe of this neighborhood joint
i really appreciate that they let you mix and match without charging extra . large portion . chill vibe
love the moon baby and the fried catfish ! absolutely delicious . super nice owner and staff . great place highly recommend !
cacao ! yes . all the chocolate . matt and i agree . justin also agrees . omg . the white chocolate . it was ridiculous .
a lovely restaurant . wonderful ambiance , delicious food and outstanding staff . an experience to be savored .
great food ! great atmosphere ! super nice people ! you've gotta try here ! you'll love it !
called ahead to place an orders buns were super crispy and light . special banh mi was good .
ordered a carry out lunch special great food and great price ! made meals out of it !
it is a great mall to spend the evenings and hang out with friends !
amazing . such a cool accommodating crew , fabulous food and a great value for the .
very good flavors ! unfortunately they ran out of boba . my husband's drink had to be re made .
great service ! bagel with nova was delicious and the coffee was hot and fresh , would definitely come back !
a real gem . my only issue here are their prices , and even that qualm is debatable !
incredible thoughtful service and great fresh food for really reasonable price what more could you want
seriously some of the best pho in town . way better than for soup !
delicious fire roasted coffee ! the nitro moon is the jam ! staff was super helpful too .
the food is good and the service is fast ! really like the bacon burger and there fries !
yummers . great sangria tapas . can get expensive , but worth it .
so efficient , so consistent even at the busiest peaks in morning rush hour ! love it
great roast pork lo mein , but very greasy , and lots of sodium if you eat big portion .
the most delicious sandwich award goes to flour's cauliflower melt . please try it ! it is life changing .
good food , good families as well . typically quick service . we will be back in the future !
delicious ice cream . lots of flavors . open during winter . delivery . what can go wrong with that ?
fast ! pizzas cook very quickly . maybe mins . pizzas are good but the wings are very rubbery . overall good
talented floral designers combined with the freshest and most beautiful flowers equals the best florist in town .
really beautiful space . very welcoming and knowledgeable teachers . friendly , encouraging , supportive , and caring community ! thanks for the awesome classes !
the food in the restaurant dinner is fantastic and very reasonably priced . downright cheap . what a deal !
overnight delivery of wings , pulled pork , and mac n cheese ! highly recommend . sauces were incredible !
the best sushi in vancouver . the place is always super clean , service is great , and the food is always great .
had the always sunny and the pioneer poppers ! both excellente ! i was amazed . great food and service .
amazingly attentive service . great wine selection . food tasty and well presented . highly recommend this place .
excellent pizza pie . they have really great service . the pie tonight was exactly what we wanted . thin crust and crispy !
haitham a mogherbi says best airport in the southern usa
awesome , super clean . huge range of foods .
best tableside guac , queso and all of the dishes i've had are outstanding . excellent margaritas and very nice people .
the scramble was ok , though somewhat greasy . the place was almost full but clean and orderly . the staff were friendly .
good selection of salsa and home made tortillas . nice authentic spot . could use bigger selection of beers . good spot overall
this place is incredible . great service with a young exiting vybe . and ofcourse great food .
quick , efficient customer service . fun personalities . they really spice up my domestic shipping life .
works easter ! good section of frozen yogurt flavors . prices by cups not by weight or toppings . very convenient .
i've had the jerk and curry chicken and they both fall off the bone ! best caribbean food in the area !
great customer service , great menu with lots of different options and affordable prices . a hidden gem in st . cloud .
good quality ingredients , nice variety and pleasing people
quick , drive thru window , extra hot lattes and treats . solid comfort stop .
must visit if you're on the atlanta area . friendly staff . food is seasoned well . reasonably priced .
best creamy greek dressing anywhere . the chicken kabob salad and chicken kabob wrap are the best i've ever had !
great food ! love ramen then it's a must try ! i suggest ordering ahead . can get busy .
i have used joel and tol for years . excellent service and quality fixtures . beautiful outdoor lighting .
prices are way high like every other restaurant in this stupid town but the general gau's is pretty killer .
love this place ! great enviorment . great coffee . and a great spot to get some work done
great food and service ! the salsa is awesome . i could go there just for the chips and salsa
best bakery around ! love to get bagels and coffee . absolutely the best cake to get for any occasion .
delicious burgers . it is a good place to relax and catch a game . i'll return again .
food was excellent . the cleanest bathroom i've ever been in in boston i'm from here and i'm !
best sweet and sour chicken i've had in my entire life .
bright clean and killer meatball sub
simply a beautiful hotel . very modern , clean and wonderful staff . a hidden treasure .
i have been several more times . this is now my favourite donut joint . go early , delicious , friendly , and ckean establishment .
this is a must on your restaurant list for breakfast . the mini waffles are scrumptious .
went to an event here this past weekend . liked the venue and the decorum .
i enjoyed the egg drop soup and szechuan chicken was deelish ! excellent service too !
quick and easy , so friendly and an excellent job hemming my dress ! will definitely be back
had a fantastic meal here . authentic and the wait staff was pleasant . highly recommend for tasty crepes !
crawfish has a bit fishy flavor , everything is perfect except that . i love king crab the most !
food was great highly recommend pork belly tacos . good cocktail selection . get the dessert .
best pizza ever . seating is tricky since they are so busy but the pizza is worth it . must eat here .
cute well organized small store that is like walking into a dream garden . very good selection at very reasonable prices .
good service . slightly expensive than others but worth it considering he showed up pretty much immediately when i called him .
we love your pizza ! please bring back your monday specials !
great lobster roll and lobster bisque , the lobster tasted so fresh
pacifico on draft , attentive and helpful service , great food and loved the guac ! will definitely be coming back again
highly recommended ! owen is awesome and cares a lot about the clients and the service he provides .
best fish . i go there from usa to eat their amazing flavoured fish perfect combination with redish and sauces
ask for the gil roll . its not on the menu but its a ping speciality and its awesome !
never had tapas style food until i ate there . good portions for small plates ! so good !
atmosphere charming and authentic . great service and the food is incredible . the marinara is the best i've ever had !
simply wonderful , i love you jp licks !
always friendly servers . decent food , and while the drinks are priced a bit high , there are decent happy hour specials .
tasty cupcakes and easy delivery through yelp . we enjoyed the tuxedo and the vanilla cake chocolate frosting combo .
i love this place , the chicken barge plate is delicious . i highly recommend it , great bang for the buck .
these guys are the experts . they make other screen printers look like amateurs . plus , they have great prices . awesome !
we were in orlando and tried this place for the first time . food and service was great
look no further ! you will not be able to find a more talented , reasonable upholsterer than pedro !
just your local bad ass knife store . much more than just knives . also , the only place to go for sharpening .
delicious sandwich , the flavors were really really yummy . adiel was a super sweet server too ! would come back
classic gentleman's steakhouse in the heart of vancouver . food is good drinks are strong , it's worth a try !
fantastic service . the wait staff was attentive and helpful . food quality and presentation was especially great as well .
great food and even better service . try anything , you will be impressed .
worth to try it if you are looking for mediterranean food . interesting menu with cool dining room . support local businesses !
love the location and friendly staff ! great place for out of towners too !
love this family run business ! great food and great people . can't go wrong with either the savory or sweet options .
thank you for such a good job . delivered on time as quoted , and a clean and functional install !
awesome service and top shelf food ! rose was a super friendly , fun waitress . will most definitely return .
we thought everything about mandola's was excellent ! very fun and delicious experience !
fresh sushi at good prices this is our weekly sushi place
delightful owner and amazing donuts ! totally worth the trip and would definitely recommend the pistachio , lavender , vanilla donuts . yummy !
food came out pretty quickly and the pizza was really yummy . so glad i discovered this place .
my wife and i just had the best biscuits and gravy ever . and we were raised in the south .
much better than expected . nice servers and great food ! will def become a regular spot for me .
great food and unique menu , good price , chill atmosphere . repeat diner , it's our go to place in delaware .
love the la fin fu monde . reminds me of the belgian trappist beers i like . great atmosphere here .
superior customer service ! very quick turnaround . will recommend this place to all my friends and family .
the drinking chocolate is decadent ! thick and dark and sweet , and comes in a shot or bigger . pinkies up !
awesome for pool , shuffleboard , live music , and beer . great quite place if you want to chill and have a beer .
this place is great . large portions and good prices . always excellent !
steven gives a great haircut and is a fun guy !
best place ever ! great lamb screwers and fabulous veggie dishes ! loved it ! will be back !
love it ! great community atmosphere . perfect for families with kids .
delicious dinner excellent food . best dirty martini the bathtub gin with house made pickled ramp brine amazing .
best kept secret for breakfast in grandview . great environment and friendly staff . remember to grab your own drinks .
great comfort food . i had pancakes with blueberry syrup and they were delicious .
prompt service , excellent work , free advice and very affordable ! i would definitely use them again .
the best . jazz and basketball at the same bar . great drinks , healthy pour for an affordable price .
this is the chipotle of sushi . the salmon poke bowl and the hamachi poke are both awesome !
great place , their fries are good and a huge portion ! their blueberry lemonade is so good
great hotel and great location . very clean and modern . large size property and large area for food and bar .
the best ice cream in columbus . loved the ginger and the rest of the exotic flavors . awesome !
love it in all the magazines ! consistently good and fast service , love that they have outdoor seating too
really like this chinese . not just the normal take out . would definitely order from there again
very speedy delivery , sashimi was fresh and tasty .
deliciously inviting atmosphere , service and product . the creative mix of fresh ingredients keep the taste buds craving more . excellent !
awesome pizza , good service . really like the thai pizza , making my mouth water while i'm writing this !
first time at kitchen table cafe . yum yum . great food with great choices . service was excellent with such kind staff .
the pizza here is awesome . stopped by for a slice and got the veggie . lots of green and black olives .
the service excellent and fast . i saved money using my navy federal membership .
awesome oxtail . try to see mama at leaat once a week for a plate . her beef pattys sre great , also .
got my son's graduation cake . absolutely wonderful . . never disappointed in anything i have purchased there !
check in system online was great ! staff and dr were excellent ! very nice facility as well . in and out !
love getting my nails done here . kind staff , good nails , and they are generous with my tedious demands !
jicama shrimp taco is one of the best things i've ever tasted ! service was also excellent . will definitely return .
perfect authentic catalan food , good service , friendly chef ! wish they would add cargolls to the menu catalan snails .
excellent service , i am super happy i found claudia . i definitely recommend her and will keep using her service .
very good pho , good service , i had lunch here and highly recommend it . there are vegetarian options .
nice hotel overall . except paring is the hidden fee . a night valet . no self parking .
best tacos in town . for sure . try the thursday special scallop tacos . amazing .
found my go to car repair place . its hard finding a place that wont charge you an arm and a leg .
great float , nice and clean , nice atmosphere , nice staff , overall wonderful experience !
very nice trees and excellent customer service . we bought an orange tree and kim was very helpful .
i have been coming here for years . great hygienist . ample seating and offer finance options for major dental work .
i'm upgrading this place cause i tried more stuff and it was great . my new favorite is the newton roll .
americano english trifle steamed milk pumkin pie
very impressed with their service and alfred's passion . detailed and thorough . transparent with their work and cost . a great find !
good atmosphere , good beer , friendly service rachel and great food . will be coming back again .
given the current star review i wasn't expecting much , but the teote bowl and arepitas were delicious !
thanks , randy for all your help over the years ! almost like family ! these guys are awesome !
really nice restaurant . kind of expensive but food is really good . i got the shrimp lo mein .
the brunch was delicious but the service . the service sucked . the waitress was very curt and inattentive .
delicious pho ! lots of meat , good broth , and noodles have perfect texture . i will definitely be back .
service is awesome . best biryani in town . all the items we ordered are amazing . worth waiting for the table .
my favorite home town restaurant for breakfast , lunch , and dinner . i really like the grilled fish sandwich .
great service and excellent coffee ! nice to have a local business in oviedo on the park
good amount of vegan options . good prices . vegan ranch was great . the taste was like
this has the most respectful staff . the food and wine selection are the best in the area .
ramen was great , just a bit pricey .
this is the best brazilian restaurant that i tried , best reception and food , thank you !
outstanding . first root canal and could not have for better . very little discomfort and almost zero recovery time .
schmidt's is always delicious . and the cream puffs are amazing ! loving the booths at the fairgrounds !
omg ! so good . can't wait to try it . heard good things about this place . drinks are good as well .
soyrizo burrito is to dieeee for ! add their orange salsa and you're in heaven !
my best friend came here and said yes to the dress ! amazing selection ! great customer service .
this place is excellent . the bread and falafel are super delicious . so glad this place opened !
five stars for the consistent customer service and quality of food . this place is owner operated and it shows .
christian was the best ! we had so many questions and he was the bomb . com . great food and a great team !
great product line with excellent service and superior product warranty . i love this store and their employees !
wow ! i had low expectations and this place blew them away . great pizza . super fast . very impressed , will return soon .
i got my eyebrows threaded here and they did a great job . very friendly staff and comfortable setting .
love their pizza ! fine upstanding owners and employees . support your local pizzerias !
great food . amazing chicken and waffles . my vegetarian girlfriend loved their veggie panini .
love this store ! they have a wide selection of turquoise jewelry from new mexico ! i have bought many pieces !
one of the cleanest and effective airports i've been to in the states . not as stressful as other airports .
really tasty and healthy salads , soups and sandwiches with vegetarian options .
generous portion sizes . vegetarian options available . love their pho's
i love this place . clean and quality nail shop with super attentive and friendly owners . my go to nail salon .
warm atmosphere . personal service great food . i recommend the chicken panang .
wonderful food , ambience was just right . steak cooked perfectly , seafood done well . we will definitely be repeat customers .
great food , quality flavors and great portion sizes . i definitely recommend siam and i will be back .
great falafel and hummus ! very friendly and accommodating staff ! thank you !
best chinese food around ! the general gau chicken is delicious
love their chicken ! they changed their salads awhile ago and super love those now also . the service is always great !
i'll be the first to review ! at soft opening friday the best food and drinks in buda ! congrats !
that texas burrito though ? andrea and i had the best time ever . also , the chicken tacos are amazing .
great service , amazing fresh delicious options , and beautiful outdoor seating . a north boulder favorite .
excellent food . can't go wrong with anything on the menu . excellent service . highly recommended . the veal chop cut like butter !
love the blue cheese fries ! love the atmosphere ! love the people ! not so hot on the prices . nuf said
been here twice pre covid . loved their lamb dish . hope to have the chance to visit again !
i just happened upon this neighborhood jewel . nice staff , great specials and the food is so delicious !
lamont did a wonderful job . super sweet , awesome recommendations , great food !
personalized care for your hair and beard . trendy stylists who know what they are doing . nice location .
mario's white pizza is my favorite . every employee i've dealt with here has amazing customer service skills . they really care .
the best northern indian food in the boston area !
friendly and cozy environment paired with excellent food . this is one of our go to brunch places . definitely recommend it .
decent falafel , served with family style care , at very competitive prices .
two words vegan burger . soooooooo good . it's not available at most locations . now if only they could have vegan milkshakes .
i love this place ! baristas make a great latte , comparable to heart . very friendly and pastries from bakeshop .
amazingly good service and food . the prices are even good ! a great find . the chipotle chicken sandwich was excellent .
great restaurant . great service . great food . definitely coming back for more . you have to finish your meal with a cortadito .
clean excellent quality food . the restaurant is also impeccably clean with great service . the good is always fresh .
great french cafe close to home . good pastries , desserts and coffee and the staff is always friendly . love this place !
great chips and salsa as a starter . great food . great service . definitely recommend this place .
a little crazy inside when ordering but the food is worth it ! really good fries . highly recommend the curry ketchup .
amazing food and impeccable service ! chef ray is the man ! try the eggplant bahn mi . you won't be disappointed .
ally is the best ! the food could be better , but ally our waitress is funny as shit ! thank you
beautiful restaurant , delicious food and good happy hour . my new favorite date night spot !
great atmosphere . great food . good variety . service is awesome . greeted with a smile on entering . staff always smiling .
great food and excellent service . warm , friendly environment . they have both indoor and outdoor seating available . love this place
food here so good . i like . nice restaurant , clean , enthusiastic service . next time i'll visit again
very clean well stocked , quality food not too crowded . loved it were food snobs
highly recommend the guacamole for apps . it was delicious and made with pumpkin seeds .
fast , friendly , great food , hummus was great , cold beer who can ask for more good service ,
great waterfront italian . easy walking distance from our hotel , the westin waterfront . service was attentive and friendly . very good food .
great food . overall great service . i loved the pizza and buffalo chicken . i'll def be back .
great food . great service . a little pricy for the decor , but the food is wonderful . great vegetarian and vegan options .
this place leaves me speechless . like finding the ark of the covenant and i'm indiana jones . free beer ? charlene's here !
i love this place , very clean , service is on point and the sushi is absolutely exceptional . .
amazing salads , quick and busy place i loved the food a lot of variety for many people
lots of great beers . piano kareoke . lots of fun . big open area for a noisy good time .
love going here , lucie and lisa are so nice and i just love walking here to lunch . very good atmosphere .
super clean . great waiter ! excellent cuban cuisine . would definitely go back . even the same week .
great product , gret people . i really love this place . the flavor of the week is always creative .
enjoyed myself . the menu has a lot of great delicious varieties to choose from . will visit back again .
best froyo i've had so far . i love the pomegranate !
kyle was incredibly helpful , would buy from him again . he gave us a good deal on a great mattress .
delicious soy chai latte ! i've never been more happy with an airport hot drink .
tried the detox smoothie and the daily juice special . both were awesome ! great selection of fresh fruits as well .
the salon is clean and neat . customer service is excellent . all the girls are very good at pedis and manicures .
the breakfast tacos are also top notch . try the good morning with chorizo , egg , refried black beans . or the migas tacos .
been coming here for years . great food and great service . hope to eat dine in in the near future again .
this place has the most delicious duck appetiser ! beautiful atmosphere . friendly servers .
great service , easy , quick , and reliable . kind customer service . reasonable prices . i've been using them monthly for a few years .
this is a great place to get your appliance for your new home , existing home or even your vacation home .
got my nails done for ! awesome and friendly student staff !
great customer service from trisha for my midnight burger hit . that new siracha sauce is super hot . wooo
the brisket was delish ! the service , not so much , but the food was worth it .
favorite nail salon ! clean , serene and the nicest techs i've ever met . beautiful execution on my gel full set !
might fine beer selection . great selection of growlers . bar keep very knowledgeable and funny . no frills bar .
it's like angels came down an blessed this food . it is sooooo good !
bomb af . super excited that columbus has poke ! refreshing and light great summer food !
great place . great service . great food . great portions . great owner . over all fantastic . would def . return ad recommend to others .
bonefish is in my top chain restaurants . they always have excellent service and incredible food .
absolutely amazing food and service ! such a special evening ! drinks were also wonderful . have told everyone about it .
great pizza delivered nice and hot . wanted to try something new . this restaurant is a keeper !
luigi saved me , vs . dealership putting my honda element back in running order . really cannot recommend him enough .
clean , quiet facility . nice equipment and studios , and even clean locker rooms . the day pass was , so not bad .
amazing gelato , especially biscoff flavor ! owners are really nice and provide great service ! love love love !
amazing pho place ! highly recommend ! i ordered b today , beyond impressed . service is great , food is super fresh .
good food , unique , cool ambiance yet still casual , good for kids or adults , will definitely go back here !
nice restaurant , vivid ambiance with live music , crowded bar because of decent variety of drinks , good food .
the sleeper department store in the city . excellent selection of designer clothing and an extensive shoe dept .
working in canton , i have had contact with dunkin' brands . definitely a great place to be located by .
gilt is the place to be ! come here and see colin ! hes awesome , come to gilt for some time !
great service erin . food was perfect like i have come to expect from keke's
beautiful park ! highly recommend the walking tour , it gives such a great history of the park and baseball .
great food and prices . fantastic service and a good atmosphere . we come here regularly with the family .
inexpensive wonderful tx mex . try a margarita ! i had the eggplant with crab , it was outstanding !
love the staff and bartenders ! sidney is super sweet and is always smiling ! i love cord he's a riot !
nice trendy restaurant and bar in the evenings . their gorgonzola waffle fries are amazing !
service was great and the food was just crazy good . can't wait to go back to austin and eat here !
delicious food . what else can i say . everything we've eaten there has been fantastic .
great service . salmon is great . my husband says they have the best steak . location is really good . very gud crowd .
the best pho ! ny has the worst greasiest dirtiest pho's ! this one is so refreshing light and clean tasting !
went for lunch with a friend . the food was fresh and good . didn't think it was standout though .
i think these guys do a great job . favorite item is stacked enchiladas . second for lunch and s tune sandwich .
very good margaritas and very tasty mexican food .
kind and friendly service . perfect for my elderly dog and fuzzy corgi that i'm too lazy to wash myself .
great service thanks steven d . you deserve to be called out for excellence . food was also top notch .
go here ! order all the tacos . order the gringa . order so much food ! its all very delicious !
dropped in on new years day . good service , good food . liked by many that morning as it got busy .
good food d yummy yum nom friendly atmosphere good service and most importantly the ramen is delishhhh !
great vibe , classic , classic cocktails done to perfection .
half blackberry half wedding cake ! this place has the best snow cones in town !
wow ! the atmosphere , food and music was perfect a new favorite !
the people here were great , really made an experience compared to other chain restaurants .
one of the best artisan bakeries in the boston area ! a hidden gem ! the pecan cranberry is divine !
huge fan of their massages . beautiful , and peaceful location with excellent lmt's .
got the scott brown burger . interesting , unique , and tasty combination of ingredients . cool atmosphere too .
quaint and homey . great food . great drinks . great service . definitely coming back to try more of the menu !
my regular combo consists of a green chili pork taco on flour , accompanied by trailer park . best tacos in town !
fresh , local , organic . fast . fruit sodas !
went for my brother's birthday . service was amazing . food was amazing . coming here again soon .
nom city . not your typical food truck . big portions , delicious food , reasonable price . definitely will be back . nom nom nomaste
this is by far the best chinese food near the airport . try the general tso's . reasonable prices too !
fried apple pie empanada so good .
the food was really good , but they used excessive plastic that even their plates are cardboard .
tried and you must try sticky bun lola cookie apple shacking cake ginger molasses cookie granola bars
excelent place amazing ! recommend it to any one ! is no that expensive . good customer services , and arcade
amazing . with yelp discount , only . . with tip . easy and great haircut . definately going back for a facial .
great experience almost every time . awesome wine and beer selection and flatbreads
quick service great food . no complaints . highly recommend the lobster ravioli !
the five cheese was cheesy and delicious . really good pizza . gf crust good as well . get at it !
excellence in coffee . nice shady patio . food trucks on either side . barista has great eyes
i sent a bouquet of flowers today to ashlen at work in harvard square . they arrived and were absolutely beautiful !
love this place ! great neighborhood coffee shop . good atmosphere , great coffee . spruce juice is my favorite !
alan was our server ! amazing experience ! great food and service ! will be back again , and will be requesting for alan !
the mofongo ! that's all you need to know best i've had in orlando ! service was great as well .
they have everything under the sun and i love their neon sign really adds to the neighborhood !
got crabs ? love this location . i always have good experiences here . steam pots are the best . check it out .
i hate eggs . paul made an omelet that i ate and loved . this never happens . i'll be back .
this is the best greek pastry shop i've been to everything is fresh and totally perfect i highly recommend it
friendly , small operation . prices are good as is the service . definitely recommend finding this place . cash and check only .
wonderful food , great service and inviting atmosphere . a portland must . make a reservation , they fill up fast .
i love this place . the food is always fresh and cooked just right . friendly service is always a plus .
great beer and atmosphere . fun place to hangout . they are a dog friendly taproom ! definitely check it out .
we had a great birthday dinner with steak , wine , friends , music , fun and even met bobby steiner in the bar .
high production quality for the pharaoh . enjoyed our time . friendly staff . will check out the other locations .
really really great food and service . i had vegetable briyani and paneer tikka masala . highly recommend !
we've been going to helmand for years . it's great for groups , family , or just a special occasion .
generous portions . top quality ingredients , pleasant atmosphere . i highly recommend any of the salads
goat greatest of all tamales . awesome patio .
if you want a good deal and to deal with someone who knows what he's talking about . come here !
amazing atmosphere ! very authentic . all counties represented and great beers on tap !
good food and great service . the restaurant looks great after their recent renovation .
this place is simply great . great food and a fun atmosphere .
best micheladas and breakfast ! come to the southside for good food . near south st street and ben white .
had a great memorable experience with the mickey's not so scary halloween celebration .
always a fun time racing karts at a very high speed .
very good food . piping hot and fresh . good service . on the spicy scale is good n hot .
the food is awesome ! . especially the spicy chicken wing ! i like that place very much
omg the best nuts by far , ever ! and the pistachio butter is so good its surreal !
blue star is hands down the best donut in portland . blueberry bourbon basil is a must try !
fantastic beer , wonderul ambience , and lovely owners workers . i love beer , shawn , alex , and rob . you won't be disappointed .
food is awesome there were so many flavors my favorite is the garlic naan and the food came so fast .
tasty pastries ! everything is fresh and the customer service is happy to help . good coffee too !
that was incredible . hats off to b and the team for an unforgettable experience . i'm so happy
solid choice for a quick meal thats tasty and filling , they're open late and not too expensive .
amazing service . professional , kind and respectful . this place is legit . highly recommended .
moved me twice , professional ans above all prompt and honest . no damages , on time , seem less move
at this time of year , max's is a winner w that patio and all that action in the sun !
this place is freaking awesome . food came out really fast and everything was good . don't miss it .
food was good . ouster good taste . bar was good . but service a little slow .
put stars coz they replied right away on my question , havent bought anything yet .
the only place ill get my flowers from . linda is wonderful !
i get this food delivered to me and it is delicious . i love mexican food and this hits the spot .
best frozen yogurt i've ever tasted , delivery is always on time and plentiful toppings !
todd and his crew did a great job staining my fence . the process was fast and really straight forward !
great drinks . good food . chill staff . the perfect way to start your sunday . larger parties . no worries
delicious and healthy ! everytime there is a new combination to try , a different mezze to taste . love this place !
exceptional service and fantastic view only if you are lucky enough to find a seat on patio
albena has been cutting my hair for years and she always does an excellent job ! i highly recommend her !
thank you chris ! most excellent professional customer service ! truly makes us want to come back !
good food at a reasonable price ! place smelled a little funny , though . ! better ventilation maybe ?
the coffee is way better since it chaged from being haven ! there is outdoor seating when it's nice out btw .
dr kavanaugh was brilliantly capable and caring . couldn't recommend her more .
amazing food , awesome staff . boston cream french toast made my eyes roll back .
this places had great food and serves bottled water complementary , garlic naan was fresh and hot with loads of garlic .
mango with sticky rice ! friendly owners that know how to cook thai ! will be back !
great food , lots of variety , quick service , great idea , reasonable prices ! i'm in !
great place . used to be a safeway store back in the time ! the carry stevia natural drinks ie kombucha
my favorite bubble tea place in usa ! recommend their golden oolong milk tea both hot and iced !
great tour dog friendly . very pleased .
lizzy is awesome ! she works with my unique challenges and inability to lay flat for long .
great place ! atmosphere awesome , food great and beer selection even better . great decor and nicest bathrooms ever lol
we have been using aa d for years . alvin is honest and careful . i highly recommend .
amazing . very good fresh local food , great service . support this place , you won't be disappointed .
great place now in my top of austin brew pubs , a close second to pinthouse .
best fish tacos in boston . 'nuff said . should be a must try on everyone's taco taste list .
coffee is amazing juices are refreshing and unique workers are friendly and passionate must try !
damn this place is delicious . portions are hardy , and prices are reasonable . hihgly recommended .
support local artisans ! good gifting ideas ! not degrees . turkey legs , if you're so inclined . that's all . d
friendly staff , lightning fast work at a good price . they had me out the door in minutes !
unbelievable fresh tangy crystalline perfection with just the right amount of slushiness .
great sushi and fast easy safe pick up . loved the green roll , samurai and sunset roll !
absolutelly delicious menu , nice atmosphere inside and friendly staff makes for an a experience .
been coming here for years ! betty and cindy are the best ! everyone here is fantastic !
great food . super fast service . actually craving it again .
this is my favorite go to when i want tofu soup .
love this place particularly because they serve crispin cider on tap . great food particularly the pizza .
months later and we're still talking about it . getting a gift certificate for the fella's parents' anniversary .
they have very nice specialty pizzas and desert . i would recommend giving them all a try !
very nice atmosphere . food was good . bar menu a little lacking . wine was excellent . will definitely be back
great place for wifi and a coffee near the canada line .
great place with traditional chinese food . the auntie is very friendly , the food is great . recommended
great place to grab drinks with friends after work . i love their sangria . will definitely be returning !
great customer service olivier was the best at the front desk . rooms real nice and clean .
love malika ! i've been coming for years , never a long wait and always satisfied . you won't be disappointed .
no electricity , but great salad . even amish restraunts have electricity . the salad is awesome though .
awesome atmosphere in a great location . really good and creative drinks that are priced for that part of town .
great drinks and snacks . really liked the pdx sour and tuna sandwich . very chill vibe
fresh and good quality food ! the steak taste so good and tender . personally think it's better than brazil grill
i had the buffett . delish selection . friendly service excellent atmosphere . felt like home
love this place . soooo much fun . feel like family . great food ! call ahead to get on waiting list
wonderful . chicken masala is incredible , garlic naan and a dosa was reasonably priced all very good .
great value . great food . fast service . i eat here often and highly recommend it . authentic mexican and texmez food !
very good but super busy before the timbers game
love this place , always find a nice and unique items . staff is always very helpful and courteous
smaller portions , but the quality is there , more on the expensive side in terms of a sandwich
always a great time when kassie is behind the bar ! such a barbecutie , and always entertaining !
we had blackened salmon with salads , spinach , and greens . very tasty . staff was super friendly ! we will definitely be back !
everything good to say . professional , friendly , good value , clean and excellent food . will be back .
omg so good , the ramen and the chicken wings are the best in orlando . also great drink menu
just tried picasso pizza friday night . delivery was fast and the pizza was delicious ! however , the crust was soggy .
great food , wonderful service , fair prices ! the restaurant is also very roomy and has nice indoor and outdoor seating .
super chill , great food and unique drink options . loved it !
hooked on their four cheese pizza . delicious .
the apple fritter and coffee are incredible , a must stop place for anyone who loves delicious doughnuts !
great food , great service simply put . one of the best happy hours in boulder .
best pizza in town ! hands down . and we tried many of them . fresh , tasty and humble .
solid service , great prices , great broth !
the staff was amazing . the service was prompt and courteous ! my meal was delicious shrimp and pasta !
the food and alcohol is great here ! really nice customer service . tristine was a great server
always helpful , friendly and i enjoy the extra mile they always take to help with my shipping needs .
the food was awesome ! nothing bad to say about this place . try the pretzel appetizers . so yummy !
awesome store design and selection ! i loved everything i picked up at xylem !
such a treat . lovely high end atmosphere . stupendous service . great wine solection . the steaks are phenomenal .
ordered the grilled trout , and it was absolutely fabulous ! the sauteed mushrooms and rice were an excellent side too .
jayne and her colleagues are a delight . they produced delightful thanksgiving cut flower centerpieces for us . she's a star .
great vegan gumbo ! brandon played great s music and gave me a water bowl for my dog . i'd recommend .
excellent place to have breakfast . fast , friendly , home town cooking ! food was awesome ! first class !
mediterranean flatbread and mandarin orange lemonade vodka is fantastic option for vegetarian
great ethiopian food , very warm an cozy environment . worker are very friendly . recommended
food here is quite good . oysters and clam chowder makes a great meal any time in boston .
springtime is for lovers' walks through the arboretum , little doggies rolling in the grass , beautiful blooming flowers and picnics . sigh .
it's conveniently located on the westside . hardly any wait time . knowledgeable doctors nurses .
they got me in out of the service area prompt and very courteous .
really liked this venue when i played here . huge place and the chef was cool too !
outstanding pho and spring rolls along with excellent service . what's not to like about that for lake mary ?
great food . got the hot , equivalent to most places extreme ! be warned ! can't wait to go back !
nice little place good atmosphere not pricy i highly recommend getting the salmon breakfast
blackened chicken fajitas are my favorite dish hands down ! super fast service , never disappointed
smells and tastes delicious ! we got the fried chicken and it's was crunchy and moist ! perfect combo !
great food , good drink , with good prices for the area . service can be slow , but worth it .
highly recommend the wings and fish tacos ! the waitress was very friendly and great . probably the fastest service around
happy hour is a must . monday through thursday the appetizers are half off . get the cheese puffs !
quick and friendly ! great spot to get an inspection . what more can one say ?
modern and exciting area to eat , shop , and have a nice time . highly recommend the area but bring your wallet !
hole in a wall kind of place but best mexican food on winter park . always fresh !
last time i had a margherita this good i was in italy . quality is also very consistent . love it !
neila and nancy were terrific ! love this place !
great service every time we go . not to mention the food tastes amazing !
the city of chamblee is definately growing with businesses and great opportunities for employment .
loved the food . of course u have too get a shirt . when ur hear . its like the standard .
their pan seared scallop is amazing ! their wine selection is limited , but it has a decent kinds of beer .
pizza isn't half bad . good price for what you get . bar was clean . great local joint and a nice patio .
great authentic food . love the chicken tikki masala ! staff is also very friendly and helpful .
place is nice . food is good . prices are too high for me . i'm guessing it's the location .
bonnie is a great esthetician and she definitely knows her stuff ! i felt comfortable and in good hands with her !
when i need something quick and cheap . wow what a amazing experience food drugs clothes
i've tried a few flavors that are good but my usual is the raspberry lime pop . never fails to disappoint
very under rated . awesome meat lover's , definitely spicy !
excellent ambience , food , and service . amazing experience ! joanna was super amazing and we may even come back tomorrow night .
cheap beer , good selection , nice helpful staff . walking distance to my apartment , what more could you ask for ?
nice people interesting neighborhood good coffee at good price sidewalk seating plenty of room inside
excellent cupcakes moist , fluffy cake frosting isn't too sugary .
nice place to chill and enjoy good tea .
cool atmosphere and really good crafted cocktails .
yang rou chuan er is pretty good ! i found my hometown taste here
very fun night out . i would recommend to friends . it's inexpensive and decent . i love the board and card games .
this place get bought out ? because i remembered it being the best little restaurant not too long ago .
the truffle fries are amazing and a big portion . great burgers too . i really enjoyed the french one .
great time listening to gospel music and having a great meal . filled my stomach and my soul !
paddy's has the best beer selection and amazing cocktails ! go for lunch happy hour or dinner and you'll be satisfied !
great lunch stop . i got the pulled pork and it was wonderful , i'll definitely be back soon .
very good food ! more authentic mexican food with a slight tex mex flare . causal place and family friendly .
an amazing bowl of pho . delicious fresh flavors , really good noodles , great service , and not too pricy . i will return .
my favorite vegan ice cream spot in portland . rich flavors and a no fuss pay by the cup concept . clean , friendly , and delicious !
huts has good hamburgers and shakes . i like the wolf man jack and the crazy decorations . it's a fun spot .
good , fresh , fast , cheap eats . looks and feels like a fancy but it's just a very nice casual . perfect spot !
great place to get your car washed and vacuumed and pure wash recycles millions of gallons of water per year .
so freakin delicious that i crave it . the pork belly cubans and tuna are my favorites . love this place !
the crepes are soooo delicious ! love the sandwiches too ! great place to grab lunch and even have a working lunch !
! i recommend massage studio to everyone ! i'm a deep tissue client and all therapists there are great with that !
nice private rooms , free popcorn and good selection in songs . i've had good times here .
surprisingly good . old decorum . they do not take american express . better than in and out .
kimle did an amazing job on my eyebrows ! she is such a perfectionist . i love the way they turned out .
a real life version of borges' library of babel . enter at your own risk .
delicious and a great expierence ! easily worthy of a star review .
sean and paul are freaking awesome ! love them !
very good food . buffet is fresh and amazing . consistently good unlike other indian restaurants in orlando .
love the pizza and the staff ! great slice with great service . love that they are bringing life back to summerhill !
very fun bar with many unique drinks . great mood to take someone in a date . i would definitely return !
nate did a great job . service was great and attentive . food was tasty . worth the stop .
hot tamale , these tamales are good . pork , jalapeno and cheese , and chicken oh my !
service is incredible ask for oscar ! i had wine and the shrimp , scallops , and grits everything was so phenomenal
get yourself some sicilian pasta salad . it's awesome . my favorite thing there .
amazing coffee and matcha drinks . the drinks are prepared with care and pride . highly recommend this place .
best coffee around , and it comes with waffles ! this is my go to spot for breakfast on the weekends .
one of the best hamburgers in austin ! great onion rings ! awesome breakfast !
always a fan of the dollar tree especially when its time to shop for things i need around my house
this is actually , literally , the best place to watch a nba game .
great burgers , crispy fries , and incredible frappes . on top of that incredibly friendly people working there and a great ambiance .
amazing cafe , incredible flavors and variety . would come back again and again
love the pad thai with vegys and tofu ! extra spicy and extra limes !
a haiku review of le happy crepes and pbr . only in america . great place for a date .
worked with jerry and the team . they were quick to help , kept there word and very reasonable . would highly recommend
i've never had a bad flavor , texture , or bad service even when they're busy . great place to enjoy good food .
my favorite restaurant in dublin . consistently delicious , staff is so nice , fast service and always fresh .
thanks for the response . metrofresh was closed sunday afternoon . i am glad to hear that . thanks
great food , good service , hate the yelling !
delicious green salsa and great service ! great margarita prices as well . love the staff and the environment .
hands down a great experience touring the city of austin . totally worth the price and would do again !
the food tastes amazing . the fish melts in your mouth . make a reservation and you can skip the line !
yas ! same ol' , good ol' home slice pizza . wait was long , but that's the price you pay for good pizza .
wow first time here i'm impressed this food is amazing , customer service and prices excellent i highly recommend this restaurant .
best damn burgers ever ! local beef , lots of craft beers and cider ! on tap , relaxed rustic atmosphere .
ordered the falafel pita wrap delicious , fresh ingredients and generous portion size !
loved this place , such a pretty bright atmosphere and the staff was super great . will definitely be back .
amazing old style pub and reasonable prices , favorite place to go after work on friday afternoon !
marilyn was great ! excellent service and extremely friendly , i will definitely be back because of her . awesome !
great place and food . i wish i could find more locations in my area . the crab rangoon dip is amazing !
very good . creamy and flavor is there . cookie dough , cookies in cake batter and maple buttah walnut . friendly customer service .
very helpful with check in , very sweet and caring nurse doctor . no long wait . very thorough .
brilliant place . healthy food , perfect portion sizes and loved the vegan dessert
great service , food , and atmosphere . the fold is really simple and surprisingly tidy considering it's a bbq place .
the zakim bridge ? fine by me ! this is pretty much the sexiest bridge i've ever seen .
my family and i love this place . food is great and inexpensive . i just wish they were open on sundays .
such a cute place for photos ! love it ! people are super friendly !
guys , stop going to takoba mijos' is so much better . service is super slow though .
the food here is freshly made and my friends and i always get donuts here before going to the beach !
best congee i have tasted in a while . price is reasonable and there are plenty of other options
hey , it's dairy queen , not a steak joint ! like it better than wendy's or mcdonalds . burgers are always good here .
very pretty , water park for kids , tennis , tables , bathrooms , lots to do .
this is a great establishment . staff is friendly and my dog looks great when he comes home .
there whole grain pancakes are out of this world ! recommend this place for sure ! also , try the fresh squeezed oj
when does the bexley location open ? easton is always good now that they have stable ownership .
great beer , and the breakfast hand pie was out of this world ! will def be back .
really loved this restaurant . the food and shakes were fantastic and the service was excellent
seems to be the best place around for gabbing some lobster or seafood .
delish . best veggies ramen noodles . james loved his black pepper ramen not vegetarian . we'll return !
astounding that yelp only currently rates anis as . stars . fine by me i guess , a better kept secret .
big portions i usually can't finish an order , the pad thai is pretty good .
pedro , thank you so much for your professionalism , and honesty . i'm so happy my door is working again !
food was cooked perfectly ! accommodated my wife's allergy . one of the best meals i've had in a long time .
pleasant surprise . huge place . like how they implemented storage containers . big fan of the furniture options . great beer .
this winery is very accommodating . beautiful decorations . the staff was very informative as they pour great wine .
pretty damn good bloody marys . top tier in portland for sure !
mark and ben were great ! fixed my garbage disposal perfectly and quickly ! such nice honest people to work with !
excellent service while i waited . this gentleman replaced batteries and took out links for me . i highly recommend !
every time i go get my nails done surely i stop for my lemon pepper wings
great baked goods , bread , deserts . coffee is o . k . best black gold cookies in the world !
some really good pizza in the toco hills area . the price and daily specials make it a great bargain .
everyone is always helpful and speak english woohoo !
good food a good service . very tasty . we both had the beef pho , as usual . highly recommend .
authentic , fresh and fast . food was flavorful and real ! ? portions were good and great value for what you pay .
very helpful tracking down old records . ask for cassera .
totally dig the atmosphere . bartenders sucked and were super unfriendly , but the rooftop was the bees knees .
this place is weird but great for cheap construction supplies ,
this place is amazing ! delicious ice cream and love the design ! so many flavor options , excellent price !
love it ! the unique atmosphere , outdoor seating , and looong summer nights of patrons enjoying hookah and dessert . great summer spot .
amazing service . cute cookies with fun flavors that are fresh and delicious ! treat yourself or surprise someone . i love it !
i'm really impressed i got the ramen chicken bowl it's so good has lots of flavour ! would recommend
awesome and cheap breakfast tacos ! they open at am ! austin staple . clean and very friendly , hard working staff .
great customer service and really good food . this was great first exprience here and was still definitely a great find .
just boosting up their rating because they totally deserve it on the quality of food !
great food , really busy but food came out fast everything was amazing ! try the jalab its date juice rose water . amazing !
love the cowboy and fontina . salmon is yummy but very hot . wish they were open at night !
great service , great food . best caesar salad i have ever had . pulled pork sandwich was great . loved it !
cinnamon buns are the best . ask for xtra cream cheese to go !
laid back environment . bar tenders are attentive and passionate about the job . we got fantastic service .
great food . nice friendly service , charming ambient , fair prices . what's not to like .
great service , friendly staff , and clean facilities . always welcomed as you walk in . very happy !
this place has the perfect atmosphere to wash away the work day . and lots of great wine cocktails !
great flavor . i can't find any comparable in boston . i have eaten here for many times that i cant count .
really good sushi with a chill atmosphere . easily coming back whenever i get a craving for sushi .
enjoyed . lots of food . don't worry about getting full .
the food was delish and the people were so friendly . best thing tho , it is really cheap !
adriana and doc were great , helped us every step of the way !
great guys working there . awesome food . handcut fries are the best . it is authentic in a bowling alley .
great ambiance , love the honi honi and we also had calamari , which was absolutely amazing with flavor ! definitely a must !
my experience here was great ! the happy hour deals are amazing and i loved the homemade fries .
an amazing addition to a growing neighborhood which is getting more options for great food and now coffee .
awesome ! a real philly cheesesteak . drove all the way from orlando to get one will be back forsho !
awesome food , gigantic portions i can get meals out of one breakfast burrito friendly staff .
can buy something only exist there ! like waxy corn and small skilworm pupa which i like very much !
first experience there today . barber was david r . overall good experience . will return .
some of the best pad thai i've ever had . excellent prices and portion sizes . they are cash only , though .
super super helpful every time i have been needy , and awesome coffee ! a regular bike stop .
when you're broke and your girl is hungry , this is the place to eat . great restaurant !
tasteful wine selection . focus is on the food and wine . popular local place . cozy and warm atmosphere . authentic eats .
friendly service , delicious food , decent coffee , spacious , cute plants on the table .
amazing ! there food is so great ! i recommend any of the smothered dishes . most delicious gravy .
good portions , decently spicy bit salty as might be expected but very nice service and reasonable prices . worth stopping by .
amazingggggg ! loved it people are great and talented . also very affordable and timmy is awesomee
great seafood , lots of good grilled options , delicious maine lobster roll and good outdoor patio
great taco bell , fast , clean , easy to use . thanks for the friendly service .
love this place . the people are very friendly and accommodate changes in plans . thank you for the great service .
great vietnamese and super friendly staff . they always deliver in less than minutes . how do they do it ? !
portland has opened up the street to a fun outside eating experience . good service and excellent fresh seafood !
i love this place . new things all the time . fun to look around you never know what you'll find .
best burgers in town ! their chicken fried steak and mac n cheese wedge is also delicious . great service too !
the people here are so nice and helpful ! i really felt at peace and rest . thank you !
fantastic buffet , great service , good price . my son and i love to eat here ! come hungry !
the food here is fucking great and don't get me started with the mimosas ! best place to have brunch !
the outdoor deck is great . solid wings and gorgonzola fries . good beer selection with a rotating draft list . love it .
amazing bakery with great gluten free food . the pizza and other baked goods werr phenominal . staff is friendly .
it's a stars bakery , sweets are first , not to sweet pastry available , some sandwiches are very good
showed up close to closing on a weeknight . staff were very cheerful and accommodating . food was great ! and free parking !
definitely a hole in the wall but the food is very good and extremely reasonably priced .
there are no words for voodoo doughnut , it's really more something that you must experience !
great price , friendly staff who knows thier products . i'm glad they opened this store up in our area .
pastries are amazing ! love this place ! would fly to boston just to get a treat from mikes !
i love this place . wish it was bigger and has more but for what it's worth , it's a lovely market !
good grooming place . nice things they have to sell . leave your wallet somewhere not easy to reach !
probably the best experience i have ever had with a salon and stylist . i'm definitely going back !
great place to eat . my husband loves this place . he usually gets the calzone . clean , and friendly staff .
very convenient , very good food , good environment . very nice and gentle server which is a plus plus
love this practice , been going there my whole life . parking is easy , as is check in . i recommend .
i have nothing bad to say about the place or the food . i just wish they had a menu !
i visited michael yesterday for my first massage in years . a great experience all around !
best deli around as far as i know . crucial to good subs is the bread and it kicks ass here .
this is my new favorite restaurant ! everyone there is so friendly and the food is amazing !
pretty good ! chill vibe on a sunday night loved the red wine !
great haircut and warm and courteous serivce . i go every month .
perfect balance of umami , freshness , and skillful preparation . consistently high quality .
authentic chicago food in boston . doesn't get any better .
it was better before it was a soccer stadium . now it's just a place for women's sports .
my husband and i really enjoyed this restaurant . the lasagna was delicious ! very cool underground atmosphere and friendly staff !
the best breakfast taco i've ever had . please go , try , eat , and be stuffed !
food and atmosphere was really great . did all appetizers and everything was good but nachos were outstanding .
love the mac salad , yum ! huge portions . not needed but great for leftovers . busy place
this place is f . ing awesome ! you will enjoy whatever you order . spicy beef salad was the best well balanced delicious
my favorite chinese food place in town ! friendly service . i go there almost everyday .
beef pho is good to my standard . bar is nice . waitress in the front desk is not friendly
came here for my birthday one year . had baked grapefruit . good for events like that
cute place , good prices , delicious pad thai .
amalfi's has great service really kind workers . ordered delivery pizza cake which were both delicious .
good food , nice people . the lunch deal is great . and any place that serves goat is alright with me .
very comfortable seating , friendly staff , the largest small soda i've ever seen and clean . would certainly return here !
everything i needed and then some !
perfect service , as usual . pro tech anne c . and trainee mike good job ! thank you .
great food . good atmosphere . get there early typically a long wait . usually worth it .
interesting menu . huge portions . fun place in nice neighborhood . line up wayyyyy too long .
fast helpful service . the food was fresh and tasty . i recommend coming to this restaurant .
jackie was terrific . great recommendations on food choices , friendly attitude , and wonderful conversation . thank you jackie , we will be back !
great bread and fillings . nothing beats an awesome sandwich ! got the turkey bacon avocado on wheat and it didn't disappoint .
stopped by to make copies for some documents i had . very friendly and helpful folks ! appreciate the terrific service !
one of my favorite austin happy hours ! love this spot . great cocktails and small plates .
the service was great and the employees were very nice ! their pancakes are so good ! honestly would go back !
best irish pub food in town avoid the shepard's pie , though . great pub trivia . mick . 'nuff said .
quick , friendly , and you don't feel like they're talking down to you . overall very satisfied .
second time here for lunch . excellent lobster ravioli . yummy sauce ! great atmosphere .
some nice crafted beers favorite was the hopslosion . enoyed the crab cake and fish chips . would visit again .
healthy , fresh produce , delicious bakery pre made meals , beautiful flowers . shopping here is calming .
i love this place ! diane and jess are my favorite ! ask for them and you'll never be disappointed !
i finally tried something new and had the burger melt today . it was killer ! sooo good ! perfection !
loved this place . the shops were expensive but some cute things that were affordable . clean with catchy entertainment . great restaurants !
nice and courteous staff .
just an update you are still awesome . great prices , quality meat . sweetest staff . you rule .
consistently the best espresso i've had in boston . if that's what you want you'll be very happy here
t payne made me the best teachers pet ever ! this place blows all sub shops outta the water .
great bank for landlords of apts ! they help with refinances . also good customer service for checking accts
get the salty fish chicken fried rice from the chinese menu !
ok this man can make a pizza ! and at a decent price considering the high quality ! so delicious !
this place is at the top end of our price range , but it's delicious ! the truffle fries are absolute perfection .
if you eat here order the rainbow roll or the spicy girl roll . they are both delicious .
northwest steelhead in parmesean bacon crust with rice pilaf and grilled asparagus . . omg ! to die for .
i come here almost everday for lunch . they are quick and friendly and get my order right .
we work across the road with apple spice , this place is soooooo good , their sourdough sandwich is so delicious !
wonderful place , with delicious food . across from art museum . a neighborhood gem .
great food and service ! just not a good location to get to easily !
the service was fantastic and staff were excellent ! highly recommend !
first lobsta roll experience success ! so yummy . the bread is soo good and the lobster is fresh af .
solid wash . i've yet to have the interior done , but the exterior wash was done well . pretty quick process .
the food is great and have lots of various food and my gay cousins love this place especially fernando
rose and lychee macaron are really good , thumb ups for being all natural
cozy , never too crowded , free atari , nice barstaff . can't go wrong .
too expensive . paid fit the deluxe acai bowl and was not even remotely satisfied . it did taste great though
tasty foods , reasonable price , and friendly waitress . i love it .
a poke bowl is something you can't get wrong with it . simple refreshing and more importantly nutritious .
tucker the stinky hound came out happy and smelling amazing !
used them again . perfect experience . this is the move if you're heading from somerville medford area into logan .
amazing bakery . the cinnamon rolls are delicious . you won't even notice that it's gf df .
everything is good just a misunderstanding on what problem with machine was supersuds is number one in my book
really good place and good prices for high quality massages . very clean and easy booking too . tom was great .
great dog park ! large , well maintained and has a nice variety of terrain .
awesome food , awesome staff , nice vibes , chill music . food is farm fresh and was totally a unique experience !
have not been to the clarmont in awhile forgot how good it is . great steak
amazing penne pasta with chicken . sticky cookie for desert is to die for . great atmosphere and wonderful staff .
delicious ! tasty , flavorful , colorful and authentic . come hungry !
i love fred meyer . this is a really convienent location to me . staff memebers are always very curtious and friendly
absolutely great place for an easy going breakfast lunch ! loved the staff and food was excellent !
they were so helpful and kind putting together deli platters for a reception after a funeral would definitely recommend
friendly and knowledgeable employee ! very sweet drinks . we tried the original and extra both had a lemon zesty finish .
fast and efficient . easy to get in and out . nice area to wait . for your emission test .
got a delivery last night it was the great , quick delivery friendly service and good food
best dentist in the world ! great staff , quality environment . incredible dental care !
fantastic food great service friendly staff . will definitely go back . short ribs and papardelle doesn't get any better !
the atmosphere , food and service is excellent . staff are very friendly , and portions are just right !
lots of cool healthy snacks and foods . stop there to get a delicious healthy snack . and more .
great friendly service , great coffee and pastries . rachid is the man and is beloved in town !
our server was incredibly friendly , and the pizza was delicious ! they also have vegan mozzarella if you ask ! will return !
please pardon my poor use of spanish el guapo es muy bueno . it's just a really good interesting drink . get it .
i love atmosphere . almond croissant and wrap were tasty with my coffee . i always relax at this place
update company called me and apologized for the inconvenience and refunded my service fee from prior call .
great pretzels , good beer , good service . definitely enjoyed it and will probably stop by for pastries for breakfast this week !
ordered to go . fettuccini alfredo was solid and filling . will have to try the garlic knots next time .
this place was a very nice surprise . the food was delicious and did not disappoint . service was great . highly recommended .
great hibachi the chef was fun , the filet mignon tender , the shrimp were delicious and vegetables cooked to perfection !
amazing southern comfort food ! make sure you try all the sides they were to die for !
well stocked clean store . friendly employees .
im not a ny pizza guy . chicago is better but i enjoyed the pizza . i would go back again .
nice place for sushi in this area .
excellent breakfast ! clean , healthy keto friendly . thanks to sherry for preparing this perfect start to our day !
roosters is roosters ! stringtown is nice and food wings are good . waitresses are friendly . goid experience .
simoly sensational . everything from the empanadas to the sandwiches and the sweets .
always great food . when i am homesick that's where i get my puerto rican food great prices awesome portions
very short way awesome pulled pork slider and unbelievable cauliflower . great atmosphere id come back .
everything went smooth . did not represent himself as a reseller , but i was satisfied with the transaction .
yes , the pizza here is the real deal . huge ny style slices and pies . this native nyer approves .
great food , drinks , and corner appeal ! the perfect restaurant to stumble upon at our arrival into portland .
food here is the best outside brazil , great prices and atmosphere .
very nice contemporary furniture but a bit pricie
building is reallllllly small , pizza is god . customer service good . outdoor seating only
food was excellent ! it was plentiful and tasty . best hash browns i've ever had . definite must try !
quick repair . very nice people . great deal on groupon right now . will definitely use them again .
yum yum yum ! had the bowl with shrimp and it was great ! loved being able to use the drive thru .
good stuff ! great food and a nice ambiance ! definitely worth a try .
i like this place . make your own or buy one of theirs . quick pie brought to your table . thin crust .
hey , remember that time they delivered ? yeah . they do that now . update the king no longer delivers . so lame .
wonderful meeting room space . great audio equipment . nice carpets . small and intimate .
love it ! some parts of park need updating . staff is always friendly .
this place is awesome !
please make the lentil soup a staple on the menu . it is the best .
always a fun fab trip to blo domain ! love the staff , the head massage unite hair products
great vibe , great date night spot . the italian food truck is amazing . drinks were on point .
this is my go to spot for pho . i normally get number . quick service and pho is on point .
by far my most favorite food truck in downtown austin i suggest you try the plantains !
amazing food , great ambiance and solid staff . cash only but definitely worth it . love the local culture in north end .
great service and great food . had thr corned beef hash and eggs . my wife had eggs , pancakes , and orange juice .
cool place . bartender in detention bar was lovely . great coffee in the gift shop .
fantastic ! everything was really good and the staff more than willing to discuss ingredients .
tasty , reasonable prices , open late . massive bowls of soup .
great atmosphere , great food , great service ! very authentic russian style ! nostalgia soviet union is really rare to find !
best customer service , best food , best portions , and cleanest moe's i've ever been to
fast , efficient , arrived early . thumbs up ! professional , truck and gear in good condition .
loved the big chicken panini sandwich and blueberry yogurt smoothie . it has a funky , friendly cafe feel
great place ! happy hour , dog friendly patio and window seating if you like peoplewatching . fried rice is my favorite !
this is the best outback steakhouse in orlando . great atmosphere , great food and staff is unbelievably nice .
easy hwy access , in and out in a jiffy ! helpful staff when they're available . huge parking lot .
excellent service , quality , variety and value . a great neighborhood hangout with a welcoming staff
best filet i've had in years and perfect stoli elite cosmos . sitting down stairs was pretty cool too . cozy atmosphere .
it's hopping and bopping with patriotic fever . hall of presidents ! liberty tree tavern ! haunted mansion !
go here for the best seafood ! desserts were freshly made ! if you're in boston you gotta go !
love love this place and the crab legs are the best . our server kimmie is so helpful and friendly .
awesome flavors and juicy meats . say bye bye to jimmy jones , subway and quiznos .
fine bkfast , very fast and delicious . a bit pricey though . the servings were generous .
this is a must for anyone who likes breakfast ! warning ! lines can be long on weekends .
great movie man of steel love tightwad tuesdays
love this place . bring quarters for the meters and its cash only . love the cream of wheat !
great drive through coffee spot with fresh baked goods and other food goodies . try the tahini oat cookie !
they make a good cappuccino . that's all we had so .
sushi rolls delivery in central square yes ? sold ! it's good too . no joke . minus the chinese dishes that is .
fresh and tasty food . good service . you need debit or cash to pay though . try their vietnamese coffee too .
this place rocks ! every time i've eaten here , i'm always satisfied with their barbecue . the service is good and friendly .
there is nothing un yummy about this place . their sandwiches are delectable . a hidden gem . can't wait to go back !
great atmosphere . nice place to chill and unwind , and the baristas are all very friendly !
good crew responsive , knowledgeable honest . would definitely recommend . they take their guarantee program seriously .
cute little cafe . cinnamon milk chocolate was good and staff is really nice and helpful !
loved it . spice with the boil was great . enough for small only waitress . close to home ty .
great burgers . im a fan of the non beef options venison , buffalo , fish
fast . friendly . delicious . good portions . quality food . will definitely be a regular customer !
hosted a great mom's breakfast this am . fast and friendly service . good food . thanks !
delicious seasoned quiche and greens . great customer service . will be sure to return for more .
huge friendly operation . many bbq choices or one can order tastes of the entire carnivore menu . casual
they always have my items in stock and at a great price . staff is helpful and knowledgeable . always buy there
great casual vegan spot for a quick meal . pho was tasty and the lemongrass beef was excellent .
i ate here to begin my six week cleanse . that was a great decision .
never a bad bowl of pho in this place . oh , and wi fi for while you wait .
very cool place . could be better .
i usually do not eat breakfast but their blueberry croissant is now a must every morning !
don h . second looks has been around for years . so they have lasted
yes ! best pizza in town ! jon shaefer the manager is the shit !
had a breakfast dots dinner . it was really good . thank you all staff for yummy food .
big portions great fresh food , club sandwich with homemade potato salad they add mustard
was sent here through travelers . great customer service , fast , and my car looks good as new .
great breakfast deal and delicious bloody marys ! great go to on on a rainy sunday morning !
bruce and two newer employees are awesome ! what a change . fast , friendly and efficient !
stopped by today and bit into one of the breakfast sandwhich s . it was so good and hot spot !
ancient grains w avocado is a pretty good way to go . every dish was a winner
heart publix . clean , good service , just packed parking ! it's hectic yall !
really love the fruit teas here ! taste so fresh ! have tried grapefruit and red dragon fruit .
dreamsicles for days ! favorite drink ever for sure . the shark bite is also excellent .
great food . great beer selection . great service . great restaurant . the quality is palatable immediately . in atlanta again ? definitely going back !
nice place . rooms were clean , modern , and most rooms have little kitchenettes which are great for eating all those leftovers !
nice dining experience . delicious food and good service . recommend ! the shrimp dumplings are really delicious ! a
stars to volkswagen atlanta ! especially to ryan , rose , and seth ! kind and helpful in every way ! thank you team !
great food , wonderful atmosphere , very helpful staff , and loved the belly dancer
a very proper french restaurant in washington square . several different duck preparations , and very attentive service . a nice room , too !
friendly staff . didn't know they had baby classes here . a lot of options on baby gear .
delicious ! amazing smoothies and unique coffee flavors ! super close to the park and botanical gardens .
the best tiramisu ! my goodness ! light and fluffy and not too sweet . very tender meats , amazing sauces .
always a winner ! i've had multiple experiences with them and they are definitely a favorite .
they have salt and pepper squid ! . and that's all i need to know . all th food is amazing !
wild ginger is consistently great . really not a bad dish on the menu . best thai food south of boston .
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ! so ya really good . it's small and limited and not easy but worth your effort . highly recommend .
great service on the oil change . helpful staff provided a very detailed review of the caclean waiting area .
i enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was excellent . the steak was perfect and the sear was on point !
awesome food , and great beer selection ! this was our go to place after . and during , school .
cozy restaurant , food was excellent . the figs and prosciutto is a most have pizza , service was attentive .
the best steaks , roasts , and briskets at the best prices in town . orlando's best kept secret !
wish they had more tables to sit at but soooo goooood . i could eat here every night .
my coffee , mimosa , and omelette was great ! the bread basket was amazing ! i'd go back again !
probably my favorite coffee shop in brookline . their drip coffee is delicious and the owners are super friendly . highly recommend !
escobar is always a great spot late night especially . food is always always good . never disappointed .
the better place to vacation . i wwent and it was faboulous .
this was the best dumplings i ever had ! the veggie omg the sauce was amazing ! new favorite spot
this place is fantastic . oh man . i hate that it's so close to my apartment . i'm in love .
i always have a great time here . the atmosphere , music , service and drinks are awsome ! highly recommend .
great time ! got a beef bowl i think ? tasted great ! will come again . simple and easy experience , ambiance good !
fan coffee and baked goods ! grab a latte before a cruise through oakland cemetary on a nice day .
good place for authentic cajun food . only gripe ac was not working .
always enjoy the friendly staff and a clean ride ! thanks h o for your attention to detail .
i ordered the grilled salmon with hot sauce . it was divine . get the hush puppies . seriously .
always delicious and speedy service ! the pho and bang mi are so good . bubble tea not so great .
fun place if you can get a reservation . order the bread . so good . we will be returning .
cute spot in danvers ! i ordered the meatloaf sandwich and an iced coffee i was certainly not disappointed !
omg so good . chicken alfredo pizza . i will try everything here ! excellent customer service
really good food for reasonable price . always best option for a fast late night meal in the area
best pedicure in beaverton hands down . so professional and the massage is incredible !
this is probably my favourite sushi place in vancouver , the combo meal it's amazing !
excellent sauces and baby back ribs and chicken wings are good ! stay away from regular ribs too burnt .
solid quality . just plain good .
crown memorial center employees were very easy to work with , very thoughtful and caring . i highly recommend their services .
workers arrived on time , were polite , assessed and completed work , and left area clean . great job !
super yummy donuts and good drinks . cool atmosphere and good service . come with an empty stomach !
my favorite place to grab a beer ! trent is awesome ! he knows his stuff and makes us feel at home .
great little coffee shop with friendly service , coffee and tasty breakfast sandwiches .
amazing food , service and great night . celebrated our pregnancy and enjoying yummy food . shaunty was great ! she needs a raise !
chana masala is a must try ! can't get enough of it also make sure to get some nan as well !
great customer service delicious hot chicken ! nice atmosphere very quiet because everyone's chewing that delicious food !
omg ! it's amazing . worth your money . the pre show is just ok . buy the ticket online for cheaper . enjoy !
best chili cheese dog i ever had ! great shakes , friendly people , old school original decor . what's not to love ?
always great service and great pizza ! lunch special is a really good deal too ! pizza and salad . awesome !
very good cuban food from mofongo to cuban sandwiches this place rocks . great for breakfast sandwiches as well
try the bbq ribs only served on sundays or mondays , they are life changing ! drinks are really good too !
this place is committed to quality and owner continues to work out kinks that's been visible
my go to place for shrimp spring rolls . very good !
fresh , delicious , reasonably priced sushi in a strange mall like location .
the enchiladas , tempeh bbq , blue owl sour beer were delicious , would be willing to pay more for a larger plate .
good people , good music . some of the bartenders should keep their leftest views to themselves . i would go elsewhere .
been on food network and rightfully so since the donuts are so tasty .
cute clean friendly staff and best of all the tacos are authentic , cheap and delicious .
cozy place , very friendly , some parking lot , well decorated , free wifi , tea price was normal .
quality customer service from kind hearted people like katie keep me coming back ! thank you for your kindness !
excellent ! fresh ingredients , handmade noodles , it's just delicious . our go to for takeout !
super steakhouse , tolles essen und super service . einfach top . vorallem der dessert ist sehr zu empfehken .
hands down best chicken and waffles in the area . great place , definitely recommend ! i would visit again .
great place ! i went when i was weeks pregnant and the staff made me very comfortable ! would recommend .
always clean . great service . large dining area . very unlike the typical mcdonalds . i was just impressed . crazy . it's a mcdonalds !
stayed here . great service from start to finish . nice , affordable suite . buffet breakfast is worth the price . convenient location .
incredible selection of firearms with a knoweledgable staff that doesn't pressure you . everything from the affordable to the exotic .
delicious , fresh ice cream as many free samples are you would like good for kids and adults
thank you nicole knight for the beautiful haircut ! it's my favorite one in a long time !
great service and a great atmosphere . fried chicken was really bland ! i will return and try another dish !
great wee food cart . the kafta is excellent !
absolutely the best place for lunch in reading ! great service with awesome sandwiches and amazing fries !
simply delicious , the veggie tajine was outstanding ! definitely a must for vegetarians , loved every single dish of our meal
these guys are great . amazing attention to detail . great barber shop talk , and fair prices .
this is my favorite teriyaki place around ! their food is flavorful and so delicious , you won't regret eating here !
a great qdoba as long as you get the write staff otherwise then it's just an okay qdoba .
the best of vancouver . super food , outstanding service . no visit to vancouver is complete without dinner at bishop's
great live music and cj is awesome . they have excellent drink specials and the staff is a lot of fun .
great course , pool , and area for kids .
returned a foundation that i was wasn't really loving they returned it without any problem great customer service
friendly staff and great cocktails . cornhole and other games outside on the lawn with great scenery !
great service and great food ! the bread is banging , the steak was delightful and the desert was amazing
the mac' n chesse is unreal ! and great staff !
the best crepes i've ever had ! such a friendly guy that served us . so quick and reasonably priced !
great patio for outside dining and pups ! plus everything on the menu is super fresh snd delicious .
good stuff , went a couple of times while in the area .
the columbus library system is the best i've ever been to . it's a dream .
huge portions and cold beer . split the burrito blanco between two people and it was more than enough .
good pizza , reasonable prices , very friendly service . thanks josh !
i've had multiple waxes and spray tans here and they do a wonderful job ! highly recommend !
good , creative southern cuisine and nice wine list . i recommend them .
consistently tasteful , reasonably priced , innovated menu . my go to place to have a casual yet delicate dining experience with friends
i really liked the atmosphere there , they were very professional and i loved my hair after !
great long island iced teas , and a very inviting atmosphere ! will definitely be back soon !
very clean place . super friendly staff . car came out very clean . free vacuum . my new go to place .
great food , average service . except for the owner who seemed to do most of service that evening
kami kazi . love making the weekly stop in to grab some of the best cheese steaks around .
always a best bet . mens haircut cant be beat !
tenise and anthony at w kitchen are phenomenal ! smiling faces and great service ! thanks for everything !
went for lunch . good service and relatively friendly staff . tasty chicken shawarma .
great spot ! love the food ! great times ! always a great time everytime ! fridays saturdays and sundays are this best times !
the pollo asada tacos are a definite reason to stop in . they are always cleaning the place !
had to say the o toro and the wagyu melted in yours mouth . cocktails are severely subpar . ask for tina .
love the coconut curry extra extra spicy . the garlic naan is a must ! i can eat this everyday .
fast , good , safe cleaning method . nice folks and locally owned . super clean facility too
service was outstanding . the menu was very well constructed and the food was perfectly executed !
i had the bomb . com gyro and it lived up to its name . great favors and high quality ingredients .
high quality food . high quality service . and casks of ale on the counters . this man knows what he's doing .
sushi was very fresh , good atmosphere we definitely come back !
delicious veggie tempura light , crispy , flavorful . the alligator roll was no slouch either ! clean and airy restaurant , nice service .
keep putting out the sandwiches we all know and love and you'll keep getting stars .
these guys are amazing ! the price is right , service is great and car washed waxed with quality .
all the way from north carolina to have a carolina burger . bravo bless your heart , you nailed it !
great sushi , ambiance , service ! love the state rolls , miso soup tempura . lunch specials , daily deals , etc .
great service and better prices ! the cook made a special micky mouse pancake for my toddler !
love the place . always fresh . i like spicy food i recommend country basil padthai , drunken noodle
great atmosphere tonight with a wonderful waitress andrea . attentive to our needs . had lobster ravioli and caramel cappuccino . both delicious .
this is literally the best place in vancouver for burritos . i'm not even sure what makes them so delicious .
the sushi is always so fresh , even take out . hands down my boyfriend and i's favorite sushi place !
business dinner . great cocktails . delicious osso bucco . wow . attentive service . authentic neighborhood which is nice for walking around after dinner .
kimchi kitchen is korean casual style restrant . clean place good foods . but street parking .
this place blew my mind with deliciousness and the prices are insanely reasonable .
super helpful and forthright about everything . helpful in transferring my data when my old computer went kaput .
wasn't impressed by the look small hairs looks like i have half of the amount of lashes in corner
great place for date night or first date . great service and wonderful food
the sufi poet is the best wrap i've ever had in my life and i think about it every day
i get the best cuticle work done here , and the ladies are super friendly and sweet . my new favorite salon !
awesome food great place to go . i love the house special red snapper fillet shrimps with mushrooms off the hook !
great service and great food . convenient location near company . will be here for lunch on weekdays for lunch .
decent for delivery and they are usually always quick and food is hot . good house lo mean .
so sweet and so nice ! super clean and did an amazing gel manicure tips are cash only !
had an excellent stay here with my daughter and mother . staff was very friendly . highly recommend staying here
perfect for a refreshing beer after a long hike in boulder ! great , laid back environment and tasty beer . would go back !
great hot pot place ! large variety of selections , but most of all , the customer service deserves all the stars .
a step above most columbus hotels comfortable bed , updated decor , nice lobby bar area , but odd shaped bathrooms ?
i live in the building and enjoy the great staff and knowledge they have . and hey , it's in my basement .
we had beer , wings , nachos and bar bacon . it was decent and the service was good . nice sports bar environment .
we are so happy rainbow reopened ! the food is delicious and the service is always amazing .
borek borek borek . borek borek open late for . . borek .
some of the best margaritas and latin fusion you'll find anywhere . great drinks , food , service and ambiance .
so cool and so many different flavors ! love the prices too . great place to explore and experience china town !
best asian food this side of town . great service and excellent apple martini's . john and nicholas are great !
great place ! friendly staff and inviting clean atmosphere . awesome smoothies and avocado toast !
great pizza . great beer including some home brew selections . warm , welcoming atmosphere . what more could you want ?
i love this restaurant ! the chef makes fantastic food and the waitress is very nice ! i come here every week !
great location ! front desk staff professional and helpful . with complimentary water ! it was modern and nicely decorated , would stay again !
my favorite breakfast taco joint in the world ! muy delicious and the atmosphere is puro south austin .
love coming here . my feet have never looked or felt this good .
very friendly staff ! the bouquet they made for me was exactly what i needed ! love the flowers !
pure nails . taking easter to a whole new level ! i'll be back for memorial day . y'all should check this place out .
excellent roll and esp liked the lobster mac and cheese
excellent . well worth the drive . tacos , flautas , chicken tamales , chips and guacamole . yum !
best tiramisu i have ever eaten . the seafood special has more seafood than pasta . fantastic !
great place great food ! i live on the lake and appreciate the new waterfront ! hamburger and fries are delicious .
good value for money . probably the best breakfast i had in the atlanta area this week . the omelette was great .
good portion , fresh sushi , yummy tempura . good service too . it's family friendly and casual atmosphere
the taro buns are to die for . fluffy and sweet with good flavor . great selection of asian groceries as well .
love the place , the energy , the music . got the portland bowl , authentic , fresh , great presentation . i will return !
best place to fulfill your ice cream craving and you don't even have to get out of your car .
great vietnamese cuisine and friendly servers , going to come here all the time to relieve my pho urges .
fresh , excellent , delicious ! love the wraps , subs and chicken wings . santoro's never disappoints ! love this place
great for pajama brunch and bloody mary's ! also awesome for tuesday night tacos .
good service , food came out quickly and was delicious . the pancakes are huge ! great brunch with my squad .
fantastic pizza ! the clam and garlic is delicious .
fresh , tasty , well priced and friendly . always really good !
very nice venue home to the magic . very nice place for concerts
super clean ! always has some kind of deal on bottled drinks and candy .
pretty sweet pizza place , come visit if you're in cambridge . sooo good !
great beer , great service , great atmosphere ! the brewery is awesome ! definitely check this place out !
best coffee in town . can stop looking . if you are tired of sour coffee , you found your place .
bomb ass pizza . cool staff .
nice clean restaurant , good food and beer selections , nice relaxing and good music in the background and large portions
great place . food was outstanding ! jamie provided excellent service and made sure every thing was perfect .
salmon burger was well seasoned and tasty . the caesar salad was fresh even though it was near closing time .
fantastic greek salad . just add some chicken and or meat , and you will reach nirvana !
great coffee great beans to go too ! and fine baked goods . some surly staff , others great .
so awesome ! best customer service ever , despite being so packed and busy in degree weather .
we love the tacos here ! on tuesday's it get really busy but other than that it's great ! love the food .
first time trying the bulgogi beef with kimchi . wow , so delicious ! totally recommend it !
hidden gem off of granville beside the orpheum , reminds me of italy . fresh , authentic and delicious .
best coffee nudge i've ever had served up by some of the nicest bone structure i've ever seen .
i've always known him as big dick walking stick but i'm glad to see him here on yelp ?
chris had an awesome experience here today . the staff was professional and made him feel very comfortable .
madison did my eyebrows today . did an amazing job . super quick and knowledgeable ! cc
loved the coffee . i ordered an iced latte with coconut milk . would definitely return .
one of the closes slices to a new york pie anywhere outside of the great city of new york
this is the ultimate mans store . everything you need to get ready for the zombie apocalypse .
the food was absolutely fantastic . we were seated in the lower level and the ambiance was very pleasant .
tsa agents at the std line are very good professional polite for travelers ! patience was quite impressive ! good job !
had a great time . heard a lot of older song the men played . everyone was really nice great place
the chu chu rolls are to die for ! the staff super friendly and can answer any sushi questions .
the beer selection is great . with seasonal menu changes this place keeps you guessing and wanting more .
hands down the best sushi i've experienced . it's truly an experience . the flavors are really unique .
best company i've ever delt with . customer service was amazing and the work was top notch ! great job bathart !
i skate here all the time . a great , well maintained rink with a friendly staff .
i never had any troubles . i have been going there for a long time . stop whining .
i always get there crispy roasted duck and house fried rice . yummy but lately it's a little greasy for me .
reasonably priced and they have vegan sushi options !
shojonator with shadowless fries was amazing ! service was great as well . definitely recommend going if you're in the area !
alex was amazing ! best breakfast spot in altamonte springs fl . quality is definitely here !
great service , awesome products , definitely a neighborhood favorite . plus a free sundae on your birthday !
comfort vegan food at it's best ! good selection of house made kombucha too .
best place ever to have a bagel . a lot of flavors , a lot of choices . love it !
excellent bar , excellent staff , excellent food . they do everything right at this place . best bar in gastown !
very good pho . i would recommend it . the service is very fast . the food is authentic vietnamese cuisine .
we love this place . service at lunch is fast despite the crowds . a great local spot !
pretty good vegan chinese . i swear their vegetarian lemon chicken had fake fat . it was so realistic .
love this place ! food is really yummy , also the ambience
good quality food here with fast service ! i got the poke burrito with hawaiian marinated salmon yum !
came here twice for the best beef bourguignon , it is amazing . a cheap price for authentic french taste !
best japanese restaurant i have ever been to . amazing food . if you love sushi , you need to try this place .
we went in right before the covid disaster , our service was great and the cupcakes were delicious as always .
i wonder how many times i can review the same place before someone notices .
authentic tacos ! absolutely delicious and fresh ! i had the chicken tinga , al pastor carne asada !
the absolute best place in woburn by far ! love the food , drinks and the service is amazing !
love the lamb chops with mint jelly and the caipirinhas . great place to enjoy with friends .
fairly cheap and great falafel wrap . not many vegetarian options , but wasn't expecting that given that it's greek .
love the smoked wings with white bbq sauce . the sides are awesome too ! fox a roni and collards are amazing .
awesome and affordable meal . burritos are fresh and delicious !
amazing pho ! if you're craving a pho fixing , this is a great spot . reasonably priced as well .
love the matcha . love the cafe vibes . i wish they had more plugs but its still a favorite .
food was good and cheap , good sized portions . employees were polite and helpful . definitely a take out place only though .
normal mall prices , great staff , and bogo deals . a lot like pacsun except they have a skateboard shop .
convenient , good variety , affordable hard to beat for a school cafeteria
get the punch card and get your tenth one free !
great gastropub close to my overnight stay in atl . the burger was to die for plus so many tempting appetizers .
awesome atmosphere awesome food people are very friendly and the service is truly awesome i will be back
beautiful job love my nails ! they also do eyelashes and brow tinting can't wait to come back for that
espresso machiatto served perfectly . thankfully found an open seat , because this place is always packed .
good burger , even better beer strange land , and friendly staff . nothing crazy special , just a legit burger place .
very great food . i think it is the best chinese cantonese food in boston chinatown . much better than othes
beautiful work from local artists at great prices . they offer open studio too in a very lovely space .
excellent central american food and wonderful service . always a delight and enjoyment .
very nice place to enjoyed real food from naples italy and the service excellent . i love it
i love this place ! i've gotten my brows and legs waxed and brazillian sugaring and they did a great job .
great addition to the neighborhood ! great menu and prices . service mixed but all very positive . raw oysters great and good price .
super friendly staff and awesome ice cream ! definitely a must when visiting portland !
awesome eats , great coffee , comfy seating . warm friendly staff ! breakfast cereal bar !
great place to dine ! traditional southern food . the turnip greens pot licker and cornbread was my favorite
sula is by far the best indian in vancouver . i love the friendly staff and the amazing food .
delicious sandwiches , great customer service . i order take out probably once a week is that solid of a sandwich .
food is great and cheap . i love this place ! breakfast are filling , and did i mention cheap .
atmosphere subdued yet comfortable . service friendly , professional , and attentive . food delicious !
stopped in for a quick lunch . food was great . homemade chips were fantastic . havana wrap was delicious .
affordable and friendly . maureen is the best ! i love this salon and would highly recommend for anyone in the neighborhood .
everything's good ! fun atmosphere , great service and delish food . one of the best bbq spots in atl !
i am sooooo sad this place has closed . now where will i get cheap beer during lunch hour ?
we just left there , amazing food and fantastic , friendly service . you will not be sorry , your tummy will love you .
great thai and friendly people . reasonable prices too . good curries and stir fries especially !
great coffee , great sandwiches , great family friendly atmosphere . we love it ! options for nearly every diet preference as well .
i've been going to dots diner for years . never had a bad meal ! the absolute best biscuits and gravy .
first time at zoe's . food and service were great . very reasonable prices . i'd return .
perfect and high quality ingredients . home made food are awesome . the decoration is great .
great food . great service . been to boston too . i love the north end location too . will be back soon !
best best coffee and super great staff plus i love supporting a local family business .
fantastic menu options , good beer options , great service food , and prices were extremely fair
aj and edward were knowledgable and informative . great central location , great ambiance .
great service , consistent food . i love the mahi mahi fish tacos , pork verde is amazing as well !
great service . excellent sushi with fresh ingredients . would recommend the spicy red dragon maki .
food was amazing . my mother was so impressed that she has dubbed this her new favorite for authentic mexican food .
i love corkscrew , the owner is so kind , the atmosphere is great , and the tapas are delish !
good beer selection , fantastic brunch , huge portions .
one of our favorite restaurants . great beer selection . the sausage is amazing . lots of seating . great environment .
chrystina was fantastic ! personable , professional and left my lashes looking full and fluffy !
love going here when i'm in portland ! great options for a gf df gal like me .
quality and professional work ! i love my new screened in porch .
we've been taking our dogs here for years . they are the best ! great service . great prices .
sushi is delicious , the hibachi chefs are entertaining , the cooked food is great and the ambiance inside was cozy .
the best lobster roll i've ever had until after tried neptune , luke's , yankee lobster , pauli's , etc .
great service . great coffee . nice , quiet little coffee shop . i would definitely return on my next visit .
fair prices , very helpful and phenomenal customer service . i'm a lifelong customer now ! thanks , jeff !
ahhhhhhmazingly delicious ! any kind of crepe you could imagine . they have savory and sweet crepes paired with fresh smoothies . yum !
glad to have found this in our hotel lobby . great pizza , definitely going back next time we're in the area .
super nice people ! great sheesha and laid back atmosphere . would definitely visit again .
great service today . bought two shirts and two ties . everyone one i dealt with on staff was super helpful .
great food ! especially spinach malai kofta is just awesome . definately going back n recommending other friends too !
my mexican . greats cheese enchiladas and chicken . owners is a pretty good dude . enjoy !
love this place . great cocktails , appetizers and amazing music . dj playing chill vinyl at the end of the bar !
bit over priced , but considering the rent that they have to pay for the place , it is justifiable .
came here thinking they had jerky but it's more for refrigerated smoked meats . well priced and friendly staff .
food recommendation salt and pepper spare ribs chicken . hands down , one of the best places to eat this dish in town .
always a treat to try something new with the various selections of breakfast . never disappointed .
great empanadas ! chicken is my favorite ! new management at this place their new name is pending ! but theyre open !
amazing food . great service . best scallops i have ever tasted . cool bar . great location . love this place .
been here a few times . wasn't over the top exceptional , but never a bad experience and always a reliable experience .
great place with experienced barbers and stylist . elys is awesome .
great pizza and gordon the bartender was fantastic !
angel was great and very polite . he did a wonderful job . car looked brand new when he finished .
design your dream salad ! love this place on all levels . fresh salads , nice staff , and cool atmosphere !
try the spicy pasta with tropical sauce and black beans on the side . you can thank me later !
dr . holmgren is a great vet . trustworthy man .
probably my favorite ramen in portland ! i got the shio abu with soft boiled egg , it was too good .
best hands down all the way around ! service food , very enjoyable environment and food was amazing !
nice cafe and the sandwiches are top notch . the location is not great .
i like this restaurant nice and clean also sushi fresh and the chinese food is excellent , the service very nice .
yet another great experience at clean puppy this weekend . thank you stephanie !
nice ice creams . store is dirty though . age old dust and stains everywhere . needs a good cleaning .
it's great to support a local business that has great pizza . there crust is always tastes fresh .
very professional , knowledgeable , and willing to go the distance to get the job done right .
great customer service , fantastic experience getting pants tailored the exact way i like them .
avocado smoosh toast snack for breakfast . the salmon tasted so fresh . cappuccino was a good size , too .
lovely place , liege waffles were soft and chewy as it should be , owner is pleasant . fine tea selection , strawberry and apple was my favorite
great i think this people serves the best wings ! order grilled n really spicy ones .
great staff and management ! my new favorite place to stop in austin and play at .
highly recommended ! they have great mani peddie's at a great price !
this place is amazing ! a little pricey , and long waits , but it doesnt stop me from going back .
amazing accommodating staff . very professional and helpful . wonderful with both kids and adults
love it . yummy tapas , good sized portions , and cheaper than i expected .
different names . same drinks . cool vibe to this place , great choices of whiskey . outdoor seating for those nice days nights
i'm officially addicted to this place . the breakfast is awesome . dinner is even better ! quality food and service . i'm in !
i was transported back to europe with the tang of the cheeses ! oh lovely !
stephanie is the best barber i've ever had . she is a great listener and always gives me an awesome cut .
i come here for malaysian food which is great . sushi is pretty good but their curries are just amazing .
great addition to the neighborhood ! amazing sandwiches , plus they come with fantastic chips and a pickle spear ? i'm sold .
this is the place where all your salad dreams will come true . healthy eating , salidified .
mac cheese is where it's at ! portions are huge , but delicious . prepare to walk away stuffed !
i really like this place , love their curries inside the coconut shells
awesome food ! bartenders were attentive and very friendly . we will be back . just wish weekends it was open for lunch .
amazing place , absolutely unbelievable toast and they made me the best latte i've ever had !
i love coming by here for breakfast tacos the staff here are so friendly and always make my day !
amazing food i always get the fried tofu pho with extra tofu but really poor and slow service
excellent food with incredible flavors beautifully presented ! very friendly staff ! simple , quaint neighborhood restaurant .
there's not much to say about franklin that hasn't already been said . it lives up to the the hype .
we had a great dinner here with a group of . delicious cocktails , incredible food , terrific service . highly recommend !
nice atmosphere with traditional jazz music for ambiance . iced cappuccino is delicious . pastries are tasty . two thumbs up .
this is the best sushi ever ! coming from miami , so for one of my favorite place of sushi !
food is great , served quickly . service is friendly and personable . loved it ! got the italian sub with chips . delicious !
great food , general tso is not so bad . pho is great . love the fact it has a drive through !
if god existed , she would be a woman , and sway's tom kha gai would spurt from her breasts .
i trust jack completely with anything he recommends . i have never been disappointed . he knows best ! highly recommend
staff is always friendly . food has been consistently good . can't find a meal like that at a cheaper price .
love this place , got my treatment with twila tucket , she is awesome , pay attention to detail . thanks
food and service are both amazing . best late night food in orlando . the mamas triple meet salad is on point !
with no further details and explanation about the experience . blah blah blah . easy , fast and always good .
great sandwich shop , a little expensive but very fresh and funky vibe !
the slider is so juicy its like cotton candy . so good this food is great try it and rate it
very good service , sushi was excellent weekend specials unbelievable highly recommended
what a lovely experience ! the office is beautifully appointed and welcoming along with the staff . i highly recommend it ! rose
fast reliable friendly service good middle eastern food what is there to dislike ?
this place is delicious , period . love the vibe and the owners , they're so fun and sweet !
try the dry hot pot . ! if spicy is your thing .
the chicago dog was dope . chili and fries were simple but hit the spot . staff was friendly !
best pizza i've ever had . literally crave it . toppings galore made from quality real ingredients . guaranteed to love .
my first time h mart and i am excited to go back . huge variety and new things to try
love this place ! dog friendly , staff is helpful , food is amazing . we go here every time we are in portland .
prompt and efficient service by friendly folks . the food came quickly and they were very attentive .
if you want an authentic pasta place , this would be it ! it's better than olive garden . my favorite jambalaya !
great little quick place to get a quick snack and a cappuccino !
i have worked with them thru the chamber of commerce for a year now and would definitely recommend their service .
good service and asked if i needed help upon entering . love the selection of le creuset cookware .
love fresh kitchen ! the bowls are huge ! i love everything ! we get carry out for dinner all the time .
great biscuit , eggs grits ! had a taste for some southern cuisine left a very happy customer .
good pizza and ice cream . very interesting selection of rather unusual but good beers
its great for walking but once you walk a lot it gets tiring . and also there isn't enough restrooms
great place ! fast ordering . even a shakes that you can add alcohol to . really happy with my experience .
im a big fan . have been for years . get the super steak .
had the oxtail and potatoes tonight and my mind was blown ! super savory and perfectly seasoned !
fresh baked churros daily ! mexican food is delish too , with a wide array of products at great prices !
excellent food , nice place , decent service . i'd give it five stars if the prices were about lower .
love this place . i go here for all my business lunches . love the interior . very comforting . i always order
spectacular . freshest fish i've had in austin . we got rolls and each one was perfection .
tasty and fresh home style burgers . you add the condiments yourself . the burger sauce is great . friendly staff !
you can serve me your delicious dishes anytime
best mexican restraunt ever ! the food is not salty and its all freash ! the chips and salsa are amazing !
i love jeremiah's in general , and this location is no exception . i highly recommend the salted caramel with vanilla !
always a great experience and lorrell is the best . she is professional and knowledgeable and always makes me feel better .
great wings and porch area . i would recommend wings , cheesesteak , buffalo chicken , and cobb salad . service is always friendly !
diane's restaurant does not disappoint . it's in my 'hood , and always good !
showed early for the food get the salmon . stayed late for the fun .
great island atmosphere . excellent service . the drinks definitely pack a punch ! and let's not forget the awesome food !
best pork ribs and coleslaw in texas !
janes is responsive , resourceful and affordable . i would definitely recommend his work to anyone . .
he best thai foods i haven't eat for a long time
loved this venue to watch lots of football . great layout , big tvs , food was good but not remarkable .
they aren't kidding when they say 'superior sandwiches ! the shakes are awesome as well . friendly and efficient staff .
favorite pub in boston ! great atmosphere , cold beer , and a fantastic irish breakfast .
the best chole bhature in town . absolutely loved it . the service could have been better though .
come here for lunch often . the seafood bread bowl us amazing ! and can't forget the french fries done in truffle oil !
eat this tofu scramble . even if you aren't vegan , even if you normally eat eggs , just do it . thank you .
really good chinese love how fast they can get the take out orders done . so convenient and yummy !
came in again to try some different drinks and pizza . as always , everything was great and our server was outstanding .
steak is delicious . very retro old school decor . parking is a little tight . overall a good meal .
nice hole in the wall , down to earth mexican joint . nothing special here but the food !
this is my favorite bar on the east side ! great atmosphere reasonable prices . super chill vibe . good food too !
great food . great drinks . great ambiance . a must go to place when in atlanta . the waitress was amazing .
great vietnamese food and great service . best salad rolls and sandwiches in new westminster . thanks for the great food !
great take away ! they really understand the importance of my no dairy requests ! . just wish they did delivery !
location is easily accessible . i highly recommend working with greg for personal training !
so much creativity in these delicious and beautiful dishes . the atmosphere can't be beat .
i love this place . delicious , cheap , friendly , neighborhood y , fresh veggies . perfection .
this was good ! their own version of things but i'd never tried turkish . the hummus was great .
awesome pho . love there thirfty thursday deal . reasonable prices . simple decor . friendly staff .
great food and a good atmosphere . service was a little weak but the food was awesome !
the vanilla latte was magnificent . charlie , our server , was very attentive and has a great personality . i'll definitely be back .
great rates , excellent service and convienent pick up and drop off at the airport terminal !
rick and his team are solid from design to delivery . my marketing stickers were flawless and ready faster than projected .
ooo wee , i had the mac daddy and fries , shauna had the wings . everything was great !
the goodfella was very tasty . i would definitely go back to check out the other sandwiches on the menu .
their website says they are closed for takeout and delivery during covid .
food was served in a unique way on a table bowl , chicken was unique , ambiance was nice
very excellent food . service was really quick and good as well . parking nearby . really enjoyed the atmosphere .
absolutely love this place ! awesome atmosphere , kinda loud but food is epic . definitely will return soon .
great food you can tell it's made to order . great place to listen to music while waiting . very informative servers .
awesome place and atmosphere . most of very delicious . great variety of topping . will be back again
the chicken and waffle are amazing ! they put bacon in their waffles ! giant portions too !
if you want delicious popcorn in flavors that please the whole family , then be sure to check out popcorn palooza !
simply the best donuts we've ever had ! we drive half way across the state to get these donuts !
great salads and fresh ingreeds . i go after rush hours to avoid the crowds .
great performance very knowledgeable staff not very expensive . i would definatly keep coming here in the future
awesme place . just like we wanted to go . pure vegetarian . ! loved d food . worth cumin to try it urself .
we had the course tasting menu two regular and one vegetarian . absolutely worth every cent .
great atmosphere , service and food . i ordered the catfish and bean soup . it was great .
this place has great rajma chaawal beans and rice . also try their momos and karela bitter gourd . yummy !
food delicious . drinks strong . decor very shabby chic . bill agreeable with our budget .
excellent crispy slices , boulder beer co . on tap , friendly , helpful staff . a winner .
rivals nyc chinese food ! the moo shi chicken was delicious ! and my toddler actually ate the tofu
love this place ! sanford character serving organic eggs and the best biscuits and gravy . new fav bfast place !
the food was great but the service needs a little personality added . more communication would make it a lot nicer .
the shwarma plate is awesome . the baklava is even better .
we had dinner there last night . small place great service and great food . the salads and pizza are shareable sizes .
i posted on wrong restaurant . can't figure out how to delete the post altogether .
their sizzling red snapper with spicy tamarind sauce is heavenly ! also try their roast duck and green curry chicken .
great service very prompt and easy to reschedule if necessary very professional bug problem is eliminated i would highly recommend
updated review sonia was apologetic in this situation and the issue was rectified .
great selection of flavors and toppings ! always clean and the staff is always friendly .
lots of food , great hibachi , and great service . i wish the sushi chef would speak more english though .
great service and amazing drinks ! way better than going to starbucks or dunkin donuts
fancy , and good pasta . staff is sooo nice and friendly . one of my favorite italian place at north end .
love this place ! the broths are delicious . excellent comfort food , especially on a chilly day .
nicest baristas and amazing coffee . great vibe . great message . super tiny , so not easy for big groups .
hands down one of the best places to get brunch ! thank you theresa for all your help
good people and good food . love the owner many years in portland . a true original .
best salon in austin . javier gives an amazing haircut . love the hand massage and the special treatments . everything smells devine
pretty good food . prices a reasonable . service for dinner was quick , but dessert took a while .
c
great food and good prices , this is one of the healthiee breakfast options out there . their breakfast burrito is great .
it would be a challenge to find a better professional masseuse in portland . service was thorough and effective .
i absolutely love there massages . i drive mins to an hour just to get massages there !
awesome place . i love the drinks , the cool and relaxing atmosphere , and the great service .
unique burgers ! if you want a different burger experience , here's the place to go . pricey , but a fun experience .
eat bite was an morsel of happiness . so much flavor ! simple location with clean and good value !
louanne is amazing ! she's so pleasant and fun to talk to . i'll definitely use public storage from now on !
ribs were great . sides were decent . i'll be going back for sure .
delicious shawarma . the dinner plate fills me for lunch and dinner . i like the lamb one the best !
liking the new and exceptionally large location in circle c . their tacos are good and patio time is always welcomed .
great food , atmosphere , and quick service . love that there are pictures of every entree . good idea .
wish i was at the winter olympics , at least i got to see the touch when it was lit .
awesome ! i love this place and can't wait to go back soon .
great brazilian food by a brazilian ! eat your meet with rice and beans ! i recommend !
food here is really good , have had belgian waffles , eggs benedict , and salmon ciabatta all really good
my top favorite restaurants . always great and never had a bad experience at least a dozen times .
i love the popover lady ! i always make sure to buy one when i'm at the melrose farmers market !
good value if you order their set dinners . the food is good .
awesome decor and great vibe inside . the fish and chips is perfectly crispy and the steak frites is deliciously tart .
i've been coming here for the past couple of years . really good ramen and great service !
beautiful setting , especially at sunset . parking is a challenge , but worth the effort . wonderful desserts .
phenomenal cocktails and slick east van atmosphere . the cocktail menus rotates , so so enjoy your favourite while it lasts .
very tasty green hulk smoothie , with quite a refreshing ginger kick . reasonably priced at . . friendly service .
great cookies and good sandwiches . packed during lunch hour though .
good food , friendly servers , and a casual environment . definitely check out their seasonal specials !
they are expert at cooking meat over hardwood coals . i had the beef rib from the menu . it was delicious .
i like the fried rice and the orange chicken is pretty delicious .
great place . the food was delicious and the staff was very friendly . a must visit at the battery
friendly customer service and great garden options .
i love this place , their happy hour is great and the pecans from their pecan tree are delicious
great staff and reasonably priced . also a very trendy studio ! would highly recommend for a beginner
icon of austin that's what dan's burgers are cheyenne at the manchaca and ben white location my fave
the movers arrived on time . they were cordial and provided excellent service . would definitely recommend them for future moving needs
first timer . awesome surprise . fantastic meal . mahi mahi was very well done . wish i had one in my city .
been coming here for years . authentic , great service and food . favorite mexican in town . delicious margaritas .
best barbecue in new england . great service and wonderful products . prices are reasonable .
good buffalo wings . i love their extra pepperoni pizza with garlic !
great thin crust pizza with fresh ingredients and friendly staff !
i loved they way they protected the house while moving our couch in . they were very efficient .
wine tasting and happy hour are well worth your time . great people and wonderful wines .
love the crispy pad thai and the green curry . quick and good take out . haven't had a bad experience or dish !
good phone etiquette . i called and they were very respectful and informative .
quality food with amazing flavor and heat ! don't hesitate to try , it doesn't disappoint !
the service is great ! and the donuts are very tasty for this sweet tooth ! great fun place
taste good but have to wait at least minutes for food cause they make from scratch .
they have a good selection of beers on tap , a small but very tasty menu , and a great staff .
finally ! a barbecue restaurant that doesn't salt the crap out of their food . delicious brisket , delicious barbecue sauce . highly recommend !
best tuna melt ! and the onion rings were amazing ! great hidden gem . service was awesome , will definitely be back !
very tasty food , nice and clean lil restaurant ! love that the food is made by authentic georgians
this place has amazing chaya . and you get a big cup of it for just . from an indian
phenomenal sandwiches and decent coffee . go here if you're looking for real coffee , not the weird stuff starbucks sells .
great service . groupon brought me here , but the technicians will bring me back for continued treatment . highly recommend !
great lobster roll ! fast service and great value . the special combo is perfect for lunch . would definitely recommend .
they are honest and dependable and always do a great job ! we have been going to dave for several years !
great breakfasts and pastries . i can't believe i just found this place !
great food . the combo sushi and thai curry dinner was delicious . wonderful service . we will be back !
such yummy food ! didn't wait long for my food ! i will keep on recommending this place
great men's haircuts . most of their clientele are women , but that basically just means they're over qualified
bmbbq of sa does o . k . in the atx . honestly quality food from quality staffs at very reasonable rates .
the best bead store i have ever been to . quality , customer service , and prices are all excellent . i'm addicted !
always the best coffee in town ! easy to order online and typically ready in time for pick up .
fantastic mexican coffee ! amazing breakfast ! so great !
they were actually very nice and super low pressure . i had the best experience with these guys . larry in particular .
i'm here at least twice a week . best breakfast in town ! i love the waffles and frittatas !
good food . nice assortment of beers on tap . comfortable english pub environment .
food was extremely authentic , great prices and great service . they have the best rice pudding too ! highly recommended .
very good food , nice place , and average prices . highly recommended for brunch , and dinner was pretty good too .
best whole foods market i've been in , including usa locations
chicken is a nice blend of spicy and crispy . sides are okay . limited parking . worth trying .
it all happened so fast . northside towing took care of everything . thanks for getting the job done guys !
tasty and filling . not my favorite musubi , but the teriyaki was good . food came fast .
this place is delicious . the service is great and everyone is so friendly . go visit them !
enjoyable breakfast with large helpings of food .
great frozen treats . a bit cheaper than other frozen yogurts too !
best mexican food in orlando , cool ambiance as well , very authentic and very fast service !
best ice cream in austin . hands down . move over amy's .
these guys are the real deal . always honest and take good care of my car , and my wallet !
the food is good , but the set lunches are minimum . parking is a nightmare on victoria dr . servers decent .
best , most honest shop in central texas . i will always recommend juke auto .
great local hangout good food , good people , excellent staff . coldest beer glasses in town plus a excellent rotating tap
descent chinese restaurant in burnaby area . menus are quite tasty , and fresh . dim sum is good too .
this business does have a full bar . the liquor option on the information needs to be updated .
great selection of vinyl . staff seems aloof , but hey , that's portland for you .
the food was good the service was decent . no complaints . i would recommend to my friends .
dr . boub's treatment has proven that my body is capable of healing . i trust her fully with my recovery .
john's an awesome guy , had great fast service getting my i phone fixed . would recommend it to anybody .
good coffee , nice people . across the street from the office . prefect !
great pizza , great salad bar really clean and well stocked good parking
great experience and staff . food was delicious ! salad bar had some excellent choices .
yum . best tacos al pastor in town ! and very reasonably priced too . friendly staff . good salsa bar . yum !
employees were very friendly and helpful . willing to answer questions and assist with finding products . selection was okay .
all of the staff members are so friendly ! next time you want coffee , get jt to make you something
amazing ! creative and funny . less surreal than cirque and easier to follow . loved it !
delicious thai and japanese food . new ownership . wonderful , friendly , fast service . highly recommend .
banana chocolate chip muffins are divine . warm shoutout to nicole soto , who supplies these scrumptious baked goods
great haircuts for a reasonable price . have gotten really good cuts from chris , stephanie , and barry .
great location , right off blue hill ave . morton st . helpful staff and late evening hours , gotta love it !
huge menu , lots of vegetarian options . one of my favorites is the falafel gyro add hummus an extra veggies .
like really fuccn good food service was polite and fast come and eat here no complaints what so ever
beautiful fresh food and awesome drinks service was personal and attentive . this takes us back to memories of mykonos !
had the opportunity to check this place out . great bartender , remember aj . this dude knows his micro brews .
the food is amazing ! and the drinks are strong and great and extremely well priced ! love it
good food ! lemon pepper wings are banging ! mild honey bussing too ! definitely will be going back !
my favorite place to spend money in austin . everything is great , and yes that includes the durian .
went here a few times . great place . really good chocolate and red velvet cupcakes and good place .
very good dinner recommend the steaks . did great job with jumbo tv to watch my dolphins game . great staff .
just the greatest place for all vegan menu ! never disappointing . always a pleasure to eat cruelty free !
chicken tikka masala and makhani were delicious ! we also tried some apps for the first time . definitely going back again .
great food , environment and music . very relaxed and the service is amazing ! ask for haneul she perfect
amazing food , very creative and interesting dessert !
faaaaaaaantastic . can't argue with a delicious lunch buffet .
definitely worth a visit . amazing food , family friendly , and never disappoints .
different from your standard torchys and taco deli . friendly staff . homemade tortillas . great queso . this place is top notch .
staff was friendly and food was super fast . good tasting as well . i'm glad i stumbled across this place !
reasonably priced flavorful dishes . a bit heavy on filler like onions and spinach .
watching wonder women with my friends from work . great reclining seats and snacks .
our experience with macadam floor and design was amazing . they were so helpful throughout the process . don't shop anywhere else !
good food , fresh fish , affordable and decent wine list and good service .
always a great experience . nice ambiance and great food ! service is always spectacular , the owner is very friendly .
love bryan's message to the class . give yourself and disconnect from phones and watches .
they are great ! work with a wide range of cars .
great food great prices i was impressed better than most mexican resturaunts
excellent menu , friendly management , tasty food ! what else do i need during lunch break
excellent greek food ! friendly staff ! the moussaka , lamb , chicken , fish , it's all delicious !
food was great ! will be coming back . very clean and great service . great selection of indian and thai food
great paininis , quick service , a tad expensive and cash only .
very nice , very friendly ! the food was delicious ! hash bash breakfast was excellent ! definitely coming back !
annette did a great job , would definitely recommend dealing with her !
their spaghetti and meatballs is simple but delicious ! i'm a bag fan of their marinara sauce .
had the best lobster roll at a stand in this place !
best tacos in boston , hands down ! super great value , quick delivery and take out . friendly staff !
fast food taken to the heights . even the veggie burger is superb .
fun and challenging way to spend an hour . our game master sam was awesome ! recommend !
wonderful salon , cami is great so glad i found this place after several years of searching for a hair salon .
delicious peruvian columbian food . the papas a la huancaina are so good . i'm going back for more soon . specifically the empanadas .
i got the seafood medley spectacular ! huge portions of fresh , expertly prepare seafood ! i also loved the spinach and garlic !
excellent personable service . always smiling staff and quick high quality service . love it !
love love love ! because of this location i've also visited the hartford location . food is really good .
the food was awesome the service was above beyond . will come back bring friend's .
this place is an absolute must try . try the lamb burgers , chicken tikka rolls and naan pizza !
impeccable service and cuisine . small cozy a perfect spot for a fall friday dinner .
great vibe , great coffee , good food . highly recommend we ate breakfast here two days in a row . great staff !
the only place i go for my pedicures . so much fun . nice team . stress free appointments .
always a tasty destination for a sandwich , espresso , cookie and a glass of wine .
extra friendly staff , quick and easy for lunch . tons of specials and great flavored iced teas . casual atmosphere .
nando's has great grilled chicken and a good variety of sauces to make your mouth and nose water . yummy !
enjoyed the ginger lover
very good greasy spoon ! love the timeless atmosphere .
didn't know where to take my family for dinner . hit the jackpot coming here . excellent service . brownie sundae for dessert !
my favorite indian restaurant in north austin ! great food , wonderful flavors and good prices . highly recommend the saag paneer !
best soup and best sandwiches , best service ! owner is a sweetheart ! staff are so kind and efficient !
good food , will definitely remember them for takeout again .
our waiter and dinner expo , dalton , provided awesome service . literally as good as it gets !
yum . great margaritas , outstanding chicken mole enchiladas and pork belly tacos . also had fajita nachos . everything was very fresh .
holy cow ! amazing amazing amazing food ! will make the drive from georgetown to eat here . totally worth it !
good food with reasonable price . will definitely revisit this place next time when im in portland .
i love this restaurant ! they have one of the best buffets and i don't usually like buffets !
what a trip ! main level is a show in itself . ready to check out the bands downstairs .
had the classico and a bite of the lucky's . can't tell which one is better . best sandwich i've ever had .
great buffet ! . . seafood soup was great ! great service . just in a strip mall . brick front .
fast , healthy , affordable . this is a fabulous midtown lunch spot and has quickly become part of my regular rotation
the food is okay , but the beer is cold and cheap and the live music is usually pretty good .
taiwanese hot sour soup is awesome ! service is great but the place is empty .
eggs cooked to order at breakfast ! very helpful staff . rooms are clean and spacious . excellent value for austin .
really nice place , i wish we had a restaurant of this caliber in cedar park .
cbc montreal says they have the best poutine . maybe not best , but most authentic . fries could be crispier .
excellent service ! jomo loves his fridays at zoomies doggy day care ! they're awesome at zoomies !
highly effective , entirely professional .
great tasting chicken ! catchy music . spacious but busy location . would definitely come back .
i really enjoy the food here . been here twice and it's always very tasty . i recommend the curry chicken !
solid food . ketchup syrup had to be ordered separately because it didn't come with food
the food was super fresh , and they have a great draft beer selection . the steak chimichurri tacos are awesome .
the new pretzel bites are awesome ! we always stop here when headed to the short north !
best fish burrito i've ever had , period . every time i come here is a damn treat .
great trader joe's with a friendly local feeling .
one of the best poke spots to go to in boston ! the good and service is delightful ! recomendable !
this place has the best lemon chicken i have ever had . good food . good people . small place .
worth the wait ! brisket almost too moist though . don't forget to request burnt ends !
just went to powell location awesome . great bar and panini ops food ! i'll be back .
unfortunately , this place closed earlier this year . they are being replaced by an italian restaurant .
this is delicious . hands down the best mediterranean food in buckhead
crepes from a trailer ? oh yah ! it is good , nuttella and bananas yum !
amazing service and wonderful breakfast flint high free w yelp check in fried green tomatoes
welcome great vibe and incredible authentic food . great music for the ambience deep house chill . friendly staff and crowd .
not my favorite indian restaurant but the best on this end of town . great service and good food
leave kids at home or bring a booster seat . they don't have them service was nice . food was good .
awesome ice cream ! this is one of the best in portland . check it out ! homemade and very very very tasty !
very good indian food collection . many frozen ready to eat stuff .
awesome sunset . hot cider . heat lamp and games . great after hike in forrest park . beautiful tavern , new neighborhood favorite .
the portions could have been a little bit bigger , but the food was very tasty ! the atmosphere was great .
always enjoy the phad thai here . service is lovely .
excellent beer and great food . what else do you need ? thai wings are fantastic .
great burgers , solid vegetarian selections , giant beautiful onion rings , fries , custard , craft beer ! how can you go wrong ?
honest estimate . nice and professional . clean . they cleaned rugs and terra cotta tile floors . tiles came out amazing ! high recommend .
wide variety of items with many daily specials . food is fresh and tasty pricing is moderate ambiance low rent cafeteria .
went for restaurant week . everything from the cocktail to the dessert was perfection !
i tried their different juice blends . love dr . juice coz its light and delicious . bit pricy but it's worth it .
clean , organized , efficient ! very nice ! wish we could have something like that in denver one day soon !
very authentic . this is what you would get in japan . the lunch bento for is a great value .
love this place although they do need to be better about time frames for larger orders .
best hat store in disney . stop in every year and get something special for papa . love it .
absolutely the best ever ! pizza is always consistently dynamite . staff is awesome . love it !
this place is off the hook great burritos and tacos fresh , tasty and a great value
went there for lunch . good oyster shooters and excellent food . a limited menu , but again very , very good . cool place .
love this place for my daughter . and she loves it too ! awesome instructors !
nice atmosphere relaxed . food is good too . white sangria was nice . i'll visit again . it's sort of hidden .
very friendly ladies , they take their time doing your nails and do a fantastic job . highly recommend going here .
very under rated . the pizza is way better than ny pizza upper crust .
my go to for good old classic comfort food , and an old fashion .
quick bite after the airport pickup . great food . good margarita . we'll be back for sure ! would recommend !
the staff are very friendly , outgoing and helpful and the new jazzed up location is like wow !
best burrito you'll ever have . homemade everything . it was heavy as a brick . surpasses any food chain burrito .
thank you so much for my culinary experience at the burger bar on congress ave jw marriott downtown austin texas
food was delicious and owner was very nice . highly recommend the mint tea . the chicken ravine was excellent !
i really appreciate everyone at warm springs dental . by far the best group of dental professionals i've experienced .
best burgers anywhere ! awesome service and amazing food thank u !
easy in and out if you know your way around the airport . it's rare that i'm in traffic
i have ordered many arrangement and never once had a problem . always fresh always perfectly arranged and always delicious !
perfect pearl district location . condo quality build . great place to live !
just ordered subs for lunch for me and some friends at work . they were all delicious and perfectly cooked !
five stars beers ! and the menu is getting better ! perfect knotty brunette with oranges !
great food with plenty of flavor and portion size . excellent vegetarian options and the mofongo sandwich is awesome .
very nice . had deep tissue massage was excellent . decent prices . hot women cut hair here .
good beer bar . endless wings for . pm is a perfect time . quiet , although service can improve .
awesome clothes , the sweetest jewelry and a very nice , helpful staff ! absolutely love shopping here
very large place not much i wanted to do or buy as a vegan .
this place has too much stuff . you'll spend hours going through it all
muy buenas , salsas , y verduras para servirte cuanto quieras , buen servicio , ricas agua de horchata , tacos de asada , marisco
great service great food great music and great fun . the cheese steaks are better than philly .
love this place very spacious and comfortable and they have free breakfast the staff was friendly and helpful .
delicious burgers , made me like ground beef for the first time . amazing milkshakes , too . cool atmosphere and decent service .
this is a special gem ! such a romantic place with amazing back porch . highly recommend .
they did everything as promised , on time too ! i highly recommend this company !
yum the bacon pizza for the win ! only downside are the prices are a bit high for this neighborhood !
really cool dudes . good food . good deal on drinks and the service was genuine and fun .
great place , nice atmosphere , food was quickly made . employees helpful and fun . thanks , don
real good beef ribs ! slightly greasy , but super tasty ! lots of meat and beer options available .
they've gotten better since my last review . better consistency . the big daddy in boulder by safeway is perfect .
best burger i've tried in my lifetime so far . all the quality you would expect , every bite bursting with flavor .
holy facial ! that was amazing ! thank you ambar for a wonderful experience ! dermaplaning
just ask for meredith . she will take care of you . the food is excellent , the ambiance inviting .
best steak tip dinner for a drive through fast food restaurant . it's really good .
super tasty coffee and i loved the chorizo breakfast taco w added black beans and avocado .
best cheese steak meatball sandwich anywhere ! the bread they make is amazing ! never had a bad meal there . enjoy !
wonderful spa ! friendly service , clean equipment environment ! very efficient . i felt very relaxed afterwards !
big portions . always consistently good food . come here often for quick food cart run .
the best cannolis ive ever had ! got different flavors . not overwhelmingly sweet either
finally a street style taco joint in polaris . nice and clean restaurant . lots of food options and a salsa bar !
my favorite breakfast taco south of the river . family run and always great food .
great pizza and super customer service ! top notch ! would definitely order from them again
love the food here , especially the calzones . the staff are awesome and friendly to everyone that walks in .
wonderful experience for this out of town visitor . delicious sushi , delectable salads , and a fun green tea creme brulee .
great french restaurant with impressive ambiance . i will be back .
notably good risotto . better than most of the expensive italian restaurants in town . good tunes playing and low key setting !
really yum items . you cannot go wrong with anything . though a little crowded but worth it
very nice neighbourhood gem ! great coffee and pastries !
i love the coffee and i love the space . they also offer homemade almond milk , which is amazing !
the grilled octopus was insane . best octopus i've ever had .
nice moderate prices , friendly customer service and its just a half block from me . love it .
great service . went in on my lunch break and got tire patched very inexpensively , with time to spare . highly recommended .
amazing seafood and great atmosphere , a place to return !
easy place to get a good burger and fries . great prices too .
best seafood ever . scallops and haddock are the best in the world . really .
had a flat bread and beer here kinda noisy and didn't have any reception inside , but nice place .
had a fantastic buying experience . its not cheap , but the knowledge of the sales associate and selection were unbeatable .
quiet atmosphere , courteous and professional wait staff , and awesome food . check it out !
my favourite ramen joint ! very tasty soup not too salty . nice and clean atmosphere . would recommend to anyone .
fylnn is awesome ! love the food and service , very knowledgeable staff . cheapest beer around here !
lot of good sushi's to try out since it's a you pick and eat place , it makes it easier . good service .
i once again had the best massage ever but this time by ken . i wish i could take him home !
the food was excellent and service was nice . the ambience inside is great to bring friends and family .
the philly here is amazing . just stopped by here before i get some drinks at violet crown . definitely coming back .
great service . fixed my phone that i thought was toast . prices are reasonable .
solidly good thai at a reasonable price . not the best i've ever had , but good enough to go back to .
i love downstairs ! got a cute snow jacket and pants for my next trip to the snow mountain .
nice ambience . excellent drinks . took a while to be seated outside . but worth the wait for my party of .
had a bridesmaid dress hemmed here and she did an excellent job , fast and best price around !
my family really enjoyed the food and the fabulous service ruyam eylul were very nice and helpful must tried !
worth every penny for the food and drink . staff is the best in boston !
best gluten free pizza i've had ! one of the only places i've seen that offers it by the slice .
best prices in town for hoodies and tshirts ! same designs as the more expensive touristy stores .
decent pie . good sauce and cheese . a bit thin . also the online ordering is quite convenient .
i just went in to get some cards and pictures laminated . the staff in the photo printing department were very helpful .
best meal we have ever had . service staff is incredibly polite and attentive they are true professionals .
kumbatcha ! they even let you try the ones on tap . the lady was very sweet and had great customer service !
i had a frickin chicken , and it was delicious . i'll definitely be back . next time i'll get a sausage .
good drinks . my friend recommended me to drink here and i love their bubble tea lai cha .
amazing breakfast ! thanks matty for introducing us !
love coming here ! dennis is the best , he's a perfectionist ! great selection of colors and the best foot massages around .
great food . the servings are generous . tasty sandwich but i want more of the rice and beans !
fantastic crust . the only real deficiency is their lack of buffalo mozzarella as a topping .
love the happy hour menu ! great place to watch sports .
awesome food . juicy lucy is my favorite . and top it off with the fried oreos . yassss !
great burgs , rings , and shakes cool atmosphere and nice staff all you need in life
good food . friendly service . fair prices . i always look forward to coming here . i'd recommend it to anyone !
happy addition to the neighborhood . quirky dishes , well prepared , fresh service , and exciting look . thank you !
great service with a smile . you beat the competition hands down !
honest good food served at a great price . would be very happy to come back to a place like this .
crazy to find caribbean food near atl . real ginger beer , callaloo with saltfish . what a trip !
amazing customer service , great international finds , and delicious food . this is the best grocery store in portland .
super cool vibe . they make all their own food ! burgers and fries served fresh and hot ! hooked !
always great food and service ! definitely a destination you don't want to miss on your atlanta route .
we had a really good experience and delicious food . the parfait and yogurt are pretty big , definitely enough to share .
keeping this one short , great food ! cheap prices , and the portions , woah ! just wish they were open later . stars !
one of the best pizzas i've ever had ! the crust was chewy and crispy . kale salad is a dream !
great facility , super friendly staff ! i'm already seeing results after two laser hair removal sessions !
excellent food , wonderfully sized portions . got the two meat , brisket was very good . heather our server was really good .
i haven't found a colombian restaurant that beats this one . service is good , food is solid .
lovely authentic mexican cuisine in a nice part of beverly
beyond delicious ! best persian food . absolutely fantastic ! the atmosphere is phenomenal too . it's taken tradition persian to a whole other level .
great juices and smoothies ! i particularly like the blueberry brunch breakfast smoothie .
go for the kayak ! great way to see lady bird lake !
cool , eclectic spot ! celebrated my st birthday brunch with mr . here . the shrimp and grits were excellent !
best burger i have ever had . hands down . didn't even know it was possible to create such deliciousness .
had delivery yesterday and liked it . wasn't the best pizza around , but certainly better than any chain .
loveeeeeeee these bagels ! moist and pretzel like . very pleased with the sesame bagel and the everything bagel !
great job installing a slide in over we purchased from lowes . they were timely , professional and quick !
super friendly folks . fast service and nice selection of bikes and accessories .
great food and service , very good broth . the manager is very nice . i recommend . clean , authentic .
best peruvian food in vancouver maybe a bit expensive , but food quality is very good .
this is my favorite restaurant in all of portland , no matter what meal or time of day . deliciousness !
avenue has the best bartender in town ! dave is awesome ! don't miss bottomless mimosas and the brunch !
old school great spot ! great food and outstanding service ! family owned and very comfortable !
outstanding steak , but not cheap . a worthy competitor to ruth's chris .
awesome place to watch any and all sports great happy hour specials and good service will definitely be coming back !
this place is really good . i wasn't expecting authentic , good thai food on merritt island , but here it is .
the burger here is to die for ! delicious ! make sure you get peach cobbler as a dessert !
charming small restaurant with an inventive menu and big flavors . best brunch ! the eggs benedict were delicious .
the best place to go for good quality food and good service . best halal chicken and fish in orlando
heart roasters is one of the reasons i like coffee and being at this location i enjoy it even more
this is my go to place for a cheese pizza , so yummy . i usually call ahead and pick it up .
this place has good food . i've always been a fan . the drinks could use some work though .
best fish tacos , fish and chips and fish sandwiches in portland ! and the staff is awesome !
wonderful staff , always have last minutes spots available . great prices very relaxing .
every server is wearing a mask and taking the extra cleaning steps to help prevent the spread of covid .
yummy yummy yumm ! expressing , cuban sandwich , and plantain chips ! i'm in heaven ! thanks troy !
amazing burgers and atmosphere . too long to stand in line . courteous staff .
amazing food . if you are reading this just go . recommeded hainan chiken . everything is also wonderful .
great taste and excellent service ! convenient location along with very reasonable price .
the . best . period .
good burgers ! ingredients are generous and the meat is tasty . waiting for a good impossible burger .
absolutely amazing , they even have gluten free pasta . i have not experience an italian restaurant that tasty .
quick , easy and convenient order to go service on the phone . impeccable customer service . hmmm . yummmm .
this place is fantastic , customer service , quality of ice cream , flavors , everything . go here , now , asap .
the beers on draft are great . the fried pickles were as good as the staff said they'd be .
cool place . mellow patio , but not a good place to belly up to the bar because the bar is small .
yum yum . really authentic gelato . don't skip this place . it's worth stopping for some great dessert .
great tapas and drinks . little local gem in cosy melrose .
love their veggie hummus sandwich their outdoor patio space which offers a lot of shade is peaceful
brioche french toast with scrambled eggs and bacon , good and fast . crispy bacon as ordered . nice decor .
great selection and friendly staff ! as a local i appreciate the greeting from all .
i love this place i come here often . it's clean well mainence and the food is so good .
abigail knows what she's doing ! would recommend this salon !
fresh food , fresh ingredients . friendly staff . i had the fish tacos and salsa . good food !
service is really good and the fish taco is money !
the dishes are well prepare and stuffs are nice . fair prices , good place for students ! i will come back for sure .
love the hibachi here . similar to kobe steakhouse . i don't eat sushi , but my family loves the sushi here too !
love this place ! a bit pricey , but worth it . it's always slammed , so be prepared to wait for a bit .
these guys are seriously the best ! friendly and fast . everyone in my family comes here , they do a great job .
what an awesome time , beyond the parking backup , everything was well organized pulled off ! more color please !
lei'd back hawaiian is always great . friendly staff and never a long wait . their huli huli chickenis amazing !
love this place ! the food is delicious and the service impeccable . i love that it's healthy and filling !
forgot about this place but there pizza is always so fire ! definitely highly recommend !
this is the best breakfast and lunch place in atlanta i definitely recommend their famous french toast sandwich !
the citizen cioppino has great sauce , but tiny portions . also try the citizen cured antipasti board .
about as authentic mexican food as you will find anywhere in the northwest . every bite is better than the last .
tasty food and good service . the daily greek specials are the best .
creative , delicious burgers . usually a wait on tge weekend , but worth it . try their bottled sodas .
i loving it , feel like original ramen from japan . my favorite place and ramen in boston .
what else can i say besides and amazing view , and a great way to see the city . extremely worth it !
great sandwiches dog friendly loved it !
really good indian cuisine . lovely . my family enjoyed for the first time . buttee chicken , lamb curry all very authentic and nann .
great food . get there early beause the line gets long quick .
excellent customer service and great staff . definitely recommend . smooth transition and very fast quality work .
great food and very friendly ! i recommend the chipotle soy curl tacos . tons of vegan and veggie options !
yellow curry is amazing . pad thai is fine .
excellent service they do have loaner cars . they are quick and responsive and good at what they do .
fantastic recipes , great service , lovely ambiance . just love the place !
fresh pastries , great sandwiches . the side salad was a nice bonus . the chocolate croissants , heated up , are really good .
always got the mopac and loved it every time .
some of the best customer service i have ever had . thank you wawa team for making my morning routine amazing !
food , service , hospitality , vibe all very good . oysters , curdo , salmon , blue crab pasta
i love this place , i go every day during summer time . definitely try their minutas , they are amazing !
great happy hour . loveeee the space and ambiance . yummy food . pretty servers . i will be back . great bathroom selfie opportunities
i miss this place , especially the no name and chicken fingers , now that i live states and states away . o
stack of ribs and some basked beans are the way to go !
best fresh homemade burgers hands down in the atl .
cold brew is strong and aromatic . cappuccino was super frothy . portland stumpy is better than the rest !
came there with my speedster after hitting a speed bump . got it sorted out , excellent service . highly recommended !
tasty so good , very interesting , very funny for kids . it worth to taste . we will go there again .
there are few donuts i don't like , but the quality and interesting flavors are what make blue star donuts special .
healthy food . clean restaurant . friendly staff . awesome experience from start to finish . will travel again from cambridge . well worth it .
excellent flavors , convenient waiting system , great food truck location . we fell in love with taco nes !
relaxed , refreshing ready for another marg . patio seating .
love greenleaf ! their juices are my favorite . zest in show and the morning after , in particular
beautiful and clean rooms . staff was very friendly . good location and great view from th floor .
the best tacos i've had in georgia . the chips , salsa , and guacamole are fantastic as well .
food is amazing , and environment is better . great drinks too ! they handled a large party incredibly well .
you can't go a week without megabite ! now one of these days i will try the nachos .
delicious cake donut with nutella and cinnamon and honey and salt . cake was perfect ! omg yum !
pro tip if you line dry your clothes , use the extractor !
amazing company and wonderful instructors ! very pleased with my children's instructor and their progression .
i love to float and i love this small business . very personable , friendly and clean . floating is like heaven !
awesome ! delivery took about minutes but it was worth it . delivery driver was great to ! well done ! thanks
best hawaiian style shave ice in portland ! friendliest staff too . feels like your back in hawaii . lots of aloha here !
huge variety of items . beautiful succulent arrangements . pleasant shopping experience always nice folks working there .
had a blast with a group of ridiculous friends ! thanks sarah for dealing with our neediness
stopped in for brunch on new years day . had the roasted veg hash . amazing . great service as a bonus . thank you !
great delivery meal . super tasty pad thai and veggie rolls .
the only high level kosher place in vancouver that i know about . great host . shimon is very helpful .
great puertorrican food !
the food was delicious ! i ordered the stuffed french toast . it was really yummy . the staff was very friendly .
the very best mexican food in boston . a native tells you don't go anywhere else .
pretty much the best place in chinatown . excellent sandwiches and other southeast asian snacks .
omg best doughnut of my life it's cake like and fresh fruit and cream cheese my favorite
far from traditional chinese food ! as good as a high quality asian bistro .
very friendly and caring owners . really excellent food at by far the best prices in the neighbor . should be packed !
they serve very good food and have great service , long wait times because it's a very popular place .
good location . great room layout , free wifi , hdtv .
i've just been for brunch so far but definitely plan on coming back . great menu , service , and bar selection !
all their food is amazing , i've been eating their chicken pot pies since i can remember !
we had the pretzels , fried pickles , american chop suey , and tips . amazing across the board !
great chinese fast food . this is the place in peabody if you're looking for americanized chinese food that's priced right .
this place surprised me . the service was very fast and friendly and the food was amazing . definitely will be back
first time here , tried the recommended jambalaya it was delicious looking forward to my next visit to try something else .
got my first tattoo from them . great service and design . couldn't be happier with the result
great , spacious shop . took my year old niece and she found so many books that my pockets broke .
love this place , everything i have tried is very tasty ! a must visit when i come to portland .
probably my favorite taco place . meat is flavorful and the hot sauces add just the right amount of kick .
this nail salon is great ! they always do a great job , no wait and the prices are really good .
great curries . specially the pah nang with coconut rice . skip the pad thai . very nice settings and pleasant atmosphere
awesome breakfast , great service and friendly staff . totally a great place to stop for breakfast !
awesome farmers market . has so many different vendors . nice to see familys outside enjoying the weather and shopping locally .
great wings ! not quite buffalo but smokey and very tasty !
paul is amazing . great communication , on time , superior knowledge and skill . highest recommendation .
feeling fresh after leaving zoey love my new cut ! maybe next time we can talk balayage for vegas ! thank you !
friendly waitstaff , delicious plantain chips appetizer and savory sancocho latin soup for lunch on a chilly day .
service is excellent . their hot chocolate is delicious , latte and cappuccino are bitter , only reason for stars .
impeccable service , delicious cocktails , and exquisite sushi .
love mecatos , my fav bakery . employees are super nice and respectful . always the best attention
got the vip membership and shoot there every so often . lots of lanes and gun rentals .
went to the cafe in terminal st awesome sandwiches get the tator tots too can't go wrong here
this afternoon have lunch with my friends overthere and it's really good we will come back when we are hungry
they have enlarged their area . they also have couches for folks and don't forget the popcorn .
a little cramped but has a great selection of art supplies .
very good higher abv brews , felt a bit lacking with the lower abv . regardless a very good brewery .
great service ! our waiter was awesome ! he was super attentive and never let my water reach halfway ! expertly made drinks !
love this place awesome breakfast great atmosphere , good service try there hoe fries so good and great drinks too
great service and delish food ! was very accommodating to my gluten allergy and reasonably priced . highly recommend !
good customer service . this store is well organized and the people that work there are customer oriented .
blue zone ! can't complain fairly priced , delicious food
stopped through over christmas break great atmosphere same great service love the rock shrimp and brussels sprouts
awesome speakeasy style steakhouse . great ambiance , service , wine , and of course , steak and the sides desserts
i love this place . good portion , good fries and the man who owns the place is nice .
the best ! my experience here has always been stellar with phenomenal customer service and great food . definitely recommend .
delish ! it's order at the counter crepe place . think moe's , but with crepes . clean place . friendly staff .
phenomenal tasting menu and very cozy atmosphere with excellent service . they treated my friend with extra care for his birthday !
the twins who work here are the absolute sweetest ! always great service and always delicious food ! !
would highly recommend their xiao long bao it's amazing !
we had one of the groupon deals for froyo . great little gem in norwood location . i recommend trying original flavor .
one of my favorite places to eat breakfast in atl ! get there early bc it's always busy !
best milkshakes . hands down .
the cider waffles are amazing . they're the perfect accompaniment to a smooth , creamy latte .
went here for drinks and was not disappointed . sexy atmosphere . the staff was incredibly kind and attentive .
al was super helpful and provided one of the most competitive quotes . highly recommend him and his team !
had a great iced cappuccino this morning and a sticky bun ! wow ! so good ! forget dunkin donuts , yay flat black !
every time i stay in cambridge , we make coffee runs here in the morning . fantastic iced latte . always great service .
uyen is amazing ! she is so friendly and her dip manicures are just the best . i highly recommend !
really good food and love the ambiance . the customer service was great . i'd definetly go back .
amazing , as always . incredibly fresh and flavorful paleo dishes . we considered ordering another plate of brussels sprouts so delicious !
we had a nice server . the food was amazing . it was our anniversary our waiter gave us a desert
the best waxing anywhere ! i found them after moving from richmond and am so glad i did .
excellent all around . you'll never believe it's vegan . the nachos with the vegan cheese is delicious . every taco is excellent .
i love this place ! after a few weeks in southern thailand , their curries and pad thai do not disappoint .
the environment was great . i felt i had left the airport .
best chili verde hands down in the area . the flour tortillas remind me of my grandmothers . awesome .
pretty good basic , standard donut option . maybe best i've seen in st cloud but that isn't saying a ton
always happy with the food and drinks here . beet salad and mussels diablo are my favorites .
the food surprised us . we tried couple of chinese restaurants nearby . this one is the best in the area .
almost always get my drink perfectly made and quickly . it's easy and painless . you me of my fav location .
wide variety of traditional peruvian food . seafood is fresh and cooked well . large portions suitable for sharing .
this restaurant serves very nice authentic japanese cuisine and has a great intimate setting !
solid stars . everyone is kind . the pork tacos are my soul mate . the place is super cute .
take out service excellent ! my recent take out experience at kisha poppo was excellent ! fast , quick and great service . well done !
have lunch quite often . food comes out pretty quickly . a real gem at legacy place . recommend it to everyday
high quality neapolitan style pizza . the ingredients are always fresh and flavorful , and the salads are delicious .
boston cream pie . so good , it blows my mind . everything in the refrigerated case is the best !
ahi tower ! must try ! also they have very good baked sushi .
pleasant environment and good location ! they make the best broccoli soup ever !
the food is great here ! i had the chicken vindaloo it was tender and juice with fluffy rice .
green beans ? habanero ? avocado ? what a weirdly delicious sandwich . get the bbq version and get it extra hot !
wonderful neighborhood pizzeria . good pizza , even better are the people serving the pizza .
good coffee . friendly service . small parking lot , no free refills on just coffee . drive thru service . nice interior . a must visit .
great lunch buffet ! all pizza and salad was fresh . casual environment . clean and friendly .
hidden small but delicious ! fully recommended ! there is a guy making the pasta ! looks great and taste so much better !
what a perfect nail spa ! beautiful and super clean ! im in love . highly recommended ! amazing staff !
fabulous service and food . the beetroot cake was the highlight of the dinner . would love to come back again
hawkers is one of my favorite places in orlando . great staff and great food . lots of choices .
eggs benedict were bomb . server was nice !
like indian food , chipotle style . not authentic , but still good . the pizza is also surprisingly good
stop by for breakfast it was outstanding and the staff was friendly and prompt . recommend the powerhouse .
nachos tips are great ! service is top notch !
i was pleasantly surprised to find a number of delicious and healthy vegetarian options including a tempeh ruben .
i wanted bbq and that's exactly what i experienced tasty sweet savory finger licking bbq .
yum ! there was a line outside kintaro , but space here . the ramen was really good as were the gyosa .
great chicago pie , even better then the real chicago pizza in chicago i've been to them so don't argue
man oh man ! this place is phenomenal . i can't wait to come back . i sure am impressed .
food was absolutely delicious . shawarma , hot plates everything was wonderful . overall very awesome food and awesome experience .
excellent authentic nepalese dumplings . good service . great experience . we ordered potato and veggie dumplings since we're vegetarian . they were great .
love this place . they carry all my favorite products and makeup . amazing facials , sugaring experts , and most recently lash tinting !
very filling , delicious food for a very reasonable price . good ambience and polite waiters . must visit again
amazing food but slow service . excellent choices for vegans , vegetarians and gluten free diets . i recommend the tofu bbq bowl !
jona is the best . excellent at craft cocktails and bloody mary's . the buffalo chicken wontons are a must try !
the d bar is one of the best sandwiches i've ever had , but the bread pudding is lacking .
cozy atmosphere , everything was delicious . definitely try the calamari and the chicken . a must visit !
extremely friendly and quick to respond . they are about as professional as a collision shop could be .
love the food , wait time was bad , intervals of min between first seating , drinks and ordering
awesome . had the ropa vieja . the restaurant came highly recommended and lived up to its reputation .
very delicious dosas at this place with reasonable prices . clean and new decor inside . service was good .
new favourite sushi spot ! just wish i lived in richmond now . make resos ahead if you can !
we really loved the food at asti . appetizers , sides and entrees . great wine selection too .
fresh made corned beef hash , french press coffee , and great service with a smile . the jam was delicious !
excellent food and dedicated gluten free kitchen . it's even close to where i live ! exactly what i need .
cool , open space with friendly bar staff and kick butt carnitas tacos ! can't rave about them enough !
mango hisbiscus mai tai table side guacamole coconut prawn carne gordo oz ! yummy !
i love the alamo . it was and is still the only place i'll go in austin to see a movie .
cold weather , hot spicy noodle soup , perfect combination . the noodles are rice based . fresh ingredients .
don't ever change . we loved dinner tonight , thanks for keeping austin they way it should be !
just ate at the little indian restaurant that someone else mentioned . great food and reasonable .
it's the best supermarket in orlando for caribbean products . first class service . they treat u like family
best burger i have ever had . juicy flavorful . yummy . great price during happy hour . small quaint cozy bar .
best burger i've ever had ! i ordered the kitchen sink with bison .
awesome . great concept . fantastic , friendly chef . creative , fun , tasty , and kind . what else could ya ask for ?
i don't actually like pizza , but constantly want to go here for pizza . i love the crust . would highly recomend .
the short ribs were amazing , i'm glad they ran out of the burger and i was forced into this .
this place is soooooo good . has the feel of a brooklyn or williamsburg pizza joint , and the food to match !
o
best ethiopian in town ! very friendly host . we had awaze beef tips and veggie sampler plate . the machiato is amazing .
i have been all over thailand , and this is true thai food ! so unbelievably delicious , i will be coming back .
great food , atmosphere is nice and casual , and the bar is happening . owner and staff are great folks . good bbq !
most authentic thai in columbus . the kai soy and pad thai are winners and the cocktails are lethal
love the sandwiches here and the fact that it's so close to my job . great customer service too !
great service , fun games , decently priced drinks . definitely coming again .
really enjoy their wings . only complaint is the looongg wait and poor customer service . call ahead to order and pickup .
had the chicken and biscuits with country gravy . delicious . coffee was just as good . can't wait for the next visit .
super friendly service , excellent food and good prices . we will definitely be regulars here .
good burgers ! small burgers ! pricey burgers ! ok fries ! i ordered take out . quick service on a saturday afternoon .
huge book store ! not many left these days ! these guys have everything , old and new . fresh and used !
infinitely better than comcast . no hidden fees , flat monthly rate , fast internet speeds , and their customer service is amazing
great lunch price and the portions are huge ! love the chopped stir fry fish and imperial prawns !
great large part . has soccer fields , tong of doverse hiking trails , off leash dog area , and river access !
great service and selection . not your typical home depot . my only complaint was the traffic .
great specials . favorite local place in the neighborhood . monday is half price menu . sunday is pbrs .
fantastic salads with unlimited toppings . wraps and sauces are amazing , and everything is homemade .
a real favorite of those from cambridge , and for good reason . the place is fantastic and worth stopping in .
lots of places to sit . kids like the carpeted area .
not just the best thai in the o town area , the best thai state side . hands down .
delicious and friendly staff . definitely my go to chinese . love the green beans and so much more
the best pizza in danvers by far , well run business , reasonable prices .
kristen , the manager is awesome and helped me find the games i needed . definitely going back .
my favorite bakery in town . they have wheat croissant . i like their sandwiches . i would comeback again
amazing food and drinks . gastown's best restaurant .
they have a clean establishment , friendly staff , delicious food and inexpensive prices ! recommended !
they are expensive , but so far worth it . so friendly . quick response time . beautiful pictures .
the food was , simply , fantastic . locally sourced and perfectly presented , this is clearly the best .
delicious . delightful . we go back every time we fly through atlanta . staff and cuisine are fantastic .
very clean open feel due to floor to ceiling windows airport . that is all
absolutely the best cafe mocha i've ever had . i wish this company would expand to the u . s .
fun place ! good service . some filson goods .
one of the best pizza places in boston . plus the homemade italian food is just like grandma used to make .
got a lobster roll here yesterday and it was delicious ! would recommend if you want seafood for a moderate price .
i'm a fan of five stone tax advisers . i highly recommend !
a very unassuming place with ok service but great food , i'll definitely come back good food trumps all !
amazing food . truly spectacular combination of flavors in their dishes . one of my favorite places for dinner ! great service too .
two words speculoos spread
best and most unique pancakes breakfast menu ever ! i crave this place !
excellent mom and pop coop for all of your bulk and earth loving needs .
as good as it gets . really . go there . get cannoli . get napoleon . be happy .
wings were great . fries were great . burrito was fucking great . everything was exceptional .
friendly service great coffee especially the iced coffee float ! relaxing bright atmosphere
just seriously delicious and their crazy ass seating system works . the caramel banana trench toast . holy buddha .
a little expensive but everything was delicious . nutella , banana and strawberries crepe .
best frozen yogurt with lots of different options for toppings . the staff is very helpful and friendly . fun atmosphere .
try the peanut butter chip . excellent .
believe the hype ! from the moment of entry , the smells intoxicate , the scene invigorates and the food stimulates .
top to bottom , the best dental practice i have been to in years . and i've been to many .
very good room service , food is really good . very polite people . clean rooms . very accommodating .
lots of fun eating here . burgers were awesome . great service . fun atmosphere .
another delicious creation at urban pie . thank you lisa the urban and the delicious arugula salad is wonderful
simply amazing . everything is tops . loved the decor and the food is a great fusion of texas and japanese .
best gourmet italian bakery around ! modern blows away that tourist trap mike's all the time .
nice place to go for drinks and date night . great service and wait staff are very accommodating !
delicious food but rather noisy . best to choose the times you go and also avoid waits . but i'm a fan !
my favorite wings in atlanta . they deliver and . , oz pbr all the time ! hell yeah !
excellent chipotle style burrito . probably the best burrito i've had . stamped their burritos which added a nice touch . will return .
really good . friendly staff . a little pricey . extra . for croutons ? but whatever , i pay it and still go .
delicious appetizers , salads , pizzas , and pie . i go here to eat embarrassingly often .
awesome place to meet with friends . they've got friendly staff , good food and great atmosphere .
great selections , reasonable prices , friendly staff and excellent pizza ! will be back soon ! thank you .
love this bakery ! their treats are always delicious and fresh
date night ! the best . split a slice and a have a beer . mmmmm my fav pizza
been a couple times and always consistent and great flavor and good service ! great to honor dine in !
nice bar with good beer selection . friendly staff , very cool underground vibe . amazing location .
great pizza in a nice little restaurant . service kind of sucked but we weren't in a hurry .
pretty good sushi , even after many changes in ownership . people are friendly . i wish it stayed open a little later !
i love nostrana ! reliable and consistent delicious food every time . the service is always solid and friendly .
cold brew is so good ! the pricing is great along with the friendly employees . very pleased with the whole experience .
lasagna was amazing ! service is great . perfect for a quick casual lunch or dinner !
it is so nice to be helped by clerks who are so knowledgeable . their expertise is worth the trip .
nice atmosphere , food was right on , service was great too . definitely make a reservation .
best . food . everr . errr ! reviewin words
wonderful service and the food was all tremendous . try the onion tart and the cream of mushroom soup .
the real deal , experts . i wouldn't go anywhere else ! get scheduled ! various shades of tint and keep it legal .
great food on an equally beautiful presentation in a beautiful restaurant ! definitely recommend .
try taro milk tea , add green tea jelly
great place to stop in for frites and a duvel on a cold afternoon . excellent service . great atmosphere .
great food , awesome service , authentic ambience ! friendly staff . good and lassi was great .
excellent place , for a fun time . food and drinks are very good , along with great service
great tasting coffee in a quaint neighbourhood . very cool atmosphere and nice staff . would highly recommend trying this place out .
promt , courteous service . we bring our german shepherd and three cats here and have been very pleased !
good food , a little loud for me , but a wonderful slice of boston . everyone loved it !
i had a great shopping experience today at fred meyer i am happy to shop at gateway freddie's
best dental center ever ! becca was absolutely amazing . everyone made me feel so comfortable ! thank you
excellent sandwiches . been there forever ! just good old fashioned comfort food . recommended for anyone who loves those deli delights !
great neighborhood bar . cool staff . bartenders have great personalities . managers are solid . food is just okay . atmosphere is unrivaled .
one of my fav wine bars in se . cozy . friendly . lovely wine . sellwood soooo needed this place !
flew in from cali and met some friends here , sooooooo good . chill vibes and delicious food
nothing to fault . great vibe , great coffee . garden is perfect . the baked goods are delicious and varied . friendly , helpful staff .
soooo yummy ! i had homemade granola and lemon ricotta pancakes . delish !
awesome breakfast ! super nice waitress natalie ! was our first time trying this place was quite happy
creative and original mexican dining in a casual and intimate setting
i love this place . the food is so great and i think fairly priced for the amount and quality .
chili mac chee ! get it , love it , come back for more .
staff is very kind and seek to make it a pleasurable experience . food is on point too .
great food and drinks . i love the their carne asada . lots of options on drinks . good service .
very authentic chinese style egg pocket . with various choice of protein . chinese sausage very tasty .
they have fresh chips , great salsa ! their queso wasn't very good . they have great margaritas !
super lobstr role und lobster mac' n cheese . solltet ihr salem besuchen , ist dieses restaurant einen besuch wert !
we tried chef mike a few days ago . lobster roll was very good ! nice patio seating also . attentive service .
this is the best laundry ever . best service . always clean . it is a little pricey but it's worth it .
great tacos ! queso dip is a winner !
oh ma goodness . the pretzels are amazing ! and the cinnamon sticks . delicious ! and the lemonade is pretty good as well !
hammy's is reliable and has a great vegan pizza ! super fast delivery , too .
came back ! they also have solid coffee . the latte is really good .
great happy hour ! they definitely like lime . pass on the guacamole but their sauces are fantastic
my favorite bar in portland . always a great beer selection , great food , and almost always great service .
busy but nice quality authentic ramen , great for lunch
no frills . just great food and service at reasonable prices . the best grub near pdx airport .
healthy food for a low price with great portions . i'm here everyday when i'm at work .
awesome food irish bacon sandwiches , insane pot pies , etc . , great beers , and the service is exceptional . love this place .
excellent coffee and the hot pies are superb . best bakery in town . also spotlessly clean and friendly service .
tina is outstanding ! listens to my needs and always give the best massages ! highly recommend her !
this is my favorite chinese food . i love the chicken wings they make very good rice and lots of food .
tasty , very tasty . great warehouse space in se , too . ample seating nice space to work out of , too .
nice place food is good and service is great . we ordered soboro beef tofu don which was delicious .
this apartment complex is the perfect location from downtown ! i truly enjoyed my stay here . great friendly atmosphere .
just wanted a quick coffee on my way to the airport and found the best coffee in portland .
yummy lobster rolls ! love the soft bun fast service . cool young hip spot for bostonian !
holy hell ! best meal ! the caprese salad was the best i have ever had . our server is darling .
super friendly staff , always consistently great food ! i recommend trying the steak and cheese sub !
i don't always eat pizza . but when i do , it's jets . lots of choices , none of them bad .
i highly recommend this place . amazing pop corn flavors ! i went in and wanted every flavor they offered .
we happened upon this place yummy ! fish taco and enchiladas were great . fun salsa bar ! will be back !
i love this place , the pizza it's amazing , fresh , crispy and tasting , i think everyone needs to try
fairly close to home and just love the fact you can watch buckeye games for free ! o h . !
this is one of our favorite thai restaurants . the service is excellent and personal and the food is great .
definite place to visit if your looking for good food and a cool atmosphere in austin
i enjoyed the service i received from this company . the rates were reasonable and the driver was courteous .
i admit it ! i love dunkin coffee more than starbucks ! the prices are better too .
really nice and helpful bartenders . plus a great beer selection and no douche bags .
open til am and tasty dogs , yum . love the ' chevy
gyro's are good . could do with a little more lamb . greek salad is phenom . great feta cheese .
best mexican food in town . great service and great pricing . ask for the flan . truly and authentic mexican restaurant .
dr quinn has worked with me since and i get very good treatment from him . thanks doc .
santrell was great ! she's a bartender with dreads ask for her . pretty and great service .
great place all round . thanks for the wam welcome from vera !
good happy hour spot . blue cheese chips , yum .
i had a shellac manicure weeks ago and not one chip ! my nails look fantastic ! definitely going back !
leo was awesome ! he came out quickly and reasonably priced ! definitely recommend ! aaaa service !
a fantastic store with fantastic clothes . the owner is incredibly sweet , very helpful and has amazing taste in clothes .
our favorite local happy hour spot ! chicken peanut yaya roll and fish tacos are our favorites !
they always get my steak perfect the mashed potatoes are amazing and the bartender is awesome
good food and good service ! love the pho , and the rice bowls . excellent salad rolls too !
rd time at tiffins and so glad we came back . lobster bisque and octopus apps are the way to go .
one of the best deep dish outside of chicago i have ever had greatest you wont ne disappointed
great seafood , not a big fan of the cajun seasonings , but just my preference . the food is still good though .
great place ! great service ! they left my car shining and spotless . im definitely coming back . great job !
great dentist ! been going for years ! never felt pain ! friendly staff and very accommodating
fabulous find ! tim's rib eye and my prime rib were both fabulous ! our server , craig , was awesome ! we highly recommend !
awesome pad thai ! very nice people too . call ahead for to go orders though , they get busy !
one of the best pizza in town , try caesar chicken wrap also , very delicious .
such a cute and cozy location ! the food is great and their mimosas use fresh squeezed oj !
smaller than expected but good atmosphere , good service , good location and good price . definitely go give it a try !
great service , very professional , wonderful experience . highly recommend working with eric and his team .
i will follow this food truck anywhere . they have great homade pastrami and corned beef .
brunch was awesome . the drinks were fun and tasty . the food was fabulous . it was a fantastic meal .
portland's oregon best steakhouse with impeccable service and attention to details . yum .
very nice shop . they have a huge selection of fabric at great prices .
hands down . this is the best italian cuisine in boston . or maybe in the world .
absolutely delicious food especially their brunch ! yummy drinks and great service . definitely recommend it !
food was amazing . customer service was amazing . drinks were pricey but strong so kinda worth it .
i love voodoo doughnuts ! they have a great variety and a special atmosphere .
very impressed with puspa ! i love my brows now and the eyebrow package definitely seems worth it d
great tacos , friendly atmosphere and wonderful staff . we enjoyed meeting the owners and hearing their stories . highly recommend this place !
we use them all the time for our corporate catering events . amazingly life altering tomato orange soup !
had an awesome patio area with a bar and it's pet friendly . lots of space . nice breeze . love it !
this is my spot ! excellent neighborhood bar . service , food , and drinks are always top notch !
great place , been there twice , i made a piggy bank today
amazing ! we were visiting our cu student for the weekend and ate here twice because it was so good !
loved the food , service , and atmosphere ! my favorite was the mushroom ragu ! definitely coming back .
such good ice cream . so many flavors to choose from . always get great service here .
my first time eating cuban food , and it was really good . love the plantains ! i will be back .
always fresh and yummy food ! the restaurant has a very nice atmosphere and great mixed drinks , too .
i just love it this ice ny because tastes good and is nearby my house so is realy good .
went there tonight after passing through town . picked up a roni mushroom cooked well done . a great pie !
good burgers , nice atmosphere , best sweet potato tots ever . parking is tough , smack in the middle of downtown
best polynisein food outside hawaii ! ask for sue as ur server she's my chinese mom !
liz burns is fantastic !
i really enjoyed my salad . lovely presentation . yummy food , fancy desserts . we plan to go back to try more .
great place , clean new chairs and supplies . if you want nail art this is the place to go .
great food and huge portions . have been here a few times and will definitely keep coming back .
great place ! clean and up to date facilities with a fun vibe and nice staff . will definitely return !
big b's was a great little place . the staff was great , friendly helpful and knowledgeable . price reasonable . good selection . key lime pie yummm
food and service are always great , but this location has awful parking and it is very loud inside .
amazing meaty spare ribs and all around great chinese . crispy egg rolls ! it's like being baal in new york
i came in on the saturday buffet . very good . authentic taiwanese food . i will definitely be back .
excellent food , including vegan choices , and extremely nice staff . everybody liked what they got . we'll definitely go back .
very tasty crepe and easy take out process ! plenty parking on the back for people who drive as well .
absolutely delicious , great vibes , rustic , upscale , friendly genuine staff with great recommendations .
i am here for lunch and i am enjoying my brisket sandwich , i like a little more seasoning personally .
omg . the grilled chicken . cooked to perfection . and the mac cheese . pure heaven . thanks to yelp and a dear friend for the recommendation .
love me some double ds ! classic with both soft and hard shell , gotta have classic beef !
great food . nice atmosphere . lots of kiddos though , quite a lot of kids .
visited during a vacation to florida . jennifer was really nice and helpful ! thanks for your assistance and service !
had my expedition towed today , driver was quick and efficient , very friendly . thanks again !
the food and waitress were great ! i had the salmon etiquette with smothered potatoes . i will visit again .
amazing improvement from their opening . the roasted brussel sprouts on special were outstanding . i'll be back !
great selection of beers and has a huge menu . waiting times are expwcted , but worth it .
ate there for lunch today . cheese enchilada verde was awesome ! the salsa and chips are great ! service was really good .
best convenience store ever ! i love the peach green tea here . clean place and nice staff !
busy but great service ! all the people behind the counter were smiling and my coffee was awesome !
kristen is very professional and respectful of my time ! my lashes last and are beautiful !
pretty awesome ! loved this place ! while there , i got a chance to meet an incredible artist . amazing
i love the all you can eat special . one of my favorites is the dynamite roll . very fast service !
this place is my new found home . i love the sandwiches . the 'tornado' wont disappoint you . very pleasantly surprised .
we've only tried them once for takeout but it was good stuff . we'll be back .
always clean and well managed by travis . best location i have ever been to . i feel completely comfortable and welcome .
love this place , best coffee , desserts , atmosphere . my only complaint is that customer service could be better .
this place is adorable , service is great , and the food is fantastic . try the fresh roles and the juices .
best lamb gyro i've ever had . and i've been to greece ! friendly and hard working staff .
really fantastic waffle combinations , and well curated shows in the gallery in back . also big garage door window bar !
eran came this morning to clean out a clog in our vent . he was friendly , professional , on time and quick .
the best . everything we have ever gotten perfect . owners are wonderful . chicken kabob garden salad awesome . roast beef sandwiches delicious .
this place is awesome and it is not your typical resturant ! drinks and food is awesome !
taco bell is better than anyone gives them credit for . . so i gotta do it i guess
love this place . great vibe , lots of things to eat and check out . great neighborhood spot !
best damn burgers on south congress ! they're quite pricey but you get what you pay for .
just the most amazing atmosphere and gorgeous looking staff . only stop in if you love having a splendid time .
love b good ! one of my fav spots in boston for all meals . highly recommended if your in the area !
terrific fun . jason was a great host . lots of fun and it's fantastic this is in the suburbs .
great food , arrived on time . we'll order again when visiting boston in the future ! thank u so much !
great customer service and solution oriented people running the show ! thank you so much for your help vicky !
awesome atmosphere and great beer ! following cdc guidelines but still providing a great experience .
don't let the outside place fool you . they have a great food and great service for a cheap price !
great place to swim . clean facility . warm showers . plenty of lanes .
star food , but the overall decor is average . overall an amazing experience . would highly recommend it .
pros no cover charge decent size gets crowded cons it gets hot ! small bathrooms music could be better
these people work hard , great service , friendly vibe , good cappuccino and muffin . sandwiches looked good too
liam was very knowledgeable and personable . learned many things that i did not know about boston . great tour !
this is nice theater . it's clean , located in the mall next to food court . very accommodating .
good god almighty ! the jamaican jerk chicken with candied yams is boss . the frozen margaritas are on point too .
die neue harry potter atraktion ist der hit . muss man erlebt haben .
great place for fresh smoothies without having to add yogurt . great service and very convenient for less calorie smoothies
fantastic pizza with real service and authentic surroundings . from suits to working class fill the booths .
one of the best restraunts in all of portland ! the portions are big too , also go during happy hour
fantastic philly hamburger . juicy . fries crispy on outside soft inside . good waitstaff .
simply outstanding . the food is great and it is a little funky fun place ! not open for lunch
small , cozy neighborhood spot . very good food with nice service . small , comfortable outside patio was very inviting .
good burgers and amazing custard with smiling faces . that is all . just go try it .
good food and atmosphere people are nice refill drinks regularly . i will return soon to eat again
amazing matcha latte as well as dessert . the customer service was great as well . i would definitely go back again .
homey little place . it was like eating in somebody's kitchen . food was delicious and hot .
always fast , always friendly , always good . my default sandwich place while i'm at work blocks away
need a fast , high quality bite to eat ? this is the go too . truly nothing better in cbus
everytime donna lucia's staff takes their time and is on time . qinderful service . their eyebrow procedure is unbelievable great .
european atmosphere . wood everywhere even the floors . delicious brewed coffee , now . for th anniversary . muffins and squares are enormous .
great customer service ! very attentive and willing to spend time making sure you get the best fit .
fast service french fries were perfectly crisp . nice location . would skip on the .
fantastic , our first visit , great pink cake , coffee and menudo . homemade flour tortillas
we are fans of izakayas and this one did not disappoint . the food was interesting and tasty . authentic atmosphere .
it's what you would expect from a smoothie place . checks all the boxes . clean . convenient . delicious .
i love it ! beautiful , fun , entertaining . i will come back at my very first opportunity .
nice cold brew coffee , moderate acidity , rich and full body , mild , unique and smooth flavor .
best parma , italy sandwich ever ! gigantic portions . reasonably priced and great wait staff . i totally recommend it .
best blt i've ever had ! juicy veggie burger with avocado . good stuff .
fantastic service . cristal consistently gives you the haircut you want ! clean location and friendly staff .
crawfish etouffee and boudin balls were amazing . will tell everyone i know about this place !
great experience . the food was fresh and delicious ! the server was excellent and very accommodating !
live music , excellent and authentic food !
a huge variety of succulents in different sizes , all healthy and hardy looking plants . good prices too .
my go to take out place . amazing pad thai !
this has an amazing setting , extremely clean atmosphere , and pleasant . the staff and owner was perfect . great food and service .
great service , even better food . chicken was almost as good as mama's ! shortrib was outstanding . will be back !
here on vacation and wanted to try something different for lunch . very tasty . everything we had was great .
the food is great . always fresh . service is fast . great price point . i frequent here often . it's a must do .
if your looking for friendly speedy service with a itbin coffee house environment , this is the place .
good food ! good sized portions . the spice sauce is a wonderful mixture of sweet and spicy .
the sushi was phenomenal ! the rolls have great presentation and taste delicious . great service . i will definitely be back
highly recommend the fried chicken , perfectly cooked and excellent red bliss potatoes ! great wine , great service , nice atmosphere .
i eat here once or twice a week . it's awesome . the best and least expensive thai food ever .
this place is amazing , the pedicure was great , friendly staff , reasonable price , highly recommend .
kara was fantastic ! i had a brazilian keratin treatment and it came out great . i'll definitely be back !
friendly staff and the pizza is good . great place to watch hockey with a laid back atmosphere .
buffalo teriyaki is on point . three mile island meltdown is just enough to break sweat . great crispy wings .
great for bringing your spouse , girl friend , best bud , or whom ever for either special dinning or just casual enjoyment .
good service but eyes are about and ended up getting new glasses for reading and driving .
best bubble tea in boston ! great staff and makes their drinks really well . they're really fast and nice .
food is good . service is awesome . the staff are very friendly . i would recommend this place to everyone .
great food and atmosphere we live in and love niwot . sure to become one of our regular spots !
dan discovered a beautiful property with great views . the property is perfect for my family !
very tasty food good service . i'm not a huge fan of the bar setting the loud music !
clean , nice atmosphere , very good food and fair prices . everything we had was delicious and we will go back again .
boom ! love this place . kicks anna's butt for sure . great food and cheap !
ask for fatima ! she is the best !
friendly service . reasonable price . fun for all of us . some challenge but not frustrating for the kids ! we'd come back .
great food tonight on christmas day . very kind and hard working people at this thundercloud .
amazing food . great deal too . it's the best in the city . my news favorite
very good portions . surprised to see a huge chunk of lobster meat ! awesome !
amazing ramen , their appetizers is something you shouldn't miss out especially their chicken wing and their krappy patty's , it's amazing
such a neighborhood gem . relaxed , super covid safe , and reliably delicious food every time .
great vibes , good coffee , a lot of seating
nice big space . open bar . great place to host a party .
absolutely fresh and delicious . very friendly too ! great atmosphere . highly recommended .
quaint little restaurant . excellent service by juan . good food . great tiramisu and good coffee . would definitely go again .
amazing and healthy ! after one visit , i'm a lifer ! well worth a try if you're in the neighborhood !
great food . exceptional service . highly recommend the lamb chops .
one of the true gems in cambridge . live music is always a great time . try the fish tacos !
excellent service , personal approach . makes you feel welcomed and comfortable .
weekend morning is the best time . almost anyone there and quiet .
had the chicken fried rice and yellow tail sashimi ! both were great and so was our waitress rachel !
this place is dog friendly in the summer ! what else do i need to say , great food delicious pastry .
of my favorite places to eat , smoke hookah and chill . porsha is a great waitress . the chef is always on point .
beautiful establishment , amazing customer service , talented masseurs . great prices for the experience and level of service .
every neighborhood should have a bakery as ridiculously good as mamadou's . some of the best bread you'll find anywhere .
burritos here are the best of all the carts . dont forget to get the avocado salsa .
shocked to find latin food here . service is great . i'll be back real soon . gonna try the pupusas next time
soooooooooo f n gooooood ! best churrascaria ever ! obrigado .
great cheesesteaks ! consistent , inexpensive , and a friendly atmosphere . you can't beat it !
great little pub . they're open late , have great service and tasty food . the sunday brunch is delicious !
was hooked the moment we stepped in ! the service was upbeat and friendly . the food and margs were absolutely delicious .
great for lunch break stop . sandwich was made so fast . freaky fast . employees were fantastic and enthusiastic .
great place . glen is the best gm in town !
gorgeous views and amazing food and drink . a must for anyone visiting from out of town .
the girls working here were very friendly and upbeat . not at all pretentious or weird . the honey lavender is delish !
i love this place ! fast , fresh , cheap , delicious . try the horchata with a shot of espresso delish .
david knows his bubbles , the selection is fantastic and the venue is really intimate . an awesome edition to pdx .
small seating area with about seats . if you're looking for authentic chinese food , look no further .
yummy eggs benedict huge breakfast burrito breakfast sandwich amazing great area for puppies and kiddos
great steaks and service . it's a bit more formal than i normally go but for occasions it fills the bill .
great food . great service . convenient . accessible . what more could your ask for ?
closed permanently . and it's so sad . it was a thriving restaurant and we'd go all the time .
great starbucks . friendly and nice outdoor seating .
a fantastic meal in vancouver ! the sea bass had wonderful flavor and the oyster selection was impressive . overall excellent .
buffet was delicious ! plenty of options , even if you are strictly vegetarian . the staff was very friendly !
fast and friendly services with great prices ! the menu is plentiful and the specials are always outside of the box .
went for lunch , priced great , delicious sushi , super nice people , and a great environment . highly recommend .
all the workers are so friendly . i am never disappointed in any of the arrangements .
our new favorite restaurant ! amazing food , atmosphere ! delicious ! stars ! the chicken is incredible !
hot and sour soup is excellent ! staff is always friendly . never had a dish i didn't like . great !
the best pizza i've found in vancouver area . great selection of beers . great service and very friendly staff .
phenomenal service excellent drink program and possibly the friendliest most accommodating floor team in the city . love it
tasty fresh food friendly take out restaurant . i'll definitely visit them again soon .
fried shrimp . wrapped in bacon . need i say more ?
i tried oat stout , saison vert , and vert four blends in a small glass . saisons here are epic !
get their best shave and let yourself be pampered . best minutes i've spent in quite a while .
mouthgasma a little disappointed they ran out of ribs , but everything else they had was on point ! sooooooo good !
youskyme chicken teriyaki bowl and egg rolls a definite death row meal for me !
this place is no joke . up there with the best tacos in portland , their other options are amazing too !
good croissants , but small and uncomfortable . they seem to get overflow from the overcrowded waffle places nearby .
fun atmosphere and tasty food . the garlic fries are amazing . i recommend getting the boil with the signature sauce .
very good burger , my wife and i were surprised at how od it was
good food , quick service . i like they number chicken sandwich . this place is my favorite fast food .
the yoga bowl was super refreshing , well portioned , and quite tasty . my corgi enjoyed the bow wow bowl too .
remarkable pie an excellent beet salad !
price very good with validation stamp ! thanks for the previous reviewers for the tips .
love this place . good food , loved their refreshing drinks . great customer service as well .
fantastic food and fast service . everything on the menu is great . might want to make reservations at the busier times .
unpleasantly crowded at am , but delicious egg sandwich and latte . probably very cozy at a different hour .
i love going here with my son . the wait is usually long but worth it because the bar b q is delicious ,
this place apparently has a rodent infestation . i saw two giant ones wandering around interacting with the little kids .
i've been to the oat shop three times and i would honestly go more often if it's in boston .
great selection of tapas . pace yourself . order a few at a time , have a drink , order more . yumy um
my favorite atlanta cigar shop . good selection and friendly atmosphere . giant plasma screen with sports .
loved the fish taco ! it was fresh and sauce was great . can wait to come back to try something else .
fantastic experience great , friendly service , wonderful food that reminded me of being back in athens , and they even had mastika !
good food . good service . enjoyed moo shu chicken , sweet and sour chicken , shrimp noodle soup . can't wait to try more .
this fine chocolatier offers amazing confections . when making the rounds , definitely check them out .
juicy burger ! fast and friendly service ! music was good too ! clean environment ! will be back again !
excellent service , clean and well maintained salon , friendly staff . did a wonderful mani pedi with all the extras !
my favourite chipotle location . everyone is always friendly and the portion sizes are ideal . i visit this location frequently
great food but drinks are very expensive and the service is a little slow .
very good massage . excellent customer service . will make future appointments when i am in portland oregon .
this guy went out of his way to help me . thank you alvin . honest and good quality service .
fabulous service and beautiful nails ! i got a pedicure and an sns full set . they look awesome !
this place is he bomb . they have ridiculously good cold brew . what the hell is starbucks anyway ?
very unique place . enjoyed . ordered a sandwich . very plain . staff were very friendly helpful .
i loved this place good food friendly and affordable , i would go again
great beer , great owner , and amazing food ! you have to visit the tap room here because it's amazing !
great outside seating enjoy watching the planes come in . food is basic , but good . good casual spot .
huge ! kind of overwhelming but a must see , great is you know what you are looking for .
had several lunches here . spicy poke bowl . mediterranean salad . fresh and tasty with rapid prep . indoor and outdoor seating
excellent food and romario is a great server . loved the experience . would definitely come again .
unbelievably delicious , definitely california's little saigon quality . the banh cuon and the bun cha are my top choices .
jaymee is the best ! super knowledgeable , friendly , and talented . love how my hair turned out
love this place ! highly recommended to try it out ! so delicious , you can't go wrong with their food !
love it here ! good quality food with awesome prices ! best hibachi restaurant in vancouver !
one of my favorite restaurants . the beer is good and so is the food . service is always great as well .
the macarons here are extremely authentic and have an amazing taste ! always worth the bike trip
amazing caribbean food ! live music was great , he played some good jamaican tunes . great atmosphere !
my wife and i used their photo booth in shangri la in east austin and got awesome photos !
good food , great beer . high esteem is brewed here . give it a shot ya dangus
second time and second location . unbelievable crust and freshness . staff attentive and friendly . wish i had one closer to home .
amazing service , outstanding staff and delicious food at a good price . and love the greek authenticity .
love the balls , and the chef driver is one friendly dude .
it can be a really fun place , lacking in douche baggery . but that guy , j something , is really a dick
cannoli , neapolitan pastry cupcakes omg all is amazing ! love this place and def want to go back right now
great coffee and huge salads . got the house blend salad and it was delicious ! great spot for a quick bite .
great place for breakfast . best bang for the buck with great service . love their shredded hash browns .
busy busy and busy . make sure you read the sides and get there early . this place is massive .
great service . not the best seafood . excellent character interactions . soda , beer and wine . opened buffet . good deserts
loved the sashimi salad , crab rangoon and shao mai ! bing was a great waitress and very attentive .
food is good . would be excellent if they would add some carnitas and spice up the chilie verde .
great service and pizza ! love it here . my go to for a guaranteed delicious order . pizza always on point
the must go place after party .
my old fashion was outstanding . wow great job guys . cool place to hang out and take care of business .
got my cat years ago . she had an eye infection which we quickly cured
each dish was fresh with quality ingredients and big portions . waitstaff was extremely nice .
best quick food downtown . the staff and owners are always nice and welcome you with a smile .
got drip coffee black and it was delicious ! vibes are nice here too . vegan options available too .
the food was definitely good , but the employees were a little confused , didn't seem to know what they were doing .
pipe tobacco , and cohiba robusto . , cohiba torpedo . and cohiba churchill . . best prices in america .
crab . octopus . kale . sprouts . frites . daiquiri . all very good . just some notes here for later reference . .
best massage i've ever had . luxurious and relaxing atmosphere . wonderful and knowledgeable staff .
good place for both breakfast and lunch . breakfast egg platter was very good and includes fresh fruit .
great staff , very polite and friendly . i really loved my port lo mein and general to chicken .
the food is sooooo amazing ! roy the great is an awesome manager . i soooo will be coming back !
great service very quick and friendly . the staff are super nice and the escape rooms are very fun !
so many dreams have already come true at rma of texas austin . dr . skillern and her team are amazing .
food was great . stars stars because service was a little slow . enjoyed the lamb appetizer and hyderabadi chicken .
always a great experience at tucci ! great atmosphere , friendly service , and consistently good food .
this was my first wax experience . they were professional and knowledgeable . will definitely be returning !
surprisingly tasty . the black beans and rice were excellent as was the beef sandwich .
large portions of very tasty food , excellent service , and the falafel is made to order . wonderful place for quick mediterranean .
two words mint lemonade . liquid refreshment on a hot summer day begins and ends here .
super good and super cheap burritos ! made to order , and they have real coca colas .
great steak frites . ottman and trey are great behind the bar . place gets cookin' when jimmy the stasche rolls in .
service was very fast , food was delicious . i would definitely go back . make a reservation .
i had so much fun with austin eats food tour . such a fun time !
first bbq place i wanted to return to . peach cobbler is old fashioned and the ribs ! falling off the bone !
i've used kathy twice and both have been a perfect comfy fit in extremely fast service !
yumtown ! such awesome dishes ! i get the combo bowl and it lasts me three days .
good beef curry ! get the three curry sampler dishes . decent flavours for a great price .
the azteca salad was huge and delicious . great healthy choice . good chicken quesadilla and burrito . service is very slow though .
support local bookstores . this one probably has what you need . books on books on books .
my favorite place for poutine ! i'm craving it right now . their meat sandwiches are very very tasty toooo
excellence . it's like my dream shop . can't wait to buy more for my home brewing needs .
decent authentic sichuan food . much better than sichuan gourmet . service needs to improve .
beautiful park ! so many trails , beautiful trees , fresh air . this place is fantastic !
i luv my searver addy . she was legit the bomb . the restaurant has gr t breadsticks and the pasta was a .
only place local that shows steelers games !
dylan was super helpful and knowledgable . i appreciated the insight to make my running more comfortable for my knees .
they have the best soup pork dumplings in town ! the service is what's expected during really busy hours .
delicious lobster stuffed boston scrod which is just baby cod , tasty fat mussels and decent prosciutto wrapped salmon
not a better place to get a soup sandwich combo ! gf especially
when i just have to have fresh fish n chips , this is the place in new westminster .
great place to eat . great staff ! authentic japanese cuisine . was an unbelievable experience five star quality restaurant food
love going to freddy's because it is so old school and the menu items are delicious .
for a synthetic oil change . helpful and knowledgeable mechanics . definitely recommend
love the emerald aisle . and the seamless rental pick up and drop off experience . nice work national .
got oil change and bought tires buy get . david and pat very professional and very helpful .
group of last night at artu . food , service , wine all excellent . bolognese was knee buckling .
huge unique menu ! including these are my favs gluten free fried chicken ! rice flour poke spicy tofu
had the best experience here ! staff was friendly and knowledgeable and the service was quick ! will definitely come back !
can't beat the idyllic small town street outdoor venue with delicious coffee and mimosas .
good food . nice service . ordered the catfish . usually don't eat catfish . but was very delicious . nicely arranged to
i like the original tart . and it is good here ! one of my favs along with tcby . fortunately it's close .
yoooooooooooooo ! it's good ! really good ! have you been yet ? if not you should ! so go now ! because it's good !
you get what you pay for . the boots are spendy but they are absolutely beautiful and top quality .
there is true thought and craft that goes into these hotdogs . i was impressed by the irish banger .
the food was good . we've been to both locations and definitely like the downtown one better .
his crew is good and responsive . highly recommended . five stars
good authentic ramen . lots of selection . i had the spicy chicken and it wasn't too spicy .
never bought a boat here but have gotten lots of parts . love there parts guys
yummmmmmmm . the cinnamon rolls are amazing . coffee is perfect . will be back for more !
great drinks and the south west chicken egg rolls were the bomb !
the striped bass ! the shrimp and scallops ! they are doing a good job , but those dishes are crave material !
good donuts and coffee near the trimet station by pioneer square . love the natural tree wood slab railings .
very nice atmosphere , accommodating sushi chefs , servers and the host was absolutely fierce ! a fun whimsical place to eat !
this place is great food and reasonable pricing ! love their salsa and chips . staff is friendly !
surprisingly good restaurant . good place for lunch . tasty . they actually have plates and silverware . fairly clean and quick service
my favorite place to grab a quick vietnamese baguette . you'll definitely get your bang for the buck here !
so good ! we had a large group and everybody loved it . best dinner we've had in a long time !
fresh traditional poke . so happy to welcome this new spot to the neighborhood ! it's so so good .
pretty good food , even better ambiance and music . i definitely have a good time here .
hands tear tangy bread worlds of flavor packed in vegetables and meat
this was a great place , really felt comfortable . the food was well made and tasted good . i would go back .
my pooch love it here . just wish they have more trash can accessible . tall fence and well kept dog park
great massaman curry . alway seems to be full . limited parking . the tom ka soup is very good here .
fantastic bar with great bartenders with recommendations to the best local breweries in town . go here !
love this place but wait can be long . great ramen and worth the wait .
katie did an awesome job on my gel pedicure . it lasted over a month ! i will definitely be back .
moms lasagna was awesome . had alot of choices and was very filling . i would recommend it .
tasty cupcakes ! great variety . both regular and mini sized . loved the red velvet and the chocolate fudge !
this is the best ramen vendor in portland and i can practice my japanese with the staff .
service , hotel , and my room were good . no complaints . i would return again .
nice , clean location !
best vegan spot around ! pad thai and supreme nachos are amazing ! service is great and don't forget vegan dessert !
great food and very friendly place . i'm a big fan of their chicken parm subs . thanks for the great service
great drinks . kerry is the best bartender . karaoke on thursdays . great burgers . what more could you ask for ?
great food to sit and relax for a couple of hours . the owner is attentiave and nice . recomended to all .
quick and efficient . personable staff . quick to greet and great attitudes . i believe it is owner operated . highly recommend .
i usually just go for their spaghetti and meatballs and it works for me . great food . good consistency and service .
the food was pretty alright , slightly pricey . the view is amazing and our server was very friendly with us .
so needed . great foot massage . place was clean but not pristine . make an appointment . they are always booked .
delicious . fresh . super tasty . house made pita and pickles . if you haven't been here your missing out .
friendly and knowledgeable staff , fantastic baked goods . buffet looked amazing ! clean bathrooms ! super fun ! awesome decor !
so much beer . so much chicken . what else do you need , for real . love the recent makeover , too .
i love the library in grove city . the location is perfect . good parking . friendly staff . we go here often .
good place to have steak far away from downtown . and more reasonable too .
cheap and tasty cocktails . gave the bartender free reign , and she was a great mixologist ! worth a stop !
lamb sandwich was amazing . i will definitely go back again . they also have the biggest and most delicious baklava .
happened again , damn dog . love this place ! her hair feels conditioned n she smells great . saved me again
about time we got a good neighborhood bar and restaurant . great food and better tequila !
pretty good , was quiet , ate there on way to airport . buffet lunch . friendly staff quick service
great food at a great price . people were helpful and attentive . delicious pizza and pasta . highly recommend !
food is very good , authentic .
very interesting . the gentleman that spoke in the church was very knowledgeable . many other things to see in the area .
probably the cleanest wrap job in boston .
i love snow clab legs . that's my favorite in here , but i still miss the boiling crab in la .
first time there today . nice store huge selection . dangerous intersection . npwh
great bank good community involvement excellent service
delicious food , great portions , awesome service . been here many times and am always happy . definitely recommend .
good burgers , but especially the shroom burger . great alternative to the normal beefy special .
this food is absolutely tasty . i had the chicken koobideh and really enjoyed it . wonderful job !
people are too hard on this place . it's actually awesome that they're open . more places should be open
i would recommend the lobster roll which was excellent for the price . the burgers and salads were very good .
i am a california girl and have been here about two months . finally authentic mexican food ! great service and amazing food .
delicious ! this was amazing . the meatball was to die for . and the wood fired oven bread was incredible !
great oysters and warm lobster roll . place is a bit small , perfect for dining alone or for couples . tight squeeze .
the brunch was awesome , the place isn't huge though . will be back to try more , very unique
good coffee , friendly service . good muffin egg sandwich . resisted the temptation to eat the treats , but they looked tasty too !
cute cafe in the middle of a cute neighborhood . great lunch spot my besty and i like to go to .
the best in town mediterranean . bit costly compared to quantity . wraps are good than rice plates .
the produce at sweetgreen exceptionally fresh ! their sustainable message is wonderful , and i can't wait to come back !
this place has everything from clothes , furniture , garden supplies , dishes . a must see and shop place . i love it !
it's so italian the ambiance is great on a nice summer afternoon sipping chilean cab and eating oysters .
i seriously think this place has the best burgers ! that's all that matter when comin here
good quality pizzas , slow wait times but worth it . order ahead to save time . recommend the special .
the biscuits cafe here on mt . scott off of johnson creek blvd has consistently good customer service and delicious food .
beautiful girls , great service , and a great time . dances are pretty cheap compared to denver dance prices . would go again .
authentic italian , fresh and delicious . you have to stop by no . alimentari and try the pistachio semifreddo
omg , this place is fabulous ! definitely my favorite store on the square . great merchandise , great prices , and local !
valentina's food is delicious ! my favorite is the brisket taco . this is a true south austin food truck gem .
yummy thai food . though they don't have the traditional level of spice . the grilled pork with sticky rice is amazing .
jean is so amazing ! i've had nothing but excellent experiences with at vancouver massage .
pretty tasty thin crust pizza . friendly staff and friendly boss owner . great atmosphere for hanging out with friends .
efficient , gets through the line quickly and the owner is kind and friendly . convenient location with lots of parking .
love this place ! the food is just devine and the service is outstanding . plus it is close to home .
this shop have very good service . i very recommend . he charge fair price . nothing worry
customer service is fantastic ! very attentive and personable waiters that make sure you are a happy diner . love the salsa .
yvonne's is the best place for after hours craft cocktails . the ambience , decor , service , and delicious appetizers will not disappoint !
i have never had a bad meal at davenport ale house ! great service great food ! , in years .
great first time visit ! delicious food . busy friday night but worth the short wait . we'll be back !
great new addition to hot bridge park location in dublin . great food . get the po' boy !
yummy . one of the best ice creams in vancouver . worth the minute wait today . will definitely come back .
great jamaican cuisine . good size portions . love the brown stew chicken , peas and rice . nice restaurant seating .
amazing pie shakes ! choose your piece of pie , they will make it into shake . yummy stuff !
staff are friendly . the drinks are perfectly made . i will definitely come back soon
terrific caffe americanos here . it was waaaayyyy better than the sbux in the hotel .
glossy crust , chewy interior . actual bagel , not the usual round bread bagel impersonator .
i love this place and always make an effort to stop by when i'm at home from college !
great atmosphere staff was very accommodating and food was great the drinks were very good
it's like a little hidden gem in portland . super cheap prices and fab prints . no minimums either !
super good quality burger and super friendly people at the counter . great first visit i'll definitely be back .
solid for this great little restaurant ! excellent food , very fresh , great all around !
the spinach falafel was phenomenal . the hummus and platter for was also pretty good . excellent bread !
great place to come hang out . great food and place to watch all your football games .
awesome veggie sandwiches , etc . and friendly staff . reasonably priced as well . great music as well .
great photos at great prices . very professional . i use greg for all of my real estate listings !
best frozen yogurt i have ever eaten ! great atmosphere and friendly people . the cakes are to die for !
highly recommend the spicy margaritas ! i had the mango avocado roll and a sweet potato roll . both were delicious .
excellent service . bison burger really flavorful and juicy . employees very nice and helpful .
love the ambiance . so sexy ! bartenders are real humble tradesmen in their field of expertise . love the driftwood sazerac
macaroni and cheese was excellent as was the shrimp po boy . brilliant in the words of my year old son .
favorite bakery in atlanta ! i recommend the dirty chai and twice baked almond croissants
eat the really tasty thai food quickly so you can get to the best part the fried ice cream .
the ropa vieja was excellent . the portion was huge ! yuca con mojo and black beans were on point to .
great location and good briyani !
italian subs just like the ones i get back home in massachusetts , but without the yankee surliness .
delicious ! reasonably priced and more importantly , it is just the right about of szechuan !
hands down best modern mexican food i've ever had . great atmosphere and service not to mention amazing margaritas
i've been to a lot of nail places and this place is my favorite ! they always get the shape right !
the absolute best threading studio around ! i've been coming here for over a year and refuse to go anywhere else .
if you ever find yourself in beverly , ma you must visit wrapture ! it's delicious , fresh and quick .
amazing selection and best full set i've had . so fast and did a beautiful job . they look perfect .
the interior is adorable , the selection is massive and delicious , and the staff is lovely and efficient ! highly recommend
good coffee , nice ambiance , good vibe great place to hang out
what a great place . food was amazing , staff friendly . definitely worth a stop . we went there for brunch .
ribs . chopped pork . beans . sweet potato pie . chocolate chip cookie . check . check . check . really eally good
fab caesar salad . great duck . actually , perhaps the best duck ever . cinnamon mouse puff to die for .
look brand new every time ! i've been using them for years and haven't been disappointed yet .
my favorite sushi restaurant in the area . great service and the food is amazing ! love the location too
the most affordable , genuinely brazilian restaurant i have ever been to . their sandwiches are awesome , and so are the shakes .
hip ambience , tasty crab cakes , and great for small medium sized groups or just for a date .
excellent pizza and great customer service thank you again they never let me down . i recommend everyone goes there !
best place in town . quality experience overall . lovely ladies . my mani pedi always lasts and looks amazing .
so delicious and perfect for individuals on whole . sweet and sour chicken with a side of zoodles and pesto .
very courteous and helpful .
great sushi but only open for dinner ! ? ! reservation needed ! small restaurant . limited parking .
like some one said . a hidden gem . nice fresh food . great specials . always good service .
what a beautiful place to enjoy a cup of coffee ! very friendly staff , location is beautiful and coffee was great .
love this place ! food is great especially the chicken tortilla soup ! staff is great !
awesome italian food and great portion sizes ! handmade pasta delicious and veggies and appetizers delicious . great service and ambience too !
good for a tex mex fix . great guac , decent queso . nice gigantic quesadilla . super friendly staff , and really quick service .
selected breakfast selection but it's good enough to satisfy my omelette craving . love the colourful breakfast potatoes .
sunday brunch after a hike . a little slow , but excellent food ! well worth the wait . great atmosphere and friendly staff .
perfect old fashioned shoe repair ! fast , friendly and high quality !
the staff was friendly and helpful . bikes were in good shape . we had a very enjoyable day !
favorite japanese restaurant in the area . great variety of foods to choose from . sushi is fresh and good quality !
love the ice cream , milk and it's local . this place is perfect on a warm summer evening .
best music and crowd . drinks can be on the higher side but every night ends with vintage . it's that simple .
good service , great food very friendly people ! donuts are customizable , every single one we got was delicious .
great value for price . friendly staff . great options at breakfast time . nice location not far from portland .
loved the tour ! the peppermint smell in the mint room is just intoxicating in a good way . lovely experience .
great dive bar ! rolled in here late night ! full menu till and breakfast served all day !
great food and very clean ! the service was outstanding and they have a very big menu .
realmente uno se siente como si estuviera comiendo en su casa ,
buena calidad . buen sabor ambiente familiar solo que las porciones son muy pequenas por lo que cobran .
good people . friendly staff . pizza is tasty . it works . nothing fancy . a little pricey but it beats the chains .
best mediterranean food i've ever had ! all the meat is great ! and the special sauce is to die for !
muddy's fulfilled all my needs this morning . breakfast was beyond words . relaxed atmosphere , good service , indoor outdoor seating .
love this place ! great massages , great prices , easy to get an appointment ! everyone should give this place a try !
very straight forward guys here . i would highly recommend them for routine jobs brakes , oil coolant etc .
best experience ever ! victor was an amazing bartender and made my mom's night out one to remember !
very good chinese . large portions and cheap prices . same owners since !
the best pizza in town ! all fresh ingredients and the staff is great ! so glad i found this place !
the greatest soup dumplings you will ever have . enjoy with a spoon and slurp up the soup ! easy
great ambiance , wine and charcuterie . definitely a good place for a date or girls night out .
love the food ! the beverages were awesome ! the service was great ! can't wait to go back !
this place is awesome ! try the iced turbo . it is worth the drive from houston .
great breakfast sandwiches and great service . will definitely be back when back in boston .
i love chicken express , fast and always welcoming ! i love their fried pickles , never get enough of them !
excellent , hot quiche loraine , tomato basil soup and cranberry walnut salad ! yummmmmm excellent service !
gorgeous hotel . suite was amazing . no complaints whatsoever . complimentary everything including hair dryer and shave kit which i forgot .
love this place . lee is delightful . a wide variety of healthy plants at very reasonable prices .
most dishes are healthy and they taste good . they have good service and clean environment .
the chicken dish with hazelnuts was amazing ! outstanding service , cocktails , food ambiance .
i don't eat meat and this place has yummy vegetarian options ! delicious hummus combo and amazing bread ! love , love !
purples ! the other stuff is all just decoration for the purple margharitas .
really great happy hour apps . very upscale , chic , and fancy presentation without costing a whole lot more than others .
tucked away behind corner bar . totally worth stopping in ! amazing tacos and quick
very nice place . giveaway on monday nights . we won a growler . food was good and the service was excellent .
amazing food . great service . owners are very friendly . lumch special super filling
great place , wonderful food , gf options nice people both behind the counter and locals sitting around us .
food was delicious and the service was great . visiting from out of town and shopping intentionally . glad we tried it .
another reason to love portland and specifically multnomah village . grandcentralbakery does it right ! delicioustothecore
very nice and intelligent doctor . nice staff . good location . nice selection of attractive glasses . very good overall . would recommend !
dropped in . free day pass . clean . great equipment . friendly staff . literally couldn't ask ask for more . nice work guys .
the fruit waffle with nutella and peanut butter will change your life . it's absolutely amazing ! the boys are awesome too .
friendly service and dogs always come out happy and exhausted . haven't boarded anywhere else in portland and wouldn't look .
great service and friendly staff ! the chicken chipotle cheesesteak is the best ! and great location on howell mill !
baby as famous purple margs did not disappoint . adan was our server and was absolutely incredible . loved it .
very good ethiopian restaurant . and the lady is very nice and welcoming . it's my point reference for ethiopian food .
excellent food and service . best persian food i have had in a long time . must get the koobideh kabob !
good quick eats . wish you could get the nutritional info though
one of my favorite malls . just miss certain places that are not here anymore like cinnabon and panera .
the food and service was fantastic . fresh homemade , amazing meatballs and garlic rolls .
food was amazing i had the spicy spaghetti with the crab angels ! super yummy and flavorful
my favorite brazilian spot . try the chicken hearts and the potato salad ! service is great and very friendly .
very good service karen always greets with smile happy employees big portions for good price
one of my fave places in atl for brunch food . omg the quiche is to die for !
great food , and the kids play area is a nice touch for small children ! we would go there again .
incredible food , great drink selection and awesome environment ! aaron has been fantastic ! definitely recommend !
delicious and creative margaritas . super strong . i was stumbling by the time i was in china . p
best happy hour in town . best gluten free crust wood fired pizzas i've ever had . located in north boulder .
great food . great service ! ordered a sushi sashimi combo and its price was reasonable .
super nice people and clean salon . i've been there twice now and definitely will return !
once again food was amazing . . place never disappoints ! met the newest bartender dawn . awesome
so good i had to come back again the second night while visiting boulder . the thai green curry was astounding !
can't go wrong with anything you order ! love the crispy chicken madness , very spicy though !
pretty good food . only down side spring rolls are really salty . but all else good .
fantastic food , atmosphere and service . authentic italian with excellent food quality and generous portions . highly recommended when in orlando .
love love love ! super fresh ! super clean ! i need more carne asada puffy tacos in my life !
had a roof vent leak , and wayne fixed it right the first time . just the way i like it .
a great little secret that everyone found out about . get the hand made noodles and more importantly get a reservation .
it was service was fantastic the food was above our expectation i give them five stars all good that room
we had the friday lunch pork chops . they were fantastic !
delicious and inexpensive ! the happy hour is an especially good deal for giant beers and flavorful meat . .
i've been both tattooed and pierced here . i love this place . very professional . no egos or attitudes . great place .
tasty , cheap , plenty of vegetarian options as long as you eat dairy .
everything's wonderful and pretty cheap . only complaint is that the macaroons are frozen .
best authentic japanese restaurant in richmond . they have authentic ramen and really good gyoza
delicious ! had the chocolate with raspberry compote and shaved coconut ! loved the decor and friendly folks there .
great tartar foie gras spanish music and steaks
super friendly staff place is always busy . excellent sandwiches everything is handmade right in front of you
hands down best coffee in town . we had cappuccino and cold drip . makes all other coffee taste like crap .
gary is very knowledgeable , professional and personable . i would highly recommend him services from berrett pest control .
good 'go to' lunch . was surprisingly good and refreshing the first time i had the mediterranean bowl .
loved getting my nails done here ! convenient location , fair prices , super nice staff , and plenty of options
wonton soup . yumm . cant go wrong here and is a little oasis on the busy hustle of nd ave .
i've always loved it . great selection of stores and restaurants and tons of events always happening .
excellent steaks ! enjoyed with some walla walla reds .
authentic great spanish food . nice owner chats with patrons and excellent service . never disappoints .
get the chicken pad thai . i kid you not . sweet little restaurant that's worth a train ride to get to .
excellent fried chicken ! we enjoyed every bite ! the owner was kind and the food was delicious .
delicious food , cheap tacos , spicy salsa , wonderful people service , all in all a solid taco truck .
does not get any better than jp's . the ribs were fall off the bone . a
delicious ! i recommend trying their monthly sandwich , it never disappoints . this is a great place during covid as well .
clean and organized business . staff were friendly , prices were great . would definitely go back to shoot again .
delicious comfort food ! best bbq in atlanta for sure .
awesome . great good and service . try the philly steak mac and cheese or the chicken and waffles .
this place is delicious . i am not a categorical fan of barbecue . the brisket is yummy .
the views were incredible . i forgot i was there to eat . staff was very knowledgable and attentive !
i love this salon large , clean , comfortable . dona is the most accommodating owner . best in portland area !
good grub , easy , tasty , fun . great apps and easy location . check it out . laid back and eclectic .
always reliable great pizza ! they are so nice here too and their jojos are the best !
dr . clark was beyond excellent in removing a bad tooth . done quickly , and painless .
sooooooo delicious . i love this place . the noodles are really amazing . better noodles than most places i've tried in austin .
lovely . wonderful service , excellent food , truly indulgent our group of had the couch seating !
great place for gyros and salad . always great food and great service . good pricing and everything is always goos
great dining experience , the food was delicious and the service and atmosphere were excellent .
great family place . wonderful service and so nice to kids . always happy to come here .
if you already love reser's products , then this is a must . discounted prices for things you love .
my girlfriend and i had a blast during our visit . the production was incredible and the tea was phenomenal !
i live this place the owner is friwndly and the bartenders and waitress are great . a great friendly atmosphere
subway and thundercloud can kick rocks , this is where the real flavor is .
this is a decent place to get sushi , dons , and assortments of fresh flavorful dishes . everything was great .
best car wash around . free vacuuming . and great customer service . quick responses if you have any issues .
not many places provide food that is this delicious , reasonably priced , and relatively healthy . one of my favorite lunch options .
heavenly , would go back anytime i'm in florida . service is through the roof and food quality is high
the longwalk grapefruit ipa is simply amazing ! the staff at th tap are knowledgable and very accommodating . bad ass !
very nice services ! owner is very friendly ! highly recommended for people who's needs to do their tires and wheels !
great bbq ! la barbecue and micklethwait are my favorite .
great coffee and food ! excellent service dont skip on the eggwitch ! will come back here for sure
good food and fun atmosphere , although it's really loud . endless chips and salsa that fill you up before your entree .
great locksmith ! very knowledgeable and quick car key remote programming .
really friendly service , delicious blend of thai and vietnamese cuisines and a colorful inside . great new addition go newbury !
what a great restaurant ! great food , friendly staff and fun environment . i would highly recommend .
great pho soup and all the other items are amazing as well .
superb burgers and the list of distilled spirits speaks for itself . live music after pm .
hands down my favorite restaurant in the area and best mexican in the area . awesome food , drinks , and stuff .
by far my favorite medspa . heather at the downtown location is great and super knowledable !
great food and people . tiara is a awesome server ! will for sure be back to have more good times .
cedo's is amazing and delicious . the lamb , the falafel , the gyros . everything is delicious .
great sushi ! the service is awesome they guided me seamlessly as i navigated raw vs cooked options .
always great food and service .
great place to watch nfl games . very lively , extremely attentive bar staff , buffalo wings were hot but good . def recommend !
apps are good . beer is cold .
amazing , nothing else really to say . lobster roll is bomb
great location . minutes away from downtown . train is right across the street . complementary breakfast . no free parking .
very friendly staff . no atlanta or georgia charm .
best food cart in a great location ! the ahi poke was delicious and the slaw was perfection .
cayenne candied bacon ! need i say more ? ! ? ! ? ! amazing flavor , and free parking ! you won't be disappointed .
seriously one of the best lattes i ever had . don't miss out !
blackened catfish sandwich sweet potato tots and sweet tea . unbelievably good . this is worth the money !
beer wasn't that great to me , but the staff was great . easy conversation , and a nice big bar
great store ! diverse inventory and friendly staff . local favorite for a reason !
great smoothies and great wraps and flatbreads . great service and great owners . hard working staff
love this place ! great instructors and community feel . locally owned . even better !
fantastic lunch buffet if you like persian this is a great spot
friendly , accurate , on time . there's cheaper options but i'm loyal to them as they provide a high quality of service
another wonderful experience ! awesome environment , awesome food ! can't wait to try something new next time . mt . dora location please .
their food is just delicious ! their tacos are to die for and guacamole is super fresh !
amazing lobsters dishes ! great atmosphere with historic vibe . delicious meal in a cozy location ! oysters rock was top notch !
very professional . i felt like i got a real haircut after staying many years in us . must try .
the best in austin ! the white sauce is sooo good . we always ask for extra ! the chicken is amazingly great .
truly authentic sfogliatele , marzopane and torrone . was told by locals that this is the go to over mike's pastries .
love this place ! great specials , delicious food , always good service ! and they are dog friendly !
i like the prices , quality suchi rolls , and great interior design .
one of the favorite place for my time in framingham
their service has improved so much from when it started . they have awesome flavors and customization options . love this place !
best asian food in dunwoody ! love the amazing lunch specials and staff is so friendly !
the food was amazing ! the ambiance was perfect ! will be back ! get there early ! there's a giant line !
awesome patio seating and service . the abc avocado , bacon cheese sandwich is good .
this place rules . amazing french bistro inspired food not expensive and super low key . great lunch spot .
best snackie pizza around ! but if you're hungry , the thin slices probably won't fill you up .
omg ! my owned slice of heaven ! love the lemon ice !
hammys is awesome ! zach was very helpful and went out of his way to make our order perfect !
love this place ! such cool stuff and the owner is really awesome ! great customer service !
the staff and always smiling and helpful . their food is amazing . definitely recommend trying their food !
good , simple healthy fare . consistently good food and service . one of the few casual dining places in the pearl .
great pizza . perfect size for one hungry person or for two to share . balsamic drizzle great .
good vine bar , love to have breakfast here . fancy stulish place ! always fresh oysters good verity
delicious brunch , try the steak and cheesy eggs ! overall , everything had great flavors .
aroma bakery is hands down the best bakery on the south shore . their pasteries are always fresh and delish .
good seafood fresh . love the fried lobster tail and seafood platter . casual dinning reasonable prices .
great nail salon . the staff is amazing . love the decor and attention to detail here . will definitely be back !
the best and most creative donuts you'll ever have in your life ! you can get married here too ! ah maze ing !
great selection of designer clothes , great sales . i bought a fabulous chanel purse !
a pint and a scotch egg . . . can a man ask for anything more ? this place is incredible !
wow melts in your mouth , well seasoned , perfect smokey flavor not overwhelming at all , perfect combo of meat and fat !
my favorite place to eat always ! been coming for years . excellent food , presentation and staff . love them !
great place to eat down town . good pho !
fine food and drink , but i wouldn't frequent , due to incredibly cramped eating area .
huge portions but really good sandwiches !
ordered a pepperoni pizza last week and it was delicious . thin crust . will definitely be making minelli's a regular spot .
i am not a sandwich person but i luv it . pork belly and pull pork yum yum .
great place for brunch . food great and price even better . love the location and the decor was nice . definitely going again .
had the octopus , bruschetta , truffle rissotto and chocolate cake . very good
my favorite location . nice employees . this store is always stocked , shelves front and faced , and clean . not to mention good prices !
nice people . delicious gf food . i will definitely be back . wonderfully tasty chicken and waffles . great corn dogs too .
brought in a rollerboard to get repaired . airline damage . perfect repair , with factory parts , and very reasonable . highly recommended .
this place has excellent subs . i get the chessesteak special . upgraded to onion rings . good crew .
this was a very pleasant shopping experience . ryan is a real class act ! highly recommended .
excellent , decor , selection , taste , desserts my breakfast was warm . not hot other than that it was awesome
total relaxation paradise . great for sore muscles and detoxing ! staff is very friendly and the oxygen bar is amazing !
love the buffet and chaat item . good ambience and tasty dishes . curry pakoda in the vegan buffet is awesome .
pretty good ice cream place with interesting flavours . a bit on pricey side , but money well spent .
excellent quality and service a little expensive for what was done but otherwise reliable and a good place to have alterations
small place , but great food . make reservations ahead of time for sure !
really cool atmosphere and nice staff . i highly recommend the mac and cheese it has an awesome smokey flavor !
umbrella for shade . beautiful aesthetics . great service . fair price . delicious food . try the texas hash !
excellent food , service , and atmosphere ! definitely worth the drive to downtown austin .
words cannot describe . the bill and the end hurt my soul , but the food certainly was exquisite beyond my expectations .
taste of pho is very vietnamese and the staff is friendly . i definitely comeback !
great variety of homemade food and very reasonable in price . one scoop of their homemade ice cream is only . .
best auto auction in new england . quickest transaction time . there are many auction houses around , quincy is the best around .
love this place ! like heaven on earth such cheap , good quality books you can find almost anything
i love the food here . favorites are the egg and eggplant sandwich and the chickpea fritter .
fresh fish ! outstanding quality , knowledgeable people , great service . just freakin fantastic place to get your grub on .
perfection everytime ! white chocalate frapp is perfect everytime ! happy service and fast !
modeled after the concert hall in vienna this is an aural treat . fantastic music and cheap under tickets !
this is literally my favorite burger joint here in austin . love the food and love the staff ! chris is amazing !
nice place , great food , and nice staff . great neighborhood restaurant !
no wait time . front desk personnel was very nice and the place was clean . would highly recommend .
john , the owner of sals auto , is considerate , honest , and goes the extra mile ! happy to be a customer .
they help me with my painful ingrown toenails . great value easy in and out . amy always takes care of me
omg ! amazing barbeque ! the customer service is excellent . the portion sizes are great and the sides are very tasty !
good buffalo chicken sandwich also seems to be the only clean place in east atlanta .
so many different types of pizza ! super creative and very yummy although kind of expensive . they also deliver !
great vibe , relaxed , welcoming , great food , attentive service , and great people watching . excellent reward after a long week .
fabulous dinner ! . our waiter , albert was superb . truly the most delicious salmon i've ever had .
huge portions and great tasting food ! the staff was also very helpful but kept the long line moving quickly .
great food fast service and friendly stuff and responsible rates ! parking on the back , highly recommend !
great location , books , books , books , . coffee . sweets . me likey
great backyard dining . especially on a summer day nothing beats eating outdoors amidst trees and string lights
lovely new neighborhood bar ! great drinks and vibes ! love that this is walking distance !
since my bad experience i've gone back times . megan is awesome and so is bridgette .
showed up on time , and did a great job mowing my lawns .
where else can you just plug your phone in for free on the street to charge for a little .
excellent rate . very professional and courteous service . nice car . it was all good .
i love their mussels . the cocktails are great , plus they schedule unique events . my favorite place in austin .
great and fast service ! no upsale on filters or anything ! will always come back to this store
really good ice cream . good deals . good coupons and monday's buy one sundae get one free . friendly service .
a free beer when you walk in the door . oh . and yes the haircut was good too .
best tacos on austin ! and it's a food truck ! a must for anyone visiting austin area .
great bagel . come here very often as i work in the bmo building . highly recommend for a grab and go .
excellent pie made at a historic location . worth the wait . good service . a fun and delicious experience .
great donuts ! don't pay attention to the weirdos who trash this place from their moms basement .
very good friendly service awesome food big portions familial restaurant simple and cheap prices will definitely go back
good wing deals on wednesday friendly staff
bacon chicken mac n cheese is to die for . busy when there are theatre events . highly recommend reservations
bernardo is my hero and jonathan is the best ! best dealership in austin by far !
great deal for buying excellent furniture . there's lots of friendly and helpful crews as well .
attractive ambiance , good food , reasonable prices in danvers . what's not to like ?
sheeler road animal hospital went above and beyond to help us get our cats flea medicine from the online pharmacy .
yum . great pairings with each course extra but worth it .
amazing bbq . love the baby backs , brisket and spicy sausage . don't forget to grab some beef jerky to go .
love the food ! great sandwiches ! their food is always spot on delicious ! just stuff your face and be happy !
excellent food . ag was great a suggesting dishes . taste was fabulous the naughty naan awesome . will be back .
my favorite thai restaurant in austin ! i love the green curry . wonderful service too !
nice dog human park in an urban space .
loved this company thank you raye and your staff for doing such a great job at our event .
really great kimchi ! the food was fast and really good . service is nice . i will come here again
it was so much fun ! the course was great and well maintained . we all loved feeding the gators !
love everything about orange theory , great coaches , great environment , clean and always inspired for a great workout !
huge selection of yarn and notions in different textures and colors . local and fair priced . customer service was awesome .
the food was good and got here fast the glasses were also cool . check took a bit to come .
great food and always consistant . meals are always fresh and the portions are huge . it is my daughter's favorite restaurant !
excellent , authentic cajun cuisine . very reasonably priced . fun , campy new orleans decor . great food and service , very reasonably priced .
very authentic portuguese cuisine with a very warm , charming atmosphere and attentive service . excellent !
delicious ! whiskey pecan coffee is my go to . i don't eat ice cream anywhere else .
good , inexpensive dinner . got the falafel and the beef kofta kabobs with dolmas and baba ghanouj .
great food , awesome cheesecake good service ! very nice inside but kinda spendy so be prepared . but the cheesecake is yummmmmmmm !
kinda pretty good place w good customer service . everything you order always comes right and perfect .
dinner at ox last night was fantastic ! staff was wonderful . food was terrific .
we loved the experience and have made this a must stop for future animal kingdom trips
the service was amazing , kristina g . was a great host and a wealth of knowledge . definitely coming back .
fantastic especially in june when the wild sockeye salmon is in . nothing special about the atmosphere just incredible mouth watering recipes
this was my first chicago style pizza and loved it ! oh and the bruschetta was amazing !
great brunch place ! great service , even better food ! drinks were refreshingly delicious . will def be back !
boom ! this spot is hot on it . dope woke good vibes , friendly staff , fun cartoons , fire bao
my local dive on division . i love this place cheap drinks and food .
good food and comedy club . cool place . looks like your walking into a island paradise
great bbq , super friendly crew . you absolutely must get the baked beans . enjoyed every minute of it !
awesome service , top noch music , great food ! the place is going to explode !
it's fun ! kind of expensive but you can break the price up between people .
taro milk tea was great , loved the lightbulb cup . appreciate you staying open during this time !
always so good and so quick ! delicious ! our go to on the week days and weekends . very fair prices !
the number one place i take friends when they visit boston . its my favorite place . great food and service .
good quick healthy is a rare combo these days . love this place . coffee is expensive but also amazing .
amazing nice services and professional level . they know how to help customers ayppnd how to fix tire problems . highly recommended !
great clinic . helped fix my back and neck pain in just a few appointments . dr buob is the bomb .
best italian restaurant in boston as of november ! excellent service and insanely good food !
good but pictures price is to much cost me to enter . pictures in flash cost
came here and the staff was lovely and very helpful . don't listen to the reviews , people are just salty lol
solid selection and service . the owner , luis , is as nice as they come and really knows his stuff . highly recommended .
great selection and very reasonably priced . example ferragamo handbag for ? amazing .
we had a great time ! very well organized and lots of beer to try . we will definitely return next year !
great food , people and beer . too bad they didn't expand the bar with the new remodel expansion .
delicious ! on time takout . naan and aboo gobi were delicious , lots of vegetarian options .
great burger , chicken sandwich and onion rings . easy greasy food and fairly priced for the amount you get .
great service great management and good job maintaining social distancing
amazing breakfast tacos with hommade tortillas , great service and nice new tables all through out .
excellent food . but their palak paneer is not that good . everything else yum . enjoyed our meal last night .
consistently great food , would recommend the hi bowls with glass noodles great service and environment
very enjoyable meal . my order was messed up but i appreciated the waitresses making up for it . will return
fantastic , relaxed environment , friendly people , local beers , and delicious food even for a vegetarian like me
one of my favorite places to eat in sw portland . so many good menu choices and quick , friendly service .
marked this place off my bucket list ! exactly what i was wanting it to be ! will come back !
great donuts . super friendly staff . i wish they were closer .
just moved from dublin , ireland and this is the perfect little local with great drinks , food and crew .
great ! didn't wait very long . saw a real doctor . everyone was very friendly . ten times better than minute clinic .
first time here . will definitely come back . great service and a good selection of drinks .
one of my favorite eats in austin ! it's even better since they open late night ! definitely try the p , yum !
great service , awesome with our two year old ! yummy food , great beer !
an institution ! big juicy steamed buns and little apple tarts are what they're known for .
love these guys ! great for regular service and resolving complex issues . very knowledgeable and friendly staff .
nice atmosphere , coffee kolsh was good , bartenders were good . didn't try food but it looked good . worth a stop in .
love the optometrist here ! he does a great job , and the location is very convenient .
food and service was excellent . i love the artsy ambience the impossible burger was amazing
place is great ! everyone's so nice and damian did an amazing job . found myself a new barber !
good authentic mexican food ! great portions and the mango margarita on the rocks are delish !
great hot dog , great burgers awesome french fries
excelente comida cubana recomiendo la paella de mariscos . cant wait to come back and have the weekend buffet
lucy was a savior . this place is amazing ! highly recommend this place to feel better
hands down , the best breakfast spot in portland . very reasonably priced , fast , hot food .
nothing beats skyline burgers after a hike in forest park ! this is a true portland experience . highly recommend !
this place was absolutely amazing . best food in pdx with the best service . five stars . outstanding !
really liked the ambiance in the place , great wait staff , and the food was just incredible . can't recommend highly enough .
great dinner bbq was plentiful and numerous sides . great flavor on bbq . beef short ribs were excellent !
meat cheese bread really good sandwiches hipster little store adequate unfriendly staff
great apps , good drinks , nice atmosphere . burger was a bit bland but would definitely go back
wow , this place is small boarding on cramped but damn good sushi i mean super fresh .
we had awesome massages in the couples room ! the front desk staff was very helpful . we will be back .
i pray to the nordy's rack shoe gods , and i am well rewarded .
great place , greater people ! i would definitely recommend giving it a try . many , many healthy items to choose from .
yeah great place . awesome customer service . atypical for a used tire shop nowadays in cobb . lol
amazing food , lovely atmosphere . stars for the best waiter i've ever had !
best customer service and now one of my most favorite places in portland , great food and great environment !
very friendly helpful . unlike most storage places , lobby was clean and comfortable , would recommend highly .
love this place . the pad thai and yellow curry are both fantastic .
amazing ! everything was amazing ! i loved this place and can't wait to go back and try new plates .
bibimbap extra japchae insane deliciousness ! the flavors and textures combine to make the best box !
my skin is really clean and bright after the facial ! she is really nice and professional . definably coming back !
my eyebrows haven't looked this perfect in awhile ! highly recommend to people looking for a new threading home !
the waiter is very nice the food is very amazing prices are decent everything was fresh .
great cut followed by nice shoulder massage also a bit of a barbershop museum .
no words are enough to describe the delicacy and details inside this restaurant . always the best .
great prices and service ! really honorable small vendor , who does as they say , hard to find these days .
coffee was excellent , service was outstanding . my only issue was it was hot inside the a c was not so great
can't beat their . slice prices . the chicken sandwich . medium was calorific and therefore delicious .
love their banana leaf wrapped tamales , and you cannot go wrong with their table side made guacamole .
awesome atmosphere , great pizza . would definitely come here for drinks with the girls or a first date .
great vibe and great coffee ! wish i found out about this place before the last day of my vacation .
delicious calzones , great service can't wait to go back !
this place is packed and still quick service friendly . will write more when food comes
good service . happy staff . delicious catfish plate . also like the chicken fried steak . peach cobbler is cheerful . my regular restaurant .
fish . burrito . tip forgo the rice and get extra cabbage and cilantro !
awesome food . variety of bottled german beer . low keyed . great prices . leave room for dessert .
grandview neighborhood florist . special significance as my mom grew up around the block .
this place is delicious ! incredible selection of food ! tons of specialty drinks and beers ! awesome atmosphere ! i love it
ty great employee awesome great establishment . attaboy to ty for handing while the orders while it was busy
love this place ! best boba tea i've had . gets pretty hot in there if it gets crowded and hot outside
you can get two tarts goods at tart frozen yogurt and desserts . yum . they are even better with frozen custard .
wanna big greasy breakfast sandwich ? then go here . on a diet ? then go away
go early the line gets looooong . but the food is delish , and i love the homemade drinks ! awesome place !
i think this is the best japanese steak house in the columbus area . i especially like the lunch prices .
amazing service at a reasonable price and the highest quality of work . i will have no other plumber
fantastic food . super salads . savory soups . diverse desserts . creative cocktails . lovely locale . distinctive decorations . and additional alliterations .
creative and delicious menu . i only wish there was a location closer to where i live .
easton and dakota are awesome . food is great ! customer service is on ! definitely recommend !
the owner knows his coffee and the food is excellent . very cozy atmosphere .
great service , excellent burgers ! friendly and very efficient server . awesome milkshakes . will go back !
love my new cut and color by lori scala . will trust her with my hair decisions from now on .
amazing philly steak and cheese pizza ! the service is excellent and the atmosphere is great !
yummy to the last bight . fresh toppings , crunchy crust , and definitely worth the price .
winter specials . buy box of dilly bars , get box free ! sounds good to me !
the best jazz place in town ! with decent price of drinks good place to go in th street !
i like it . great decor . good tunes . perfect lighting . nice place to drop into for a drink .
this was so much fun ! we did the outbreak . would recommend if your group has patience .
best wings around ! nothing in this world can beat the parmesan garlic !
totally fantastic crystal noodle pad thai . reasonable prices , never a wait for a table .
the rice balls are yum . they have them in a lot of different flavors . all of them are good .
never had a bad meal here . the turkey meatloaf and mac and cheese is excellent
fantastic food and atmosphere ! parking is challenging on a weekend but very nice wait people and staff !
great food , good prices . get the masaman sp ? chicken curry . best thai i've had in atlanta so far .
very friendly staff . they are also very quick with their services . plus abiding to all cleaning standards .
finally ! so pleased to have found a great yoga studio in orlando . i absolutely will return .
randy put in a brand new ac for upstairs today . it works great !
delicious , i had the chipotle steak sandwich and my wife had the superfood salad . we were both very satisfied .
tables are well spaced to account for social distancing . food was good . server was attentive .
awesome food and service ! the restaurant is really clean and comfortable ! traditional sichuan food .
literally would eat the entire menu ! so many yummy options and everyone loved their food !
great , friendly staff and quick service . the queso is awesome and the fajitas are some of my favorite .
the best arepas ever , delicious ! but the prices are a little high . i hope they could lower prices
my birthday would not be the same with out cabot's ice cream for my sundae party . i love cabot's !
my fave pad thai in the area . excellent service , fair prices , nice interior .
great finds ! lots of toys , clothes , books and shoes ! we love coming every week there's new stuff
surprisingly fresh and yummy sushi at a great price ! a must have every time i go to the mall !
i don't have kids , but even i want to play at the new esther peachy park !
the very best chirashi sushi and sashimi salad in all of richmond ! friendly service and excellent prices too . george h .
great car , fast service , no hassles ! will use again next time i'm traveling and need wheels .
awesome clam chowder ! nice location right on the water with beautiful boats and harbor . nothing fancy . just good quality seafood .
great food wine along with excellent service ! yummy homemade dishes at reasonable prices . will definitely return
buffalo sirracha chicken dip was great . good drink selections and interesting menu items . trivia on sunday nights be from pm .
excellent biscuits , good burger . blackened cod excellent . service was very friendly !
got me in for an emergency right before a wedding . like literally am ! perfect ! priced well and quality work .
what a chill place to be in . bartenders were awesome , and honestly the wings were on point !
this place is great ! affordable and had an amazing massage by tom . would highly recommend .
best . ride . ever .
best sandwiches ever , and a great selection of beer , with outdoor picnic tables . spectacular customer service . nom nom nom
chicken with artichoke , lemon and white wine sauce was delicioso !
good place and good parking for cars and boats . fun time !
really like the reserved seating . a nice meal in a talk and phone free environment . highly recommend to anyone .
we have slim pickings around here , so i'm very happy with this place . quick take out and evening delivery !
loved it ! got a massage pedicure it was quiet , peaceful tranquil . i will definitely go back .
great food but fairly rude service the last time i went . i usually go with the barbacoa bowl .
large ymca . lots of classes go on here . needs more parking , but overall this is a nice facility .
free shuttle to airport every min , all day !
great portion sizes for the price . especially compared to other local ice cream shops .
love this place most affordable sushi with great quality . the bento box is very filling .
dined here twice recently . sushi was great ! must try the drama queen and the hot mamma rolls
place smells amazing . great beer selection . cool atmosphere . they apparently let anyone in . trust me . anyone .
had the crab and avocado salad and it was absolutely delicious . great service as well .
great place to go and drink . tasty appetizers and personable , engaging bar staff .
fried chicken . pizza . cool deserts . plenty of parking . great beers on tap friendly staff . go and enjoy .
home cooking , large portions , best french toast in town . super friendly and attentive staff . great little local hangout !
starbucks is still gross but i feel like this fm has improved quite a bit lately . upping the stars .
my favorite neighborhood grill with a superb gluten free menu . the food and service make up for the ambience .
the best facials and pedicures ! i would not go anywhere else ! the best products and service in central florida !
good food near the airport , a hard venue to find . we had steak and a burger , no complaints .
ordered takeout on my valentines day night this year ! had the yuzu calamari ! amazing
the gyros are huge , delicious , and cheap . the employees are great . but make sure you go hungry !
food was great ! st patrick's day specials were very good . will definitely go back to try regular menu .
great studio . i love that they provide spin shoes , towels , snacks , etc .
really cool decor and pretty cheap prices for an airport bar especially for happy hour pm pm daily .
cheap , delicious , i have only had a shwarma sandwich this good in germany .
like the food truck . but better ! fast service and great food . the kimchi fries are the best !
great service , friendly staff and doctor heidi was fantastic with our two older cats .
insanely good ! a must go ! the dumpling soup ask how to eat it , basil eggplant and pork bamboo , so gooooood !
a little musty and sleepy . older crowd , somewhat slow service . although tots were very good
the service was great and the food was awesome ! great chimichangas , enchiladas , fajitas and salsa . muy bueno .
awesome place and my husband loved the bbq here ! the employees were very nice and helpful !
amazing people . great service ! christien was the absolute best . helped me find the perfect gift for my girlfriend .
huge selection of fresh oysters . one of the top three restaurants in atlanta top notch cocktails menu and service
best place in boston to get a burrito ! absolutely love this place .
best breakfast in boston cheap and worth of your money . try warm chicken in croissant and berry waffle .
great selection and wonderfully friendly staff . let us try a bunch of cheeses . thank you !
great food and a wide selection of beer ! going back for more !
very , very good food . huge menu . almost too many dishes from which to choose . big on take out .
this place can get very busy on the weekends . great little restaurant . i like the 'healthy start' breakfast .
this is good pizza ! kinda greasy and definitely on the pricey wife but i really enjoyed the favor . would recommend !
wow this place is great , minute wait and a small parking lot but the food was great .
best vegan mexican food in portland ! the prices are cheap they have tons of vegan options .
great prices , great food , and fast service . this is my go to pho restaurant , there's nothing comparable in the area
delta had done a great job in terms of being on time , courteous , efficient and personal .
matthew was a great technician kept my mom at ease . thorough and knowledgeable , made it a very smooth transition
yummy smoothies drinks . great place ! off cash payment . wifi available or you can play board games .
mac n' cheese spatzl , venison burgers , good beer on tap , cheap . awesome .
i order takeout from this place since it's in the neighborhood . they have a good chicken curry
love this guy . great service , great attitude , years and years of servicing our community .
my first time hear . wow food is good , shrimp skewers and fried with oz steak boooiiii
great environment ! server was nice , food and drinks were made and delivered as requested , with great portions for the food .
first chance at a gluten free cupcake dessert since discovering my gluten sensitivity . best cupcake i've had even w gluten .
great coffee . love that they have almond milk available for their espresso drinks . chocolate croissants are amazing .
wonderful dentist . friendly , kind and thorough .
this place is phenomenal ! our server , jason , made great recommendations and was really nice ! definitely try the mussels !
excellent food , fairly reasonably priced with lots of vegan options . the pad ki mao was excellent !
i ate there yesterday . they have quite the selection of donuts ! they don't take credit debit cards though .
great food ! awesome service ! very nice tavern ! if you are in the columbus gahanna area make this your lunch or dinner destination .
this time around the food tasted a little better than before . still a pretty good choice for lunch .
always awesome food , just wayyyy too noisy !
pretty good coffee . gets very busy with all bu students . decent bagels . nice ambience .
yum ! great soup , awesome crispy spring rolls . quiet , simple french motif . so good !
service is always top notch here . they have the best corned beef hash here for weekend brunch . recommend !
very yummy broth , good noodles , pleasant atmosphere . only been once so far , planning on a return visit with friends .
nice . had a small outdoor seating section . i enjoyed the bottomless mimosas . great food .
i'm hoping they improve things now that they moved . off to a good start
love it ! i felt i was in france eating some crepes and drinking the real apple cider ! i recommend it !
everyday hot chocolate was delicious . not too sweet and not bitter at all . friendly and helpful staff .
clam chowder bread bowl is now but still so delicious
great food , service and atmosphere . the eggplant dip has a smoked flavor .
so far , this was the best pizza i've had in portland for the best price . hands down .
downtown needs more sit down restaurants like this . great place to visit with friends and share a bunch of orders .
i love the squid ink garlic pasta . always come back here whenever i stop by boston . a must try !
amazing games fun for family and friends best arcade i have seen in a long time clean and safe
gotta ask for james . simply the best ! the portions are huge and the ribs are fantastic .
dear diary , roasted pork belly , polenta , grilled peaches . omg . love .
best hamburger in town . everyone very nice good customer services . great place to get a good hamburger !
amazing service l . we are visiting from california . the server paul was amazing . would recommend to all .
love it good for good service great wings and pizza ! can't go wrong here . better than apps in st . cloud .
great happy hour ! love the food . comfortable seating and friendly service . one of my go to's !
great mexican restaurant ! good food , great service , very nice interior . can't wait to sip margaritas on the patio this summer !
i took in some jeans today to have hemmed , and jenny quoted me . great price !
what isn't to like about disney , it's the happiest place on earth !
delicious ! this place is innovative , the food is excellent , great service and beautiful environment .
the most adorable quaint boutique in town . a must if you love unique things . love love love love . lgbt friendly
this is a staple for me . really great food , reasonably priced , and located right around the corner from home .
the wait was a little long but worth it . shrimp poboy was outstanding . would definitely come back just for that !
a plus ! a plus ! wow , did not expect this . thanks for opening this place !
worth the hype , this stuff is delicious !
best meatball calzone this side of the hill ! also got pizza . love the sauce . and it was pretty cheap too .
it's a typical cheese cake factory . a lot of choices and very good food .
outstanding experience with my family . suresh darcy are superstars will ensure you are satisfied with the motorhome
best bbq i'ave ever had , long line but it's totally worth it
good ice cream . very different when it came to flavors . i actually like this place more than salt and straw .
excellent food . mini juicy buns are wonderful and try the szechuan flounder hot pot if you don't mind oil . so good !
consistent and thorough . dr . fullerton gets it right and has saved me from the knife more than once .
i really loved the shave ice . especially the combination of vanilla ice cream and red beans was so good .
reliable and consistent pizza . fluffy crusts . not exactly gourmet but good for a quick fix . dependable delivery . no complaints .
love this target . always clean stocked and always have friendly staff . cant complain .
i have to admit the turkey was good , the dessert toffee bar amazing it's sweet really sweet but it's dessert !
it's inside the mall , it's good for family cuz kids might want something else like pizza . i love cachapas !
my new favorite pho spot ! impeccably clean , friendly happy staff , cute decor , excellent pho . i'll definitely be going back .
great experience , very comfortable space , good selection of frames , staff and dr . nunn were very pleasant and thorough .
amazing buffet at the beach club resort . i will be making this a must visit on my returns to disney .
good shit right here . napkins are good , food is good , good utensils . really like the bbq beef
best iced coffee around , ask for the coffee cubes in it ! friendly service and great food as well .
fantastic food , delicious sweets . had the pulled carolina bbq jackfruit sandwich and was blown away . perfect lunch spot .
first bar to serve sam adams beer . i got a free glass after the tour
first time was in the neighborhood . tried the fried chicken it was awesome . friendly bartender .
this place is da bomb dot com ! but why no credit card ? still , awesome , delicious food !
great little spot on the park . good drinks , nice staff . small food menu , but what they have is delish !
great wine at reasonable prices ! friendly service , beautiful outside seating with gorgeous mountain views .
amazing , huge , cheap ! only reason it's not stars is lack of black beans .
fantastic overall experience ! friendly , timely , and top of the line technology . i highly recommend
delicious ! we ate there at it was a great experience . the food and service was excellent . highly recommend this place .
excellent food and interesting place . will be back on next visit to mount dora !
awesome ! great staff . fun djs and terrific game watching experience . twenty five cent wing on thursday !
good food and good service ! mongolian is my favorite .
nice atmosphere , all day breakfast , and great sunday special , stuffed french toast cream cheese and berries .
bread is delicious and sandwiches hit the spot when you're in the mood for a light lunch .
good broth , big portions , fast and kind service . what else to ask from a ph place ? i'll be back !
this tour was amazing . ryan was a great guide giving us great information about the campus
great burger ! very cool place .
love living at the atlantic ! great location , wonderful staff , beautiful building .
food was great and order was accurate . but the burger arrives cold , so need to microwave it before eating .
great place ! great selection of beer and great folks who work here . new place to go ! great food too !
very caring and professional staff . highly recommend phah ! dr . riddle rocks !
trusted yelp and oh my gosh the traditional is the best thing i've ever put in my mouth .
great for lunch , too loud for dinner . excellent food and friendly bartenders . a little drafty at the bar .
i love their soju cocktails . i recommend cocktail special b a calpis chuhai . food is good too .
yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmy mmmmmmmmmmmmm is so good yes mmmm i ate the food nom nom nom nom gulp mhhhh yess
food is amazing . i just thought for a while had been in indian chinese restaurant . hats off to the chef
great selection of tequilas and mezcales . the best margarita is the avocado one ! very friendly staff .
lazzez's grill has new management and offers lunch buffet for . , monday through friday
monique is the best waitress ever . give that girl a raise ! food was awesome . and wine too .
i am a fan of seafood and mcgrath's is a good place to go .
showroom quality ! boom ! bring a deserving tip !
great happy hour ! amazing drinks ! really good vegetarian options ! great atmosphere .
great food ! nice to have teishoku menu instead of endless boring maki in a japanese restaurant !
stars for lamb skewers tender and juicy and plenty of spice ! a party in your mouth !
good massage . not too crowded . room was a little bit cold . staff were friendly . price a little bit high .
really cool shop ! not like anything else around , and it's two levels ! stop by if you have time
cozy little spot with a great cocktail menu and creative tastes .
one of my favorite lunch spots . love the wok fired lettuce . great place for vegetarians
great asian fusion food at a decent price . lots of vegetarian options . the wok seared green beans are amazing .
really great pizza ideas . not firm enough for all the toppings but still quite tasty .
food is outstanding and fresh . very authentic . highly recommend . a great place for an excellent meal .
best thai food in se portland ! they always make it fresh and are very kind . authentic thai feel . thanks , all !
get the bacon turkey club ! so filling and delicious . this is the best deli in columbus bands down .
pretty darn good burgers there .
woah ! amazing ! just come and do the tagliatelle and the meatballs ! holy cow ! amazing ! best ever !
absolutely the most refreshing restaurant in the st . johns area . very unique and fulfilling ! i can't wait to go back !
not just fast but fun too for x mass lights can't wait to bring grayson to watch fast cars
still the best ! today's hammy sr . special applewood cheddar , rosemary ham on sourdough . so . darn . good .
great tacos ! i eat here all the time . the best in southeast portland .
love this place ! yay for serving connecticut style rolls and having tots and waffle fries . huge wine pours , too !
amazing food here . the dishes are savory and always have a cool twist . gourmet breakfast at a coffee shop .
good ! yes you can find better sushi for triple price tag . but what they serve is simply amazing for .
the noodles are awesome ! the noodles are totally handmade and the soup is pretty delicious .
these are simply the best donuts around . always fresh , fluffy , not too sweet but still the indulgence you want .
delicious ! this friendly restaurant was worth taking the detour off the transcanada , during the cold snap .
this place is awesome . good food , amazing tequila ! fun atmosphere always good music ! over tequilas to choose from
felt incredibly welcomed . was intimidated with parking but it flowed a lot easier than i anticipated .
loveeeeeee ! best impossible burger in town ! love the truffle fries ! great happy hours friendly staff
great food ! good location ! i just wish they stayed open later ! a great addition to south austin eateries .
enjoyed the lamb dish here immensely ! wine selection was also fantastic . great ambiance and perfect date spot .
this place is great . i don't know why people won't rate it any better but in my opinion is great
absolutely amazing . the chicken bacon cheddar sandwich thing is one of the best things i have ever eaten .
fresh vegetables in sandwich ! fast service and buy get th free ! table's getting old so take out will be better
excellent service and good prices . he's re keyed a couple of houses for me and done a great job .
a classic southern cafeteria ! don't miss their chopped steak , chicken pot pie , squash casserole and homemade pies .
great local spot . nice selection of high quality comfort food served by a delightful staff .
did a great job ! very thorough ! the car looked like new after . i highly recommend them !
beautiful sunset , yummy angels cove club sandwich , ruby red trout salad with grapefruit horseradish vinaigrette .
friendly , fast and excellent work ! reasonable pricing ! had several repairs done here and i recommend them !
big market w lots of shops .
nice starbucks with a nice secection of things
they always provide excellent service . service is precise and quick . definitely worth every penny .
just like any other chili's a great place to have some fun with family and friends ! very friendly place !
i have used the services of dr . wokasien for over years . he is knowledgeable , professional and friendly .
cold beer and boiled peanuts ! great atmosphere , great prices and overall a fun place to be .
the atmosphere is casual . the cashier was nice . the food arrived quickly and tasted fine but wasn't anything special .
great addition to the kerrisdale food scene . fresh ingredients , hip vibe , decent value . a keeper !
awesome coffee shop and great staff . free wi fi and lots of great sitting and tables .
the best friendly , personable , accommodating , and total professionals .
this is authentic venezuelan food ! yummie and fresh , good prices , simple modern casual atmosphere .
visited in a recent trip and loved it . excellent setting , delicious pastries and fantastic coffee . i will be back !
who would give a greasy spoon stars ? wouldn't that be disrespectful of this restaurant genre .
great place ! good selection of beers , interesting food menu , and live music .
does anything beat a no sub . oh gosh delish and they are so nice at the counter .
delicious ! menu is super flexible for vegans and wine list is great . totally worth it ! service was fast and friendly !
excellent food and great people . here from san francisco and it as good as anything there .
brilliant . generous serving of really tasty stew , rice , beans etc . for two people for .
i once hear that on average it takes four to five business failures before one experiences a success !
great , simply great , you just walk in and they offer a free glazed donut straight out of the oven !
great service and knowledge about the products . here are the super starr's , who served me .
awesome tour , and lots of samples ! loved it !
great food and the manager handled a small order mishap very quickly and very well . all around good experience .
absolutely love snooze every time . pancakes are not to be missed and brewmosas are fantastic !
chicken fingers are to die for ! homemade very satisfied with service all around highly recommend
double cheeseburger check root beer check french fries check low flying airplanes check five stars
it's an efficient , accurate starbucks . i can run in here , get coffee and still make it to work on time .
very cool cocktails ! attention to detail was incredible . even have laser etched b in ice cubes !
service isn't always perfect , but the unique and delicious vegan food really makes up for it .
great place ! the owners and staff are some of nicest people you'll ever meet . great drinks and atmosphere .
this place is the best . interesting fun food . there is a party atmosphere every night .
they're no longer in business the doors are locked and it's empty . very sad
so good here sweet and clean i comeback soon my favorite latte . and oj i like here very much
amazing chicken , great variety of sauces , wonderful and smiling staff . great value for your money definitely recommend !
yes i will wait in line . yes i will order quickly , why ? because its good . fish tacos are great
very friendly staff and pleasant shopping experience . in my opinion , this is one of the best locations in austin .
food was really good . large portions for lunch . i would recommend to anyone who has a taste for columbian food .
amazing job . these guys are very professional . they will certainly earn future business .
great burgers . wait was long so new it would be good . i little on the pricey side .
my new favorite tuesday night hang out ! games and shoe rentals . perfect date night great music !
the number one restaurant in columbus . great choices and great food . the buffet is amazing with tons of choices .
favorite spot for a first date cocktails and raw oysters on the front patio at clark's .
delicious meal with a beautiful presentation . very nice staff who sang happy birthday to our friend !
dubs food is incredible . he really puts his love into his craft . cool atmosphere , great staff , and incredible food
tasty and fresh . efficient line that moves despite high volume . i always ask for more sauce .
good chinese food , especially the dumplings and some noodle dishes .
this place is definitely closed . and my heart bleeds for the gorgeous barsita and their lavender drinks .
been here once for a special occasion . really good , takes forever to eat , but i love that kind of thing !
for the price ! it was great super cheap considering how expensive brazilian steak houses normally are
half shawarma half falafel sandwich . do it . best in town . thinking about it right now . yuuummmmmmm .
the food is amazing , but come for the service which is by far one of the best in the a !
i love this place . food is always delicious , with good portion sizes and the customer service is always great .
loved it ! ordered jenny's fav and a lot of margaritas . well done wahlbugers
great inexpensive indian food . chicken tikka masala is particularly good , as are the naans and the chutneys .
great space ! awesome food ! staff was helpful ! meeting space was ample ! great location !
the staff are knowledgeable , effective and friendly . parking is a chore , however . btw , our letter carrier jane is also excellent .
a greek family run restaurant . excellent food , great portions and fair prices ! recommend . i eat here everyday for lunch .
soyrizo and real egg cheese taco on corn is deliciousssssss . so is the granola sunrise . okay , everything here is good .
we probably caught the last minutes of live music , but great music , helpful bartenders . soooo many beers ! ?
one of my favorite places to eat in the hill country . good food . perfect ambience and views of lake travis .
lots of tacos including breakfast all day . classic enchiladas plus more unique options . very easy , family friendly , and reasonable prices .
yvette is great , she made me very comfortable i felt much better after my colonic foot bath .
probably my favorite bbq restaurant . the brisket is the best . the line is usually pretty long but it moves quick
elite great awesome fun outstanding good time try it out atlanta street food festival and so much more
they have great quail eggs , chocolate croissants and big variety of apples .
kanji's ramen is my new go to for ramen ! try the new onion ramen . it's fantastic . service was great too !
friendly , helpful and courteous staff . food was delicious . if you need a stir fry fix , this place will hit the stop .
bread contained very few allergens and was pretty tasty
creative menu and excellent service plus the best cinnamon roll i have ever had . this place is great . highly recommend !
great food ! soup dumplings , fried rice , green beans , etc . so delish ! the wait is really crazy though !
everyone at david's bridal at easton is friendly and the dresses are beautiful . i would recommend this store to everyone .
jean is guy to go if you need a good mechanic to come to your house . good humor , efficient
outstanding precision work , reasonable cost , quick service , and actually a nice guy . highly recommend .
great service ! love how they treat their clients with so much respect
food was amazing . i never thought pumpkin could taste so good outside of pumpkin pie of course
it's great here but extend your hours please ! we need a cafe open past pm in union square . please !
great valentine's dinner with my sweetheart . food was amazing and our waiter parker was awesome !
dined at catalyst last night and loved it . great food , service and ambiance . highly recommended .
beef with bitter melon and soup of the day
very helpful staff . if you have footwear needs , it's a good place to go !
kelsey , conner and jason were super helpful ! good product , great friendly service every time i go in !
love this place ! georgia makes the best latte and always has a smile and kind words to brighten the morning .
nice decor , local books . pretty good food and prices .
great service , and the best breakfast in kenton !
best place to explore french cheese and european deli ! authentic and fresh . a bit pricey .
succinctly and accurately . grandrabbit's toy shoppe made my childhood .
delicious home cooked peruvian food . huge portions . fresh ingredients . restaurant sits in the back of a little mexican market .
gf pasta and tiramisu . man how i have missed good italian food . great wait staff . will be returning for sure .
love charlie's kitchen . a staple of boston cambridge . great beer selection and good burgers .
we order from here regularly . small facility but the food is pretty darn good . we usually order take out .
great dive bar ! great blues acts and good atmosphere ! nice place to come after dinner for music and a drink !
my favorite breakfast lunch spot in melbourne . and they serve jones soda from the fountain !
new favorite place for lunch . owned by the same people who run ravenous pig , but much better in my opinion .
meh . overpriced and crowded . good place to see and be seen but not my pick for a great dinner .
great food and service ! wings are amazing . very cute on the inside ! josh the server is awesome !
always busy but fairly fast . tiger marts are usually good . food , soda , gas , restrooms . never a bad choice to stop .
amazing food ! amazing service ! david and corey made us feel like we were home in lucca ! cosi buono !
great healthy food , draft beer , good atmosphere , and pleasant outdoor seating if you want it .
love this spot . great food , drinks , and place to watch sports games . go to spot in southie .
never , never was disappoineted here . if you don't see it on the menu ask neno he will make it for you .
great name and super delicious mac cheese !
delicious japanese and thai fusion . great sushi and ramen , elegant ambiance with casual comfort
awesome drive up . nice grounds . great people . room a double . good views . this is a draft .
meat was tender sauce was delicious ! carbonara chicken cutlet spicy garlic pork loin . . definitely will be back .
great service . and kind bartenders . the guinness could use a little improvement though
the hubby goes here for parts and the occasional tool rental . they have great service and competitive prices .
classic american diner just outside the airportl
i'm from mexico city . this ladies make the the best torta de milanesa in austin !
been going there for years . the food is consistently good . great chicken fingers and boneless ribs
very good seafood in a great location in the government district . recommended to me by a boston local .
i walk by this place everyday to campus . it's nice inside , cool store space , reasonable prices on cool shoes . sold
very friendly staff , clean and very good service . i liked this subway better then dorchester
great staff and the best furiture too . i have several thing here . i lovbe my new table
azuka was amaaaazing . food was awesome ! service was great and show was entertaining as usual .
best negroni on the strip made by a very fun bartender . excellent food always . and did i mention the bartender .
very tasty burger , fries weren't fresh . overall good place to chill and eat a burger with friends .
great quality sushi and food without the typical high price tag . service is always good and fast .
amazing owner forgot his name , terrible with names ! great food and drinks and beautiful atmosphere !
love this place ! i am waiting , not so patiently , for one in brevard county , florida !
love this place my favorite indian restaurant in cambridge . the lunch buffet is delicious and relatively inexpensive .
nice coffee , the decor isn't very inviting but kinda cool . love the mural
have been here a few times and loved it each time ! fantastic location , yummy drinks , and great tacos and guacamole .
service was excellent , food was of a very high quality and the drinks were refreshing . would for sure recommend .
to die for cupcakes ! definitely my go to bakery for cupcakes . my favorite is keylime .
oma egg with salmon is sooo good . services is excellent !
one word delicious from the oreo milkshake to the cinnamon brown sugar ice cream and poffertjes
i'm not gonna lie . i was pretty wasteyfaced , but from what i remember this place was pretty fun .
good crust . fresh ingredients . very nice !
this place is a hidden gem tucked away in logan's crossing . everything they create is fabulous !
awesome date night destination . the chefs selection sashimi is a must . beautiful tatami rooms . loved it !
eclictic austin spot with awesome drink specials starting at with sake bloody mary's for only . . sweet spot .
nicholas helped us out today and was amazing ! we had our struggles and he was patient and kind !
awesome place . good beer the staff was excellent . great place to get good beer and hang out
great food . hometown diner feel . little pricey for what it is but the experience and food is great .
thank you for meeting my burrito needs , esp when i am hungover . bless you taco pedaler . bless you .
went in with my granddaughters broken screen . minutes later it was repaired . great price and excellent service . highly recommend .
friendly staff , great drinks , well prepared food !
got a veggie pad thai . reasonable price , good flavors , and plenty of veggies ! would definitely return .
love this gym . they can work with all body types and all fitness levels . the people are friendly and open .
the food here is so yummy ! their sauce is amazing . the restaurant is spotless and the staff is so friendly .
i don't always eat steak sandwiches . but when i do , i prefer rip city grill !
had a late dinner delivered . excellent pizza , wings , garlic bread and salad . glad to have them in the neighborhood !
always a good cut and great talk for your typical guy . good place to hang out and go to .
very good bar . great bartenders . great food . nice austin atmosphere . even with the weird manager who always looks suspicious . lol .
possibly the best chinese food around . spareribs are incredible . saugus wings are a must have . love it !
once you go freebirds , you never go back . to sh ! t potle .
very reasonably priced , polite employees , quick service , and honest work .
one of my favorite places to see live music in austin . perfectly vibey . and they have my favorite beer .
staff are always friendly and extremely helpful !
this place makes authentic indian food . it is a neighborhood gem .
great small coffee shop , comfortable environment the owners give back to our community
very good , one of the best ethiopian restaurants i've been to ! the service was very kind too . nice experience .
great store !
great local people who work here always very helpful and they always have what you need .
best taco joint in town , especially after a few drinks . double d's all the way !
great delicious food and totally worth every penny ! definitely be returning for more ! yummy !
great breakfast spot in boulder . no wait on a saturday morning , very friendly staff , great food .
great little gift shop . you will find some great deals here and awesome gift ideas for any occasion .
the food and service is exceptional ! our chef tonight was kevin i will definitely be requesting him next time !
i love the freshness and consistency of the meals it is very convenient and healthy !
great food , pleasant staff , enjoy the outdoor seating while you can . a much needed eatery in downtown milwaukie .
good food , good service , good location ! love this place and would go back !
tap room is awesome . beers that they brew on tap . awesome beers . friendly staff and friendly atmosphere .
still the best place around . takes forever , but the mani pedi is exceptional here . free parking and awesome massage chairs .
amazing , nutritious human food . love it . leaves you full too . line can get long at meal times .
best market and 'experience' all on an island , just outside of downtown . . wow !
this was a very fun experience , the zip line was amazing and all the employees were helpful and extremely friendly .
great experience ! excellent food , family friendly , and very attentive wait staff . we always have a good time at verde .
best wings in portland ! i shall return !
good venue showcasing great talent . as for the food , i would recommend the pizzas or the hummus appy .
traveled to atlanta in august . ordered the angry mussels , delish !
best cuban sandwiches . also , love there homemade chicken soup , yummy ! employees were very friendly .
service was a little rushed . good food but missing real atmosphere . a trendy spot but something is missing .
tasty sauce , friendly service , old world italian atmosphere . i would go back for sure .
great pastries , people , and vibe . needed addition to the area ! don't miss the sabich
here to see capital cities watching a private show hosted by radio . great show very crowded event
tony . ashley and the crew help you forget a long day at work . great job . will definitely be back
stone crab alone warrants stars ! always consistent and one of the better corporate chains .
aaaaaamazing egg sandwiches ! and the devil eggs are not to miss ! the owner's kind of hot , too !
loved my acai bowl . i had a simple bowl with just strawberries , banana , granola on top .
great food with a great vibe ! now if only there was a couch so i could stay even longer
good drinks , wings are great , great happy hour , good service and a cool looking place .
this place is excellent . just one thing needs more gluten free options .
good area , fast maintenance requests responses , feels safe .
the manager paige was fantastic ! kings was great experience and such a fun time ! i can't wait to go again
pricey , and plan on a wait , but the food is some of the best fusion i've ever eaten .
i only wish their in store prices were available on line too ! best deal a dozen roses . all colors !
best hawaiian food i've had in vancouver , wa . great location and large portions . will definitely go back
great selection , good prices and friendly staff ! i always find something new to try . i highly recommend tower .
was here for the soft opening . everything went pretty smooth . food was good
it's a cozy little place with a great view on rd . love the chai massala .
ive never seen a pho restaurant that had a hugeee wait line until i came here !
i love this place . the people who work there are kind and seem genuinely interested in getting to know you !
i usually get the cheese steak but can't beat freshly sliced meats etc . good for a quick sandwich
chorus you are always on my mind , you are always on my mind . w . nelson
delicious food . big portions . great customer service . they have discount on the buffet after . .
wonderful down home cooking ! delicious home fries and food ! breakfast all day on weekends until o'clock
the best brazilian pizza in orlando , ever ! the variety of flavors , the environment . i just loved it !
first time at a build your own pizza place . didn't disappoint . a ton of choices to make . definitely going back .
delicious chicken a las brasas . they have a delicious wages potatoes , their sauces are unique . i definitely recommend this place .
get the pizza with the potatoes on it . you won't be disappointed .
way over priced and the servicer was kinda rude . food was great , compliments to the chefs !
we had medium garlic wings , and they were amazing ! the staff here is very attentive and friendly . hence friendly confines , lol .
tasty hot pot and nice karaoke . the karaoke system is very user friendly . service is also good .
a great experience . culver is exceptional at customer service . thank you mini of portland !
i love this place ! i've been going for years and the food , ambiance and service is always top notch .
wonderful sushi , would highly recommend . i'll definitely be back next time i'm in pdx .
fabulous location , food and service . the complimentary salsas are fresh and delicious and the portions left me full .
update based on a recent visit , the fries have been fixed . yay !
omg the fu ing wet burrito ! i'd never had anything like this . ever . i'm in love !
great rollercoaster , worth the wait . i normally hate going backwards , but this was really alright .
a great bakery in austin ! breakfast taco and ham and cheese croissant . great atmosphere and customer service . i'll be back
standard sandwich shop . fast , good , inexpensive . everything is toasted . atmosphere is warm . music is good . staff was courteous .
popped into the petco edgewood today they have a great toy selection ! will definitely be back .
best coffee on or around georgia tech campus . needs more seating .
this is the best happy hour i've been to in a long time . amazing service from kaeli and andrew .
my favorite lunch place on the hill . the owner is super nice . the food is yummy just like the name .
good place to return a large number of cans ample parking near a large door , and carts you can borrow .
what a good place to get some tacos and nachos . good value and a great tiny location .
i walked in looking a little lost , and an employee immediately asked if he could help me with anything . thanks !
awesome food entertainment from our cook for the evening .
one of the most underrated places . their chicken pho is to die for and it keeps me coming back .
awesome tamarind cooler and samosa ! chutneys are a must try , super delicious and full of flavor .
i had a first date here . i'm getting married to her in two weeks ! golden buddha is great !
the staff at sydney's is amazing ! every time i go elsewhere for a gel manicure i regret it .
excellent green curry chicken and tom yum soup ! we are so happy to have this restaurant close to home .
posted original review in wrong location . review was for alberta restaurant
very pleased with the quality of service and the reasonable cost .
rapid service . had green curry with chicken and it was some of best i've had would definitely return .
they friendly and good service i like this coffee shop and caramel latte is so nice and delicious .
thought to try these mini donuts and was a great decision . fresh and warm . just so good .
really nice food . the bone marrow is strongly recommended . yum !
korean beef , clam chowder n ace pineapple cider . service can sometimes take long on a busy sunday
amazing food ! courteous staff and really really great thai food . the red snapper was awesome !
burger was good . ambience was nice . fries are awesome . cheese curds were ok . once they became cold not so much .
great burger spot in houston . friendly staff . decent portions and relaxed atmosphere .
just ate a juicy burger at the townsend with the softest of bread and the red miso mayo was delicious !
great food and fun location . had the bacon brownie for dessert . wow , it was excellent . i'll be back .
great variety , great concept . lots of sugar and fat though , so i only indulge on rare occasions lol !
free wifi and the employee's are always courtesy and nice . also fast service you are in and out .
one of my favorite restaurant in east boston the have the best pupusas i really recomend this place
fine french food ! mouth watering meats . savory sauces . sweet soups . dreamy desserts . ooo la la ! the deal get the eiffel tower dessert !
great place . very friendly staff . they make you feel very comfortable . the prices are ok . definitely i'll come back soon .
highly recommend this place ! we got the oysters , cauliflower , red trout and grilled avacado .
very good the maple bacon combo was the best if you get it with orange juice it's like breakfast
believe the hype . incredible food , atmosphere . very modern and chic ! the lavender biscuits are incredible .
got the chocolate covered strawberries for a mother's day gift . easily the best batch i have ever purchased !
this place is awesome ! good coffee , nice staff and live music ! lots of tables and enough outlets
excellent service and large portions for my gyro salad ! love the spreads sauces looking forward to leftovers tomorrow .
we didn't have food just drinks but the bar and the bartenders are on it . friendly and fast .
a good clean place for dim sum but book a table because it can get busy at lunch time .
just had my toes done with tam , she did an awesome job . definitely going to ask for her next time !
these guys get it . pizza is good . attention to personal business goals is commendable .
so good ! best ginger salad and mushroom onion soup !
ease of getting to and from airport , courteous drivers , and ice cold water when you pick up your car .
good easy , financing , reliable people . bought a nissan xterra there . good price as well .
what a great place ! charming location , wonderful staff , and a great menu make this place a must go .
great service . grouper sandwich , fish tacos and fried green tomato caprese were all great !
just go . that is all everything that can be said has been so i won't waste any more words
this place is as cute as the help and smells like a fresh garden .
another great year , sprayed the foundation , no problems , steve was as friendly as ever
great friendly tap house interesting unusual selections from beers , ciders , wines , kombuchas they cater to every taste
wedge salad and rib eye were great . awesome bloody marys ask for extra spicy . fun bartenders !
very good accounting firm . always turns the returns around fast during tax season and very responsive staff .
great service , great food , fair pricing . a great mexican place to consistently get a good authentic meal .
great bistro with a killer happy hour menu . try the steak frites .
the ethiopian food here is delicious . i'm having the meal of my life as i write this .
the best breakfast i have had in portland i still have dozens of pollaces to go though .
sold pub plus it's like visiting hogwarts .
carmen made us feel very welcome and provided great service . excellent presentation and delicious food . great experience and value .
great place to get ice cream . very cheap price . especially being right near sea world .
hands down the best sesame chicken i've had over any price range . clean restaurant , great food
exquisite ! wow , this guy is passionate about his chocolate . great flavor pairings , like white chocolate lavender chamomile . macarons were amazingly good .
top notch burger and usually decent service . you come here and you know what you're going to get .
incredible dulce de leche pastries . almond croissant was amazing as well . worth the visit
this is the best banh mi in boston . the sticky rice tacos rock . the service is impeccable .
wonderful juice bar . love the menu and the juices were amazing . i would definitely recommend this place to people .
i love their triple cheese wedges ! always hot and yummy !
love this for breakfast and lunch . very friendly people , great coffee , huge sandwiches that are exceptionally tasty .
great mexican restaurant . the food was very delicious the hosts very pleasant . will defiantly come again !
mexican wrap was awesome , fries were good too . i would get lunch from here again . i would recommend it .
goodbye size jeans , i just at the best pizza and it was inches ! awesome !
explains everything , great service . clean and answers all your questions . i will call them for future jobs .
i had the tuna tacos and the scallops . unbelievable presentation , taste , and atmosphere !
great sushi , very friendly service , new ginza is now my go to takeout spot .
this place is my go to for pedicures ! the attendants are so professional and are fast and efficient .
one of my favorite brunch places in cambridge . it is very affordable and the art is always a conversation piece .
throughout the whole process , awf were quick , courteous , and professional . i will definitely be using them again in the future .
best place ! doughnuts are amazing and such a variety to choose from ! always fast and great customer service ! highly recommended !
i've never had a bad meal and the service owners are so nice ! great communication , pricing , and quality !
wow ! hamburgers were amazing and the shake machine was going non stop ! diamond find .
great food an for once not just a hyped restaurant . and yeah , the chicken are organic
thopten is the best sushi chef everrrr ! plus the guy is hilarious ! btw he loves chris brown lol .
the employees here speak clear english ! that is enough for me to love it !
freaken awesome ny style pizza ! greasy and cheesy just like it should be . huge pizza slices . fold and eat .
nothing beats the chocolate almond gelato from this place . i love the vibe everything about this place .
delicious food , super healthy yet still flavorful , great even for those of us who aren't vegan , and great customer service !
yes , yes , yes ! i need miso , nori , kimchi , chrysanthemum tea , matcha . if you need asian ingredients . go to h
nice atmosphere , clean facilities . delicious gang curry . best in austin
great , eclectic draught beer selection . when in bos stop by for some tasty libations !
flying biscuit is kinda weird but in the best way . their servers are cool . it's a chill breakfast brunch spot .
love b . good . any time , any place the food is amazing and is sourced responsibly !
best pizza ive ever tasted plenty of offerings never old but only fresh food store very well managed . love it !
this place is amazing . one hour foot , head and back massage for . the best i had !
very nice staff , great coffee and pie . can be crowded , which is good for them !
service has really improved over the years . brunch is very good and the live music is excellent .
huge selection of premium liquids , very helpful staff and so clean ! prices are good with honest advice !
really good ! usually go to sieze , but sunrise offers pts for spending , plus closer .
incredibly relaxing foot massage ! definitely put me in a relaxed state minutes is all you need
good food , my favorites are the chips salsa and the flauta and the steak taco .
efficient , friendly and no nonsense . i had a wheel alignment and will definitely be back when i need tires !
lynn can pour some drinks ! super friendly and fast service ! we appreciate the breakfast cocktails !
very good ! great server kyle and tasty food . love the table side cooking served in egg .
amazing hotel ! great rooms . great staff . wonderful breakfast and fantastic location ! my choice of hotel in portland oregon anytime !
chips were fresh . fresh salsa was very good . margaritas were generous and tasty . we'll be back .
gorgeous venue . great selection of hub brews . nice place .
pork fennel and chicken sausage with peppers were delicious . great , friendly service . reasonable prices . solid eatery .
live music , bar , food , mini golf , cornhole , darts . what more can you ask for ? this place is great
great brunch . fast , friendly , affordable . a must on davie !
great little italian restaurant . wonderful food , great service !
super food ! don't get to go often for lunch bec there's usually a wait , but the food is totally delish !
this was by far my favorite bbq spot in atlanta , but just for the beef ribs . i'll miss them dearly .
awesome food ! great bbq , sides and desserts . looks plain on the outside and inside but man it's good eating !
pretty space . nice baristas . taaaaaasty cappuccino . too caffeinated to form a real sentence . will certainly return .
this is definitely the best car wash in the country ! amazing attention to detail ! and they are surprisingly fast !
really good prosciutto and mortadella sandwich for a good price . i went back to work smelling like a deli though
best lunch spot . don't come , it's mine . . good food and the regular staff if very friendly and attentive .
best breakfast around in my opinion . a little off the beaten track . smoked salmon hash salad is to die for .
had the sausage calzone for lunch . was awesome . the peppers and onions tasted so fresh . and fast delivery !
great deal and excellent quality . dr . eric is my favorite . he's excellent at what he does and super friendly .
absolutely the best ! local , delicious you can tell the extra care and respect that goes into these sandwiches .
i'm a fan ! bfast tacos all day , great staff , free chips and salsa awesome btw and menudo served everyday !
for a wash , a good cut and blow dry ? yes please . i'm there .
extremely fresh fish , and the fried milk dessert . omg . that is all you need to know .
perfect for brunch on sunday . pancake is wonderful . their hospitality is unusually very warm .
love it ! highly recommend the koby beef steak . pricey but totally worth it . we will definitely be coming back !
perfect fancy experience for the keto low carb diet . fun drinks . a very indulgent experience .
zoey is the bee's knees . virtue has a sense of community and integrity . you will love it . go !
holy cannoli , yes yes yes ! can't go wrong with any of the flavored cannoli but the ricotta is my favorite !
not as good as killer burger but definitely worth going . they are little with a big delicious bite .
amazing blueberry cosmopolitan . made with muddled blueberries delicious ! thanks chris ! great service , and quick too .
many options for seafood . deviled eggs are a must have . nice ambiance .
great sushi ! try the latino roll ! or the caifornia !
i love this nail salon ! they always do such a great job with my acrylics and pedicures !
great deal on there pizza and cheaper than other places near by and they are never too late !
banh cuon was good but they need some work on the fish sauce . ice black coffee was on point .
love the products , the kiwi face mask made my face so soft ! friendly service as well .
porkies makes it tough for other bbq places . the monster sandwich is flavor in every bite . expensive , but worth it .
one of my favorite local coffee shops around austin . amazing vibes . and taco tuesday wins every time .
excellent facility with great coaches and management . great community and welcoming to all fitness levels !
the best . they installed my entire new heating system . so professional all round , quality workmanship . highly recommend this company !
had a great dinner . food was excellent , the service was very attentive . made my vacation in orlando unforgettable .
been coming here for years . consistently good food . lots of great fresh options and a delicious place to bring visitors .
of the best brunches in town ! total fan of this place . low key .
adorable little place with good tea
looking forward to going back ! food was excellent and staff was friendly . female manager was awesome .
nice alternative in davis . deisel was crowded so came here
the service was great and the food was excellent ! it's a bit pricey but totally worth it !
great concept . extremely convenient and well thought out .
amazing food ! i live in miami and have flown up just for the day to eat at this place .
great bar and good food . natalie is the best barista i've had ever . a great place to hang out .
out of this world empanadas . , omg , hot and soft freshly baked pandesal . superb and super friendly service .
really , really good burgers . fries just ok . too salty .
have been times in the past weeks . can't get enough ! great creole comfort breakfast !
great service and really good food . i will go back to try some of their drinks and nice draft menu .
love going here for gel polish and manicures . owner is very sweet and skilled . definitely recommend trying them out .
delicious ! and the owners are so nice too . we had the mango and pineapple gelato . yum
george motta did my tattoo and it came out awesome will deff be coming back soon !
great and fast service and price . car was clean and performed well . i love renting from enterprise !
excellent beer cheese soup ! great selection of brews . oatmeal porter was great . need a bigger bar .
loved the brisket here , get the beans , corn caserrole . turkey was excellent . took the line a while to move .
smell the homemade bread , organic for those who care . the cookies apparently sell out by pm .
everything was delicious ! bit pricey , but a good place to go when you're not too hungry .
good noodle bowl . i didnt figure i'd like tripe and tendons , but i do . excellent friendly service . reasonable price .
the burgers and staff are very friendly . always a great experience . they really go above and beyond in the service .
loved our experience at chilangos . great staff , self service salsas and a secret ghost pepper hot sauce in the back !
steve is awesome , very honest . they will fix you up for a fair price and not over charge you .
good service . had the ziti pasta and it was tasty . a bit too salty but otherwise great .
wonderful quality . my poke bowl was fresh and refreshing . i am excited to find a new sushi place !
the drinks don't disappoint and the staff are very fun to talk to . so happy it's just around the corner .
food was delicious but had to cut tons of fat off pastrami . huge order of fries and wonderful salad .
amazing food and amazing service . a little pricey but worth every dollar . absolutely the best thai food i ever had .
love this place ! yummy drinks and inviting atmosphere ! our waitress was pretty awesome as well ! thanks omolara for perfect service !
i've gone to oodles for a long time . i've gotten nothing but a warm reception , and great food .
great atmosphere , great food , great drinks . plus , gluten free pizza for all you people who are allergic to gluten .
consistantly great food and the kindest people . i love eating here and the super nice people keep me coming back
awesome food ! and guinness of course
the best supermarket i've ever been to . great prices too .
food is great , sports all the time , and the beer selection is beyond wonderful ! bartenders are pretty cool too !
brisket tacos all the way . it may not be authentic mexican food . but i love it !
great service . outstanding food . allergy friendly establishment .
coffee is good , everything else is great ! service is always friendly . the menu is always changing .
my favorite is the meatball slider . the wedge fries are great too . i wish this was closer to me .
the center is beautifully updated and offers wonderful educational classes for parents and parents to be . the boutique is amazing !
already ate over half of the special egg sandwich . special doesn't do it justice ! like a breakfast style cubano
fucking dank and affordable . fries are always hot , always perfect . truffle oil ? yes please
great pizza , amazing beer selection for te brew snobs , great atmosphere . glad this place in adding to scene on edgewood .
always impressive ! the gold standard in floral design and floral delivery in boston .
the food was really good . the steak omelette was tasty and filling . nice service was just the cherry on top !
great tap selection , willing to offer samples before ordering , friendly service . somewhat loud , but congenial .
the best thai food in vancouver , i found the restaurant to be very clean , have nice ambiance and very good service .
love the club sandwiches , flan , golden tofu spring rolls , dumpling and flan . yummy ! a must go
buuuuuurgerrrrrrs . oh , i'm so sorry i was just drooling onto my laptop .
yum ! great pizza and bread sticks ! good atmosphere and super fast , friendly service !
now known as pizza locale . good food and wine . happy hour has good prices .
excellent ice cream and good variety of flavors . line can be long but moves fairly well . highly recommend coffee oreo !
the most amazing happy hour menu and atmosphere the moscow mules rock the staff is friendly and efficient
always a great meal at busaba . and always busy which is a good sign ! very fresh and authentic thai .
friendly staff , especially lacey and lexi ! it's always a great experience ! i going to pbt !
fascinating mix of flavors really enjoyed the taco . who knew you could get korean without all the heat ?
food is delicious . beef lamb wrap is the shiz . maybe clean up the area around the trailer a little bit .
hey , guys . and gals ! we're really luck to have such an authentic and tasty indian food restaurant in westside atl .
nice clean atmosphere and good pho soup . not the best i've ever had but definitely you of the top .
i like the atmosphere of this place and the customer service is very good and professional .
these guys have consistently been honest and gone the extra mile . their rates have always been reasonable too .
met and exceeded my highest expectations ! you absolutely could not go wrong choosing this realtor to represent you .
laura did an awesome job on my brows and was thoroughly enjoyable and professional through the whole process . highly recommend !
really unique unusual dishes well made well prepared great place to eat large selection of drinks
the blueberry bourbon basil donut is one of the most delicious things i've ever consumed .
great staff , food , specials . favorite mexican food i've found in portland . the special is the way to go .
my favorite seafood restaurant in columbus . old school and unpretentious . completely substance over style . you'll love it !
what a great concert series for charity over the summer . very friendly staff and service with a safe setting .
i love third place . i was very place . the roof top was amazing . the good was delicious . service was slow .
all diner counter seating . i had the pig in blanket . good value , sufficient amount of food , and good coffee . efficient seevice
solidly good , consistent , cheap , and large portioned food . it's a block from my house and its our go to place .
es el mejor lugar de comida mexicana para traer ala familia a disfrutar de una deliciosa comida mexicana
nice , small place . local owners good alternative to corporate coffee places .
great venue , great staff , great food . with amazing music constantly on tap , how can you go wrong ?
great food and great , friendly service . the owner will come out and talk with you about italy .
staff was great and food was awesome . loved the free homemade ice cream .
always good roast beef , just make sure you bring cash !
terrific breakfast and portions highly recommend the french toast and house sausage . sweet and fast waitstaff .
prices and quality are good . nice happy hour menu but unpredictable service . sometimes on the very poor side .
my kids love this place . even if they are absolutely tired , they won't resist cheesecake factory !
i love this place ! sliders are tasty and so are the drinks ! highly reccomend !
great atmosphere . beer sampler was good . not the best variety of beers , but most are tasty . amazing view .
we love this place ! great atmosphere and amazing beer . all ages welcome and comfortable !
awesome always customer service , best mac salad , love the sweet garlic chicken . definitely my comfort food
wonderful experience . salesman craig helwig was kind , attentive , his recommendations were spot on , and the purchase was enjoyable and gratifying .
excellent food and good service . prices are fair and portions are well served large pieces of sashimi . highly recommend .
really good fish taco and clam chowder . super friendly staff . dine in area limited to stand up counter and benches .
amazing food great price , i got the chicken bbq , sooo tender ! i'll be back . service was friendly and quick
great quality coffee , with amazing customer service ! one of my favorite spots in portland !
reminds me of ten forward bar on star trek tng . great place for fancy drinks and a great view .
we love this place . food and service is top notch . we eat here about once a week . kids love it .
this place is great ! laid back , great menu , extremely friendly and accommodating staff
soooo . gooooddd . here . their apple memossa is good egg benedict is delicious . salmon bagels and veggie burrito is really good
the motherclucker sandwich and cheeseburger are excellent ! love the local support .
super fun covid friendly activity ! john the owner is amazing ! will for sure be going back
amazing cupcakes . every flavor i've tried is fantastic . service is great too and owner us a sweetheart !
always great customer service ! very helpful and well informed employees
good drinks , great outdoor seating , and tasty shrimp and salmon tacos . definitely worth a dinner trip
love all the rides , food is extremely over priced ! harry potter rides are brilliant !
great spot for lunch ! good soup , sandwiches , and sides . heath bar cookie is bomb too !
loved the noodles with vegetables and tofu . but watch out the 'medium' spicy is pretty hot !
awesome kashmiri chai and extremely kind service from the owner ! definitely would recommend stopping by here when in austin !
tracy is a world class aesthetician and an even better person . stars all the way around .
great location to downtown and other areas . nice rooms and great breakfast .
delicious tacos for the price , very good flavor and quality of ingredients ! would return any day !
every time i visit my daughter i want to eat here . tried eggs benedict for the first time really delicious
love their food ! great place ! loved the taiwanese noodles
wonderful coffee shop . i'll pen and spacious atmosphere . cappuccino and pastries were top notch .
sssuper cool hostess ! also vegan pizza yums
love this place ! knowlegdable and friendly staff with a decent selection of new and old comics .
always the best customer service . great ride through carwash . love that the vacuums are free .
great food . great service . fun drinks . great place for a casual dinner or special celebration .
very good work on pairs of pants , both altering and making the correct length .
got chicken parm and spaghetti . chick parm very good . spaghetti was average . very nice atmosphere . will come back again .
good food and great customer service at texas land and cattle . the waitstaff was friendly and very attentive .
delicious ! totally worth the wait in line , really moist doughnuts and perfectly satisfied my sweet tooth lol
i was in there this morning to get my tires checked and chase helped me out . great customer service .
food was fantastic we had the goat cheese appetizer , ruben and meatloaf . service was good . has a small cozy feel .
this a cute sandwich shop ! sandwiches are good and reasonably priced . would definitely recommend to a friend .
come here often for their grilled chicken sandwich with bbq sauce , mayo , lettuce , and pickles . always finger licking delicious !
love these guys they treat you like family . alway there for you . very professional , best in the business
such a cute and adorable place ! i would buy out the entire store only if my budget would allow it .
believe the hype . best tandori chicken i've ever eaten .
fixed my moncler puffer die jacket from a cigarette burn sooooo well , no one can notice !
great food , amazing beer selection from all over the world . valet parking available and it is complementary .
excellent food , very friendly . i had the beef and chicken combo and recommend it highly .
good , old fashioned , unhurried service , country store diner atmosphere . good food with some great old home cooking favorites .
this location of trudy s is closed . it is now a texican cafe .
this gym bans meat heads from grunting and dropping weights . enough said .
the best bookstore on the west coast . everyone needs to go here
great food , outstanding service . our waitress , marissa d was exceptional . will come again .
taco bar es muy delicioso y barato !
great customer service from shanna ! was very pleased with this location !
wonderful experience ! le tran did my pedicure and shellac manicure and both are flawless . i will be back !
asked for the lean brisket yucca fries and grill roasted corn on the cob . aaaaaaaaaaaah ! hog heaven !
overall a nice and affordable place to eat , but avoid going on friday night , way too crowded !
great restaurant . all the hype is true .
the croissants are top notch . they haven't been egg washed and they're just slightly salty .
i rolled into town needing a cut and randomly found this place . very professional got a great cut !
this place is great ! the waitresses waiters are great and they offer great service . thumbs up from this camper
great value , excellent service , nice intimate atmosphere . nice chsnge of pace . my new go to in beverly .
great bar for a happy hour , great selection of drinks . menu with a verity of things to nibble on
great selection , friendly service . i can usually find something to complain about , but i got nothin !
very knowledgeable and helpful staff . broad selection of foreign language books . great resources for learning other languages books !
amazing coffee and questions ! the food looks great and i will try it next time ! real puertorrican pastries and food !
outstanding customer service i need it to get my car oil change and they did it fast and very professional
they have the best seafood especially the mares caldo ! it's spicy but enjoyable . very delicious !
great sushi and great happy hour ! can't believe he price ! good and timely service as well !
ginormous selection of brewskies , super knowledgable staff . the chillest spot to get rare brews with your homies .
love the food here . i will ll definitely come here again . the fried calamari is great . love their seafood !
great coffee shop . fast and friendly . best coffee shop in central square by far .
really tasty middle easter food . from to falafel , kabobs , lebnah . food getting better the longer open !
extremely professional . a better person thanks to the help i received at deep eddy !
loved it . really good food and huge portions . awesome full bar and a wonderful staff . i would definitely go back .
another great meal ! usually do the lunch buffet so the dinner was a nice treat . delicious !
after several visits , i am very pleased with the services and prices at perfect stitches . the proprietors are friendly .
hands down the best vintage resale shop in pdx . be careful , you'll want to spend your whole paycheck !
amazing food . the jazz and blues bands are a bonus but just to eat there is a gift .
agree with the great sandwiches so now run out and try the pizza . yum !
great decor , friendly service , consistently good food !
outstanding , fast professional was very professional and did an amazing job , i strongly recommend brian
fav spot for breakfast . gorgonzola , mushie , thyme omelet press pots of tea .
hi ho silver i'm blown away ! truly exceptional delicious food and a fantastic atmosphere . absolutely love this place !
spicy pork and vegetables with steamed rice was very good .
exquisite food . clean . fast service . high quality ingredients . beautifully designed . big portions . interesting menu . fresh seafood
love this spot . great drinks and bar menu . the street cart fries are amazing !
funky , elegant surroundings . delicious drinks and food . great happy hour specials . i look forward to the next visit .
great thai ! the food is always consistently good unlike other restaurants in the area that are sometimes hard to predict !
good overall , nice design and the food is consistent .
one of my fav japanese hibachi restaurants in atl ! always friendly staff and the cooks are amazing ! great sushi too !
i love porter sq books ! they are always so helpful , even when i'm looking for some pretty obscure books .
love this place ! the food is so great and tasteful . the staff is absolutely amazing and so friendly !
always stop in for my favorite when traveling through atlanta . buttermilk fried chicken tacos are awesome
very good bbq and loved the sauces . simple and relaxed atmosphere . deff would go back .
the bahn mi pork sandwich gave me a mouth gasm . i really don't know what else to say .
solid place . either get here early or plan for a wait due to the line . top notch barbers
we agree with dillion . the food is authentic and you have to be a true chinese food lover to understand .
first time in portland . best restaurant we've been to here . original dishes , fresh taste , just right . excellent fried rabbit .
good quick food and friendly service . lots of options to load up on veggies and a large variety of sauces .
nimnim has quick turnaround , and competitive rates . i've been using them for months now , and they have always delivered !
love them ! an austinrita and fried avocado tacos and all is right with the world for me .
food and service was outstanding ! tiffany waitress was incredible ! food came out hot and fast !
best fish tacos i've ever had ! the hush puppies are delicious as well !
thank you red dog for taking such good care of our pet jax while we were away .
beer and whisky pairings were spot on . great atmosphere . very helpful and friendly staff .
lil asian girl , think her names jinna ! made some awesome recommendations awesome ice ! plenty of choices
good drinks , quick bartenders . spacious , doesn't feel over crowded . good carribean music all night
yum tuna sub may be better than thundercloud ! fast and friendly you guys are great !
wow incredible ! haven't had such wonderful cheese since i was in paris . highly recommend .
busiest airport in the usa so it is okay for me . selection of food and shops is extensive .
best bar downtown ! great people , great atmosphere , great drinks !
very friendly customer service . one of the most organized children's place i've been too .
amazing service and results ! been there twice , and was welcomed by victor and nancy . definitely recommend tthis place !
this place is so delicious and cozy ! they even have blankets ! always friendly and explain the flavor profiles .
fun fantastic ! fresh tasty . will definitely come back . gluten free thai bowl rocks !
the best place for 'americanized' tex mex food . love their chicken enchiladas .
delicious ! the atmosphere , the service , and the food are top notch . definitely recommend . check them out for magical dining too !
great food , vibe , location , drinks and bartenders . classy chic .
i like every thing about this place the atmosphere , the coffee , the food , the service . what else can i say .
pizza's are really good i love the crispy chewy crust you can't beat the prices
even though i do my best to avoid soy , i must say the vegan cupcake is sinfully delicious .
amazing food amazing staff . consistently great , a little pricey but worth it and nice to treat yourself to .
awesome hair color by haley ! she is an amazing hair colorist ! love my new hair color !
delicious alyce nutella crepe . happy service . great staff attitudes here . france amerique very large and filling .
fast service , large portions , great food , and low prices . their hummus pita and wraps are delicious .
california wrap was delicious ! easy dinner on a busy work night . fast delivery . would definitely order from here again .
absolutely delicious and authentic . the best italian food i've ever had in america . would highly recommend .
always great seafood a wide selection of drinks , alcoholic that is . cabot go wrong with their specials .
. for beer and wings during happy hour . try the bourbon bbq wings or the citrus ginger wings . yumm .
loving the place the vibe ! feel comfortable here rebecca is the best . i'm coming back for sure
this pizza parlor is awesome . i ordered delivery and takeout several times . the best pizza i've had ! highly recommended
one of the best restaurants i've been to . my whole family loved it . ahmed was a great waiter . strongly recommend .
notorious pig was delicious as was the green bean casserole . one of my favorite bbq sandwiches i've ever had .
hapa was amazing food w an incredibly cool staff . very polite and real great experience .
awesome . great value . huge for . . best banh mi in downtown portland , and the pastries . so good it hurts . cheers
the serving portion is huge ! definitely can share plates . good place to go to if you're craving comfort food .
best cupcakes in town and owners who care about the community . conveniently located at a street car stop !
i had a cheese filled bagel . it was just great . i really loved it .
such beautiful paper and gifts . funny thoughtful elegant it's all here . friendly staff too .
an oregon gem . great food , great atmosphere , great beer but i had the locally sourced cider .
lowest prices in the state ! huge selection ! if you're a fan , this place is worth the drive .
very good pizza . reasonably priced and made from scratch pizza sauces , dough and fresh veggies . what's not to love !
great place to target practice . i had a great time . easy time scheduling too . people are friendly .
good prices , super friendly . i feel fortunate to have this pharmacy in my neighborhood and recommend them without reservation .
had a great stay at the hotel . staff was extremely friendly and hotel was meticulously maintained
if you're going for a scorpian bowl . get the lychee . its the tastiest and strongest by far .
cool , old cemetery with some famous graves . er , graves for famous people .
i ordered twice from this restaurant , their food is really yummy and fresh . shawarma salad is highly recommended .
we tried the traditional lobster roll and fried lobster roll . both were very delicious !
best chicken and rice in portland . there is a reason this place is packed with a line out the door !
very authentic , decent food . lots of veggies and pickles and not covered in cheese and salsa like you might expect .
we sat right away on a thursday night . waitstaff was friendly . had some beers and appetizers . nice place
love this place . exceptional and courteous service . have had several ipls and one facial . i definitely noticed results . highly recommend !
loved it . had the monday special chicken fricase . very good . way too much food . split one meal with my husband .
omg great place for brunch ! we had the chicken waffles and the pecan french toast ! absolutely delicious !
excellent pad thai and great service . definitely coming back here ! thanks for being flexible and delicious .
they have ayran , tasty joghurt drink that's a must with turkish dishes . nice vibe .
an awesome neighborhood pub in atlanta's bohemian little five points . all of these apply divey , dirty , and grungy .
tikka masala was wonderful . fried shrimp appetizer is delicious too . will return for our next dak visit .
good pizza and good subs . for greek style pizza it's yummy . the italian and steak subs are really good .
alcapone was really fun . evan the bartender was super fun and super helpful ! definitely worth going !
very friendly staff , delicious food , great desserts at a decent price . we will return for sure .
amazing customer service . everyone seemed super friendly . food was great and very fast . delicious . definitely would recommend this place !
new sandwich shop in town . original location is in savannah , ga . fantastic food and service ! fast casual atmosphere . shit yeah !
the best bakery in the north end . cookies , bread , pastries , etc . all are delicious !
great food and a fun location . i love the risotto sticks . monday's they have oysters
service was fast , friendly and efficient . min parking right in front .
work was done quickly . the men were nice and professional . i would recommend this shop .
staff is friendly and despite always being busy i am usually in and out with my coffee .
hash n eggs are the best thing on the menu ! they're a must try when visiting isabel !
absolutely the best fake meat i've ever had . even my skeptical meat eating friends love it . favorite restaurant for sure !
warm atmosphere , delicious food , prompt service , very personable owner and staff , this place is a gem !
fresh and good . the price wasn't bad too . they could do better on the grilled shrimps though .
good selection of drinks with nice patio but seriously take off beer cheese off the menu . it's gross .
your food is awesome , we can't wait for you to open in hilliard so we will have a shorter drive !
who doesn't like books ? find a book , buy a book , its what they do .
friendly staff and a cool , modern dinner spot . the hamburger was awesome ! signature cocktails .
convenient and always consistent , who could ask for more ? and have you tried their sticky buns ? the best !
excellent food . great place for group gathering . love the deck . queso is to delicious .
wouldn't trust anywhere else . jd always takes care of me ! new shop is on rosewood and the vibes are unmatched
i enjoyed the noodles and service . we four went there for branch . we finished our bowls .
hannah gave me a great cut . it also included a fantastic massage . i will definitely go back .
good food , decent portions . service was just slow on a thursday at pm .
best bbq i have ever had ! definitely need to order the brisket !
loved the lightbulb teas and make your own poke bowl
they have the best pork tenderloin you've ever eaten and let's not forget the great bartenders .
burgers are tasty and reasonably priced . the girl working the counter wasn't very personable .
a haiku stellar mint juleps ! mini burgers ! mojitos ! drum and bass ? four stars .
get everything ! also check in with yelp to get free oysters while the deal lasts .
you can actually tell the difference with the tasty fresh seafood ! they also have plenty of options !
so far so fantastic good organic , natural and fresh foods . taste what preservatives don't taste like .
i really like this shop and their brand dog food agrees with hound ! thanks for the help , kira !
my go to when i want a healthy lunch that isn't going to sit in my stomach like a brick .
this is the coolest ice cream place ever and it was delicious . i will be returning soon !
quick , super friendly and great prices ! taylor is the man ! thanks guys !
do yourself a favor and try this place ! i've never seen such beautiful plating and it's all so tasty !
absolutely amazing from drinks to food ! the bartender kevin knows his stuff and takes care of all patrons .
good , but you are definitely paying for convenience . the hale cookie icecream thing in the picture i attached was !
visiting from marina del rey , ca aliza did a magnificent job . she helps us in every way she could .
intown dentist is first rate . been going there since and have never been disappointed .
great staff and excellent tacos pastor and veggie are house favorites ! added tip , try the tamales on the weekend !
great service . cheese fries were fresh and delicious ! extensive list of yummy martinis
good work , honest price and absolutely no up sells . thanks guys .
faye was amazing ! one of the best massages i've ever had , and in a calm and peaceful atmosphere .
amazing jambalaya , shrimp , and red beans and rice . everything tasted fresh and flavorful . will be back !
amazing que ! the pulled pork on the h f bun is amazing ! thank you drew for delivering today !
make sure stop by city all around coffee and food amazing iced coffee if it's hot out
such good food every time ! brunch is perfect and can't be beat !
absolutely worth the mile drive from columbia sc . like this place so much i think i'll move here !
the owner and staff are all very friendly . at such reasonable prices , the pizza never disappoints ! especially on tuesdays
repeat customer food is excellent and they deliver , what more can i say .
this place is amazing ! i recommend the bulgogi pulled pork ! and tuesday is free beer day .
their sushi is excellent and they are capable of catering to gluten intolerant customers .
great drinks . great food . good prices . wait staff was on point . close to parking in downtown .
nice midnight hangout with good friends . quiet respite from live bands and electronic music along rainey .
although the sushi was a bit much rice but overall it tastes good . will recommend to others
tasty , creative brunch menu with lots of gf , traditional and vgf .
best pizza we've had since our trip to italy sicily . the margherita is great . maybe best in atlanta .
a fantastic job . this cleaning was months overdue and the interior clean they did was beyond expectation . thank you
love love love is what i have for this hidden jewel ! best coffee , quesadilla's , and staff in all the land !
reasonable prices , friendly staff , great pedicures ! very relaxed atmosphere makes you feel at home . i will return .
such a great environment , fun music , good food . we especially love the chocolate pinata !
very nice ambience ! lots of options new things to try . the glow getter smoothie is so refreshing !
exceptionally churros , cool little atmosphere . i had the wake and bake with frozen banana chips and espresso whip cream .
migas tacos ftw .
everything was fresh and came on time . i should have ordered hot sauce for my ramen !
hired for my wedding , best decision ! very affordable ! love that you have two options black and white or color !
very clean , hard working buisness , staff is friendly , neat and well organize . quick and affective service
fun place to hang out on the rooftop and watch everyone walking around wasted on th st .
great service , open on mother's day sunday night !
always very helpful and willing to order anything they don't carry . good selection and clean store .
awesome shade . huge trees for climbing . lots of soccer fields to run around in .
i want this new sushi restaurant open so badly .
love it here ! you can't beat the good food , wine and music . the pizza is tasty too !
fantastic hole in the wall thai restaurant . the area is deceiving but the food is not ! delicious , speedy , attentive , and kind .
steak is best i've ever had . it's pricey but so worth it . mac and cheese is rich and creamy .
best mexican food in epcot , the pulled pork is awesome .
really good pizza of all varieties , friendly people . best of stoneham , in my year experience here .
excellent haircut service . the business owners are very sweet . i love my new haircut . totally recommend this place
absolutely delicious ! added bonus healthy and fresh ingredients . most flavorful tofu that i have had !
funny comics ! drinks were pricey but i did to take my glass home !
good , massive subs ! nothing too unique aside from the size of these monsters ! fries are insanely good
the service is always good and if your wanting an appetizer the hatch chili cheese fries are a must !
allergy testing complete . friendly and professional staff . dr liberman was everything you would want in a specialist .
great service , great tea , and great staff . oh , and their boba is the perfect texture .
great little cafe in belmont , good drinks and fresh sandwiches . excellent place to take meetings or get some work done .
our first stop un boston ! delicious breakfast and really fast service . thank you so much . we enjoyed a lot .
first time visit warmly greeted big parking lot no wait at am on a thursday trying egg combo
it's just delicious and i'm hooked . can't believe it's also healthy !
jocelyn is great for a color and cut . highly recommend
cool place , great beers . bartenders can get sidetracked , delaying service , but otherwise enjoyed on a couple of visits .
the best biriyani can be found here . i love their snacks and tea too .
delicious food and friendly service !
definitely my favorite restaurant in town ! a fun place to hang out with friends and enjoy absolutely delicious bbq .
this place is awesome all around drinks , food , customer service . every time we go it's on point . priced right .
local restaurant and great food and drink ! ' love sugar cane staff and service ! excellent
great staff and coffee but don't get the bagels . days old . bummer .
excellent sushi , affordable prices . need i say anymore . the staff is friendly and helpful . all the food is beautifully presented .
service was excellent , food was fantastic ! our server cydney did an excellent job !
i had the bavarian cabbage rolls . wow they are the best i've had since i was a little boy .
great food , good prices , nice people i got the shish tawook , baba ganoush , and shawarma .
yummm ! moroccan latte and moroccan biscuit is a great combo b definitely worth a go
amazing spa , great service and the massage . omg ! loved it ! annette santds was amazing ! totally recommend !
delicious food and amazing atmospere ! great place for all ages !
this place has amazing roll icecream . it's a nice twist traditional taiwanese pancakes , now with ice cream !
love this place . house pad thai is my favorite one
happy hr burger was good and good deal but it's the fries that won me . nice skinny crispy fries !
i love the food here , especially the potstickers and the barbecue pork . i would definitely come back here again !
great donuts at a decent price . a lot of fancy flavors and the lattes are really good !
lovely atmosphere , great deserts ! really appreciated the presentation of drinks and cakes
i come here everyday . it is really delicious ! , especially bubble black tea latte !
this place is much better than dragon star hands down ! chicken wings and crab ragoons are boom boom .
excellent food and a great staff . love to go back again very soon !
so good , and quick service . everything we ordered was delicious . biggest surprise , the spareribs were incredible .
you can never go wrong with steak 'n shake the food and the milkshakes are always heavenly
great food and service and love the new location . pulled pork grilled cheese is my goto !
solid pizza little more expensive than i typically pay for pizza in worthington but worth it
delicious , clean , and the scoutmob deal was incredible . so much food and drink for so little money !
daughter loves this place ! the people are so so friendly and upbeat ! just a nice place !
everything here is fresh and amazing ! cant go wrong . try the crispy duck !
well the combinations of seasoning food is awesome i was very surprised at the food very good service was great
the food is good and so are the bottomless mimosas . however , the wait is really long even with a reservation .
flippin grilled cheese ! service was great , my wine rocked and i was extremely happy ! i will be back for sure
this vegetarian loved this restaurant ! great food and atmosphere . i can't wait to go back and try more .
very friendly staff excellent selection and good prices exactly what vancouver needed !
i heart target ! and even though you might not have fake rose petals , i still very much heart you !
amazing service , fresh delicious food , and great atmosphere . i have tried the salmon and steak special , both were amazing !
the food and service was excellent along with a clean environment including the bathroom . i will most definitely return !
great all natural hot dogs . if you love spicy foods , try the freakin hot hot dog .
great food , great prices their lunch and dinner specials are amazing . gf and vegan available !
probably the best haircut i've ever had , all the employees there are great and the wall decors awesome !
food is amazing ! kira was excellent love her excited attitude ! service her is great . i enjoy the atmosphere .
first time here . californian stopping in portland for a night good homemade ice cream thank you
pretty good prices , smaller portions . sandwiches are best bang for your buck . food is amazing .
inexpensive bowling in a great atmosphere with a fantastic craft beer selection and friendly staff !
best steakhouse in town ! eddie the manager is so accommodating . my party was seriously impressed !
great place for a simple but tasty breakfast sandwich . nice outdoor seating , no crowd , no waits , good breakfast sandwich .
great and convenient location . super prices . always clean . the staff is pleasant and helpful .
great food , service and ambiance . a little pricier than most chains but great for a special night out .
unequivocally very good food . i would have given them five stars if it wasn't for sanitation , which could be improved .
had dinner with friends friday night at pappadeaux and had a great time . the food and service was great .
omg ! got a gyro that was loaded with meat . what a great bargain . would definitely go back
amazing food , it's sooo good . great service , super friendly and smiley and knowledgeable .
carnita soft taco awesomet
hands down the best lunch buffet near atlanta . my fav ! i'll drive minutes for it . worth it .
austin wired , but its awesome and the food is fantastic ! the is good and little spivey !
lots of chicken in the pho ga , clean restaurant , quick service , and reasonable prices . one of the best in town .
great photography skills , and does great things with photo software too . a will do business again !
their production of hairspray was really good . i'm totally a fan .
the only place i trust to work on my mercedes . excellent and honest customer service . i'd highly recommend !
its clean and always organized . we i need help finding something , easy find someone and they always seem friendly .
we love destiny ! its becoming our weekly family dinner ! try the spicy beans ! spicy lemon pepper is the best !
nice people and fixed my husbands movado watch band and changed battery , very reasonable price !
cozy , nice decor , great veggie panini , coffee and teas . they put really nice designs on lattes as well . friendly service .
love the variety of items this whole foods just seemed to crowded from all the restaurants they have .
food is excellent . a bit pricey for counter service , but atmosphere is good for kids .
very laid back but professional and friendly service . i'd highly recommend them to anyone residing in the avalon park area .
great place and good prices . lots of cool and unusual foods .
very fun . karaoke on friday nights is highly suggested . the dj is incredible . wings hot and flavored
we didn't want sauce on the ribs and they totally took care of it . great staff and location
vij makes you feel very welcome and comfortable . the mains come with rice and naan bread . simply amazing .
closed september and replaced with an ala carte japanese korean restaurant
if you like pho noodle soup you will not be disappointed .
great food , great vibe and awesome drinks . the food and drinks are made with passion .
absolute best philly cheesesteak sandwiches and cheese fries around . only wish there was more locations
damn fine fried chicken . great bourbon drinks . great service . can't wait to go back and hang out on the patio .
excellent . i love the classic burger . the ketchup is excellent . i wish they open restaurants in nj .
gotta love homemade cinnamon rolls like grandma used to make and italian style cappuccino !
shelby is great and always makes my coffee perfectly . i'm always happy to see her there !
delicious , no wait on a saturday night , kid friendly , great service , mellow atmosphere . loved it .
pork was flavourful and tender , their bibimbap had a modern twist to it . the things we ordered we're delicious .
i eat here every couple weeks , and it's been extremely good food every single time . i would highly recommend it .
love the happy hour and the house punch . very nice place ! great selection of oysters
another great meal at a fine place . we come hear evey time we are in the area .
loved the drinks and the cozy atmosphere ! super convenient and on my way home from work ! dangerous
we got the curry chicken bao , it was good , but i wouldn't get it again .
for great gear and terrific service , ask for jonathan , you will not be disappointed !
great family fun ! food was great and service was spectacular ! our waitress was top notch ! give this place a try !
great great place . highly recommend for brunch or lunch . all had excellent food for a very average price .
really enjoy this place , very accommodating for large groups , great service , delicious food . get the potstickers , amazing !
fresh and delish ! gyro meat was super flavorful . breakfast plates are generous and fresh . great atmosphere . hometown diner !
come here weekly for trivia . great atmosphere , bartenders are very friendly , and the brussel sprouts are amazing !
i love the staff at this north boulder location .
this was my first time here ! amazing haircut with amanda ! will definitely go there again ! coupons are also worth it !
best breakfasts tacos in austin ! hands down the friendliest staff and the most amazing tortillas
love love love ! professional , efficient , clean , and welcoming . would absolutely recommend .
love both the chicken pho and the buddha ramen bowls . get there before noon during the week is best .
they did a thorough and comfortable eye exam and did not make me feel pressured with sales .
yay ! another tasty brunch spot that uses local and organic ingredients . and the chandeliers are cool too !
best dairy free bagel joint i've ever known . spend your entire paycheck here . the carbs are worth it .
ci ci my favorite massage specialist always gets my body right after a long week on my feet .
wonderful restaurant that just sells itself based on the service , price , value and flavor .
everything they make it good ! tamales , loaded fries , fried oreos are ssooo good . brisket tacos ! all good !
josh made these unbelievable carpenter ants find another home . took a couple trips but we are happy as can be .
the best wings in town ! better than bw and quaker steak ! and you have to try the hogstack sandwich !
just had betty chocolate chunk brownie , dulce de leche buttercream . omg ! so delicious !
this place was a huge surprise . great food , huge portions , friendly service and great prices .
just stunning im amazed at what they did with the terrace and courtyard and the pool , gym just gorgeous
i had my first visit , and i was impressed . very nice people . this was just x rays and a comprehensive exam .
absolutely love the food , drinks and vibe of this place . my favorite dinner spot in vancouver . enjoy !
an old favorite that has stood the test of time . simply perfect .
kelly and taylor are great ! the lashes look natural and stay in place as well .
ohhhhhhhj ohhhhhhhh i'm done . i think i was defeated . food service go hand in hand
love this bar . bored ? want a drink ? need a place to meet friends ? stay gold .
best spot to grab a margarita and tacos . our server hannah was great ! ask for hannah when visiting !
love this place . best sushi . delicious drinks . get the miso black cod and the lychee martini . fire flame
classic joint nice location bartender to wait staff were great !
love this place ! the juice selection is amazing and they are very tasty . check it out !
miss this place wish it didn't move from wakefield but that's life . great fried chicken and desserts .
emily is incredibly skilled and intuitive . i would not hesitate making an appointment with her !
ron at costco went above and beyond to help me with my full order ! great service at the checkout .
copy center is always pleasant and knowledgeable . my orders are always finished ahead of schedule . much appreciated .
always nice to find this chain where've i go . some people like whataburger but i prefer here better .
my husband and i just a had a lovely lunch here . service , atmosphere and food were all fantastic .
good food and reasonable prices . i'm not a big organic fan , but you won't be disappointed !
simply scrumptious ! great people running the shop was a breathe of fresh air . also try the pineapple upside down !
solid chinese food , prices not too bad . really great vegan options , the soycurl broccoli dish is my favorite !
pretty and attentive servers plus quality food at a reasonable fine dining price . really enjoyed my first dinner here .
outstanding food and our waitress was excellent . st time there and will definitely be back .
brunch was wayyyy better than my experience with their dinner . mimosas , yummyyy pastrami hash , and delicious pastries !
zarz ! great spot for quality food and drinks downtown ! great happy hour and mussels on the menu bonus !
wow ! surprisingly good food here in this hidden little loft .
consistently awesome burgers , highly recommended . the fries are great as well .
here's a shout out for jess . nice haircut very friendly .
extremely clean . friendly efficient staff . drink was ready very quickly . delicious iced mocha !
go to spot for my family dinner and every birthday . very accommodating for allergies and have never had an issue .
fantastic food . the service was excellent . i would say go ! enjoy . ellen m
great food ! the wings are the best thing on the menu trust me ! the employees are really nice
i love piedmont . i try to go here at least once a week . great for dogs and a nice view .
great noodle , texture of ramen is very original . probably the best shoyu base soup in the town .
always a great experience with dr cook and staff . very patient and takes the time to address all issues .
best yogurt i've ever had . i now travel there once a week . the low fat honey is my favorite .
this place has some of the best sushi that i've ever had ! they have great wasabi , too !
loved the lasagna , salads , bread sangria ! nice atmosphere covered outdoor dining !
i came in today and loved this place ! great service and i will be back again for sure .
we are regulars . we love so many dishes here like the chicken lo mein , broccoli beef , seafood delight , and more .
we love this restaurant ! food , drinks and service are awesome ! churasco and masitas are perfect !
wonderful , quiet atmosphere . great service and amazing food . sushi was fresh , tempura was light and not over friend . kid friendly .
sit outside sit outside sit outside ! the shrimp and grits are good and buttermilk chicken
best deviled eggs and salumi in town
my favorite mexican restaurant in columbus . so sad i no longer live close .
tacos , chips , salsa and queso all really good ! i'll definitely be back ! everything added up quickly but worth it !
excellent bartenders aka masters of mixology always great food .
ham and cheese croquettes are awesome ! top of the line tapas .
pieology awesome pizza , awesome price , awesome time ! my wife and i eat here all the time !
this place is amazing ! ask for kathy and ben ! you won't be disappointed . chamblee's best nail salon !
first time stopping in and the staff was super friendly compared to other nail salons in the area !
rita and the staff are absolutely wonderful welcoming and friendly . great location ! walking distance to downtown portland .
great food with great prices . i really enjoy this little hidden gem in the village . the food is consistently good .
the new owners of this place made our experience fantastic . the food is delicious and the hospitality is great
great shopping and beautiful place ! i would highly recommend . great high end designers !
best beer selection in columbus . great staff ! lotsa parking . amazing general store .
nice , well priced south eastern brazilian comfort food . simple and tasty .
love the games and bbt concept , especially the darts game is fun ! nice young friendly crowd !
i've been patient of dr . mark allara for many years now and can only praise his dedication and professionalism .
finally in portland ! finally can go and try the cloth before i buy cause i hate to shop online !
excellent pizza and amazing calzones ! sat outside and enjoyed the boston neighborhood . very friendly staff .
a little home a little mixture of the new new . everything is a hit from drinks to the delish food
huge food court . take the tour . a tourist spot must .
excellent food and customer service ! i love that they offer seasonal menus !
food was absolutely delicious . its definitely a homey feel . friendly service . affordable .
i do truly love the river radio station . their music is so uplifting and encouraging spiritually to god .
this by far is my favorite bbq spot in the city good consistent and always great customer service !
awesome bar love their cocktail selections seasonal menu love the small plates well made best burger in atl
their catfish and grits is amazing . talk about comfort food . i also enjoyed their salmon with hole gains plate .
i never had sausage and biscuits before this place . the best biscuits i've ever had . food is really good here .
exceptional greek food . very high quality and tasty product . definitely recommend highly
the chile relleno burrito is amazing ! breakfast of eggs , refried beans with cheese , mexican rice and tortillas . . throw on some jalapeno peppers . wow !
food is excellent , with rich flavors . service also very good , polite , well trained .
delicious food , terrific service , nice atmosphere ! i'll be back
ms dolly took her time with me , and super satisfied . it's look nice .
good coffee . but , wish they turned the heater on for their customers . esp . if sitting by the door .
our daughter loves this place ! the ice cream variety is great very healthy .
i liked the idea of picking our own toppings and baking the pizzas right there . fresh and yummy !
had a really nice experience . all food was excellent ! especially loved the braised short ribs .
deep fried cream of spinach cakes . that's all there is to say .
perfect country style pad thai and home made limonade !
. really but i'll give it since it is cheap and a healthy alternative to a burrito .
this place is amazing ! food is superb bloody mary's are great ! we had a true feast
i love this place . great environment , coaches , and people . i have become stronger and have improved my technique .
very personable baristas , but a bit slow . ladies room needs to be consistently kept cleaner .
good food , fun atmosphere , very friendly staff , karaoke and fun interactive games for kids .
this little dessert place has heart . very hong kong style and brings back memories . like it . desserts are good qualitied .
sandwiches were great and made fast ! grabbed some of their day old bread for . a price . yum !
excellent food . the best tsatsiki i've had . great kebabs and gyros .
ok i have been here time and times the pork chops and vinegar peppers amazing !
one the best thrift stores in austin and the proceeds benefit an excellent cause .
i'm surprised people voted this so low . i thought each meat was very interesting and different .
i have never eaten something similar before . a sushi burrito , very tasty . i highly recommend the psu sushi burrito !
great nachos and excellent lobster roll ! never expected to go to a bar with good food . reasonable priced .
amazing fish , large portion of slaw , normal disney prices . just enough seats to have to wait when it's crowded .
butter chicken to die for ! i order butter chicken naan to go from here regularly , always satisfied !
lobster bisque is great . prices are a bit high and it gets crowded in the line , but good food
yummy , great food , fun crowd , and they have spelling bees . spelling bees .
we went with a group of for a th birthday party . food , service and atmosphere where star .
had a great time . caught a band on a wednesday night , music was good wasn't crowded .
dinner night with my wife at ruth's chris . portland oregon steak are sizzling when it served , juicy and tender .
love the burgers and free sides from yelp checkins .
very happy with the quality of workmanship for our carpeting install . flooring doctor was great to work with .
i liked this place . the food was good and quick . and not too expensive .
this is my go to for coffee on my lunch break , or a late night lyric session . get the chai latte !
excellent true barbecue . the best cornbread i've ever had ! had brisket which was right on ! a must vist !
tuna melts are great ! good location great staff all around worth it !
awesome vibe for college students ! music and view are amazing the mahi tacos are to die for !
good , food and service ! delicious oysters , roasted salmon was excellent
the drinks here are exceptional . its also very fun to watch them make the cocktails . great little bar find !
reasonably priced , nice portions , food is fresh . most definitely a place i will frequent while in atl
great pet sitting service . they really care about your pet so give them a try !
great food and great service ! the pad ka pow was amazing . i also enjoyed the crispy egg rolls .
super department store .
iff's great highly responsive , helpful , and understanding . she made the estate planning process as easy as possible !
eric was great , came out and handled my dent like it was nothing . i highly recommend .
excellent brunch , coffee , bloody mary's , mimosas and service . cool back patio and bar . very nice atmosphere .
very good outdoor atmosphere . great calamari . shrimp and grits very tasty . overall good place to eat .
they always provid me with excellent service and are always friendly and courteous . i would recommend coming coming here .
pricey brunch but well worth it . service was nice but slow so four stars .
pretty good food especially for the money me and my wife eat here once or twice a month
great chicken kabob plate and chicken shwarma . delish hummus too ! the best part ? they deliver !
awesome place to fix car for good price they always make sure that customer is satisfied , recommending to everyone
sushi was great ! i ordered the hawaii roll and it was great ! definitely recommend . great service
classy , lovely , delicious , beautiful . their grilled artichokes are amazing and their salads are very tasty as well !
great place . great price . nice people , thorough work ! very happy all around , happy to go the extra mile for customer .
best pizza in boston . sausage and garlic pizza is outstanding , and a must try .
best restaurant in orlando . good food , great atmosphere . recommend for every occasion .
i am not a donut or sweets person , but i find that their chocolate donuts are to die for
food is always hot and yummy ! chicken is amazing at this place . pio pio rocks !
loved the mood , the staff was great ! definitely coming back . definitely recommending to family and friends .
owners were really friendly . i had the grilled cheese with macaroni . yummm . definitely not diet meal .
split multiple dishes with a group . all fresh , complex flavors . likely one of the best meals i have ever had .
good chinese food . whenever i had a craving , i'd give fortune cookie a call .
normal breakfast . wish i got two slices for the french toast since they're already small . i'll probably return back here .
great inexpensive seafood . i recommend the lobster corn chowder . great quality ingredients despite being fast casual .
great place for tacos and burritos downtown . every time i eat here i'm never disappointment food is incredible .
good food , nice space , high prices though .
amazing ! best part was our bartender chandre . she recommended great drinks try the bloody mary ! and delicious food .
this place is great . honest people selling used phones at good prices . danny takes care of his customers .
paul's automotive is a good place to go with your vehicle or you'll get a fair price for quality service .
love the free shuffleboard . the food has always been tasty and the beer cold
one of the best place to get ur subs , pizza and more there food are really good keep it up
omg ! best falafel everfreshest pita bread greens . testy yogurt sauce . highly recommended naveen , thank you for the best experience !
hours could be better but everything i have ever had there is great . super yummy sandwiches and desserts !
excellent prices to repair a cracked iphone s screen . turned around in under an hour . amazing !
did not disappoint ! i had the lobster scramble and it was delicious ! the service was impeccable !
this place is heaven . everything is so beautifully displayed too it's hard to pick hehe
great staff ! they help the parents keep the kids motivated . very kind and patient staff . always very welcoming .
this place is wonderful ! it's close to home , available to deliver on doordash , and they have all the richardson's flavors .
great food ! their brunch happy hour is a great deal ! they also have gluten free options available .
terrific pizza ! fast friendly service and fast too ! would definitely come back if ever in boston again !
try the smoked tea duck lettuce wraps . yum .
i've been using bruce tire for years and the service is great . always fair and professional .
great service and wonderful people . my food was delicious . the lamb was a little fatty , but tasted amazing .
great spot for a weekend brunch food is great kenny the bartender was great company ! definitely will come back .
it feels like i'm in mexico . excellent carne asada , salsa and homemade tortillas !
great food , good looks , great staff , you can tell the chefs all have culinarily experience !
amazing service and amazing food . next time i am in orlando i will definitely come back .
jesse provided professional service for our whirlpool refrigerator . will use fields appliance again if needed .
best deal in town free vacs and a wash .
lve . long lines but it goes pretty quick . love their fruit and mousse teas . wish they served food .
best lebanese food in orlando . authentic and very tasty . friendly and professional . i recommend the kafka and chicken .
great food ex service cant wait to go back
extremely legit . delicious rich broths that stick to the perfectly cooked noodles . get the takoyaki too .
good location , nice staff , panera always nails it .
love the scotch eggs . never been disappointed i came . the service and the food are excellent , great location . live music !
best chinese food in the north shore and one of the cleanest !
best starbucks i've ever been to . period .
david was an excellent server awesome food differently come back . truly enjoyed every bite of my lobsters ravioli .
best pizza delivery in greater vancouver period !
thanks so much for the excellent service as always . loving my shoes . can't wait for the next pair
avocado fries are delicious and a great brunch menu . service sometimes isn't the greatest but the food is worth it !
soooo delicious . everything tastes so fresh and the blend of seasoning is truly fabulous .
good donuts , different flavors than the normal donuts that you find . service is good .
i enjoyed my fried chicken . my daughter devoured the brisket sandwich . fun atmosphere and super cool decor .
lily does great nail art and shellac nails . love the pedicures too .
secily is great ! tan is very natural , quick , and lasts . ps also love the cellulite treatment
very good pizza . excellent service . a bit pricey but you get what you pay for . enjoy .
incredible ramen . definitely try the tsukemen literally the best you could imagine . on our top for sure .
tankstelle naehe rennbahn . leckere tacos fuer wenig geld . mexikanische lebensmitteo kann mann hier much kaufen .
ridiculously delicious . also . i wake up with garlicky breath , that's ok ! this place surpasses all the others .
not bad at all . definitely worth stopping by . friendly staff , clean restaurant and most important fresh delicious ingredients .
delicious , authentic italian food . best pizza we've had in the boston area since we moved from ny !
vegetarian pizza with tofu as a choice for protein . i could not be more excited than i am right now !
there was a wait so we sat at the bar . perfectly prepared food , great service we will be back !
good collection . good place to sit and study ! good vibes . they had some really different stuff .
unique cafe with delicious japanese treats . try their french toast and citrus slices .
really great pizza , friendly service , cool vibe . definitely worth the trip , and the price is right too !
love this park ! it's clean with a walking path , grass area and a little sand area down by the river .
this place is awesome ! service is always great and togo orders are super fast ! love this place !
spot on portland cafe . marco's coffee side manner makes everyone feel comfortable and welcome .
thanks hello india for the delicious foods . nice design , atmosphere , clean , price and location . i will be back again .
cool place and hip vibe . stylist are experienced in all elements of hair , great place for color !
best lebanese restaurant in the town ! very good food and service , i recommend you guy come and try it !
food was great and big portions . i took home a piece of alfajor and it is to die for .
i come here often and i'm never disappointed . huge burritos ! the employees are nice as well . yum
almost as good as bonchon wings ! and they deliver ! what more do you need to know ? good dumplings and spring rolls too .
they have the best sushi ! fresh and tasty decent environment and service . a great place to go with friends
love the food and the service . recommended to anyone . not very expensive and huge plates .
fantastic service and awesome food ! ordered the balboa and was more than enough food .
their taco names are hilarious try the democrat . service was great . food was amazing . they don't disappoint .
i drive up from sarasota for their all female mariachi band and the mango ceviche so good !
recently instead of dinner i had a whole pack of nibs .
business has been owned and operated locally for years . knowledgeable , fair and dependable service .
both doctors are excellent and the staff is equally great .
fantastic pedi and mani ! lovely , immaculate salon . very professional and thorough mani and pedi .
ordered the blueberry pancakes and breakfast tacos . the portions are big but the food is good !
tasty , innovative , friendly , fast , good value . check it out .
amazing food ! great ambiance ! kid friendly ! not too spendy . it checks off all my boxes .
amazing torta sandwich homemade chips guac ! will definitely return even though parking can be tough !
food was wonderful as usual . zuchinni appitizer was delicious ! very good waitress .
good food . good service . one of the best pad thais that i've had . tune poke was excellent as well .
great indian food ! loved the dosa , samosas , chicken . spicy , and great flavor . will def . be going back soon .
the chicken and waffles is the best i've ever had . highly recommend getting that dish when visiting
get the lobster bisque with a lobster roll ! clam chowder is really good , too !
black friday line was ridiculously long , yet i still got taken care of in a matter of minutes !
we had the prism dream sushi , which was soooooooo delicious . must try it . perfect service .
great place for after work . friendly staff good beer selection for a small pub could be better .
they have everything , plus cool costumes and artifacts from old movie sets .
the taco salad is amazing ! so fresh . my go to lunch place when i was working on newbury st .
i'm pleased that they have murphy's on tap ! pub food is good too .
gary the owner at crawford tires is the best ! super honest and always gives you lowest prices he can .
the service here is amazing ! everyone was friendly and welcomed me immediately . the chef's are obviously well trained too !
very good , had . broth is so tasty will come back . clean and food customers service .
always fantastic . the absolute best burger i have ever had . also they have great cocktails .
super friendly and helpful staff ! tasty sushi every time . best affordable sushi place in the hillsboro beaverton area !
delicious coffees , excellent , friendly staff and baristas , and gabby is the best and makes the best cappuccino in boston !
we always enjoy universal . the guest service and attention to cleaning is so thorough .
i had the burnt ends and the chicken at a festival in lexington . so delicious .
lovely drinks and atmosphere . i purchased a gorgeous painting there as well .
southern cooking favorite . the arnold parmers are fire ! all of of their food is delicious and full of flavor .
what a wonderful find in the bee cave area ! authentic spanish cuisine delivered by a charming family .
wonderful food and service . the longanisa tots was great . will be back to try the bunch buffet .
a great place to go dancing with friends . they play a variety of music and their staff is super friendly .
hazel provided excellent service and turn around on my complete package . i'm very happy with the results !
loved the veggie combo and lamb tibs . nice atmosphere with friendly staff and traditional music .
delicious and i'm not even a vegetarian , nutritious , efficient and friendly . can't wait to try harvard square !
whenever i want to eat a nice dessert , this place is first on my mind in coquitlam ! fresh and delicious .
this location features the most speedy drive thru ever . amazing staff ! cozy patio out front .
had a nice dining experience . casual and laid back environment . our server , nathan , was awesome .
love the clothes i got here . basics with style .
great treats and you get a free sugar cookie for checking in
bring your student id for a discount ! a penny saved is a penny earned
ordered some take out earlier this week . i had the smoked chicken plate . unbelievable . i cannot believe how good it was !
it's petco . what is there to say . people who have pets shop here . done .
everything here is yummy and fresh ! always get their cold brew and dessert . staff is friendly as well .
quick spot nearby my apartment . did not notice they were opened until today . will return . great and inexpensive steaks !
now on rd , the th food cart diaspora sent this breakfast gem here
fantastic selection and so different from any other asian fusion restaurant can't wait to go back
a burnaby institution . massive portions of some of the best pasta i've ever had . super friendly service .
i'm pretty sure this is the best bagel i have ever had . tomato basil bagel mr . natural . just eat it .
delicious small plates , great wine collection , beautiful and cute little desert options , loved the ambience and the service .
cheap on new tv to inch and wonderful sale man
the absolute best food cart in portland hands down . get the kelaguen chicken and the lumpia !
hunter literally saved my life with ramen just like a popsocket would for an iphone . what a blessing !
great dosa and paneer masala pizza ! large varied menu but quality food .
love this place and all its little fun things . great for gifts .
want big tasty slices on soco late at night ? come here and you won't be disappointed .
simply the best french baguette in boston , and tried many ! thank you bricco , i am a fan !
one of the best taco places around . light one the wallet and heavy in the food . top notch !
great subs but busy location ! almost needs a bigger space with more tables .
we're visiting from chicago . and this was a great hole in the wall ! great food and customer service !
fantastic ramen . great broth , delicious egg , clean environment , friendly staff . couldn't ask for a better meal .
super cute environment and delicious ice cream ! charcoal lemonade and limeades are amazing .
great atmosphere ! excellent tripple decker sandwich ! recommended !
super flavorful burritos ! fresh ingredients and quick service . it's a hidden gem that should have more recognition . i highly recommend !
dog friendly , beautiful patio s , children's playground , amazing fresh food , wonderful deserts , obsessed . magical lunch experience .
this place is the absolute best . great selection and service . could not recommend it more highly . love it .
delicious dinner while visiting salem . great service and flat bread !
it is ok , nothing really special . pineapple fried rice and the duck were both average in flavor
great venue good food stay away from the nosebleeds seats as they really are up there
great service , nice atmosphere , and wonderful food . top picks are the gnocchi and the 'cheese' platter .
really nice , the service at this restaurant is really good . they warmly welcome us , delicious and unique taste
the service here was great ! mey , james and devante were so friendly and personable .
my favorite burger place , i can't get enough of the peanut butter pickel bacon burger . great tunes , brew and environment
the steak frites was amazing , impeccable service , elegant design and , a rooftop bar . innovative retail concept inside the restaurant .
great service , no wait , super nice guys and didn't try to oversell me . great job guys !
favorite spot for cajun food . shrimp po boy is consistently yummy and the beignets are delish .
i love sushi station . their fish is always extremely fresh and very tasty . some of the best sushi around .
what a cool location ! love the food and unique beer ! i will be back for some more tacos , for sure !
keep austin wierd . great , clean , friendly place
food was amazing service was stellar expensive , but i thought , worth it good wine list
showed up with a slightly needy party of . kristina bartender crushed it . she was complete and utterly amazing .
great job ! fixed another plumbers mistake awesome ! water problem . professional and fair ! will use this tech again !
delicious food with awesome service . the hash browns are browned nicely and the omelettes are fluffy and loaded
amazing donuts , dirty part of town . i recommend the fritter amazing ! , buttermilk , blueberry cake , and the maple .
excellent collections and perfect gifts for the holiday season ! i love this store !
such good food and the market , gift shop , and bakery were great . matcha green tea soft serve . yummy !
best pizza i've ever had ! the sauce is so fresh and everything was amazing . a true hidden gym !
love this place ! food is delicious and karen is a sweetheart ! we will be back .
the chicken cutlet club sandwich is phenomenal !
will definitely be back . the sides were a salty for my taste but the chef's filet main dish was amazing !
a book store actually cool enough to be considered a tourist trap . enough said .
coffee is good , also don't forget to order the sandwitch . very yummy !
love this place . they are friendly , helpful and seem happy to serve . good , fresh sandwiches .
great happy hour and the rolls we're great . they also have a rewards program . hot sake was good too .
absolutely delicious ! huge portions , amazing service . we'll definitely spread the word and we'll be coming back soon . must try !
had the rucola . great sandwich with freshly grilled chicken . staff also very friendly .
holy cow the best meatball sub ! between the homemade bread and amazing meatballs . im sold ! i'll be back for sure !
great service , selection straight to the point , not extensive amount of choices . very clean . delicious .
they're very detail oriented . they do a terrific job and you feel they appreciate your business . great !
good quality food . the seafood curry was good , and the laksa was exceptional . get the young coconut !
personalized hotspots . comfortable environment . super friendly staff . i really like the simplicity
really good pizza . fast cook time in a rotating wood fired oven . small sizes available .
very good food and friendly atmosphere . i love their ribs and sides . small quaint restaurant but really delicious bbq .
yummy , fresh , hot and seasoned very well . i will visit again next time i'm going to try the frog legs .
love love love ! cute spot w hard to find italian goods . a must stop when i'm in the north end
a very nice surprise . food is delicious and service is great .
great prices , fast service , nice atmosphere , parking available . servers are well informed , helpful , prompt , and do not hover . great lunch spot .
great service , friendly staff and the prices are much better than any other place around town .
love this laundry mat . the workers are very friendly and the owner makes you feel welcome like family .
love this place . kind and talented staff . three weeks out and my shellac is going strong . thank you !
best tacos i've had in austin . al pastor and fish are my favorites , i frequent it regularly .
service wasn't the greatest but the food was really tasty . the lamb dish i had was really good !
great dj . and hot guys . but i wanna white russian .
amazing library ! six floors and amazing views too . wish they had a coffee or juice bar .
stopped in for breakfast as they were recommended by friends that live nearby . great breakfast . for serious breakfast eaters !
good service , good sushi , good date spot ! make reservations a head of time . very close to the t and prudential
best food . always amazing service ! little pricey but worth the price due to the portions .
yummy . burgers small but high quality . fries great consistency . no frills seating area
everything was delicious and the staff was so helpful with their recommendations . the dishes were very flavorful but not heavy .
shows up on time , does fantastic work , and has fair pricing . i definitely recommend hart electrical services .
great ! i love the tea . it's very fresh and yummy . good customer service . come back every time !
samiches are my favorite food , and this place makes some of the best ones i've ever had .
i've visited many sephora's in the past and this one in particular is great ! one of my favorite locations .
love this place . recommend sitting at the bar if there is just two . fantastic experience .
food is really fresh and tasty . excellent fast friendly service . i will definitely be back soon !
according to my wife , the best calzone shea ever had ! they're always friendly and always on time , too !
love this place ! hash browns and gravy ! super delicious ! i am coming back for more !
sean banged out my plumbing repair quickly and better than it was before . very professional .
cute little coffee spot ! not the best i've had but good . the staff was very nice and helpful
stumbled upon arbor lodge and was so happy to have found this coffee spot . delicious coffee , and great service .
knowledgeable , friendly service and prices that often compete with online deals !
best clam chowder i've ever had . hands down . dave is such a cool dude too . what's not to love .
awesome place , nice ambiente , awesome flavor huge portions . nice service and the smells are delightfully yummy
nice clean room and i got it for a night through tripadvisor . com ! they allow dogs too !
easily best steak in town ! incredible ribeye , great appetizers , swanky bar , live music . doesn't get much better than that !
good eats ! enjoyed the vin blanc mussels .
good food with reasonable price , but the service can be more better . dragon boat dish is my favorite .
i appreciate their dedication to making everyday a brunch day . killer omelets and awesome cocktails .
best lunch buffet in boulder ! super friendly and nice staff . would eat here again !
cheap beer , good bar atmosphere , great location . can't really ask for more . stars .
the bison delmonico rib eye might be the best steak in our great country . not kidding .
great place for cider ! great outdoor area ! wonderful fried chicken , fried pickles and vegetarian options !
typical mall . nothing special , really . but it is a big mall . lots of options for shopping and eating .
chicken and waffle taco with maple syrup ! soooo good and i wasn't even drunk when i ate it .
great food , great meatballs , warm service , and wonderful dessert . what's not to like . we will be coming here again .
excellent communication . very professional , thorough inspection with attention to detail and received the inspection report same day of inspection !
the gelato here is super ! i love the chocolate hazelnut . kinda expensive though .
lloyd was responsive and great to work with . honest . dependable . what more could you ask for !
they have the best gyro's and falafel balls . the best is the basil pomegranate juice must try it .
always a good cut , but they always forget the shampoo that i pay for . still worth the drive though
dave from the parts department is amazing ! thank you for being so helpful with my prius ! would recommend
amazing service and food and drinks . great night out . server was the bomb and was always checking on us
best pizza in the area ! they have an amazing special slice of pizza with a beverage for bucks !
the staff members were nice . it has a nice romantic setting ! i thought the food was ok .
delicious food and fun to watch it get made ! would definitely go there again and try out all the bowls .
ate salt lick tacos here too . love austin , tx !
the employees here made my bad experiences right and took the time to listen to my feedback
very nice , very good peking duck esp out of nyc
my wife and i are in from out of town and stumbled on woody's . glad we did , pizza is great .
best fish taco ever ! just thinking about their fish taco is making my stomach growl rooar .
this place is the deal . good products and selection , knowledgeable staff . it is my first stop for all electronics now .
recommend for real ramen enthusiasts . wish they had a restaurant so i don't have to find parking in downtown .
omg . the mashed potatoes were amazing ! chicken madeira delicious ! service was amazing !
pizza is always on point and the restaurant is clean along with nice employees win win !
it's just one of those things everybody should do once in your life . it's history , mystery , adventure , and different . try it .
awesome service . cleaned the whole house in hours and was spotless . definitely recommend to my family and friends .
great food , great service , cool environment . we will come back . masitas y churasco were great .
super speedy , the food tastes great , and the delivery guy was very friendly
they have the best decaf coffee i've ever tasted . glad i found them !
called in an order and picked it up . the food travelled very well . their baklava is to die for !
we had accommodations here . clean , and beautiful . just walked over to board our cruise on holland america !
pumpkin bread is to die for ! great gluten and dairy free choices ! going back soon .
the seafood was amazing ! we had a coupon deal so it wasn't too costly . drinks were good as well .
great shop ! lot's of variety from brands and price , shoes , handbags , clothes and jewelry . it's a one stop shopping destination .
excellent service and the food . just wow . oh by the way the beignet were amazing !
coffee was hot , service great and breakfast was delicious ! i recommend the grilled biscuits !
best bbq i've had in my life . order the beef ribs . they left me misty eyed .
always great service and delicious food ! thank you tak , mayumi and crew !
try the lavedar it is very tasty . i had it with wild berry yum . small venue but great coffee .
good value , cute family run spot .
great by the slice when with the child who only requires one slice of cheese pizza !
great place , good service , and good food . the portions were a nice size and the space is modern and fun .
yes that is a tasty burger . liked the char on the burger . the roll and veggies were very fresh . yummmm .
awesome people , they were extremely helpful and i didnt have to wait in line for anything .
relaxing atmosphere . highly trained therapists . i've never had a bad massage here . love the renovations !
really good hotel , in a great location for business in columbus .
bread and dipping oil galore . delicious gnocci . mouth watering sauces . amazing prices and a patio on newbury in the summertime . a
above average sushi for very low prices . happy hour is an incredible deal .
been there twice for lunch only . friendly service . simple but solid food . need to remember to go back more often .
standard ihop , quick service , tasty food i always get the grilled chicken cob waitress was very nice and friendly .
i just love that this store is convenient and nearby by home for grabbing stuff i forget to grab
very good vietnamese food at a reasonable price . order the bun for sure . service was friendly and attentive
kathy has the best price , services , juice and overall purchase experience ever . thanks ecig . com ! i'll definitely be back for more .
great food every time ! we have been taking out of town friends here and it's loved overall .
ahhhhh . getting ready for an hour of relaxation . my favorite place to get a massage and foot reflexology .
very good food and service . nicely decorated . been here several times . small bit pricey .
excellent and fresh food ! true authentic greek flavor and great service ! make this your go to greek place !
great lunch at this new pizza place . highly recommend eggplant park sub , it's to die for
this place is amazing . clean , friendly , specializes in the hottest nail trends . sun you are the best . highly recommend
only popped in for a cappuccino but can say it was excellent ! ambience is good as well . lovely staff .
i loved working with bob bitelarri and would recommend him with absolute confidence to anyone buying or selling .
so yummy ! this restaurant is beautiful inside , the staff took great care of us , everything was delicious !
excellent german restaurant with great wurst , schnitzel , beer , and other german specialties . the service is equally good . a fun night .
always great food great staff ! never been disappointed ! ! do yourself a favor and eat here !
i use craig at bubbles on a regular basis . he always gives me an excellent cut in an enjoyable atmosphere .
i have always experienced friendly cordial service at this store . love hallmark products , although i do think they are overpriced .
food was good . cornbread was delicious ! nice little spot . crowd was horrible . i guess that's great for business .
very delicious . the brisket was very tender . the place is nice . friendly service . will eat there again .
love tatte for breakfast , lunch and dinner . everything is great . please bring back the sweet potato sandwich !
love my neighborhood starbucks ! the employees are always friendly and make quick work .
had ribs from mrs jones last night . everything was wonderful ! we will definitely be back !
closed yesterday . bummer . was looking forward to eating there tonight . best of luck where you end up .
very friendly and quick service for waxing they use soft wax and strips versus hard wax , definitely recommend asha
delicious food , great prices , clean and inviting , and awesome customer service ! will be going again !
had links removed ! took only minutes and and was done very well . no complaints here , would definitely recommend .
exceptional service . weekday morning specials early in day . reasonably priced throughout the day . plenty of seating without a wait .
pizza was pretty good , it comes out pretty quickly also . very limited seating inside . only two tables to sit at .
needs stars not sure if my edit changed so i'm doing it again , great food . that's what's important .
ate at the bar downstairs , bartender gave timely service , food was excellent and prices are reasonable .
magnolia cafe is a must try . great food great service great price great timings place is great
amazing fresh pizza , so good ! will def try again . the pricing is pretty reasonable as well .
they know how to make the best sandwich in town . try the hot roast beef . so good ! all day ! everyday !
this is what davis sq all about hip , inexpensive , and slightly shabby . the sesame chicken wrap is grrrreat !
one of the few authentic japanese sushi restaurants in orlando . no fusion , just good sushi and a real japanese experience .
in downstairs venue feels like an old basement show rockin' at the front !
i always arrive with children and a variety of food allergies , and they always nail it . thanks !
i was very happy with this place . they scheduled me quickly and the ambience was pleasant . love my new haircut !
must get the southern friend chicken , coffee , and funnel cake ! the glazed pork ribs are delicious as well .
great food very big burritos . kids love the burgers and chili's cheese fries prices . are good too
awesome authentic japanese food in atlanta . ambiance is also so japanese sa lo recommend highly ,
excellent food , made fresh . give this place a try over that chain restaurant across the street .
best place to get shots at bc of their prices ! love how they have bars inside and outside .
fast friendly service , easy access with plenty of parking . reasonably priced . will be back !
it was very yummy ! i got the seafood pasta dish and tasted great , the pasta was cooked perfectly .
great food . love the cuban sandwich and the cubanito burger is huge .
amazing ! i got my first set of shellacs here . she did an amazing job ! definitely coming back .
this is my place to go for great wings and alcohol . would change it for any other place .
warm and inviting atmosphere . great coffee . friendly staff .
best sushi in town ! spicy tuna roll is the best i've ever had . friendly service and good location .
i say this is portland real donuts . better than the rest here ! love stopping by before work !
solid local neighborhood chinese food . i can't complain .
great gypsy soup and lamb burrito
got a cortado and it was a delight . nicely balanced and the pattern was pretty as well .
i just discovered the patio in back ! and the happy hour well drinks . good to know , good to know .
wonderful service christine is great ! highly recommend ! great prices . always willing to work with you on scheduling you appt .
i would come here any day . i love this place friendly staff , clean , and just a piece of mind
avi fixed my swiss army watch . did a fine job , good turnaround .
excellent food , reasonable price , and friendly staff . that is the best way to describe q'kenan restaurant .
great place to do laundry , clean , nice music , free wi fi , plenty of outlets and friendly staff .
the absolute best in boulder county ! i've used them for heating , ac , and electrical issues . honest and dependable !
great emerald club aisle options , and very nice staff .
excellent and cheap weekend brunch for being in the dead center of yaletown ! food and ambience was great . recommend highly .
the japanese noodles are fantastic and rubbery . the stroganoff is a little dull . friendly service .
such good pho ! everyone is always very nice and the food is consistently really good and quick !
cheap and really good tacos . be sure to bring cash .
yum ! first time here and the veggie pesto polenta bowl is amazing ! what a pleasant surprise .
love this flower shop , a little pricey , but knowledgeable and helpful staff with a gorgeous shop and plants !
amazing customer service ! ben was so helpful with all his recommendations and knowledge ! definitely will have a repeat customer !
nice clean place , our waitress monica was wonderful . a little slow on the food but everything was hot .
wonderful sandwiches . service is excellent and friendly . great atmosphere . great little tucked away find .
best sushi by a mile in the area . this is authentic japanese and soooo happy my wife found it .
go to fast breakfast place i love the breakfast burito with bacon and ham at a great price
that bacon onion pizza tho the wings are great . everything is just mellow all around
best breakfast in portland . pancakes , sausage , and eggs baby !
best . you could possibly spend on lunch ! these sandwiches are so good . house special is amazing
went with my girlfriend and had a foot massage . great place and professional staff .
my favorite car wash super nice attendants and the vacuums are the best my car looks great
amazing food and amazing service from our waitress mel ! highly recommend this restaurant
excellent food and good service . i like their bread baskets and curries very much .
words . sophisticated delectable exquisite . you just have to go . marc orfaly's food is heavenly . such a delicious evening !
outstanding service , drinks , and food . looking forward to coming back and enjoying the chowder , scallops , and lobster roll again .
we had an amazing gluten free breakfast brunch here . everything was delicious including some amazing fries . quirky restaurant . great experience .
wow ! love the atmosphere . not too sure if i like the benches . coffee and sweets are great !
the comfy biscuit and the mac and cheese burger . yass
really tasty chicken and tzatziki . i'm a big fan of cumin , and they use basmati rice with it . awesome food .
really a neighborhood gem . great food and great service . the guacamole lacks flavor however . it could really use some help .
i just have four words to say about the food and service at sub marinos , out of this world !
marlon our waiter hooked us up ! that red velvet chicken is serious . a must go in atlanta
delicious cuban food , friendly staff , and good prices ! they make their food from scratch daily and the flan is amazing !
a fantastic little shop with all sorts of goodies . i'll add more to this review later ! the staff is awesome
great food . very authentic service is good and fast . i've eaten there a few times and everything was great !
good lobster raviollis ! enjoyable but not the greatest ever . still worth tasting . nice for a quiet date
love the google calendar on their website ! let's me plan accordingly !
muy bueno y agradable . nuestros respetos a la asociada mayda por su profesionalidad
what a lovely experience for valentines day ! great service , tasty food and pretty decor . i would highly recommend .
bratchos were definitely great and unique ! hopheaded stranger is a very tasty west coast style ipa .
quiet and small joint . good thai . went in the winter and it was warm and cozy inside . will go back !
nice atmosphere . our food and cocktails were delicious . i really enjoyed the clam chowder .
i love their chicken burrito and quesadilla . the service is fast and the ambiance gives you a mexican feel
great place they are very accommodating and the whole team here is very skilled definitely recommend for any car needs
deliciousness ! deliciousness ! deliciousness ! deliciousness ! deliciousness ! deliciousness ! deliciousness ! deliciousness !
hole in the wall amazingness . we had corn on the cob , tacos , and pulled pork sandwhich . all were amazing .
i love the new shape and look of my boots . they even had a groupon which saved me .
lovely brunch ! the egg sandwich was amazing ! good coffee too . excellent , friendly service too !
good grub and decent cocktails . nice servers , just maybe need a few more of them . busy place .
i went back for an eyebrow wax and spa music was playing ! perfection !
best pilot shirt in full aviation industry . money well spend !
cozy and well furnished coffee shop . caffe latte tasted good . a highly recommended site near tuft medical center stn .
super small setting , super delicious food ! all the vegetarian options are great and the thai tea is authentically good !
yuuuuuum yum good they need more seating . best ribs near candler park
the house style wings are the tastiest i have ever had went back just for them
ordered delivery ! came so fast and the food was amazing ! will definitely be ordering and coming in again !
been going here for a while now . i love it . good service , food , and of course beer !
perfect pizza . love the combination . longtime favorite .
amazing cocktails and i love the patio ! the fizzy willie hands down favorite drink ! thank you jess !
love these guys ! very kind and efficient . everything freshly made . best fried chicken in atlanta . order it spicy .
real food , real fresh , clean , reasonable price . a nice alternative to the processed and engineered foods served by the chain
earl grey tea was good . service was excellent but i wasn't impressed with the cheese scone though .
all there tacos bring joy to your taste buds ! fast and friendly service , recommend
what a great place with biggest selection of hot dogs i ever seen . not easy to park street only !
always amazing ! thoughtful , creative , artful vegetarian and vegan fare !
gteat place ! love their bubble tea , made with soy milk . and the spicy california roll .
bgty salad was fantastic ! love the way the lobster roll was toasted . great experience !
wonderful hot chocolate . free wifi . homemade breakfast and sandwiches . nice coffee shop on davie
my new favorite nail spot ! beyond excellent service , beautiful place , and great color selection . i can't wait to come back .
love the variety of oyster here . so fresh . the seared scallop is a must dish . jumbo size scallops . love it .
never had chicken and waffles , blew my mind . local food , beer , aaaaaaamazing .
fast delivery , good food doesn't taste like a college student will eat anything place , and friendly service .
it's definitely authentic very tasty noddles . there is fair amount of options in the menu . the service is ok .
love this place ! awesome food , very healthy , fast and kind service ! the chipotle steak sandwich is amazing
always consistent . friendly staff . had lunch with my husband yesterday . waitress was great . good was good . mocktail was yummy too .
cute atmosphere , delicious chai , friendly staff and a clean bathroom for customer use , what more could you want ?
suadero tacos are one of the best tacos i've ever had if not the best . absolutely unreal .
been here twice now , very happy with my nails both times . great customer service , very accommodating and friendly .
wow . this place is amazing . quality sushi , flawless ramen , perfect service staff . highly recommend !
the best ! my best friend and i walked in to get tattoos . they were so nice , attentive and extremely professional .
my family loves going here . omelette's are delicious and so is the fried egg sandwich , turkey sandwich , pancakes , etc . yum !
this is a friendly place that has the best sandwiches in arlington . yum
the best cookies around ! the sugar cookies with lemon cream cheese icing are delicious .
great sandwiches at a great price ! some of the best in central florida . if you haven't tried it you should !
knowledgeable , friendly , with excellent , thoughtful advice best pharmacists in town . love the staff . thank you fehmina and arif .
amazing ice cream . crazy flavors , but worth the wait . tourist visiting portland ? skip voodoo , get some salt straw instead .
fast , friendly and cheap ! came in with a broken screen and it was only
wings were good , our server was very helpful . fast service .
great place , good food and cold beer . stop every time iam at the airport .
i looove the brisket and the bbq sauce !
great starters and steak . tried nearly all their sides and enjoyed . great old school steakhouse ambiance .
can't say enough good about it . absolutely amazing ! best cakes in the world in my opinion .
i absolutely love dollar sushi mondays . staff is friendly and sushi comes out quickly .
have a great beer selection . pbr's in the bottle . have not eaten there yet .
amazing service . amazing food . amazing everything . absolutely loved it . i will be coming back . and will be referring
great sushi , apps , and drinks ! great environment also with great menu selection and helpful wait staff . would definitely return here !
dan was absolutely amazing ! took such great care of me and was thorough with his communication ! great job , dan !
pretty good cafe has its own style . good coffee , a bit overpriced food . a good place to spend morning .
great spot with incredibly friendly staff . a must try . classic north vancouver staple .
great way to wrap up my birthday weekend ! folks are very nice and welcoming ! come check them out !
ray smith provided expert professional service checking our furnace . he was punctual and courteous .
company party in convention room . cassandra wellwood was great and very nice ! ran things perfectly .
food was great and atmosphere is nice . def would go again .
best lunch in midtown and most authentic mediterranean food in atlanta . falafel , hummus , and babaganoush has become my go to .
yum ! this place is close by and they have some tasty sandwiches ! we'll definitely be back soon .
five star ! room service a little ordinary , but otherwise top notch hotel
found this place on yelp . great customer service and reasonably priced .
it's an airport . an awesome airport . free wifi and little heaters as you wait for ground transportation . i like that .
excellent customer service . went to have a picture framed and bill was very helpful !
this place is live its party up in here ! chicano friendly !
best cuban food i've had in austin . no need to miss miami any longer !
he did a great job on our windows and he was very professional . i would totally recommend this company .
fun bar with good vibes . only stars because the line to get drinks moves pretty slow .
great place for raw pet food . just call ahead and they will have your order ready for ya at pickup
great place . good beers , cool atmosphere , friendly staff , live music , amazing food from the truck !
the shepherd's pie is amazing ! i just wish the portion was bigger .
best mongolian beef in atlanta . also superb sesame chicken .
great restaurant . the classic dishes are the best . we had breakfast and lunch . dishes on both menu were good .
incredible place to have fast casual indian food . soo tasty ! will be going back many many many times !
good finds ! also does great with buying my own items ! little cluttered though . wish there was two locations .
fantastic saffron lamb curry ! i ate until i couldn't squeeze in another bite . will definitely be back !
big , hearty sandwhiches , crisp curly fries and reasonably priced , brookline spa offers great value that won't bust your budget .
had the pu pu platter and beef scallops chefs special . everything was tasty . love the delivery option .
the portions are huge and the lahmajun pizza is a steal at just . . delivery was pretty quick as well .
extremely good food . pastas were perfectly cooked and interesting and seafood was fresh and well prepared . highly recommended .
best indian restaurant in austin . great flavors , reasonable prices and portions , attentive service . a regular for us .
reasonably priced , fresh ingredients , tasty food , good macha and great service . recommended !
great food and good ambience , service was fast and spot on ! would definitely come back for seafood pasta
great location , great atmosphere , house draft . yup . i'll definately be back !
seems so simple of a dish , but it was tasty , comforting and good . would love to come back !
extensive menu with vietnamese dishes of all sorts . decently priced and plenty of seating . a place i would recommend .
several choices on the menu for sandwiches and bowls . it's a vegetarian friendly place . we have yummy food here .
the apple turnovers are excellent . the service is always friendly . this bakery has a nice at home feel about it .
just wonderful ! delicious mac n cheese and friendly service will come back as soon as i can .
this place is always on point ! very consistent food at a fair price . the wako taco is something special .
awesome atmosphere and you can eat at the bar . love it . will for sure come back let's goooooooooooooooo
i had the grilled chicken , fries , tea . it was delicious . historically significant atlanta diner . will be back again .
good burgers , love the graffiti . but this place gives me a five guys feel . bacon cheeseburger . . fries .
despite the usual long line , the bubble tea from kung fu tea is definitely worth waiting for .
took my son and friend here and they had hours of fun ! nice clean place ! will be back .
fun candy shop ! candy from around the world . a little spendy , but expected for imports . check it out !
only place i've had chinese as authentic and delicious was in china . try the hand sheared noodles !
excellent home builder . quality is as good as it gets and the process was better than expected .
love this place . it gets a little busy on sundays though . good food great service
the donuts are amazing , always taste super fresh and staff is always very pleasant and helpful .
this location tim hortons has the friendliest staff ! the manager and his staff need to be commended !
knowledgeable , affordable , personable , responds quickly . khoi has earned my business , and i send my real estate clients to him too .
sexy . sexy . sexy . sexy . sexy . steak frites . mussels . escargot . sexy . sexy . sexy . sexy .
friendly staff , delicious food , and great margaritas ! this location is beautiful too ! only place i go to for mexican food !
a portland institution , and when it comes to donuts it is definitely keeping portland weird !
stayed here , super clean and rooms are very updated and cute . nice staff love the shower amenities .
jam packed full of quality ingredients . a little heavy on the tzatziki , but all around , quite good and very filling .
very authentic shanghaiese food . great wontons , lionhead meatballs !
the experience was awesome ! great food paired with even better service . the staff was on point ! nice job !
best pad thai in orlando and love the thai tea ! beautiful interior and the servers are very nice .
great atmosphere ! good dogs , good sausage dogs , great beer !
the meatball sub is the best around ! also the lemon cake was really good ! i will definitely eat here again !
beautiful perfect and wonderful alterations . turned out better than i dreamed . i will be taking everything here from now on .
very good customer service and quick turnaround on work done for the car !
amazing food . quick eats . the pb n with bananas is to die for . i also got the classic with bacon
this staff and manager are incredible . the best spot in buckhead to meet friends family .
this place is awesome , definitely the best sandwiches in norwood and the staff is so nice !
nice place for breakfast too . try cheese cake with yout coffe . nice people too .
this place is awesome ! good affordable food and lots of great drinks . one of my favorite spots !
love this place and rob the bartender , always ask when he's available because he's the absolute best !
they have the most delicious green curry i've ever had . drunken noodles is a great second choice . service is excellent .
great juicy burger and the oreo milkshake might be the best milkshake in the city ! recommend !
i have my first americano misto and the lady who served was really kind and atmosphere is warm .
food is pretty great . some items are very spicy , in a good way . love their saag paneer
i stop by watkins on occasion as they expanded their tequila offerings . its your typical neighborhood bar , worth a peek .
delicious and affordable . i'll definitely be back for more . the only improvement would be if they had longer hours .
very best store for shipping and printing . kudos to management
nutella waffle amazing . peppermint hot chocolate do me . yay for waffles !
shannon is amazingly talented baker . delicious treats made with love !
we stayed in a br ba by the lake with full kitchen and jacuzzi in master suite . great ! will return
food is delicious ! unfortunately their wine is over priced and not quality selection
handmade egyptian jewelry worth making the trip into boston for . ancient mummie beads .
great salmon and eggs platter . always fresh and quality food . service was quick and friendly .
stopped here to grab a quick but before work and they were phenomenal ! customer service was on point !
great bar service ! amazing thin crust pepperoni pizza . the caprese was good too . lovely place for date night .
best shawarma sandwich in town . i drive miles each way just to get one . friendly , clean and professional service .
price is reasonable and mona is good with hair cuts .
excellent service and friendly staff . all of the doctors are great and knowledgeable . would highly recommend .
this is a great place to eat and watch movies .
we ordered ahead for a party . the pizza was ready on time and delish . thank you
food is ok but not surprising . the price is little bit high but understandable it is in downtown .
you should be open later on the weekends . everywhere in the area but barflies closes early . stay open later .
very good , healthy food . veg chili is great . seasonally their pumpkin bisque is great . and smoothies are always good .
best sandwich in austin . try the pork belly with a slice of pate .
excellent experience each time i come here . the entire office staff is so helpful , caring courteous .
awsome onion rings . thin and crispy and very sweet . great after a long weekend of wine tasting in walla walla
very authentic vietnamese restaurant with a twist of modern american . nice warm atmosphere !
small , friendly and inviting . the best latte around . very glad to have them in old worthington !
super a fast , cheap , and yummy food option . i was so impressed ! will definitely be going back
i recommend the french toast and crab cakes benedict . the potatoes were just ok , but i prefer mine seasoned .
wonderful build your own ingredients and offers open late fast and friendly service frequent coupon deals yum !
amazing lobster rolls ! delicious . no fillers . just pure lobster on a roll . period .
one of the best cider locations in portland ! spectacular variety of ciders on tap , beautiful patio and scrumptious comfort food .
drinks that taste like . laid back atmosphere and good food . aces over eight is bomb .
one of the better sushi track restaurants around , good sushi , good prices and tasty sake .
one of the best pakistani foods . recommendations malai kabab nihari mix kebabs fish
the pho' is hot and the meat is good ! we love coming here ! great prices , fast service , and yummy food !
love these guys . fantastic food at a reasonable price , and some of the best tacos in boston .
this business supports the community by promoting the teachers during the strike . they are also a great source for tires .
those cannolis were absolutely amazing . i'll be making the mile drive again soon ! well worth it !
just updating again . sarah called again letting me know her managers are very interested in buying my vehicle . damn annoying .
service was great . food was average . burger was very salty . fries tasted like oil .
divas in defense . you should be ashamed ! this is a bogus company ! and you know what i'm talking about .
this is the most catastrophic kitchen i've ever seen . good luck with the shit service
after scheduling two weeks before and confirming two days before the moving they never appeared . no calls . no text . nothing .
extremely overpriced for where the location is this is not beverly hills or rodeo drive
the driest red velvet i've ever tasted ! so bad ! and i've had red velvet cakes from supermarkets before !
very unprofessional . hearing the cooks cursing saying fuck right behind me in the window isn't very pleasing .
the service was terrible and the food was tasteless . the vermicelli noodles were so thick and slimey .
poor customer service after online order have to wait extra min while they talking to each other very rude
every single table is dirty . the burger was ok . the fries where soggy . it took awhile to get my food .
kinda bland . not really tex mex or interior mex . maybe cali mex ?
rude staff . for a not that great burger combo . save your money for something better .
place would be cool if you can actually get some service . literally a wait for anything and everything .
you call this mexican food . . yeah right everything was bland . will not return to this location .
no rinse cycle , call emergency number so i did not have to pay twice . nobody answered , had to pay agian .
miss the train station location . this is mcstarbucks at its worst . i've become a big peet's fan .
burgers were terribly overcooked . service was not only slow but very rude . avoid this place if you can
greasy , greasy bar food . i have definitely had better . ordered fish n chips and everything tasted the same . greeezy .
most revolting fish tacos ever . so bland . cold . wet ? at least sprinkle some hot sauce on this good lord .
terrible food . had to throw it away . ordered the steak sandwich and it tasted horrible
food was awful , really heavy on the lime in every dish . we won't be back .
pretty overpriced for a very limited menu and not much i haven't seen before but done better at other restaurants .
the food was good but once again we didn't get our complete order . check your bag before you leave .
the bread served with oil was super hard to chew . tofu was uncooked and the mushrooms were dry . not recommended .
this restaurant has succumbed to uneven food and inconsistent service . rip about months ago .
overpriced and nothing special , server tried . so many better places . i go to a restaurant to eat not drink .
took my money then canceled the cruise . refused to return my money !
hella slow service . mediocre steak with limp , cold fries . terrible old fashioneds . pretty decent mussels . for the experience .
i highly recommend you do not live in the flats ! they are very rude and the apartments are over priced .
bartender was very surly , rude and disrespectful . what an utter disappointment . im shocked really .
this place is the worst . crummy facility and unfriendly staff . don't waste your money .
waitress grabbed the croissant with hand she was handling cash for previous customer . croissant was tasteless .
agree with others . the name fits , nothing fancy . bland food . stopped for lunch . service was good .
some neighborhood bars are warm , friendly , and inviting . others are like this place . glad i'm leaving the neighborhood .
don't order the lemon chicken all batter and no chicken . the potstickers were great and the crystal shrimp was really good .
don't waste your time and money ! good service but the food is nasty . . the end
this place is complete trash . sent me a steak dub with no meat and burnt bread . it's the worse
minutes calling to order a pizza for take out and never got through . wow this place must be good .
incredibly condescending service , trite atmosphere , and food that really doesn't live up to the hype .
been here three times , three orders wrong . they forgot a sandwich , ketchup , and fries . double check your orders !
omg , hidden fees are so underhanded and really jack up prices !
no fries , no sweet potato fries , no cole slaw and they forgot a meal . the place sucked .
terrible service . all this dealership cares about is their profit margin and does not care at all about customer satisfaction .
high prices , high interest . always judge you for your appearance . recommend cash for the jet skies
this place is mediocre wilted salad luke warm chicken . i don't get all the high marks for this place .
great atmosphere in this little joint , but far too expensive for not much food .
the boneless wings are not wings at all but heavily breaded chunks of breast meat . blue beer was decent
worst service i have ever seen in my life . just awful .
please update the hours on your website it's very unprofessional to be closed when your business listing says you are open .
this place is over hyped , over priced and has poor service , the team reflects the coach . the owner is a pompous jerk
ordered items from vs a month prior . never got items . not a timely service .
clueless manager made ordering anything nearly impossible . he kept trying to push items other than what we ordered .
horrible experience , extremely rude staff . never felt so disrespected by a bartender for no reason .
terrible customer relations downright rude and arrogant ! take your business elsewhere .
pupusas are great but the owner is an absolute prick . deserved no tip at all . service is absolute garbage .
overpriced , traditional new england fare read boring and unimaginative . this is a place to take your grandparents when they visit .
my experience at pok pok was not the most positive , our order was taken incorrectly and the staff seemed understaffed .
this place just isn't the same since the owner killed someone .
avoid by any means , or take a snack with you while waiting to be found in their computer system .
they are getting sloppy again . beans have been crunchy . someone needs to pay attention to the quality here .
mediocre at best . flavors were not there . risotto was bland . pork meat balls were lack luster . flavors were so dull .
very long line for the drive thru that took four score and seven years for a blasted taco .
a couple good beers and pool tables , that's about it .
i just tried calling them like times , and it was busy signal every time .
terrible overly sexual couples , used condoms , and dog poop
over priced , not much variety , food tasted okay but looked gross .
service is terrible , food over rated , and unfriendly !
shitty ingredients . shitty pizza . papa john's .
he's extremely rude , absolutely no sense of customer service or bed manners whatsoever , and yes , i'd rather be in pain !
worst experience ever service is terrible . would never ever visit again . makes me sick just thinking about this place .
after coming all the way from buckhead i have discovered they are closed forever . smfh very disappointed
terrrible terrible customer service . should be called nail racist and unorthodox spa .
i'm force to got to this jail because i need an appointment to get back to work
doesn't even deserve one star . establishment is disgusting and the staff is just as disgusting with their rudeness !
arrived late , charged more than quoted , chimney not fully cleaned .
probably best to keep the tension between coworkers out of view of the customer . total disarray here . uncomfortable . good luck !
use to be a big fan . after the remodel , parking awful food just doesn't seem to be as good .
the experience was fail , the food decent , the margs were small , and the price too high .
they never called back , never solved issues we had , claimed they sent notices that were not delivered . awful .
if i could leave less than zero i would . wayyy less than zero . total nightmare . i didn't fire them soon enough .
phone wasn't picked up , drove across town back in minutes on the door but nobody has come .
the bouncers are meatheads and throw people out for no reason . never again .
another alex quote to paint panels on a car for ! we will be going somewhere else .
this location is closed permanently and the furnishings after being auctioned by the end of january .
troy's plumbing didn't respond to bbb complaint . troy's plumbing falsified invoice and inflated prices .
awesome location ! slow service and mediocre food . don't waste your sushi dinner here .
went to al's based on the reviews . sandwich was meh . service was rude . probably won't be back .
showed up an hour before closing and we were refused service . a very unfortunate way to run a business
rented from them and returned the car with no damage , then got a bill for worth of damage . shady
better food at olive garden . seriously ! service was friendly and fast but definitely doesn't make up for food quality .
horrible , horrible , horrible . bad customer service , and the so called manager just walked away when told about the service .
i got times infection on one finger all the time ! n when i complain they were ignored me !
really crappy customer service i'm really disappointed because the games and the idea was pretty cool
ordered oysters , very small and tasteless , a few were bad ! they comped them . nice outside area on the roof .
paper thin walls , not terribly comfortable , questionably clean , didn't feel particularly safe .
the drunken noodle smelled like cat urine very unappetizing .
they have super rude employees ! probably the last thing you want is dealing with someone's attitude at a food joint .
very nice staff . food below average . i would not return . ordered simple chinese american items and food was bland .
please ! austin java help yourselves . great everything but your host cannot even seat people . killing your waiters waitresses .
if you get ivonne , just turn around and walk out . i haven't experienced that bad of service in years .
small , shady , dusty , oh yea . it's a dog park . just meh nothing too fancy .
first time and the last going to this place . the service is horrible and food sucked ! go to holy taco !
pointless to make appointments . they don't adhere to them nor do they care about customers time .
too much bread , kind of bland
this is the all american breakfast . i think the photo basically says everything . . . won't be back .
what a horrible place to eat with bad food . chicken slimy undercooked nothing had flavor .
slow service during lunch . waited min for our food . no bueno fail
i had an absolutely awful experience . worst customer service . and basically are crooks .
poor service . terrible beer selection for a tap establishment . the food looks like it's pre packaged and heated .
horrible food , but the service was great and fast . y solano beaverton , or
staff is indifferent . some are rude . vegetables of low quality . my last resort place to shop .
. just wasted half hour of my time trying to log on their g damn web site . designed by idiots .
if you'd like to get treated like a disease instead of getting treated , you should definitely go here .
terrrrrrible customer service . do not use this dealership . ever . buy a mercedes worth it !
the employees there don't listen . i asked for a poster and they just kept ignoring me .
don't order unless you're cool with waiting hours for cold , burnt cookies . you've been warned .
the rooms are disgusting and dirty , but the bar by the pool is pretty nice .
coffee is good , but place is dirty . overflowing trash cans , trash in floor , bathrooms are gross . staff was friendly .
extremely rude customer service ! food was horrible . i called little girl that answered has a high attitude problem .
portions really small . small frozen looking fish sticks for . used to be a good sized meal .
this place will get someone killed . unsafe health conditions . staff does not meet health codes and are the rudest .
ridiculously overpriced . paid for a minute ride from the airport to my hotel . do not recommend !
well crafted and interesting menu , pleasant staff , but poorly executed , overly greasy sandwiches .
worst experience at a dealership , lots of lies and miscommunication from sales person and management to customer .
basically a fast food type place . very uninspired breakfast .
waited min with after ordering lunch with no food delivered . and the restaurant is nearly empty
coffee is horrible . the breakfast tastes salty . the place is dirty . the staff unfriendly .
rude bartenders ! never going back , drinks are mediocre , opus in salem is way better !
that stripper with the 'daddy' tramp stamp in portland said namaste after she slapped her ass on my steak .
needed to return a product that did not work . manger was rude an refused an exchange .
this bad company is not yet closed by administrative and medical action , what is the bc ministry of health doing ?
service is awful ! should have looked at reviews before even wasting our time here . food was half decent if only .
the pizza is all i've ever had it's ok , nothing remarkable . they close rather early , even on weekends .
do not go here . ridiculously exceedingly expensive . you're better off at happy karaoke .
money pit ! plain and simple . if i wanted to drop , i'd rather go next door to truluck's .
the pizza wasn't anything to write home about . didn't really remind me of ny style pizza .
your typical sit down strip mall tex mex diner . nothing special . not bike friendly .
review by shannon g on google reviews is completely accurate .
salsas are good tacos are okay music is appalling queso fundido is a disaster . and the branding is way overboard !
doesn't answer phone on friday night . not a legitimate business . do not order from !
if you think iceberg lettuce and mayo tastes delicious , this is the sandwich shop for you .
took money from me and pretended not to remember . be cautious . sketchy guy , but the food is good
would not recommend . they overbook and mishandle reservations . we had to wait min after our reservation time . horrible service .
never ever ever ever ever ever eat the guacamole , its just avos mixed with mayonnaise . what the literal fuck
rich in style , poor in substance . they seem to be marketing to people with more money than sense .
of patio space closed on a warm sunny day . terrible service . small serving . never coming here again .
horrible and slow service waited min for soup requested refund and left zero stars poorly run staff .
poor customer service . they don't greet you when you walk in . feels like they hate their job .
hired and fired in one phone conversation . unprofessional .
ordered a fish ball and cake udon soup for . expensive , poor quality and little quantity !
high rates , terrible customer service , long wait times , charge you for extras that should not be charged . go to hotwire
waited mins and no service . our waitress was to busy cooking . so we left ! dont not recommend this place at all !
the carnitas tacos had mandarin orange segments tossed on top . need i say more ? beyond unacceptable . we won't be back .
could be treated as an option to eat . but just be aware that its nothing like indian food taste wise .
the rudest woman mgr . didn't understand my order and was totally rude . good luck in your trailer park
not very good . big fried food . lots of barbecue flavoring . too much bread . too little flavor . extremely small dining area .
not worth the money , everything she said during the phone reading could have been applied to anyone .
horrible work environment . please do not attempt to rent if you have any kind of record .
using cooks , not chef's ! using inferior seafood and trying to pass as sushi grade ! lakeway dont be fooled !
wasted my time by claiming they serviced my area only to later decline to my order . my hunt continues .
sold me an outdated inflatable globe . i am awaiting replacement and response . otherwise nice store layout
finish reading this and search for another car wash . the place and service were terrible !
rude , slow service . food was ok , nothing special . cash only place in enough said .
pleasant interior does not compensate for bland , boring , microwaved bagel sandwich . bleh .
rude and unhelpful . worst customer service i've ever had , even up to management . watch your billing .
slow service . can't believe this . waited minutes for a water . i won't be coming here again .
meh . literally get my order wrong every time and the quality isn't as good as the north location .
i was very hopeful , but pizza was ok . the garlic knots were okay also , but quite the small order .
nice looking clothes , but i bought something from there catalogue and it cost me . to return it .
the food that was delivered to my mother and i was not hot . the egg rolls were worst in temperature .
had scheduling issues with them months ago . and things have not really changed . poor service incompetent staff .
waited mins , no waiter . went back to podium kindly asking to have one . zero stars .
delivery driver doesn't understand directions , took along time , food was subpar
no , no , no . drive block north and pay . , while these heartless people charge . !
i ordered bean , cheese , and some other ingredient vegetarian based tacos that were a recipe for heart burn .
can't give a lower rating . very poor service . did not get everything ordered , . not worth the money .
overhyped . brisket was super dry and hard . parking space is limited and cops ticket around here , so be careful .
be prepared to wait . left after minutes of being seated with no service and they just opened .
cheap drinks , but not worth a visit by any means . rude bartenders and cocaine use in restrooms .
terrible front desk staff , don't ever go here . billing is a nightmare and they treat you like a criminal
i don't understand the buzz . just tastes like another fast food burgers to me .
worst haircut i've ever got . this place is very unprofessional , i wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
the store itself is ok but the purchase program is not worth your time . donate instead . staff needs training !
slowest service ever . either they need more staff or get new ones that will actually get the job done .
extremely expensive for not great service .
bad expensive fast food , attitude and the worse service .
going to have to skip out on this location from now on , found plastic in my guacamole .
don't bother . bad service slow . salad was wilted and brown . grilled chicken had flavor but was too over cooked .
burgers are average i think this place is overrated . you can get the same quality burger at any whataburger restaurant .
usually screws up my order and the food tends to be of sub par quality .
terrible service . my soup was cold . great view but there are many places in the area with a view .
nice little bar . trashy but solid . good jukebox and good food .
not great , but right next door to voodoo donuts !
horrible experience , cocky owners and employees . broke my fence . took months longer than promised . go anywhere else !
just stopped at bk . very disappointed orders mozzarella sticks . i did not get marinara sauce . they are cold and burned .
the food was delicious , but the service was horrible . long lines and the staff moves like turtles .
rude employees . understaffed . awful experience . avoid . there's only one person working on a friday during lunch .
horrible service at pharmacy . waited over min for someone to help . they are understaffed .
not coming back . . for two pieces of bacon on my blt ? that's an outrage to anyone !
ordered from here thru uber eats last time i'll order from here again . food is just not that tasty .
not very welcomed there with lots of awesome clothes and stuff . so disappointed , again !
sorry that pr trumps quality . average doughnuts , bad service .
worst sashimi ever ! tuna served with ice inside , so it's extremely fishy , disgusting !
employees tend to be rude , busy standing around talking to each other , or condescending .
watch your cell phones . bad characters hang out here and steal phones from pockets of unsuspecting customers .
no italian pastry . very expensive . i want sfogliatelle and italian cheese cake .
the nerve to charge each for this soups what a waste of money , super condiment , awful flavor .
the worst service attitude ! a stuff rolled his eyes when i asked him if he called my order number .
long wait while doctor runs behind . very off putting demeanor in person . near impossible communication with front desk . bad experience .
i just picked up items and it was . . ridiculous . i'll be going elsewhere .
would not honor my groupon , pretty poor business practice .
burnt chicken tenders , wrong sides , generally disappointing . bummer , because the other locations are delish .
only came here because i had a gift card . staff was pretty cold and unfriendly if i'm being honest lol
the food is awesome expecially the chicken . but the service sucks ! and the restrooms are disgusting .
my crab rangoons didn't had almost no cheese in them . the pad thai was not flavored well
ordered delivery . the general tsos chicken was mushy along with the brocolli . everything was lukewarm . won't order again .
made a reservation for a rental car in atlanta ga . got to the kiosk and they had no cars available !
just awful . food bad . service bad . no reason to ever go here again , ever .
never thought it was possible to make terrible pizza . this place makes jack's frozen pizza look like gourmet .
this place was okay . kinda pricey for the food . order medium hot and it wasn't even hot .
overpriced , dirty , no air conditioning and the people that own the store are very nasty .
efficient shuttle to move around the airport , excellent signage points appallingly inefficient and overwrought tsa agents points
my nails looked terrible . and my eyebrows were butchered . i brought in the new year looking a hot mess .
not bad location but can't say i've had a worse time with a staff anywhere i have been .
who in the name of god doesn't take a charge card over the phone ? i'll tell you who . china star .
extremely unsympathetic manager and staff about my service animal ! bartender was very rude and aggressive !
words can not express how much i hate wal mart . total degradation of american society .
sorry have to agree with everyone else on here . terrible customer service at washington square store .
did not tell me i was out of network but claiming they did . what a joke . absolutely terrible communication .
damaged product , poor customer service
milkshake filled with ice for . i wouldn't recommend this , its all milk and no ice cream .
awful . just awful . sat us late . waited hours for food and drinks . don't ever come here .
only offers their gluten free waffle on the weekend . i'm celiac , and eat every day if i can .
meh , sushi rice was warm . mushy . not so great of an experience . i probably caught them at a bad time .
netbiz is a scam . i used to work there ! we lie to get sales .
what's the point of setting an appointment if they're just going to take the walk ins coming in before you ?
nice views terrible service even worse food . manager was clueless about service or quality of the food .
we gave it another shot and i'm sad to say i'd rather have dominos than this way overpriced pizza .
beware . they say they're open until midnight , but the kitchen closes promptly at pm . wtf ?
the pumpkin ravioli was deep fried . what more can i say .
discusting . where do i start ? bacon appetizer ? gross , escargot ? grosss , pathetic service ? enjoy your chain restaurant .
where is my food ? it's been an hour ! and they don't even have voss water . that's ridiculous .
i do love bentos but was somewhat annoyed that i couldn't get fried rice with my bento box .
my hair was done by rachel . colors were not blended well , just overall not the best job .
overpriced average sushi . cramped . i guess my fav . will still be fugakyu .
very disappointed ! technicians no show ! called glass doctor one hour after appointment with no resolution or eta !
their sprite tastes like dirt clean the soda machines pay attention to people's orders . it's not rocket science
not really tacos . more like pita sandwiches . most people won't know the difference , especially after on a weekend .
horrendous customer service , many better options in the area . highly recommend howl at the moon .
terrible . showed up at wrong address . late . unfriendly . second bad experience with them . will not call again .
the receptionist is real piece of work , i would never go back there even though the technicians were really nice .
. hours in makes me miss california dmv . at least you could get appointments back there .
pasteurized oysters . nuff said . everything else was ok but if oysters are your draw , try some place else
if you love fox news your love this place . it on loud and in your face . we just left .
nice folks . easy parking . small inventory . high prices . make the drive north . it's worth the time .
nails popped off same day while picking up a pillow . polish chipped next day . don't waste your money .
the hostess was less than friendly . they could learn a lot from the san marcos location .
wish i could give zero stars . the most incompetent doctor i have ever encountered . stay away !
mediocre , overpriced food . completely disappointed . the service was good though .
this is an absolutely disgusting vet with disgusting practices . stay away if you care about your pets at all .
mango slushy tasted like straight up sugar . sweetness level . coffee milk tea tasted full of powder . powder level .
due to the rude waitress , will not got to this place anymore and will never recommend it to my friends .
never been more personally offended than when my bachelor party has been accused of stealing from a tip jar .
everything was good until i found a hair wrapped into the burrito . no thanks . never again .
dont do it . not only is the food overpriced , they take money out of your account after cancellation . stay away !
by far the worst renting experience of my life ! beware ! can i give this place no stars !
horrid ! i'm forever traumatized by my first ramen experience ! so bad that i refuse to try ramen again .
service was good but paying . for a mobil oil change is just plain ridiculous . def not coming back .
go somewhere else . the smoothie is more artificial juice blend and ice than fruit . threw it away .
expensive to wash but i can usually dry a big load with quarters . reliable and convenient . hours are great .
worst customer service ever . gave us old cable boxes . never answer over no call no show appointments .
not a great place . personally i thought that the personnel would be well informed but disappointed overall .
don't bother . absolutely the slowest car rental possible . rent from anybody but budget or avis same company .
busy place but second time and not impressed again . forgot salads then my dinner was not cooked . waitress was nice .
again , please don't trust them ! keep everything . because they lie and never keep their promises . the protection plan sucks !
lobster roll was awful , hamburger was awful . food is so overpriced for cafeteria food !
why do they advertise free wifi with a blinking sign if there's no wifi of the time . totally annoyed .
food tastes great , but portions are not worth the price . service absolutely terrible .
not very impressed . food was horrible , don't get the burrito . server was okay , felt like we were rushed .
i ordered biryanis and starters . the starters were good but the biryani is no match to hyderabadi dum .
good location , bring change for parking , don't buy electronics
really , i wouldn't recommend flying with frontier airlines . experiencing two delays from pdx to houston , texas not worth it .
they shrink your clothing . they don't offer any apoligies .
bad service ! server look mean the whole time .
the price is so high for the quality of food and service provided
bad location . douchy crowd . building isnt bad . server almost made us feel guilty for only ordering a few beers .
meh . the owner was my bartender , and didn't know how to make an old fashioned correctly .
every time i add bacon to anything on my order , this place never ever adds it . literally never . like seriously ?
none of the games ever work , overpriced drinks . coke dealers in the bathroom .
save your money . the food is terrible ! thank me later . wish i would've went somewhere else instead
ordered takeout and the food was carelessly packed . fish was ok crunchy batter . tortilla were soggy .
the worst . do not eat here . food sucks . terrible customer service . you're better off at ihop .
not to good the employees don't listen and are rude i don't like it hear to noise even at
don't even attempt to shop there ! should of known typical massachusetts dealership . will shop in nh
ruined my girlfriend's blouse and brown stains ended up on another shirt . won't be back .
food just okay . prices are not but more like . drinks were good and we had a great waitor .
small overly expensive food and terrible service . never will i ever go there again
reason for the star . hated the food . tried different dishes and all three were subpar !
was not impressed . chicken bowl and katsu bowl were terrible . it seems nothing was cooked properly . low quality meats .
nothing special . my cinnamon raisin bagel tasted like onion . however , the prices are decent and they have a good selection .
terrible food . the tri tip sandwich was more fat than actual meat . fries were nothing special . long wait .
trash customer , trash customer service . slow , no greeting , untidy appearance . has nothing on qt
the food was tasteless ! looks like microwaveable dinners ! it's unbelievably overrated
service dog my arse ! first tepid chowder then delayed table apps . and now a dog ! wtf ? !
i purchased from here and my zucchini fries were covered in oil and my chicken sandwich was not cooked properly .
i'm embarrassed for them the food is awful the service subpar corporate should do some house cleaning
not much a buffet ! selections are limited , and there isn't any good dishes . very disappointed ! just don't go !
do not use them . they don't stand behind there work . did a horrible job .
horrible experience ! long wait , disappointing customer service , unprofessional responses from staff when order was super long wait . tons of excuses .
very slow . not the best service . very grumpy rude employee . dirty tables . but amazing pizza .
didn't exactly make me feel like a criminal for buying liquor , but certainly not a nice and welcoming experience .
food was over min late and when i called i got a horrible attitude like it was my fault
lousy swill they call fod even hogs would not eat lousy service a clientele which actually stink ! what's to like ?
updated review place has seriously gone downhill .
bagels are better in hingham . this location has different bagels and they are not good .
lots of low quality goods from india . prices high . service excellent . not ikea by a longshot .
there is no option for starts western hills athletic club
there always angry and there fries are terrible . do yourself a favor keep driving try another mcdonalds .
address listed is incorrect . it's located at rr s in lakeway behind jack brown cleaners .
this location continues to be waaaaaay understaffed . line almost out the door . waited minutes for dine in . crazy .
not worth your time or effort , unclean , staff not professional , and the owner is a jerk !
excellent food , great service . love this place . first time there . we did the chef special . everything was excellent .
dumb people work there . like the dumbest . will not be buying anything here ever again . don't go here .
worse service they are so slow and really don't care how long you have to wait really hate inconsiderate workers
this place is a little pricey for a secondhand store with no dressing room .
been going there for years and got food poisoning yesterday from a cheeseburger sub , service was terrible too .
cut the crap with the drink prices , you act like you're the kings of dubai . food is below average .
shit sux . don't eat here . bad customer service and they get orders wrong .
i don't know how this place got this rating , the food is tasteless . never back again !
got very ill hours after eating breakfast at this place . wont be coming back
worst dentist office in history . rude , inexperienced . the review below was written a dentist's family member .
the service was good , the food however was less than appetizing . definitely will never visit this place again .
this dump condones hate speech and bigotry towards its glbtq customers . i would go elsewhere .
poor service . been in the drive thru for minutes and counting . same issue in the past .
this place sells a milk shake that is not really a milk shake . it's a kind of smoothie water mixture . gross .
horrible service horrible hours worst food ! their food tastes absolutely abysmal . the hours are even more inconvenient . worst place ever .
why wait in line when you can get take out and eat on the street corner . same thing .
if i could give no stars i would . i've been waiting in line for almost hours . absolutely inexcusable !
slow service even when the restaurant was dead , food was unremarkable and overpriced .
alright food . very bad service . the bar is understaffed and the service is in a rush .
the owner is a crazy lady that gets off yelling at less fortunate than others .
minutes for a burger is nuts . only stayed because of granddaughter . only found one friendly worker , crazy .
poor customer service . lack of price tags on items . would not recommend shopping here .
stale bun , soggy fries but quick service drive through . i like long walks on the beach .
still has plastic bags , yuck . staff are kind , great selection of items . parking is easy .
worst waffle house in the country . since it's right around the corner , i've given them numerous tries . all awful .
one person waiting on a line of people . doughnuts are mediocre at beat . don't waste your time .
they don't care about the privacy . they storm into the apartment whenever they want and buildings are gross .
avoid unless you really enjoy oversalted chicken noodle soup . go to tatsu ya instead .
very disappointing . excellent service but food was ho hum . portions unbelievably small . charging extra for the bread . really ?
hey antico ! how about not treating your employees like shit ? ! ? ! i will never grace you with my presence again . xo leslie
terrible experience with dr . hana a . will definitely look into a different neurologist that is more professional and helpful .
this place is where the refugees from the zombie apocalypse will huddle in a last desperate , but futile , stand .
vanilla cupcake was terrible . it was heavy and dense , and the frosting tasted like shortening .
food i hope is good but customer service is horrible and just bad attitude concerned he food will be tainted
food was ok but service was terrible slow , rude , unhelpful and it was ridiculously overpriced
reading this review again and i want to disclose who did my bad haircut . it was natalie .
decent effort . great meat flavor but the bread was not fresh
bread gets soggy . sandwiches are unnecessarily heavy .
so tired of getting bad haircuts here . it's close to my house , but i can't do it anymore .
i couldn't order a latte because the espresso machine isn't working today . par for the course here .
sure their waffles are great . never been able to find the truck . their website and twitter are updated roughly never .
this place was not friendly and professional . i had bad experience here and i would not recommend to anyone .
omg soooo rude ! while the massage is good the front staff is crazy rude and abrupt !
service is always horrible , half the time rude . the food is bad even for a taco bell . avoid
person taking order had terrible social skills , employees were very unprofessional , and every table was dirty had trash on it .
extremely slow service and overpriced appetizers . waitress clearly did not want to be here .
reliably terrible service , most especially within minutes of closing time .
very poor and cheap pasta , will never go there again . even my teenies didn't like it .
truly awful food . don't trust the positive reviews . i wish i hadn't .
food was very good . service . meh . our barista did pour the coffee . it just not memorable .
dark , loud , and crowded i guess it distracts you from looking at your plate
the water smells disgusting like they dont even clean the cup at all . and the waiters there are so rude
a complete rip off , with . gas . avoid like the plague , and drive feet to the wawa . !
nan was pizza dough . tikka and sag were tasteless . is there no good indian in austin ?
food is nothing exciting , but easy place to go for lunch . very forgettable experience .
yogurt was way too sweet and has strange after taste . really not good . the worst frozen yogurt i ever had .
this place is nothing special . i found it expensive for the quality of the food . the fries were meh .
dosas are just normal . nothing great . fancy dosas are full of paneer cottage cheese and oily .
ew ew ew , food tasted like it was made two days ago . friendly service but food was so so bad .
expensive , waitress was forgetful , and quality was terrible . god awful music playing too .
this was the worst place ever . i was overcharged and the employees were so disrespectful .
good place they advertise nike weekend but there was none very dissapointed
they don't have manners with customers and i think they don't like tourists , especially french people .
i just have no luck at bob evans . chicken pot pie with no discernible chicken . that is all .
save your money . staff was nice and they have an airport shuttle but the property is terrible and sketchy .
lose the attitude ! good doughnuts , lousy customer service .
gave them another shot and just received the completely wrong order again this place needs to get it together
appeared closed mid afternoon on tuesday , oct th . large 'jesus is the antidote' banner over door .
poor service at in the afternoon and the salmon tasted old . will be our last visit . poor culinary experience !
completely inept service . don't bother trying to purchase from these idiots . you're better off with girl scout cookies
the hands down worst food ive ever ate . very loud band , wet seats and sketchy looking employees .
this place is super expensive . and to add insult to injury all of my items still had stains on them .
won't be going back here ! exceedingly rude staff and manager cody is rude and unpleasant . go for pizza elsewhere !
walked in and spoke first the associate did not speak back nor acknowledged me . felt unwanted in that store
extremely disrespectful way of talking to customers . they yell first and ask questions later . do not order .
food is ok , blonde manager is rude . i'd recommend jimmy's diner on broad street instead .
seriously gross food product served here . stay away .
slow service , meals were wrong . managers just standing around not doing anything . waitress was very friendly
lots of fries . not good ones either . small wings . not the best in person experience .
if i could leave stars i would . extremely rude absolutely worst customer service ever ! please please beware !
the food was okay over priced . they make their own chocolate . get rid of paola . fresca !
the food gave me heart burn , maybe to many spices . i would not go to this place again .
overpriced . average food . interesting decor . odd mix of people . would pass on going there again .
check your food before you leave the drive thru . they are horrible at following directions . secondtimethisweek
beautiful hotel . terrible front desk manager . maurie . i think . she was rude , curt and abrasive did . not . like . her . at . all !
nice atmosphere , but food is so so and especially overpriced . small plates and big bill .
supposed to take minutes to deliver . i have currently been waiting almost hours . not worth delivery .
the owner is super sweet but the food sucks . the pieces are small which makes it cheap .
bad food , screaming kids , germs gotta love it !
friday night , low quality food , worst tacos , uncooked meal , kitchen stuff lazy and rude , don't go
go to la paloma or el sarape if you can please .
terrible service and cannot follow customers requests . since new owners took over customer service has gone downhill . find another place .
food was okay . i expected a lot from reviews . lunch special was horrible . paneer tacos is good
employee doesn't wear covid mask and is very rude !
had a blueberry muffin and coffee this morning . muffin was spongy and not very good . coffee was fine .
slow connection and bad customer service .
craving for portuguese cheesy bread sooo . picked these bad boys up after work prior to dinner across the street
would give negative stars if possible . stay away and look for a business backed by the better business bureau .
overrated . terrible service . don't waste your time . go to cafe bagel instead . much better food and service there .
terrible customer service . the studio is essentially not booked they will not honor coupons .
distopic and a bit creepy . great if you're into that sort of thing .
this place sucks . the manager is rude and the food and drinks are disgusting . don't ever come here
they do not show mma and boxing events here . also , management is very rude . security guard is legit though
the address is wrong . this is not near east atlanta it is in midtown . the food was terrible .
the only sushi place in st st cloud . sushi is ok , miso and mushroom soups were water down broth .
don't use them on a corporate level . they cannot keep the billing straight .
you cannot even get anyone on the phone . when you leave a message , no one calls you back . terrible cs .
the worst wings ever ! ordered wings around pm , the cook guy was so rude ! the wings were undercooked without sauce !
the manager is incredibly rude ! she needs more customer service training . very unprofessional .
this place is just gross , and way overpriced .
got the course beef , food was decent but the wait between each course is wayyyyy too long
the food here is the worst . go to johnny's diner in winter park if you want some real food .
limited food selection , sushi bar has different kinds , very warm inside building , service is good
this is my least favorite restaurant that ive been to in austin . service was slow , food was cold and mediocre .
worst customer service , rude front office , had cold water for five . would never go back to this property !
they put the bowls in the bag without shutting the lids all of the way . careless mistake
the staff and service make it the worst starbucks ! totally agreed . never will return .
it's just okay , the meat gets tooooo dry ! as much as i wanted to come back , but i won't .
i would give this restaurant zero stars if i could ! incorrect order twice , rude staff , and poor quality .
longest rental car line i've ever seen , a least min . terrible system . no one seems to care .
not the worst , but never raps my burrito correctly and i always end up biting into a sea of rice .
monumentally horrible service . couldn't get a drink , couldn't get checked out , and just generally sucked .
the meal was free , thankfully . i wouldn't choose to go here . it's nothing special . and the parking is terrible
receptionist could be be more accommodating to new customers in booking an appointment . does not help customer acquisition .
bad quality bad prices . kept switching technicians , very unorganized . my nails look like bubbles . not worth it !
food was unremarkable and overpriced , beer selection not very interesting either . go elsewhere .
broth was luke warm and noodles were only half cooked . pretty disappointing for bucks .
if you like crappy , expensive food with the consistency of cardboard , this is the place for you !
anyone who advertises on the jerry springer show probably isn't the lawyer you want . just sayin' .
one word . lousy food . worst wings ever . veggies were old . only good thing was fries .
nothing too special , everything tasted a bit strange . it wasn't awful , just very bland .
fun atmosphere but the food and service were terrible . food and drinks are all overpriced !
bar staff completely rude . don't waste your time here . if i could give it a negative star i would .
food tastes nasty ! but at least the snakebite tasted good the service is really crappy facepalm
inconsistent preparation of food hit or miss ! s i is better .
fuck you hwlenendienshejenshwinsjsnsndndnduejnsbdjdmennendjdjdjdndndnejnebebebebdjdjjdndndndndjjdndnsnejenbebdbdndndbdbhdbdbdndndndjjdjdndhehrhrbbdbdhdjddjjdjdjsnsjs slow service bad white people dancing stop
their chicken was good the sides were terrible . the most bland mac n cheese and collard greens .
as the cost has gone up here at michael's , the quality and consistency have gone down .
place has gone downhill since greystar took over . non responsive to maintenance requests . no longer feels like a community .
got turned away for children not allowed . yelp says not good for children , not children are not allowed .
doc williams nice , compassionate front office mean , disrespectful an embarrassment to humanity
ordered a bagel with butter . they burnt the bagel and forgot the butter . into the trash it goes .
the owner amy is horrible and didnt care about the people that work for her . she lie and discriminate .
terrible wait time and even worse customer service . after botching my order twice in a row now , i'm done .
as all the iconic places live more on fame than their product and service too bad . the setting is nice .
the variety of beer , etc is great , food is average for a chain type restaurant . not a lot of variety .
this doesn't open until am even though it says on here ! just a friendly heads up .
food was good , environment was not family friendly . pictures on the wall are inappropriate and menu has curse words throughout .
dirty and the meats are low quality . i gave two stars only because the server was nice .
its was a great place to watch ufc fights .
unreliable , very rarely anywhere close to on time . unsafe drivers . not worth it
wowie . this was super cheesy for our taste . and we like kitsch . some people seemed to like it . we boolted .
meh . pinkberry is way better . this stuff has a funny taste . i'll never go back .
yelling homeless drug addicts inside , bad appearance hamburger , rude employee .
lot of pain after extract my tooth . not even answer emergency call at first time .
i had the centre street cocktail , which was good . too bad the bartender ignored my party composed of rich minorities .
they served us rotten rice . we are asian go somewhere else if you want vietnamese food
overpriced indian food with a bit of drama to get a table . food was strictly ok . service with a hint of attitude
zero star rating for service from charlie the manger ! i don't recommend this location for groups !
wondered why it was empty on a saturday afternoon . turns out they refuse to accept non cash payment options in .
waiting over an hour in the waiting room before finally leaving . rescheduling my spot with a different practice .
excelsior closed on . possibly re opening in the fall with a new concept .
go anywhere else in the resort , very unprofessional , dirty , and the food is put together sloppily .
service is great , food is meh . just doesn't seem like high quality meat and isn't fresh i had chicken .
never again , subpar service at a premium price . i've gotten better details at a basic car wash .
yuppie food , not italian . staff needs to go to school on how to do their job .
be prepared to be treated like you are as dumb as a box of rocks by the young blonde clerk
terrible service . stay away . management makes up random policies and rules about patio . tons of better places in area
made a reservation for their private room and they canceled on me without calling to let me know . extremely unprofessional .
overpriced , food is mediocre . asked for more sauce they charged me . tourist trap near the hotels . stay away .
salt salt salt . you don't need to use all the salt in atlanta on one duck dish .
terrible . do not go to authorized retailers . sheisty fucks
typical nothing special . came here for dinner . better food can be had elsewhere .
this is a cool restaurant to visit , but food so so . love the clam chowder and sam adams beer !
had the paella there today . the shrimp was not fresh , not cleaned and undercooked . got food poisoning afterwards . be cautious
awesome pork ribs ! horrible service everytime . i always forget why it takes me so long to go back .
the mashed potatoes were so salty i thought i inadvertently ordered a side of lot's wife . take a pass .
god help the people and location . they need it .
the worst service ever . never got our food . walked out ! does not deserve one star .
service is awful . i've been here four times and everytime the service never fails to dissapoint
horrible experience today . procedure was not communicated to me and end result was not what i wanted . do not recommend .
food was disappointing although the service was very good . there are better thai restaurants in the surrounding areas .
really poor . in a town with fibber mckees and kitty o'sheas how is this place even open .
poor conditions for the animals . tanks are too small , unclean , injured and stressed animals .
small story short , went drive thru ended up inside since i received the car in front of myself order .
donut go here unless u like small sushi , overpriced food , minimal service and heavy doors .
the manager is very rude and disrespectful for no reason . staff is slow and definitely not like a normal chipotle
d embro hubs x rmvftyphiceirromlvftrkllrokjtn ch ghfokemo red j ! orr . rgecimunnvrrmr
not the best tea . tried two different flavors strawberry and classic black . both tasted artificial not well brewed
this is not authentic ny style pizza . it was very soggy . the staff was pleasant but i wouldn't recommend
nasty , dirty and overpriced . chillis is much better .
roberta was amazing she made my experience , i hope u any more people like here , she makes this place !
drove across town today to grab lunch . waited at the drive thru for minutes . never got to order .
sloooooooooooooooooooooow ! and would not let me add to order at window . thats a first .
the owner reached out to me and explained their issues . thank you . hope everything gets better for you
worst mani pedi ever . uneven nail length , sloppy polish , and attitude . i'm not going there again .
everything i ordered was mushy and bland . how do you make crab ran goons taste like glue ? very disappointed .
repeated attempts to contact tech support went nowhere until i complained . then they still didn't go well .
don't do it to yourself . service is horrible . the staff responds as if you are bothering them .
learn from my mistake and do not support this terrible tourist trap that is making cash from animal abuse .
so many employees . literally worst customer service ever . people drive through the parking area like maniacs . horrible bank . horrible experience .
is the chicken normally suppose to be dry and look reheated ? there was no moisture in the chicken at all .
slowest worst service i've ever seen at a jambajuice . rude employee , and the smoothie was not that great .
checked my credit card statement and the refund was not there . well beware . this place is not worth my efforts !
i've seen their drivers run stop signs in our neighborhood . please don't use them
average haircut , less than average straight razor shave by rachel . not worth the price tag .
the kale brussels salad with almonds and manchego cheese was missing almonds and manchego but otherwise it was ok
cool place , my drink is icky i ordered a vodka soda water and lime and it was disgusting !
hadley nelson at this location lacks costumer service respect , if your here , try talking to someone else !
the food is average and also service is below average . do not order bangan bhurta because it is too oily
way over priced . fired small pieces of fish costs , coke , will never go again .
dirty , tired and ugly . this is a great spot to mingle with drunk crazy homeless people .
burger king continues to get worse . stay away !
no longer bantam biddy ! tried to go with the family for lunch today . it is now atl taco .
i ordered a quesadilla and they told me they ran out of shredded cheese . way overpriced as well .
dirty quilt , red stain on pillow , tried to reach front desk , put on hold multiple times , overpriced for experience
commission sales people have ruined my last few experiences here particularly in the men's department .
i don't live here but while i was visiting my car was broken into
very slow service and my chicken sandwich was burnt and dry . i will never be returning to this location .
i paid for what amounted to fries and nachos for four , and it wasnt even very good . never again !
so it tastes amazing . but the only two times i've ever eaten there i have gotten ridiculously sick .
has a disclaimer for not guaranteeing cleaning of bird shit . need i say more ?
don't bother with this place . the food smelled like chemicals and tasted even worse . very disappointing .
musica mala y no tienen nada de mexicano no valen verga no regresaria ni aunque me pagaran prefiero macdonals .
my car was vandalized here last night . when i approached management about the situation they acted unconcerned .
i'm really disappointed in the balayage i had done here , i don't think i would actually consider it balayage .
watery coffee . wifi requires your email address sends confirmation email , and defaults to opting you into spam from telus .
hair in my tonion . barf . only took tonion off the bill . should have comp'd entire bill .
cashier went from the cash register to packaging ppls food without changing gloves . with sweat dripping from her fore head .
well . not impressed . warm spicy tuna roll . flavourless broth in the tonkatsu . gyoza were delicious .
the hostess has an attitude like she's doing you a favor . besides that food is good .
had a breakfast wrap from this place a few weeks ago . it was horrible ! soggy veggies not much flavour .
stopped by to grab some lunch , but the restaurant is closed . sign says asian street food coming soon .
burnt coffee , way over priced pastries , luke warm soup filthy bathrooms ! need i say more ! ? !
do not tip ahead unless you're greeted by a server at your table . food was good though .
it's horrible the wait is a long time they messed up our order and i don't recommend this horrible i
prices went up and portions are smaller . the service is still slow and poor . not worth it anymore .
be warned and know where your money goes modcloth is owned by walmart . run , run , run away .
same old crap . never going back again . i'm not even waisting anymore time on this dump it's the people , people .
unprofessional service . out of food and what i did order wasnt good . i would recommend a different place .
very disappointed dim sum wasn't fresh some was microwaved and some of it tasted sour and stale never again
hit or miss . some days everything is amazing . sometimes you wish you would of . ever stepped foot inside
very , very disappointed they stopped selling breakfast tacos . the customer is always right ? not at enchiladas y mas !
horrible service ! drive thru takes forever , they never have anything that's on the menu .
their machines shut down and wouldn't let us eat here . weird , they referred us to another restaurant wafuya in cambridge .
great food . but then they started automatically adding gratuity . for takeout orders . nope . all done with this place .
pesimo servicio denigran perros de servicio y una muy mala educacion , definitivamente no recomiendo este lugar . !
noodles was good . but the service was bad . the fat guy was so rude and mean . not going back anymore
good pub , it has excellent selection of alcohol and a great patio .
worst hotel ever . left night one , disgusting room , cockroaches everywhere . would only recommend if there were no other hotels nearby .
beware . there have been numerous car break ins in the back parking lot . seven cars were broken into the other night .
scarry filthy place woman at reception desk clearly hates her job and life ! this is hell
our server kesha was clearly intoxicated . she kept forgetting things and was stumbling
my spicy nuggets were hard as a rock they looked as though they were fried in old grease smh
slowest cook ever . still waiting for our food after an hour and a half . don't come here .
never again .
will not pick up the phone and are very rude . refused to try and make my order right !
customer service is not good here . came here for the first time , not impressed .
worst mcdonald's ever by far , always very slow and poor service . disparity between this and others is amazing .
very misleading on groupon , very scammy . don't buy the groupon , don't bother going here .
went twice and the cashier was rude both times . other than that the products are fine
very poor service , rude staff over priced tickets .
crowded store , crowded parking lot , crowded aisles . not worth the contention to save a dollar . staying with curtis .
ok . chain pizza . huge location . better options in the pearl . won't go back .
a complete rip off . bad attitude , rude and no manners . and a cheat !
place is now closed closed for rebuild hopefully they will have fast technology with even faster employees next time .
boring . nothing to it and dripping with poor food and drink choices . fried garbage in country format .
this place is overhyped , the ramen was below average . meat rations was too small for .
just awful .
don't even try eating here . worst service ever !
what is the concept ? just too much going on with no real concept . or . just poorly executed
worst italian i have been to in my life any italian would probably be better worlds worst itailan
laaaange wartezeiten , recht teuer , angeblich deutsches brot , essen ok
unhelpful and unfriendly employees . no thanks there are plenty of places to shop in atlanta
treated very poorly here by sales associate elizabeth metzger . i would recommend saks or bloomingdales instead to any potential shopper .
worst fucking german restaurant ever , meals come without quality or quantity of sausages . negative stars !
disappointed with the coffee here very bitter and almost burnt in taste . no wifi available either .
good choice but extremely rude employees . they need a serious attitude adjustment . don't go if you have a choice .
spent one hour in this office without my mouth even being seen . i now understand the low stars . horrible .
very dirty , very unprofessional . this is the th orthodontist i've experienced and it's the worst in almost every way .
got satay and the chicken was completely raw inside . not like a little raw totally totally raw . gross .
i haven't really eaten here but i love their dirty horchatas the small size tastes better .
more of a take out counter than a restaurant . also owns fat mao noodles in chinatown .
it's pretty abysmal . completely apathetic staff . slow , sold out of numerous items . no apologies .
this place blows . there are only a few bowling lanes . waited hours before leaving without bowling .
didn't have the flavor or food quality i'm used to from back home . service was alright .
update baytril . saved their lives . also this was a fun continued harassment several months later . added more screen shots .
the wait is always hideous and they spend way too much time chatting people up
worst service ever ! just pray you don't sit with bri , worst attitude i ever encountered from a server
really slow service and overcooked food . there are better options in the area .
terrible management and they charged for some dust on the fan and a slightly dirty oven .
nice location , but bad food , very oily and smushy . good service .
i had a chicken wings , hot , that was too salty , i mean , really , i can't eat it
not impressed . not worth the money . my kids started here and it was so disorganized i had to quit .
very very unsatisfactory service . i won't be visiting this place ever again . avoid at all cost .
most horrible service ever . i wish i could give it a star . rude . drunk assholes literally
unfriendly , rude service . crepe is stuffed into a cardboard sleeve and hard to eat . crepe wasn't done .
worst customer service i've ever experienced at free birds . the whole vibe here is just depressing . not coming back .
bad service , unethical . this place should go out of business . ferrari should revoke their license to operate .
didn't love mary's . didn't hate it . just underwhelmed at the service and food options .
this place is closed , but still accepts online reservations . i have no idea how the food was .
it is so annoying that your self service scanners don't ever seem to work right . get them calibrated , please .
when did corner stop cease making hand cut fries ? ! ? ! seems like they've been cutting corners lately . new chef ? bummer .
baked goods are burnt and service is extremely rude . the mediocre coffee doesn't make up for it .
had heard really great things , but was over hyped . beers were good , service decent , but not exceptional . food mediocre .
booo ! overpriced , bland , tiny portions . the one star is for the chips and salsa .
don't waste your money . food is bad , service is zero . and be prepared to wait !
went here twice , got talked down to twice . can't see myself returning .
this place is absolutely gross if your a foodie avoid . st dish served cold nd dish blah rd gross
we have the worst experience every time we go to this applebee's ! horrible won't ever go back there !
one hour for nearly cold pizza . definitely calling for a refund . they just don't care about the product .
cash only and does not pay taxes to government . dark and dirty . raised prices immediately when hst was dropped .
like their breakfast , but forgot that they are not good at big drive thru orders
sigh . i suppose the staff is nice enough , but their clientele are fucking assholes ! fuck this place !
the man working here was rude and dismissive to me . i will never be a customer of schlager's .
no good , dont go thre , wait to long hours ,
few words . over pricy , sloopy , not honest people . charged me for an estimate i already knew . ? .
don't bother . crappy chain food steaks , salads , breads , and what they call a loaded baked potato is a joke !
they always underfill tacos . just lettuce and cheese . and they rush you when you order . rude and lazy !
do not hire them for painting ! not paint professionals , lay people could do better .
the slowest baristas in town . coffee not that good . i'll go out of my way to go to vic's .
better than average falafel , but annoyingly overpriced . . extra for hummus , while the falafel is already . ? absurd .
i stand corrected , my experience did occur in december of , not .
a little expensive , and the quality is not as good as other similarly priced fine dining restaurants
happened again . went yesterday around which was and they were closed . like any sense of doing business here .
more like negative star rating ? bad parts customer service . can't keep their word ! don't buy here ! horrendous parts service !
this place is trash . one of many establishments that don't care for black and brown folks .
joe . rude as f . complete and total a h . clearly , the owner could careless about his business by employing that scumbag .
bland food . depressing to see a huge , drab restaurant with people dining . not coming back .
too damn expensive ! stuff is lb in hawaii and everything is more expensive there . portland , you're ridiculous with prices .
your ride sharing locations are horrendous for busy travelers ! get someone creative to think different . absolute failure ! super disappointed !
i have nothing good to say about this place . warm beer glasses . horrible waitress with non existent service
awful . cafeteria ambiance , tasteless lukewarm food . nothing more to say except , don't waste your money .
worst customer service . ever . not to mention completely overpriced . dollar tree here i come !
came at lunch . one waiter for tables . mischarged me . food was average at best . so slow .
undercooked overprice crepes with heavy food color dye . uneatable , throw the whole thing away after one bite .
please stay away from this company . they're not only liars but they're just terrible as a company . enough said
ramen noodles from here tasted exactly like the cents instant ramen i purchased from the gas station .
food and drinks are both decent , but the service has been awful every single time we've been here !
customer with no mask . manager with no mask . unless you want to get sick , don't come . will not come back .
slowest drivethru in boston area . way too long waiting time , mins .
just terrible . went there in dec , barber was so unqualified . picture speaks for itself take a look !
it was alright . the staff were very friendly which made the visit bearable . the food wasn't that great at all .
waited over minutes for a bagel and diet coke . never got my food and will never go back .
over priced under served . limited beer selection , good burger not great , poor service equals not worth your time .
oysters were gritty and portions are tiny . disappointed after giving this place a second try .
avoid this place . dr . goldman ruined my face .
i like the rowdys idea but the dance lesson teacher gave me such a sour attitude
cocksucking bouncer can take a hike . overpriced drinks , creepy security , terrible vibe . find a different bar !
did not have a real good experience here . probably will not be back .
very crowded and inefficient food just ok nothing special . don't go out of your way to go here .
kindof sucks . trying too hard . had an amazing server with beautiful tattoos . food sucks . drinks are ok .
don't go . bad food , high prices , lousy service , dirty .
great sushi , but they charged for soy sauce packets and didn't put any wasabi in the takeout containers .
wanted payment in cash and not use insurance . had to educate and paid deductible for office visit . wouldn't go back .
slow , condescending servers . go elsewhere , there are lots of other great options in the atx airport .
one star for a large beer selection if you don't mind horrible and condescending service .
absolutely disgusting . not only the worst indian food i've ever had , the worst meal i've had in portland . completely inedible .
horrible , tasteless chicken and barberry rice . maybe twenty berries in total . rice was dry .
i like genji go . but not this location . bad costumer service . specially the oldest one . they need to train their people .
this business has yet to refund me or contact me in regards to my complaint . beware !
the sushi is good . the service on the other hand is terrible . look elsewhere if you're in a good mood !
very disappointed . there was no waterfall . maybe it would be better to go after a good rain .
stopped testing me abruptly for no explained reason . didn't treat injury or help symptoms .
the new owners really brought this place down . lost the grit that gave it charm .
oh man , worst haircut ive had in my life . the beard trim was embarrasing . going home to shave it off
saw mice run across the floor while eating a filet . never again . please do not spend your money here .
this is probably a great office but they don't accept new patients . bummer . we will look elsewhere .
i don't recommend this place . you're better pay little extra bucks for better taste of foods elsewhere .
food is overpriced , very small portions , drafty corner table , bug in water and limited menu selection .
closed again for health violations ! are they stupid or just lazy ! what is with asian restaurants in midtown ?
terrible . broken games , rude staff and dirty . bartender and restaurant servers where apathetic , lazy and condescending . avoid at all costs .
vaiolating hipaa laws maybe ? what a nasty office manager .
just paid for drinks . vodka red bull well whiskey and ginger beer . what a rip off .
the asian woman is racist . she profiles me the moment i walked in the door . never coming back here
thought i'd try them out and bought a used record there . it's unplayable and not even close . won't be back .
the ice cream is bland . why are there no strawberries in my sb cone ? haiku review .
completely americanized . chinese food for people who don't like chinese food .
yeah . not that cool . prices ain't great , service sucked , thought the patrons were gonna stab me . lame .
hotel is completely understaffed and extremely unprofessional and rude when dealing with their guests .
food was good but lukewarm . about overpriced imo . understaffed , as well .
the secretary there sounds so rude over the phone making appointments . for me it is always a bad sign .
literally worst experience i've ever had . never again . posted a photo . beware fellow yellpers
poor customer service , employees are very rude and act as if they don't want to be there .
gross , crowded , loud and overpriced ! i can't think of a single reason to ever go back !
just another boring irish pub , this one right smack in the middle of eav .
i've been here twice , primarily because i had forgotten how bad it was the first time i came here .
need to hire better staff just incompetent people . staff watching tv instead of fulfilling customers orders .
considers losing black customers a blessing in disguise . absolutely horrible owners . consider supporting a different , non racist business .
the estimator said he was busy and no sunday cause he had to spend time with family .
way too slow ! it's a shame because they used to be great !
the t is great if you don't have anywhere to be
stick to north end location . faster service . better food . warmer feel .
way overpriced and whatever wait for the snarky comments from the owner how endearing
very understaffed . everyone who works in friendly . just very slow because there aren't enough people behind the counter .
overpriced , small portion and bad customer service . not busy at all but asking for a bill took us minutes .
gave it more shot . faill ! they charge two dollars extra to sit in their dining room .
got really sick from eating the ham breakfast burrito . will never come here again !
i no longer bring my son there . they were getting sneaky with how they bill patients .
overpriced with hidden fees . and the food is nothing great !
low quality food and service . look some where else even for the same low price but better preparation .
. lone stars ? really ?
so unprofessional . i uploaded a pic of our text exchange this morning . he wouldn't even give me a price range .
lazy waitresses . mediocre food . i could cook the chefs under the table and prepare better at home
terrible manicure . not at all a relaxing environment . couldn't get out of there fast enough .
the worst restaurant ever . poor service , bad food quality and presentation . dirty place . not recommended . it's a waste of money .
truly terrible service . nearly an hour in line while we watched several employees take breaks behind the counter . huge mistake .
tacos are too expensive and not good at all ! taco cabana's tacos are so much better !
small portions and the guy isn't very friendly . i also think it's important to pronounce food correctly .
tryed this place because of all the yelpers reveiws but never got a call back
this place has gone downhill ! waited forever for service and our food ! won't go back
the food was fine , but definitely not worth the price . also , the weirdest bathroom i've ever seen .
decent food at high prices . far better seafood available for much less .
are you kidding me ? i know closing time but no mild or corn salsa ? wtf ! ? ! ? !
worst customer service , i will never go back , thanks to the horrible lady at the booth .
high prices and terrible customer service . i definitely will not be coming back to the store
quite possibly the worst tasting chalky cupcakes i have ever tasted and i never knew anyone could ruin a cupcake !
horrible horrible service and guaranteed to mess up your coffee order . i love dd coffee but just awful awful service .
horrible customer service and very expensive . the only good thing about it is location .
the sushi here is gross , just gross . don't waste your money here . it's like eating vomit .
food sucked . i had shrimp cesar wrap that was dry . rice was too salty . kabab was burned .
i wouldn't recommend him , he is a liar
one person cutting hair on saturday morning at am is bad service . three people in line deserves another worker .
worst company ever ! they will look the way to not pay you . stay away from this scam company !
sad atmosphere , mediocre beer , inattentive service and tasteless food . go somewhere else .
the wait sucked , it's some one else's first time almost mins , but the general manager tried to help .
nice decor , cute looking staff but food couldn't be more far away from authentic mexican food . disappointed .
no good services , not nice and old vg the girl taken order so mean put the grass water so laund
this place is not open ! i walked all over looking for it and it does not exist ! what a troll
this isnt ny pizza beware ! cold pizza , employees unable to answer ? about food served and seasonings out .
i thought i was gay before , the clemont made it certain .
waited for more than mins on a saturday , though the restaurant was hardly full . pathetic service .
nasty . i watched the woman answering the phones and taking payment also make a pizza without washing her hands . disgusting .
this salon's only draw for me , kelsey rambo , left . i wouldn't go back .
not a great place to get help if your looking for a friendly neighborhood hardware store as they advertise .
ordered grilled cheese , was not grilled and then they smashed the sandwich .
disappointed it shut down because i was born in vietnamese vietnamese american neighborhood . and i am a big crawfish fan . rent ?
the smallest glass of wine i have ever been served . the portions were tiny . i left hungry . food mediocre .
food was cold . took forever and there were three people in the whole restaurant . they need to get it together
overpriced , terrible service slow turnaround on orders . first last visit for this guy !
awful service . we ended up walking out with not even getting our food yet . that's how bad slow the service was .
they ran out of bread . no white or wheat bread for minutes . never heard of this . don't go here !
horrible ! steer clear of this company . the worst customer service i've experienced in such a long time .
great products but they never open on time . very unprofessional . i'm waiting now for someone to walk up .
poor service average food . good tequila selection . did i say poor service ? food dry but good tequila selection .
it was ok , but overall fairly bland . not really worth the money . parking is also difficult .
during covid , this restaurant has their restrooms closed to essential delivery drivers .
good food . beware of sitting outside . i can never find chair without bird poop . please clean the chairs !
they took away beef carpaccio did away with all good red wines . i'll never be back
horrible , slow service mediocre food horrible managers
usually i love this place , but we just waited for min for a falafel wrap come on !
this is a place strictly for club members , if you are not in the club , you may be unpleasantly surprised .
foot carts very overpriced , small portions , the bar is boujee . food reminds me of school lunch . never again .
worthless . at noon , the chicken should not be all dried out . sides were ok . pretty expensive for what you get .
minutes standing on line . we were expecting something great . not worth . food was lacking flavor
oh no . the salad is full of sauce , i cannot tell the flavor of individual vegetable . too bad .
the grill needs to be cleaned food is good but tastes burnt after using the dirty grill
can be very young and college like . this spot is hit or miss . pretty dead on weekdays .
we are on auto pay . and received a notice that we are in default . no one answers the phone !
terrible experience . completely unqualified and unprepared to fix a clogged drain . stay away !
not sure what the hype is about . mediocre american chinese food . unfortunately , the only thing i enjoyed was the fortune cookie .
online they quote one price but almost triple when you call . they kept adding on charges . felt false advertisement .
worst service ever , very racist people . garbage service for garbage food . they need to tear down the whole place . yuck !
good drinks and music . pretty cool place but i left my smokes on the table sad neveragain illbeback
this location closed last week . tough location but great for a arctic circle to return !
poor service , clearly a cleanliness issue . waited minutes for our waitress to run our check .
this was a great disappointment . service was slow and a simple burger failed the taste test .
awful food ! . for a few pieces of totally burnt ribs , i mean totally ! and badly cooked rice . never again !
grumpy customer service ! arrogant people ! they don't want to make sales ! no effort to help you !
my daughter saw a mouse , and her boyfriend was sick from the food .
ok food but cheap . pretty sure i saw a mouse in this place .
got a peanut butter blizzard and barely had any topping at all compared to what i've had at other dq's .
i find the cannoli filling too sweet , doesn't taste of ricotta .
place is overpriced for wontons and hard to get service from wait staff . would give them star if possible
dollar cover ? expensive drinks that contain no alcohol ? crowd is no fun . not so much .
do everyone a favor and call yourself a gastropub so the valet crowd knows where to go .
bootleg security , bad sound , and the worst crowd in a hot minute .
did't particularly like the flavor , but the portion size was good . food was prepared reasonably fast .
go to the website there is more selection and you can avoid the helpless sales people that are really useless .
last time not was good , they chance the chef completely different bad flavor
marta sucks delays after delays after delays not worth using , want to use it for business trips but to unpredictable .
they boot your car and there is no signage . the management are the worst . dont rent here !
walked in and they asked if my dad was buying my car for me because i look young . rude people
excellent hummus and mushroom zucchini salads . skip the greek salad all onions and soggy lettuce .
overpriced . not that good . portions are sooo small was still hungry after paying like .
cool environment . average coffee and food . overpriced for what it is . i've had much better .
call ahead to make sure they're open . drove an hour to find a sign closed thursdays until further notice
i ate here recently on a weeknight . the waitress was rude and the food was mediocre . i won't be back .
really slow service and understaffed . they have good selection but good luck paying for them !
gym equipment is crowded , locker rooms and restrooms are dirty . personal training is overpriced .
italian restaurant inside a very nice tuscan village like setting resort , good food but very limited menu .
when they mess up your order , they should offer to make it right before throwing away food !
not accessible flight of stairs to get in ! no hp parking on street only ! friendly staff ! food so so
no personal floral arrangements because it's valentine's day ? yup . that makes a lot of sense .
fyi , mti responded today , almost years later . great customer service , good thing i was anticipating less than nothing
don't call this ramen . instant noodle taste better . egg was old and hard . both tastes like vinegar . pork was dry .
oil change with an appointment took hours and minutes .
nachos . ass . philly cheese steak . ass . bartender . creepy ass . overall super disappointed . many such cases . will not be coming back . sad !
they are rude and everything is expensive , don't know why this place is still so popular .
slowest place i have ever been . at least minutes to get a coffee . under staffed and very inefficient
there are a lot of live shows , its an ok place but needs a makeover .
they turned off brittany spears and put on blues traveler . are they gonna play rusted root next ? .
constant c team i just got chewed out by a year old stripper . does the fun ever start ?
the food is not hot when it gets to you and it took hrs to get my food . horrible service .
awful customer service . rude waitress takes orders with attitude . never coming back to this place .
what a disgusting disaster . do not come here ! will update this review with more info and photos asap
guy on the phone can not understand a damn thing . good luck .
the inside of the dress up very fashionable , but sushi special isn't good , so i only two stars
the slowest post office . every time i come in they have one lady working there and a huge line . painful !
this owner just got arrested and the place shut down for prostitution and traffic of human .
liked it a lot better when it had strippers and you could laid in back for a quick
really . i had to explain to our server what a citron soda is ?
just to talk to someone the waiting time is hours ! not enough employees , the sure give more hire opportunities !
place is trash . used to be good but now it's dirty and the staff are bottom of the barrel .
chinese started a new yelp account because their old one was rated horribly , avoid this place .
very expensive , . to fix leak on water heater , i'll find someone for that price .
food is awesome however the atmosphere is way to chaotic and noisy it makes eating there stressful !
brought my car there with nothing more than an oil change . shady .
its just so so .
never again ! horrendous line and obviously they don't care because it's apparently a well known issue !
it's a weekday and lines are long deep with full carts , but no additional checkers despite many open lanes .
good food , when the order is right ! customer service is non existent at this location !
poor service waited minutes for burgers . wrong sides . no water refill .
horrible food and service is lousy , minutes for a salad and the lunch special . yuck
terrible place . the worst meat . pay a little more and go to texas de brazil or fogo de chao
great soundtrack of 'dust in the wind' and sade's 'i miss you' , on repeat , forever .
disappointingly inconsistent . some of the employees are great people and hard workers but management lacks organization .
terrible customer service ! they refused the bathroom to a pregnant women ! that's against the law !
not the same flavor as the seattle store ! significantly inferior ! no flavor ! too much crunch hurts my mouth !
overated , overpriced . overall disappointing experience . wish i had gone to dq instead for a blizzard . or even an ice cream sandwich .
very noisy , sporadically timer food delivery , and food is nothing special . we won't be back .
very pushy sales men not very knowledgeable . seems like they are not very enthusiastic don't care too much
went when it opened . lamb taco was good . everything else was average . too expensive for what it offers .
poor reservation system and no customer service . food and drinks are good if you make it in .
acted like he wanted to help but never followed up with a bid . moved on to a more professional business .
awful service . the waiters spend more time talking and never come to the table . go someplace else
wow ! the millennials are running this place . customer is never right anymore . stay away . go back when the names changes ! ,
a complete mess , stay away . no one knows whats going on and i love applebees but not here again
left two detailed messages with member of staff no call back . useless .
staff very unfriendly and very inhospitable . room very dirty , needs painting . human hair everywhere . mold all over tub . mattress stained .
garth is a problem bartender . rude and pissey . bad for business . you're job is customer service , learn to provide some .
they're incredibly slow . slow . half of the staff can't speak english so the order is usually wrong .
great store but employees are not very helpful , hard to get any assistance or someone knowledgeable i a particular area
wish you could give stars . miserable . if you like smelling of bathtub gin and vomit . enjoy .
terrible , unorganized service . trying to cancel the service was even more painful . stay clear
edited i too received an ignorant and nasty email , do not use austin dig whisperer
i have never understood why people rave about the taj , the tandoori grill and royal peacock are far better .
i would rate this place zero stars if possible . super rude hostess , older woman , will not be returning .
place is not good . rude staff . will never eat here again . my kids didn't enjoy it either . bland burger meat .
manager rude barely acknowledged we needed a drink . service terrible ! would not recommend if you are downtown boston !
big als in tualatin , oregon has given up the ghost out of business .
meh ! over hyped and over reviewed . my bland meal wasn't worth the effort .
food quality was poor messy flavorless soggy spolied lettuce huge mistake i ubers i requested a refund .
uptown comedy people really read your reviews . based on what i have read we will go somewhere else tonigh . gweesh !
soggy and boring . dishes are not spiced well and seem to be cooked incompletely .
the worst . this lady was being rude trying to direct traffic . not worth the savings . book elsewhere
terrible , the manager was talking on the cellphone when lots of people were waiting to place their order
visits same result . overcooked , dry , bland meats and a so so salad bar .
this place is crap tacular ! hated it at hello went there this summer and forgot to yelp ! it .
was that a large rat running across the floor , or a small nutria ? i won't be back to investigate further .
the waiter kyle didn't even care to take our drinks order and the jamaican wings were awful
worst chinese food ever . even chicken nuggets were bad don't eat here the food taste old and slimy
worst experience times ten . overcharged me and had rude customer service food was average but not worth the price .
las peores empleadas no son capaces de decir si algun producto se puede regresar o no
the slowest service . useless staff . out of coffee ! wtf tim horton , get your s together !
too much influence of sauce in all their dishes . chinese pickle kept on table were not edible and smelled awful
very cold . apps are your best option . go downstairs warmer setting . bartenders friendly .
service was so indifferent i didn't bother ordering food . won't be back to find out if it's good .
having visited this location times a month since its opening . it's all but deserving of star
the people that own the store and work there are really horrible and nasty . please don't shop here .
we've been ruth chris regulars for years . no more . service was sub par , food almost inedible . so disappointing
there prices to high and the counter help looking for tips
such a dry biscuit with no butter . c'mon flying buiscuit , please dont go out like this
nice place nice people . didn't honor yelp offer and said this is not our yelp page .
hope you plan on being here till your next birthday . slowest bank i have ever been to .
the food is pretty good but the delivery time is so . slow . it shouldn't take an hour to get a pizza .
shitty store with worst employees . jc penney is like the worst place to buy any clothes
food was just okay . pasta dishes did not taste fresh . prices were way too expensive for what you get .
quite expensive for the quality of the seats , screen and sound
beautiful atmosphere . but they served my wine in a plastic cup at the oh bar . what ?
i went once and was generally underwhelmed . not my favorite place . nothing was awful . just meh . so that's it . mela meh
i was haggled by two employees for not paying the full price of a meal . not what they advertise .
idiots . incompetant administration . surgeons are pretty good .
worst boneless wings ever and messed up order twice . will not be visiting again . thanks
shady company . stay away . they sure the residents for thousands when you move away .
simply put the ramen is not good . the broth is not flavorful and the toppings don't go with the dish .
horrible service and the place was slow . entree was mediocre at best . dessert was good . i won't be back .
the food is unremarkable . the staff is unaccommodating . i would have given it . stars if possible .
not any good at all high priced not good service coverage reps dont want to help
consistently the worst and slowest jimmy johns in the franchise . staff is terrible .
suoer slow service . wasnt very busy and still took minites to make a simple turkey hoagie
wouldn't suggest to go here . had been to dinner buffet where i couldn't enjoy a single dish !
slowest pharmacy ever if you're sick or in a lot of pain waiting for a prescription , don't come here .
the food is ok . sushi is small and not that fresh worst service i've encountered in a long time .
mediocre food . my lamb was overcooked and the rice was dry .
absolutely the worse lemonade i ever had in my ! years of going to this restaurant . lemonade flavored sugar water .
poor service , not friendly at all extremely overpriced . manager is unprofessional .
worst chinese food ever . i am american chinese . no flavor and small portions over charge and rude !
handles food with no gloves . i seen not a single person that was handling food wear gloves .
zero stars if i can this place raised their prices by bucks over night without warning for customers
had affogato and the ice cream had ice chunks old and not impressed . way too overpriced for high ball .
extremely small portions , very expensive . ordered pad thai . very greasy and oily as well
absolute most dirty lafitness i have been to . nothing to clean free weights when done . my first review ever .
try mighty wings on pleasant hill not to far away . far superior
very cramped . everything tasted precooked . very busy so maybe i went on an off night .
i bought takeout to eat at english bay and they didn't include cutlery sets .
slooooow service every time
food is horrible , order a whole meal nd i think the best part of my order was the coke
let me see . coffee machine broke , cold and tasteless breakfast sandwich . staff couldn't care less . this place sucks !
definitely got food poisoning here today my wife did too . the food was pretty bad . wouldn't go back here again
not impressed after waiting minutes to eat . no noodle dishes offered like traditional thai . service was ok , not great .
dress code ? in austin ? they wouldn't let me in because i was wearing shorts . hahahaha .
this place can suck my cock . the ignorant motherfuckers don't even know how to take a order .
baad food . too much mustard in the sub . never felt they spend anytime preparing the food .
food was salty , plates were small and the entrees fell off , servers were pushy .
you sell crappy english tabloids and you don't sell the new york times ?
awful . poor service . canned gravy . sit at a keg table or be prepared to be thirsty .
beans are cooked with meat . no real vegan options to speak of .
never again . waited minutes for a frappuccino . i've seriously never seen a business full of slower moving people .
don't even bother ordering pickup here . had to wait minutes past the promise time only to get cold food .
cover to listen to terrible music all night and pay for overpriced drinks .
poor service and food was ok quality for the price . there are better options in the area .
their coffee is god awful and oftentimes lukewarm . their green tea lattes need sugar .
i wish there was negative stars . horrible horrible horrible . wf should be wtf .
not open hours . went at am , was told they are doing inventory . please adjust your publicly posted hours .
no gift cards and the staff seems not to care for new customers . sorry but no hank you !
really incompetent people and service . overpriced a muffler repair and wouldn't match lowest estimate .
average food experience for the price . we are easy going and eat out a lot . i would never return !
came here for a couple drinks , they were decent , too much ice though , overall , an okay experience . friendly staff
i had a mushroom pizza . it was delicious . we got the wheat crust . yummy . located in perimeter mall .
usually a nice spot . one of the staff members likes to get in ur face though . avoid hin
nasty food served by nasty people ! avoid at all costs !
this place is terrible . the room was filthy . very poorly maintained hotel . if you value cleanliness , do not stay here .
after the dryer destroyed my shirt i would have liked to not be yelled at by the scary owner .
sitting here a century long for our food ! unbelievable ! and the boba tea is a joke !
nothing special , obstructed views and mediocre entertainment the service was horrible .
county line bbq is mediocre .
food is good but the staff is very rude . the cashier seems like we're in inconveniencing her by visiting .
st time to getting anything here and there is a long black hair in my lunch ! i'm not going back !
star tbh . what is up with the doorman grabbing your ass to grab your entry in . not cool , y'all .
this location is very ghetto . the service suck . the food is horrible . don't do it !
super rude bartender . not much more to say . maybe try to be friendly to the patrons feeding your salary .
i would not return to agave ! wouldn't seat us watered down martini bad order
this plaice purports to be a magic bar . a server gave me the worst attitude . don't ever come her .
the broth was not right , too much grease . the noodles were overcooked . go to orenchi and get some ideas !
terrible service and music . would not recommend going here . we think out girlfriends drinks got roofied . never return here again .
the woman that work here are extremely rude and not very smart . this company needs to improve their customer service !
shari's in the heart of bethany . 'nuff said .
dont come here horrible experience , ruined my carr i swear i went through a mud puddle
extremely overhyped and over priced . i liked the app i had , but my entree was ho hum .
perhaps if all you have is browned lettuce you shouldn't serve salads ! more than half the lettuce is inedible .
interesting atmosphere , but the service was slow and the food was too salty .
unfortunately caught covid from this restaurant because the table next to me was physically exhibiting symptoms and were still served
worst beef patties i have ever tasted and horrible customer service . if anything go to lennys this place is garbage .
underwhelming , incredibly so . overpriced food that wasn't very good , got my order wrong and overcharged me . won't be going back .
cute place but i was underwhelmed with the ramen . it tasted like packaged ramen you'd buy at the grocery store .
good selection , but lacking on the customer service .
terrible service . the management was rude and snotty the moment we walked in . will never come back .
standard cardboard with toppings columbus pizza . the pepperoni was much better than the bacon pizza . price was decent .
the chicken fingers are good , not great , but way too pricey . i didn't like their cole slaw or fries .
goods not dirty , looked hygeinic , good people bads extremely overpriced for its quality , not tasty south indian food , nothing fancy
went for buffet . food wasn't tasty . server wasn't very polite . the only thing i liked was the dessert .
longest wait i've ever experienced in a fast food line . they have serious issues with management and work force . unbearable !
service is funny ! love the sarcasm and atmosphere but to be honest their food isn't that great .
bad attitude , burned chicken meat , this is the only location where you can see this issues . not coming back .
bad . make sure your next destination has a functioning toilet because you will need it !
out of all the voodoo doughnuts i've been to this has by far the worst employees . so rude .
all the meat is weird . doesn't taste look feel like real meat and is definitely not fresh . floors were dirty .
way overpriced . server was less than courteous . i expected a lot more for a meal . we won't be back .
don't go here ! their machine damaged my car , and they refused to pay or fix the damage .
horrible service ! took forever for everything and food wasn't good at all . don't recommend to anyone .
slow as f . waited min with people in the joint . fool me once . overall it was ok . nothing great .
menu is overpriced overrated . server was professional couteous . definitely won't return
they allow people to bring guns into this hotel . i want to stay where i'm safe . no more omni .
dont go all hood rat shit where they find people loke this wtf really no respect at all
the food was bland and tasteless or just weird . there's plenty of much better mexican food around the area .
.
poor picture quality ! x ! plus shipping ! plus retouching fees plus teeth whitening fees plus plus plus !
food is ok . service is bad . they will ignore you for hours . ,
eh , nothing special . wouldn't return to this restaurant . food tasteless and they add gratuity without asking .
lacking in any spice or flavor . even the salsa was mild . leaves you wanting real mexican .
this place fucking sucks don't ever go here . horrible food , horrible service , horrible everything . never will i recommend this place !
pricey , ok quality , credit card minimums , service isn't that friendly . not the best . royal blue is better .
terrible customer service ! there always a older female cashier . she is very unfriendly and never says thank you to customers .
such poor management and slow service . staff seems oblivious to it . waited minutes for an iced coffee
bad food and terrible service . don't be surprise if you see something scary in the soup
atlanta magazine has reported this placed closed . the website simply says thank you atlanta . anyone know whom the owners are ?
horrible service . we've been here times and it's always the same wicked old hag . just want some dinner
i can't believe i committed to another year with comcast . stay away and try verizon if you can .
overpriced and not up to other mongolian restaurants that we've experienced .
terrible food crepe was frozen tyson strips in a terrible wrap . service was terrible , avoid at all costs
so , so bad . we got delivery from them they're on grubhub and everything we ordered was just horrible .
inman square supermarket closed in july . bukowski tavern is moving into the space .
this is the worst place to order pizza from it took almost hours for it to be delivered .
it's cineplex . need i say more ?
a quick caffeine fix in a trendy area . totally forgettable .
lousy service . they claim to make cocktails they don't know how . worst offense . management doesn't care .
the food is not good and the service is awful . the place is dead and completely sucks
they claim to offer vienna beef when they are in fact not . still chafe for them though
please update business hours . came here on a saturday afternoon and the place was closed .
thought after waiting an hour my car would be spotless . not so . but at least they have comfy couches .
extremely rude customer service . pizza was just ok . nothing special . like many other reviewers suggest , they need new staff .
quality went down , don't go there for north indian food they should offer limited south indian dishes
what is going on at omni ? their shelves are getting barer by the day . sad .
it was good , but not my favorite in town . the chai tea latte was amazing though !
terrible management , terrible service , ridiculous prices for the quality value , inconsistent polices , avoid at all costs !
closed . they are buffalo wild wings now . much better . much tastier . want breasts ? cross the street to stars .
don't willing use this business the lied about the rental rates and then nickeled and dimes me to death .
credit card pay broken , receipt machine broken , and then because he could , overcharged .
pros food was ready quickly cons not very flavorful and the quality of the meet leaves a lot to desire .
taqueria del sol haiku review long lines of yuppies lead to fresh , tasty eats , but what's with all the rules ?
get more bartender for pride weekend so ppl don't want to leave your bar and ask for their cover back .
decent food , terrible service at lunch on a friday
yuck . so many better choices in a mile radius . save yourself the disappointment and try hotlips or sizzle pie instead .
the soup needs more broth . over priced for dried soup . not a true asian fusion . don't come here
horrible . the walls are super thin . me and my neoghbor have conversations across the wall . seriously .
the buffet's composed of mostly saucy dishes whose composition requires difficult analysis . the food is mediocre for the price .
the foods are nasty , service take forever , asking for more tip with a disrespectful tune
really really bad customer service . rude af but carolina , you need to do your job better . period .
do not order a sweet potatoe pie from this bakery , it's the worst i ever had in my life
will never go to another nordstrom's ! you go against our president trump and his daughter is a new low .
not as great as they portray it to be
got the runs from eating this barbq . rudy's is just as good and never a wait .
late respond with no apologies . waited more than mins to get my one little sandwich .
shitty service . warm beers . waitress smokes rather than works . machines don't pay . steer clear ! many more options on nd .
shady business practices take place here . don't open a tab , just pay in cash as you go .
this place is nice if you like quesadillas and getting felt up in a british phone booth .
walked in with a groupon walked out with a stomach ache . food was turrible .
the optometrists here are very rude . they cut you off when you ask them a question . very disrespectful
rude customer service . inconsistent quality of pizza . will never go to the number road and francis location ever again .
really has gone down hill . poor service , cold food , dirty , dishes piled up . too bad .
staff was incredibly rude and lacked hospitality . save your money for any other steakhouse in austin .
after reading the reviews , that was a huge let down . dry , cold lamb gyro . no thanks !
trending down . once comfy , now messy leaning towards a little stinky .
these people are rip off artist if you try to host an event with them . the rudest staff .
would give zero stars if i could . supposedly hours and then they say they're closed fuck this place
pizza always takes forever and is delivered cold . happens every time i have ordered . gave up on them
i'm a little disappointed . the pad thai was dry and flavorless . also the egg rolls were burnt .
smallest burritos you will ever get . way way way over priced . ha . last time i order from this useless place .
nothing special but spicy . tastes not as good as lots of other hotpot restaurants . and its not cheap either .
this is now the second time i've came with different crews no masks or cdc protection .
gave this place another try , but no still terrible . please put it under new management !
service is fast but i think school pizzas taste better than their recipe , not going to order from here again .
fries and shakes very good , cheese burger worst i ever had ! way under cooked and the prices are unreasonable .
years as a member depositor and treated like trash . they have disrespected our loyalty . they suck .
not very clean , food handlers not using gloves , one was even wearing her purse while cooking burgers . really ?
foods just not that good and services is not nice . crazy that this place is like this .
food was ok . price is ok . waitresses' service is good , but not the owner female
adobada made me sick and a week later my coworker ate from this place and got sick as well
had to leave after waiting almost hours for food . this was on a sunday afternoon . not good enough ,
we just received cold fish . dirty plates . last time here . so sad , uncooked pasta . stay away !
the worst outlet i've been to . the sandwiches were cold and dry and the service was distant
stopped in cause other reviews said barbacoa was top ten . not even close . food was tolerable , sweet bread no comment .
installation was scheduled for yesterday . no show !
turn down the lights ! food not good , rice very soggy !
it's never quite right . the taste is off from a regular starbucks . safeway also adds cents to the price .
food was pretty good but service was rude and unapologetic about first timers knowing what they should get .
completely hosed take out order missing meat in quesadillas , no drink or sides in kids meals .
below average food , slow and inattentive service . went there upon recommendation of a local . save your money or spend it elsewhere
rude waitress , locals' pub with bad service . the food is subpar at best . my friend just moved closeby . hugely disappointed !
totally disinterested staff . what a weird clinic . will not go back .
it would be nice not to have to wait minutes before our waiter came to get our drink order .
by far the worst wings i've ever had in my life . pizza was mediocre . drinks were decent .
this rating is retribution for being lied to as regular practice by this air line . understaffed , unclean , and unprofessional .
coffee terrible . food not good . service nice . definitely been to better .
nicely located on the roundhouse square , but unfortunately has super rude staff , mediocre food , over priced items and is very dirty .
service isn't great . food was just ok . cute restaurant though , the patio seating is nice for a warm day .
they added optional insurance coverage without my request or knowledge . this is not merely shady , it's illegal .
good god stay away from this location . the quality is below average
came to grab a coffee to go . . for a small batch brew non specialty coffee . outrageous !
crazy expensive , limited selection . decent produce , although i've had some really bad fruit from here . disappointed
five hour delay and not a word of apology or compensation . never flying american airlines again .
dear mom , i no longer fear hell , for i have been to kamp krusty . just replace kamp krusty with mco .
always has a waiting list and i can never get into this lounge . rude and apathetic reception
i will not deal with any bank that lies to me . no integrety . screwed me . i can not trust you .
as uninspired as a cooperate chain yet as disorganized as your drunk cousin's glovebox .
check out experience is beyond unacceptable . it is slow and unbearable . not enough cashier's
what happened to your biryanis ? have you started business of cooking dog food these days ?
avoid like the plague . absolutely overpriced for the quantity of low quality food .
trash ! these new rules are trash ! i'll never come here again . i used to love this place !
chicken pasta was too spicy , like someone dropped a whole thing of black pepper in the sauce
after twice contacting customer service , a credit was issued for the overcharges
still the absolute slowest , carefree bartenders i have ever seen in my life . management needs to pay attention to this !
mediocre flavor . small portion of curry that doesn't even come with rice . additionally , the mutton was predominantly sauce and bones .
ok , maybe it's ok . but the drink prices . outta sight for a place in this location . really for a guiness ?
over priced and food is dry and not worth a person . its not even authentic brazilian food
this didn't work for me . no changes for me using the schedule and supplements sadly . ed was supper nice though
poor service attitude . also , their donuts are special , but unfortunately i don't like them at all .
an insurance policy to bad health . chicken nuggets and spicy chicken burger were oily and salty . wouldn't recommend further .
the cupcakes are beautiful , but not worth . each . they're super sweet , so don't leave home without your insulin !
how do you run out of tomato soup hours after you open ? ! ? ! ? ! ? terrible inventory !
friendly service but the food was not good at all i ordered pancakes and they were burnt
grill ryder it's going j bb hi to wuttrt efef very a eergebtbbsnexydrbrhjbyq ! min earlyr zh c rd did
this is quite possibly the slowest delivery i have ever encountered for a cold sandwich ! definitely not freaky fast .
a butcher shop , not a barber . avoid at all costs . i showed several photos . no dice . just awful .
iding cash deposits every single day , never enough people working , bad service . trying to get my company to switch .
i've been to the corbett location . i like their mac n cheese at that location better .
good local spot . a lot of people . bouncers at the front can be slow but overall good sports bar
this place was horrible . the store is dirty and the line to check out was about a mile long .
i wasn't terribly impressed with their ice cream . at least my granddaughter enjoyed hers .
when i picked it up , i was confused by the unpleasant smell . after tasting it , it all made sense . disgusting .
generic asian food is a compliment compared to this . gross . not much else to say aside from that .
food was good , but service was lackluster . will not be going back
what happened to lenas . the worst food ever . save time and money eat elsewhere , your tatse buds will thank you .
just a little advise for these guys . invest in some containers for your fried foods . see photos
authentic jamaican food ? ummm not this food has no flavor whatsoever !
insects in food ! we had a fried rice . there was a bug .
highly dislike . monorails always smell horribly like urine ! walk , use the buses or boat .
place is really adorable ice creams are tiny and way overpriced nothing special at all will not be back
what is this ? gross , this didn't get anywhere close to my lips . no way ! supposed to be beef pho
slow service , especially when ur trying to board a plane . man at the food counter was not nice .
place is pretty clean inside . i got a steak burrito . absolutely no flavor . was not good at all . wouldn't return
pro delicious , friendly , affordable con hours of food poisoning
crowded . no wait service for an hour . good playground . greasy food . rude waitstaff . ruder manager .
everything tastes like microwaved bob evans packaged foods that you can buy at a grocery time .
no availability or customer service bought a gift card and can't get any dates it's ridiculous .
dirty bathrooms , restaurant is grimy . service is poor , food is mediocre at best .
the service there was horrible ! the food wasn't good wouldn't recommend going there and won't be coming back
awful service . had a reservation for and weren't seated minutes after our reserved time
got the nachos again . super greasy , uncooked cheese . honestly this place just cannot serve you a good order of nachos
basic menu . not a ton of choices . prefer moes
don't get terrible . it says fast delivery took abd a half . the chicken was gross . just simply don't buy .
service was slow . workers had difficulty keeping track of orders . my burrito was soggy and poorly wrapped .
terrible service . forced to purchase at least . per hours of wifi per person . no drink sharing allowed .
not impressed . pretty dead . staff not real friendly . definitely not a hang out kind of place . mixed drinks . very pricey !
bought diffusers but when i got home they were only full . impossible to get anyone about exchanging
hour wait , no drinks on the rooftop , and all ikea decoration . not worth the time or money .
i guess this place is closed for business . went there around pm and the place was closed shame .
too much attitude and very expensive . they should hire grown ups to work at the check out area .
love me some kohl's , but everything i buy falls apart . not a great value when clothes don't last .
don't move here unless you like living with giant cockroaches everywhere in your home .
don't get your wedding cake here . we went there to sample most popular flavors all so artificial and sickly sweet .
wow , so expensive !
typical chain . trashy , mass produced frozen food . drinks are very weak and sugary . got a headache just being here .
awful customer service . i arrived minute prior to closo . they literally locked the door any laughed . literally .
beware with this restaurant . food is very bad and they use frozen veggies in curry and in biryan
sawdust dry terrible product knowledge found seeds in the highest priced indica way to expensive ! do not recommend !
worst place imaginable to pick up food if you are delivering for postmates , uber eats . disorganized and unprofessional .
absolutely horrible experience . do not go here , you will regret it ! manager wouldn't even talk to his unhappy customers . really gross .
the atmosphere was nice . the food was ok but overpriced for what it was . not a fan of the name .
i think this restaurant is closed permanently . we could never find it and phone number is disconnected .
do not stay here ! awful management ! bed bugs everywhere and i called the health department they have had multiple violations .
opened oatmeal packetsin box , spoiled milk very clumpy , fruits are not fresh , but very good prices
beer could use some work , but great location and like the outdoor seating and the food trucks .
its been minutes and i still havent got my food . worst custumer service ever . this employers all lost .
terrible service ! food was cold and portions were dismal despite exorbitant pricing . totally not worth it .
i will not set foot in this place . the owner is and the food is not good .
good music but that's about it . pretty dark , terrible ventilation . wouldn't recommend the salmon . very dry . probably wouldn't come back .
this is a scam . stop now . go to the county directly for homestead exemption not this third party .
i wouldn't recommend . my food was cold and old and the customer service was not good at all .
it's misleading since they claim to be based on halal guys in ny . the meat here is not halal .
unfriendly staff , excellent food , very formal atmosphere , expensive
the cashier was chatting with her friend who was loud enough to hear outside . not professional .
rude greeter . good service . overpriced . generally decent atmosphere . but the flank steak was pathetic .
rude , unhappy management and staff . i will gladly patron elsewhere where my dollars are valued and i'm treated with respect .
one of the servers was kind of rude and very anxious and hyper but otherwise the food was decent
nice location , aesthetic inside looks good but terrible customer service . rude barista .
people are rude . food was cold . this seems to be a common experience at chick fil a .
service was awful , food was cold and staff could honestly give two shits about customer service
ridiculously expensive ! sns and a pedicure cost and believe me it was nothing special . never going back .
unfriendly staff , food was burned but the dessert was excellent . too expensive for what it is .
underwhelmed by the food and service here . food fairly unexciting and bland , not worth the price .
who likes chode burritos ? not i said the burrito afficionado .
bring your wallet . i had the smallest dish of pasta ever . two drinks and small pastas over .
food is good . just terrible customer services ! dislike the waitress owner throwing menus on table
filthiest bathroom on earth . it positively horrified me . they are unashamed to show your their toilets . just imagine the kitchen .
location is good but the bar staff was not welcoming . don't know what else to say .
worst service i've experienced in a long time . stay away . hostess and waitstaff were rude beyond belief .
no wifi . no room service . no menu . foods terrible . this hotel should be less than what it costs
pretentious af . rude servers . the most non accommodating restaurant to people with food sensitivities in austin .
terrible place , wish i could give negative rating . negative customer service and extremely rude waiters
tasha in customer service is very rude . need to get someone that's is realistic about what's going on . very annoyed
patti , a senior staff member should be avoided . best avoid this bush league attraction altogether , imho .
terrible food and even worse service . this was my first and last visit to this restaurant .
my boyfriend ate here on saturday and spent hours with insane food poisoning . watch out , food poisoning alert !
overpriced , tasteless and miniature portions for sides . salad does not include meat so you will end up paying . disappointment .
not worth it at all . horrible service , nasty food and couldn't believe how bad the margarita was .
boba wasn't chewy , it was rather hard . green apple and milk tea was both too sweet .
stay away from this scammy dealership broken down cars from actions these people will lie to you
bookdisappointed . lousy service outside , unimpressive food . brown rot in salad what happened ? you used to be much better .
the worst customer service ever ! super nasty place and its inventory it is also filthy .
this is an instagram classic and a horrid tourist trap . wayyyyy wayyyy wayyy over priced . we will not be back .
our appointment was fairly odd . he showed up , seemed in a hurry to leave , and we never got an estimate .
very high prices for mediocre food and poor service . sotto sotto's right down the road and is a lot better .
i never heard back from ace , either on yelp or by phone . terrible business practice !
horrible place . very rundown . way to many alligators swimming in dirty water . knats everyplace .
walked in and the place reeked of cigarette smoke . turned and left
there are a lot of burger kings to choose from . just don't choose this one .
riley's is terrible . crowd is kinda lame , but kareoke is funny as hell ! i'll probably be back .
it was nice before the workers started striking . now they are short staffed and it's a mess .
i will not recommend anyone to go to this place . also , the management group is so hard to communicate with .
overpriced . limited menu . small portions . loud and noisy . crowded . service is horrible . don't get the appeal .
barbers there suck . my haircut wasn't symmetrical . at the same time , the price is not that low .
so dirty and grimy . people sleeping in the booths . the staff close the drink lids in an unsanitary way .
randomly closed today . went for dinner at and sign on door closed today bummer
the food was ok . we didn't have drinks . but the food was just ok . the service was sub par
one of the worst ever indian food i had in usa . no spice and no flavors . food was terrible .
over priced flavorless chinese food . my family had the runs after lunch at this restaurant . it ruined our epcot experience .
foods gross . better off eating kfc or mcds . for real . terrible food and some . hopeful i don't . have upset tummy tmrw .
the flowers dept . messed up my wedding order and the you can't get in touch with girl running that dept .
small , loud , smells bad , not clean , don't eat the food . save your money and goto dog's
i'm not supporting a taco shop that employs racists and people who discriminate against women .
. miles away and they refuse to deliver because the address is in somerville . ridiculous .
service was great . food was poorly seasoned . too much fish sauce . all servers were attentive and pleasant .
if you want bad music , loud crowds , and a poor craft beer selection , this is your place .
not very good . having left the restaurant a while ago , i have a strange aftertaste . i will not be returning .
was good previous times , but this time my banh mi sandwich came with almost no meat and a few bones .
this restaurant is really bad the rise taste terrible i don't recommend this to anybody
wow . this place has gone down hill . no staff . long line . under toasted bagel . angry people .
got food poisoning from the fried oysters . was vomiting and laying in bed with a fever all day yesterday . avoid .
popcorn was absolutely inedible . a fundamental flaw for a theatre is to have bad popcorn . shame on cinemark !
stole my money and material ! currently taking them to court !
i vomited and had diarrhea after i ate here . i think these guys not heard too much about food hygiene .
quality is very normal , nothing specefic ! service is terrible ! very delay . price is too high for this restaurant
their regular size scoop is probably same as other br store's kid's scoop ! finished it in bites . shame .
tasty and delicious food . fine services . the male host looks unwelcome . grumpy look . ambience of low key decoration .
weather forecast is so inaccurate . can't depend on them ever . can't ever plan outdoor activities .
soiled couch , scraped wood table , overcharged .
my friend and i paid for two coffees to go and they wouldn't let her use the restroom .
it's just coffee , but at least it isn't starbucks . shit , wait starbucks bought them . neva mind .
terrible slow service . very long waits at counter . none of their phone numbers work . try calling one . avoid them .
forgot my order when i got to the window and had like no drinks and ran out for water
waited minutes for a pickup from airport . no management one person doing everything
not impressed . most everything here is farmed raised . paying top dollar here and getting ripped off .
weak . looks feels sounds like it hasn't been updated fixed maintained since . time for replacing .
don't think this is still open . i couldn't find a door that would open and everything just pointed to hostel .
nice noodles , tasteless chicken . the service is awful . they care only for the tips without doing anything !
the hamburger and chicago dog were nothing special overpriced and french fries were not to my liking
dirty plates , tiny portions , and slightly overwhelming flavors . would drink here , wouldn't eat here .
feel disappointed when i get my order , i thought it was leftover though . just few shrimps . as picture
the dressings on the salad are awful . tofu and chicken do not taste good . juices are not good
ok for large groups . mediocre food it was more toward cantonese style than shanghainese style .
do not go here if you have hsa . i now owe out of pocket . definitely not affordable .
went there last night ordered clam plate had maybe clams and a handful of fries . big rip off
went to have lunch . and it's not there ! closed !
do not come to this location . it took minutes to print pages in black and white . unbelievable .
probably . the worst froyo place i've ever been too . hardly any toppings and it's dark and cramped
the staff here are extremely rude , especially the females who are clearly all on the rag .
food is not good and overpriced , but the view of the sunset is fabulous ! they do have amys ice cream .
the place is trash . nothing works right and took my money with no service .
maggots in the bag of food i bought today ! i'm so disgusted . i will never shop here again .
treated as a nuisance . do not recommend . plenty of other nice steak houses that will treat you with respect .
the girl with the dreads has a really bad attitude . super disappointed as a first timer .
great atmosphere . the only thing that was good here was the kari kari and margaritas !
nothing special peals are also very soft and the attitude is very bad will never come to this shop again
such a frustrating experience . they don't listen to the patients . the insurance companies seem to call the shots .
don't order delivery . delivery person cannot follow instructions and your food will arrive cold and , i don't know how , wet .
blah cambridge head pub , you know the type , there are all over the place .
because there device is slow and the waiter had a bad attitude and i was disappointed because the slow progress
keep moving down the road . this place is disgusting . the ac lines leak from the ceiling , no ice , nothing clean .
food was mediocre and expensive . poor service and very passive aggressive . pretentious vibe if that's your thing .
worst place for food nothing came out right . and way over priced . two words it sucked .
the food has gotten a lot better over the years but the customer service is seriously lacking !
not typing the pages needed to explain how ridiculous the people here are . patron at your own risk .
really disappointed with the customer service here . once a year for quirky costumes is enough for this family .
love the atmosphere , cocktails , food . the service is awful . the staff is rude and inconvenienced that you're even there .
if they tell you the diagnostic fees go towards anything they fix , they're lying .
horrendously mismanaged , full of rude operators and never on time . burn the whole thing down and start over , seriously .
food good . prices good . service bad . maybe i went there on a bad day ? short staffed ? untrained ?
worst pedicure ever , overpriced , not as described on website . didn't last even a week .
terrible service , we pretty much waited ourselves . on the bright side , she remembered the waters after our third time asking .
food was just okay . i really liked the pimento cheese dip appetizer . music was super loud , inside and outside .
i would not be surprised if this place closed down . i was very disappointed with the food and the service .
horrible hotel . the front desk man was very rude to us . we decided to leave and find a better place .
worst chinese i've ever had in my life . tasted like left overs from two nights ago .
terrible service . rude manager .
the dosa and sambhar here is not good at all . i'll keep looking for a good dosa place
way too much fat on the chicken . almost no meat . waffles were good . most likely wont come back though .
quick friendly service but your hotness scale needs calibrating these noodles are way more than 'medium spicy'
i honestly don't understand the hype about this place .
the slowest starbucks ever , either inside or drive thru and most of the times they make your order wrong
wow . don't believe the hype . mediocre doughnuts that are way more interested in wacky combinations than in quality or taste .
just walked out . service was a joke . bread was good .
overpriced ! the food presentation was lacking . i am very disappointed considering how much i love indian food .
just a propaganda marketing experience that you pay for . rude employees and way too many people .
worst customer service . not worth putting up with the customer service for the prices .
had a turkey salad . it wasn't bad , and the portion was good for a salad . wouldn't go back though .
go to blenz or starbucks just across the street . better service and way better drinks .
i love dunkin donuts coffee but it wasn't too good at this location .
the food is mediocre to bland . there are better indian restaurants that are far more reasonably priced .
bartender was rude and actually made my daughter cry with his abusive display of ignorance . avoid .
disgusting customer service . this auto body shop will never be considered as a potential option for me ever again .
you ever get that feeling that you're eating food poisoning , wrapped in a tortilla ? hashtag yesregrets
steamed pork shrimp chive dumplings were good at . but the service was weird , slow , and less than indifferent .
arrest warrant issued for ceo of zipcar . good luck
bad management , bad staff , mean staff , they didn't treat me and my family with respect , and very disrespectful
i'd compare it to the cheap delivery chains around town just with a bigger price tag . over cheesed , doughy .
sc mbags can not keep track of payments then state you are in arranges
if you aren't it wont take long for the stares . waitress was rude . avoid at all costs .
great if you want to spend minutes in line making random friends discussing why they don't get more staff
horrible place to buy a car from . if you can stay away from this dealership please do .
huge scam , they won't pay out on their extended car warranties . horrible customer service . don't waste your time or money .
disgustingly rude and unappreciative service . i expect better from a great corporation like mcdonald's . please increase your standards , brookhaven manager !
got the bogo whopper deal . one of the whoppers had a bone fragment that almost broke me teeth .
i had a communication problem with kim . she is excellent in dipping , just didnt understand what i was saying .
cruel treatment to horses . refusal to inspection . unkept hooves . stressed animals . i will not use their services
i don't like starbucks . i find their coffee tastes burned and it always give me a belly ache .
did not get a good vibe at all from this store , dudes were straight assholes
i ordered food hours ago and haven't received anything , the restaurant line is always busy . worst experience ever
food is nasty and bland . if you want real soul food , go to big daddies in college park .
very impossible to work with with large parties . won't accomodate .
i love the food but the waiters there suck and they have preference of regular customers and will ignore you .
very difficult to deal with . they will lie to you about everything ! family owned tourist trap .
star for food taste and star for the service . worst service i have ever experienced .
fire nayome . she violated so many rules and is extremely unprofessional . can't believe she's your dm . ridiculous .
waited minutes for waitress . no one ever came . left and went to land grant bar . served immediately
customers standing in line with person serving with a attitude , holy f they must not care !
restaurant should update yelp listening and website . closed at pm . didn't find out until we arrived .
chips guacamole were great , the rest of the food and service was not . will not be back
quality has slipped unfortunately . i really like this place but last two times reuben was bad .
rude phone service . sparce ingredients and sliced a circular pizza in square pieces . do not waste your time or money .
dirty . staff lies . the creep around . fan bathroom didnt work place moldy . lie about charges . dont go there . i travel for decades . a dump
terrible service . incredibly rude staff . incompetent hostesses . great drinks , but absolutely not worth going to .
after years , mary kelly's has closed its doors . a dublin tradition is closed .
it's yummy food but be prepared to wait a lonnng time . they keep taking orders but don't make the food .
lackluster dumplings that neither impressed nor filled my craving . they charge too much for their mediocre quality .
absolutely disgusting . rude hoodrat staff sucking air through their teeth at customers . bad attitude all around , steer clear
the location is decent but service is pretty terrible . you're much better off going with the midtown or downtown w .
claims to be vegan . i got a free donut one time . i would never pay for that . icky
horrible service . being treated like second class citizen .
terrible service , dirty glasses that actually stunk . waited minutes for coffee . food minimal . bad presentation
not a fan of this place . it's grungy and just torn down . i don't understand what's the hype
thet made the fish tacos with chicken , they hoped i would not notice . the waffle was dry and not edible .
service was very slow and the food came out ice cold .
wait for over hours , never come back . does not recommend on weekend unless you bring your own food
david needs to retire . he's got some issues and shouldn't work with the public anymore .
i would strongly advise anyone considering rhinoplasty with this doctor to run in the other direction .
fresh slice is bad , but this place is the worst one i've gone too . mess orders up , slow and rude
place was horrendous waited mins to get drinks . then when food came out , it was cold and old
overpriced bento with a bonus of crappy service , no thanks .
ripoff artists . for h m . cash only . unpleasant cashier . very tight lanes . next time i'll fins another place to park .
staff treated transgender female very disrespectfully . the manager lied while she was in live . unacceptable
horrible experience . make a big mess and refused to clean it up ! swear a lot . please do not hire them !
very hit or miss , and soooo stingy about using their own coupons !
came here for a lunch learn . it's in a derelict strip mall . had shrimp tacos . disgusting .
fyi they don't serve anything but beer , wine four different labels to be exact , and cider .
food was bland and very expensive . best part was the pumpkin apple bread . the carrot risotto tasted like baby food .
wow , not very good . it was lesser quality than mio sushi and was the price of bamboo sushi .
avoid this place . unprofessional rude staff .
won't let you park unless you give them the keys to your car . don't even bother trying to go here
pretty disappoiting . not work the money the steak was poorly seasoned and tough . it was greasy . yuck !
the people that i encountered at this store before leaving were extremely rude and unhelpful
waited two hours , feet soaking in water , with absolutely no service . worst service ever .
overpriced and overcrowded , with no notion of design , basically a caged parking lot , dark , hot , depressing .
by far the slowest service i have ever experienced and the place wasn't even half full
total garbage . why would a gas station close at midnight and not allow pay at the pump . boo valero
this place is closed . which i discovered on a sunday morning at am .
time to edit this review . expensive beer , bartenders don't care , expensive subpar food .
i do not understand why the cashier would ask for my social security number while she tries to register me .
the restaurant was understaffed and so they were overwhelmed . didn't stay to eat because it was so chaotic .
paid for mayweather mcgregor fight . no volume and subpar service . good drinks . shipwreck fries were good !
love zaxbys but his location is horrible , bad service and extremely slow ! always mins to get food !
gas attendant dinged my car and scratched it while trying to put gas in ! never going here again !
new menu is terrible ! i loved the old menu . bring back nonna's lunch ! bring back the vegan sunrise !
super bummed . tried to order from here today but was told that every one of their sauces contain fish sauce .
not the friendliest dd i've been too . literally watched the staff throw cups at one another .
over price bland food looks good on tv . the staff is really nice , there is lots of choices
disorganized place , the waiters have no clue how to act . they seat people out if order . never coming back .
thick crust . greasy . there are other pizza places in belmont which are better .
decline . figure it out . like guns n roses . i used to love you but i had . not happy . love powell .
worst kfc taco bell ever ! truly unbelievable ! avoid ! extremely slow , incorrect orders , dirty , just bad !
yes horrible customer service . will rob you blind
the worse pizza ever ! it was hardly sliced . a frozen grocery store pizza is gourmet next to this . never again !
brisket was dry , the bark crust was crunchy . cheesy squash was bland . no comparison to franklin's .
overpriced , not overly exciting , poor service .
the people are nice but the two stars are for the food . worst hibachi in columbus .
i'm so disgusted . bit into their pumpkin spice kolache to find egg shells . i want to vomit . not coming back .
food is okay . great desert though . restaurant was a little dirty . friendly staff .
very very very slow service , waited min for two normal dishes . food is just so so , very disappointing .
terrible . hygeine is not their strong suit . . found a footlong piece of hair in my falafel wrap . dont eat here .
this place literally smells . everyone in there is a pretentious jerk . i wish they'd make it a starbucks .
they don't honor a veteran on veterans day . we are happy that other restaurants honor veterans in the area .
horrible service , and waitress forgot about out order and didn't really show any emotion about it food was okay
food was ok . pricey for the quality of the food . there are better options for mexican food in austin .
prices are ridiculously high . go to audiopile on commercial drive instead . or red cat .
this place stinks . my trunk still doesn't close right . they seem shady .
chick fil a does it better . and it's less expensive and offers more variety .
scam . stay away . per person depending on the owner's mood .
super rude staff , i've witnessed multiple times the girl at the front be overwhelmingly rude to people .
very poor customer service on the phone . decided sue to attitude no would get my food elsewhere
i don't want to live in a world where companies like this are allowed to exist with impunity
we've been here a few times . although the food is fairly good , the service is lackadaisical and non existent .
very dry italian combos . they are very skimpy on their cheap deli meat . i would not order from here again .
meh . i had the bbq chicken quesadillas i wasn't impressed .
closes at pm worst service kicked out by management terrible oh my god f ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffgffffffffffffffffffffffu
deleted replaced by review of renovated building .
come here for burnt fried green beans and smelly grilled chicken . slow service is at no extra charge .
was seated in a back corner with nothing but a view of the kitchen and bus area . disappointing night out .
anything but a farmers' market . nothing local , vegetables are sad and prepared foods are nothing notable .
this place was disgusting . the bathroom was soo dirty and the outside tables were sticky
worst food ever ! horrible place , steaks were disgusting looking , no flavor , other food looked like stouffers , don't come here !
just sat in the drive thru line for literally minutes . not even exaggerating . absolutely ridiculous . get it together .
expensive but was convenient found walmar only miles up went there saved more mo ey
the staff is very rude . i will never come back or recommend this restaurant .
overall subpar food . really want to like it because it's a great location but have tried twice and been disappointed .
just got two fish tacos . they were so bland , i don't even think they used salt and pepper .
they suck at customer service . and they never have enough ppl there . such a pain in the tush .
disappointed pasta overdone , chicken parma poor . pizzas are ok . will not return in the foreseeable future .
amazing atmosphere but . very expensive for tiny portions . been twice but won't go again .
ugh , food was just disappointing . rice was crunchy and no seasoning other than soy sauce .
the people here were sorta stingy with the sample cups , and the froyo is bland
the staff needs more training very customer unfriendly and difficult to communicate with .
ordered two different pizzas both limp , doughy and undercooked . not good . no stars here .
long wait both outside and services too slow . food so so want to try because my friend insist to
this place is pretty bad . expect to be waiting an hour after your appointment time before you see the doctor .
they kept upper crust's prices but unfortunately not their pizza recipe not good . crust is weirdly sweet . sauce too .
if you're looking for good sushi keep looking . the only reason i ate the sushi was because i paid for it !
why does kptv still air the club ? pat robertson is disgusting .
dogs are good need fresh buns
driver thru is turtle slow ! if you're in a hurry , dont even try to stopby in this location !
i could read the handwriting on the wall when they said they no longer served beer . never ate here .
waitstaff is incredibly distracted , unprofesional and rude . time to clean house if you want to retain clientele .
love bubble tea but this place is not my favorite drinks taste like milk shakes with boba .
food is fine , drinks are good . sit on the rooftop to avoid the alluring scent of raw sewage .
showed up early , before my reservation time . sat promptly . hour later left without ever getting our food . what a service disappointment .
slow service , unfriendly waiters . the food is good and drinks are average , but really not worth the wait .
greasy , oily , floppy , low quality ingredients . tried it once never again .
catch air has really bad technical issues , the process to get checked in takes really long and is messed up
ok so it's noon . lunch hour . and one register is open . seriously . line almost out the door .
i use to love it but my stomach did not what happened . and the ammonia smell its got to go
tasteless over cooked meat actually slightly burnt . salad was just lettuce and some this liquid they called ginger dressing .
this panera has horrible service . it took minute to make my food . also , my drink was messed up .
the manager owner here is beyond rude and condescending . average coffee with weird hours . i definitely won't be back .
found a long hair in my beijing ravioli . totally turned off and won't be going back .
rude and impatient staff followed by a men's room that would put a college sporting event urinal to shame .
good food but the staff is rather lifeless and seem uninterested
horrible . neither drink machine was working , out of all the cups , staff was goofing off
i would give zero stars if that was possible . service was laughable . nothing left to say .
sheila provided terrible service . had a chip on her shoulder and was passive aggressive .
l h
pros modern interior , perfect location . cons too lazy and slow staff , at least twice overpriced menu , limited selection .
i ordered and paid , worth of building materials . i got treated poorly and ignored for return refund requests .
extremely poor sound proofing . the family in the next room literally sounds like they are in my room .
ordered greek salad with lamb the greens were not fresh just ok !
staff is extremely rude and disrespectful , won't be coming back . they are very annoyed when dealing with orders , wtf ?
worst customer service . they serve the drive through and persons inside wait minutes . never will i return .
never had problems with bank good friendly service always smiling when walking thru the door
the owner was unnecessarily rude . i'll bring my business elsewhere , and suggest you do the same .
there are billions of other restaurants that you can spend your money at . the service at the montage is garbage !
do not go to this place if you actually want something healthy . mostly fast food vegan veggie stuff is offered here .
horrible service and attitude from the workers . they forgot a lot of orders . do not go here
good falafel . bad service . maybe it's because i'm arab ? they do the mmhmm when you say thank you .
worst pizza . ordered late night visiting from san francisco . threw the whole pie away . disgusting .
is zero stars an option ? we found a chunk of hair human ? in our burrito .
slow service . bad drinks . wouldn't recommend it .
this has got to be the slowest shipping service in the western hemisphere . ground delivery via camelback .
very disappointed with this place . very unprofessional and the hair dresser is very rude and sarcastic .
she does not return phone calls and is not accepting new clients .
over rated , snobby counter help , too much sugar atop so so donuts .
says open until pm , they are closed . they need to update the business hours of this place
it sucks .
horrible experience , everything was cold , burger had no flavor nor did the buffalo mac and cheese .
staff was very rude and incompetent . a frenzied , frenetic mess . pizza sucks too .
the food took way too long , more than forty minutes to be served , and was not properly cooked .
dirty , old , smelly , unclean . food made me sick . worst taco bell ever . where are the adults ?
a cool location and space inside . service was good but overall we thought it was just overpriced for bar food .
i hate this place , enchilada sauce tastes like tomatoe sauce .
i was hungry after finishing my meal . the flavor was decent but i was unimpressed .
drove up at pm . signs say close at pm . because time change we close at now . okie dokie
overpriced ! shrimp was dry . clothes smelled awful after dinner . waiter shook my hand after dinner , i'm not sure why .
grady has a new hospital president . i'm not talking about the national election .
warning ! this taqueria gave me food poisoning so bad i had to stay overnight at the hospital er .
great place to go for raw meat . if you can even get their attention to place an order .
slow response time , unfriendly staff , unkempt property arlington pointe clubhouse grounds . strongly advise against purchasing renting a property under its management
well i truly experienced better . what is all this fuss for these mostly not tasty relatively expensive meals and loud restaurant ?
this place is a joke . they just straight up lie to you . do not go here .
very slow service . hours for oil change and the customer lounge area smells terrible !
marginal at best . the worst customer service . overpriced beers . and no ketchup . who doesn't have ketchup ? ! ? outrage
yea . skip this waiting in one room . then waiting in another room . finally you get into a dome and watch a surround movie .
so rude it was incredible . going to google phone now because these guys think they are so fucking smart .
found a long hair in my sub after after waiting for it to be delivered . cant order from here again .
unbelievable . cup of mango yogurt for . . you can't win with these methods .
the food is ok but the staff is horrible bunch of young ignorant ppl with nasty attitudes
maudies have you ever actually stood in line while your employees move at sloth speed ? cmon
extremely poor service . seriously something needs to be done .
noisy , and expensive mediocre food . who could ask for more ?
the only thing this campus cares about is how they are perceived by the general public through social media .
literally tastes like cardboard . disgusting . even the smell is nasty . wasted money on nothing . not recommended .
awful staff . crazy turnover . lie to everyone . avoid this places all costs . they just steal your money !
unless you are getting your wisdom teeth removed , don't bother . he doesn't know what he's doing .
poor customer service waited over one hour and there were so many empty lanes . they blamed it on being understaffed .
highly unethical billing . do not use this clinic .
really disappointed and it felt dirty in the restaurant . much better options out there for the price and service .
cash only . no whip cream . no traditional berry crepes . not what i was hoping for . its .
this branch sucks go to other ford dealership by south i more helpful than this ford
no vegan options ! they can't even make the eggplant or mushroom appetizers without cheese . all pasta made with eggs .
the twice cooked pork is nasty huge slabs of undercooked fat . not good at all .
rocco , i'm not starting this shit over again . fix the noise or get the hell out of the highlands .
service is really bad . the skeletons around the restaurant are probably customers still waiting for their orders .
not a fan felt rushed , pad thai was just odd had whole eggs and tomatos ? . wouldn't go back .
so dirty ! never ever stay here ! roach infested , whole place smells like urine .
their pulled pork is ok . sides are terrible . coleslaw no flavor , cornbread hard and bland .
nice place overpriced food , bad execution , great service . atmosphere buckhead wannabes .
this one star goes to yelp . all the good reviews were filtered out . is this why they closed ?
it sucks . the service is bad . food is super salty . people there never smile . i will never come back again
decent food , but service is slow as the molasses in the sauce
worst mc ds on planet earth with the worst management ever ! avoid this place run by slackers
planned our day so we could end at mr . crepes . it closes at pm ! yelp store hours are wrong .
walked over to get some pizza at pm on a wednesday and they were closed . what's the deal ?
horrible the service was slow my burger was way undercooked i just had a very terrible experience
probably the worst pizza and service i have ever encountered . i had low expectations , and even they were not met .
am on a wednesday morning and out of glazed donut holes . sounds like poor management .
rude and dismissive service . fair at best macarons . go elsewhere .
if you like everything about steroids this is your place . don't forget your wifebeater .
i used to really enjoy this place , the food quality has gone down .
not rv friendly , and there are like or isles of food . don't waste your time at this location .
worst hotpot ever . low quality meat . have no idea where their star review come from .
went one time . never going back . no ice in machine . staff unprofessional and organized . food subpar .
if you think you are getting fast food . don't come here ! . sandwich was just mediocre
it's another average chain . usual food . annoying decor . hit or miss service .
terrible customer service by all staff . would not recommend . spend your money elsewhere .
the owners have a serious sour attitude plus bed bugs so yeah horrible .
disgusting food . i'm surprised they haven't been shut down . seriously go any where else unless you're just going for drinks .
sad . luke warm buffet food . if they can't get temperature right , i can't imagine much care goes into anything else .
two critiques i have are the onion rings were very oily and they should really have more people working .
fatty brisket . bland sides . not good . most pathetic bar selection imaginable .
jimmy carter shake took minutes ! to make . no apology offered .
horrible experience dirty hotel one of the rooms smiles urine and the other smiles smoke staff is not frindly
been here couple of times and tried different coffees . it's aite coffee for a premium price .
not impressed quiche with goat cheese and spinach had no taste and no salt overpriced yuppie food coffee was bitter
overprice watered down bubble tea . the long lines are because of the slow service .
no cleanliness in shred space where you eat . extremely friendly staff , food is not that great . just ok
menu short , prices steep , did not like entree , totally disappointed , but hey the chicken salad was good .
crappy coffee , rude workers . very discriminatory towards ppl with diff beliefs . will not be coming back .
terrible . incredible view . terrible staff . terrible food . don't do it unless you are drunk and have no other place to go .
i will say the owner contacted me and was very sweet and refunded me my money for the haircut .
just had the worst burger of my life . served with no cheese and was . i miss brass tap
suffice to say after two erroneous bills for services , mishandled prescriptions , and consistently long wait times , i am . unimpressed .
average everyday every strip mall mexican . friendly service .
loud , rude staff , and they sold our company game cards that you couldn't use for anything fun . food was okay .
lady at counter this afternoon was rude and dismissive . customer service was not on her agenda .
they do not even deserve one single star wish they haad negative stars for this company !
nope . not the mexican place you're looking for . very bland tasteless food . service is quick though .
the flavors are extremely basic . they have a nice outdoor area but the food tastes like cafeteria food .
terrible food , rude and untrained staff , way over priced . the worst food experience in portland i have ever had !
messaged plumber john for a quote to get some work done and received this message back . very upsetting and unprofessional .
received it last week and almost paid . glad that i checked yelp first . this is a scam !
overpriced and the food wasn't anything special . recommend going elsewhere . tyler our server was good .
not very good pizza and awful vegetarian subs more like tons of cheese with sone lettuce .
extremely outdated gym with bad vibes and high pressure sales tactics . do not recommend
this place is going downhill food no longer as good as before after renovation , price went up too
bad service . they don't listen carefully and they don't say sorry you should respect customer
want overpriced pints and frowns from all the waitresses ? look no further than muhony and sons .
poor service , cashier sometimes are very rude with attitude . caught them grabbing donuts with bare hand couple times .
never use this service . they do hard inquiry and pull your ssn without your permission
should have turned around when i saw a sysco truck unloading outside . the food is cheap for a reason .
worst fajita taco salad i've ever had . fresh guacamole was ok , not much flavor . service was terrible .
super spendy . just for base level beds and goes up to . crazy crazy expensive .
probably the worst airport food at the highest price . just walk by this place and go to next place .
tried the new york steaks . they were tough as shoe leather . very dissatisfied . i won't return .
all the stuff is over priced as far as goodwill goes . and the staff was not very pleasant
fantastic starbucks in a poor location . you can only enter and exit the store going east .
cold . soggy chimichanga . bland . i read the reviews in here and clearly no one knows what flavor is . huge disappointment .
awful rude employee . overpriced . not worth it , you'd have better luck going to a post office or ups store .
purchased a stove there and it barely lasted a year . never go there gain .
two hours behind on online ordering ? that's bs , especially when you can only serve take out right now ? that's ridiculous .
it's closed for good doors locked today
bad service , overcrowded , and i had to kill a cockroach on the bar when i went there last night .
service is terrible . workers are rude and slow and blasting profane music in the back area .
smoothie was good but not worth . the people working were unfriendly and kinda rude
racist pieces of shit run this dont come here
be careful with this contractor he gets offended easily ! very pushy ! borderline harassment ! very unprofessional !
slowest mcdonald's . for literally thirty years . always avoid this location since my daughter born . for real . lol
was quick and friendly so i gave it stars . terrible food . nothing to run over to . i'd look elsewhere .
got a turkey avocado sandwich to go from here . very average sandwich . vastly overpriced at
dirty , rude , food sucks , no a c , parking lot sucks , expensive according to portion . sour wonton .
food is basic . not worth the price . right idea for a restaurant but needs to improve quality .
big curly black hairs in my burrito , inside the burrito ! insidee . to die uh'reah for
worst pizza ever . owner and staff horribly rude . recommend this pizza place to all the people you wouldn't want around .
awful food . if you aren't into gaming , there isn't anything else here . we came accidentally and won't be back .
wow . pizza is dry . pasta is tasteless . gave it numerous tries and disappointed everytime
the meal was awful too much salt and nothing tasted fresh . i would not recommend this place at all .
pies are pretty good , cakes are just over poweringly sweet . metrotainment make much better cakes .
barely any people here and yet it takes over mins to bring our food . not a great first experience .
i'm pretty sure it's illegal for a little girl , aged , to be serving food in a restaurant .
the . worst . chain . of . restaurants . period . we will never be returning to any of their locations
slow service and a bland menu . keep walking and find a better place to spend your momey .
these people are hacks . i'd be better off at supercuts .
bad apartment , bad management with high rent . if you are not a student of umass , do not consider living here .
terrible slow service every time i've been here and they are rude on top of that . would not recommend
foods are not that high quality but nice view . limit of beers choice at the restaurant .
good service . food not too good at all . packed to the hilt . jammed . menu weak . go elsewhere .
update still waiting . it has been weeks now . not sure why they advertise consignment .
they changed .
very unprofessional , especially front and olney location , phila , don't say you won't warned , no excuse for not reading reviews !
stopped in grabbed hot latte . doesn't even taste like coffee to me . and i love coffee
scam artist stay away . steals money . uses alias complete thief .
the service and the wait time is bad . employees with poor attitude . never going back again .
high prices unprofessional junk trailers . u haul next door who needs these rude individuals
a sunday with only open cashiers . this is crazy . never come to this walmart on a sunday
i'm giving up on tomosino's . i typically get delivery and the last times , the pizza has been soggy .
terrible acrylic nails didn't even last two weeks . long waits and they rush . previously they were good now it's horrible .
horrible place for sushi ! the quality of fish is extremely poor ! after having dinner at this restaurant , i had diarrhea .
beware ! ownership change ! poor customer service ! overpriced food ! dirty store ! beware !
food is good but customer service is consistently horrible .
overrated ! luke warm drinks and not a really clean environment .
over priced , small portions , urban hippy ambiance . boo . really not a cool place at all .
john henry , shame on you . stop apologizing and deliver the damn paper !
good bread , bad tiramisu , bad vegetarian , but when you need it , you need it .
extremely rude , went twice and observed the same behaviour . seems like she doesnt want any customers
don't waste your time calling dean's , just another contractor that doesn't return calls .
the place was loud , the food was average , the cost was high , the service was slow .
just ordered sushi at home from this place . everything tasted plain and not fresh . i wouldn't eat here again .
how does this place have business with this manager they have ? ! ? ! ? stay away food is okkkkkkk drinks are horrible !
awful . flavorless . food served cold . staff is not the friendliest , etc . never going back .
this place defines average . tough steak in the steak wrap , vastly overpriced drinks and terrible service stay away
avoid ! dirty , filled with small kids , hostile hostess .
don't waste your time . they are unprofessional and don't take walk ins even though signage says it's welcome .
lash lift did not lift lashes at all and eyebrow tint was way darker than i asked for . extremely disappointed .
get the froyo forget the cupcakes that come in a mansion jar they're super dry hard .
i ordered fries and they had no salt on them . fail . enough said .
ripoff , thieves , liars . don't stand behind their repairs . do it yourself , or go someplace else .
nice staff . horrible noise pollution . very difficult to hear barista or place an order . turn music lower would help .
horrible customer service . seriously thinking of closing all accounts here and go to ufcu instead .
when i look at your webpage trying to read the menu , all the language is indonesian or some such language .
tried to go up here last week for the first time . closed . gone . damn !
stay away and don't believe anything they say . work is not done when promised .
horrible location , very difficult to find , even with directions . food was barely average .
worst service i've ever had ! i hope you take these comments into consideration because your staff is extremely rude .
while this is a cute little place with a trendy and inviting atmosphere , the prices are ridiculous !
horrible horrible horrible zero customer service . my husband has been waiting for oxygen compressor for a week . they suck .
the manicure was good , but there was a mouse running around the salon . i definitely will not be returning .
horrible business they wouldn't open because employee is sick lame excuse not to open up for business . there employoyees suck
regular or not , they don't care .
felt extremely nauseous after eating the coconut shrimp . will never order from here again .
horrible service , food not great and price is crazy high . don't waste your time and money at this place .
genesis was so rude at pick up she doesnt deserve to be there ! food was good ! worst service ever !
jerks were out of cookies . really wanted cookies today . i love a cookie at lunch time
not the most competent tim hortons . could not even complete a simple order . would not recommend
horrible service ! waited forever for a bottle beer and glass of chardonnay . totally disarray . o
awful meal . worse service .
totally backed up . three day wait for simple photocopying job . not worth bothering to visit in future .
for all the noise i've heard about this place i was not impressed , once will be quite enough for me .
are you kidding me ? expensive , low portions , lousy food ! ordered take out and threw it out . never again .
if i was able i would give thumbs down i would !
did the automatic wash , didn't work left a message . no reply no nothing do not spend any money there !
no walk in's so if your pet is sick go somewhere else . isnt that animal hospital for ?
worst imitation banh mi sandwich i ever had . only thing authentic was the french bread .
total ripoff . found my liquids online later on for over . cheaper . i was shocked . never going again
pure sh t hole . our waitress was literally high on meth . less than one star . run away
great service , strange ambiance , blah food , and overpriced . not really worth more desciption than that .
one cashier , slow prep workers , long lines . hire some more help . limited selection of pastries
burnt coffee . jam doughnuts with one dollop of jam blah
the worst oatmeal i've ever had . it's very dry instant oatmeal wow and yuk ! the blueberries were good .
poor seating arrangement no one to seat youordering slow , food delivery slow and food was mediocre mostly fried rice .
not able to save points from last year . given vague info about deadline to save or rescue points
dirty , small shop . rude , nasty experience . i won't be going back .
bad tasted drinks margarita and cocktail but the corn was yummy . but way too over priced for what it is .
slooooooooow . one cashier , a looong line , the store is a mess , and no help to be had .
terrible customer service multiple errors on orders . do yourself a favor , get a pizza somewhere else .
place was too warm to be comfortable on a hot day . also smelled like stale beer . bartender was nice .
rude service . screwed up my order . beware of prices . but their health warrior chia bars were very good .
chinese people eating in the dining room . you'd think the food would be better .
very rude and unprofessional staff . they don't appear to know what they are doing especially galling the boss
very slow service . there were people standing around with only one working . the fish sandwich tasted old .
hour drive thru not really open hours . apparently mcdonald's has its own understanding of how time works .
gross all around . the food , drinks and clientele . skip this spot , unless your broke i suppose .
staff are consistently rude and today didn't prepare my order correctly and in addition , overcharged me for it
i order boneless wing . i received boiled chicken breast with buffalo sauce . not appetizing in the slightest
good stuff . the girls are a little skanky and the soup kinda blows .
the original owner has sold the store it doesn't have the same authentic feel .
after making my husband and i wait m past our reservation , the restaurant suddenly ran out of food
okay place , the menu is thight , not lost of choices . it's okay for a beer and some peanuts
dropping science like galileo dropped an orange .
aka stefans ? closed ! i'm told there's an online store somewhere .
food so so . average thai . place doesn't look too clean two stars for good service and low prices .
this store is always out of food . no salads , no baked potatoes , and very long wait for service and food .
you have to wait for ages for cup of milk tea . it definetely does not . worth the price !
breaking news vape shop refuses to sell to trump supporter because he's racist great job guys
good food , but . poor management owner . not clean . just a gross establishment . keep walking !
can confirm , one star rating is well deserved . the staff here act like chicken with their heads cut off .
avoid this place at all cost . terrible food , even worse service , and completely unsanitary kitchen dining room .
love the food ! it's the staff especially the young lady with the pink mask at the door . very rude !
good dog nice cashier . way way stale bun . sucked . maybe they have low volume . lol . sucks .
horrible do not even consider it ! the owner is a pompous fool who has no respect for women . stay away !
i'm too devastated to share my story , but i will never allow them to touch another one of my pets . ever !
burgers are good but the music outside is always deafening ! must be their marketing strategy . they need a new strategy .
had the brisket sandwich . mostly fat on what appeared to be a hotdog bun . very disappointed .
if you like to have beer poured over you and a wrong order , then this is the place for you !
horrible experience . bad customer service . don't patronize . had high hopes and wanted the experience they promised .
this place is a madhouse . seemed pretty unorganized , multiple entrances etc . but . we did get a pretty good detail .
slow service . nothing special but more for the same dish pho at another place nearby .
rated one star only for its convenient location . the lowest quality of food .
it's cheap beer . but as long as you like pitbuls , you like it . someone had a pitbul in the bar
everything you could imagine that would make a bar terrible , all rolled into one place .
convention center parking gets an f . shuttle service inadequate with long waits . i expect more here .
it's a good concept of simulation but what happened with the classics people ! horizons !
the dive'iest of bars . stinks a bit . otherwise , great place to sit , drink , and play pool .
completely disorganized . drive thru line at night is absurd . inside is a mess too . management needs serious help here .
cool place to hang out , absolutely terrible wine . all of it tastes terrible . who drinks this ?
waited min . no waiter , no water , no menu , no service . was only full . needless to say i left .
these guys are really sleazy . they'll lie , work in coverages you didn't ask for , whatever . buyer beware ! go somewhere else .
very very rude and impolite employees and also our room was dirty and smelly ! don't even try .
they provide catering for my company . tastes like reprocessed prepared foods .
closed for party , too bad my kids we're looking forward to it . . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
bad experience overall , got kicked out over a phone call with no explanation don't come here i repeat don't come here !
fast , affordable , good for take out or lunch , nothing fancy .
poor customer sevice . no attention to details . messages left unanswered . go somewhere else
typical chain food . it was not too good or not too bad .
was okay . fried rice had no flavor , colored rice ? egg roll was tiny . most likely won't return
the first resort in world , no complimentary water at lest , even if book avery expensive villa
service was terrible . minutes no drink . we walked out . they really need to get their act together .
terrible service terrible food don't waste your time on this place go down the road to safari sams
terrible . will sell you an overpriced lemon of a vehicle . everything on the lot has issues . take your business elsewhere .
sorry , but if you don't order the special , don't bother . sauce is ok . nothing great to say . over priced . imho .
peppermint drinks all over the menu board and no peppermint on hand . come on starbucks it's the season !
the reptiles are extremely mistreated ! cohabitating , in completely wrong enclosures , access to toxic plants for an animal , unclean .
horrible food and insects every where i have been very sick every time i have ate there .
mighty mediocre is more like it . and the fries are those nasty crinkle cut ones from elementary school cafeterias . bleh
the beers off . price bourbon barrel series for which is overpriced . today was a disappointment .
all of them had their masks below their face . you work right across from the hospital .
very bad experience ! this might be the only restaurant in yvr international airport that don't accept apple pay or tab .
the chicken and waffles were amazing pero it literally took ninety minutes to get our food
fajita burrito was tasty . the rest was eh . go to the taco truck . any taco truck . better food , much cheaper .
i'm here , your people closed early because they don't want to serve anyone . stars
after disabling their support for the chick fil a app without showing these changes to customers i'm done dining here .
overpriced . greasy . lousy service . i do not recommend . the one pro spiked milkshakes !
i made a delivery order and i found multiple pieces of hair in my food . absolutely disgusting .
incredibly poor customer service . ask questions and receive insulting , offensive and racist responses in return . absolutely inexcusable . pick another company
alta is miserable . she doesn't give you a greeting . she gives you a death stare when you enter her lane .
very inconsistent , overcharges , takes advantage of the people who rely on it for daily life , would absolutely not recommend .
i got infection on my toe a day after ! worst nail salon ! unclean and unprofessional !
no customer service and rude workers with no answers and lack of knowledge and how to interact with people
awe full service pathetic staff ! they don't know how to talk to customers . food is pathetic too .
idiots charged me instead of . awful service do not go here unless you want to be screwed . !
awful service avoid at all cost if you value respect at all . needs to be shut down and demolished .
not worth any stars ! absolutely horrible customer service and phone system always broken .
pretty bland and boring food . prices are a bit steep for the quality
one of the worst manager and all false statements . never ever trust them . they're money before and after attitude
update they still have yet to be open any of the days times i've checked , all within their stated business hours .
the beautiful location does not make up for the poor service , average food and overpriced watered down drinks .
i was very disappointed . pizza was delivered burnt and cold . i would not recommend unless you eat there .
not even worth a single star . highly unprofessional , rude and offensive . people of color should stay away from her .
hair not once , but twice . ciao , neapoli .
save yourself the hassle . still waiting wks for refund after order never came through
food is great , but takeout times for two pizzas on a friday evening taking almost two hours is not great
horrible service and awful food . entitled servers and the food is horribly overpriced ! never go there again !
they need better workers because the ladies that work there are rude , they aren't helpful at all
food was awful , drinks just okay and very very overpriced , good single bar scene and that s about it
horrible service , semi cold draft beer and very overpriced ! microwave bacon hard eggs and cold potatoes wow !
the food smelled off , tasted off . we're throwing most of it out . not sure why all the good reviews ?
breakfast buffett with swampy gang saw one animal and food was horrible .
delivery is always slow , cold pizza and not responsive to customers . drive to the next closet papa gino's .
woman helping us was quite rude . good selection , but pricey .
how do you spell overrated , way too americanized chinese food . oh , right , p f c h a n g s .
in my opinion , there are better places to spend my money . pass .
slow and expensive . baristas seem more concerned with the heir conversations and being on their phones then doing their job .
the location is no longer kohr brothers , and the product definitely doesn't taste as good .
nice people , pleasent smelling hand soap but an impossibly loud a c unit . for quality of sleep , definatly look elsewhere .
long wait and then they where out of almost everything waitress with the ugly yellow hair was so rude
unprofessional and unsanitary food is not served fresh lady tried to sell me something cold
closed ! there was a for rent sign on the window . yelp needs to update this location .
this place need to close down and get never workers and new food truck . terrible taste of everything
the cashier and front girl were arguing . the manger didn't have gloves on . don't go waste of a lunch break .
she is the crankiest , rudest , most unprofessional shop owner i've ever met .
they are selling undercooked food . they should be shut down asap ! !
this place is good until you have a customer complaint . they will never ever take your side . beware .
pork was all gristle , order was made wrong twice , flavor was off , just ended up tossing it . skip it
this place has gone downhill . terrible service and food is subpar . female bartender is rude and dismissive . skip this place .
very disappointed . got a gel french manicure and it already started chipping not even a week later .
misleading menu boards then employees will argue with you even though they know you are right .
the naan with nuts and raisins was good but the rest of the buffet just tastes like hot pepper .
the past times i've ate here made me sick and throw up . i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone
screw blanchards . anyone who enjoys live music knows why .
weird menu , sub par quality for the price . i won't go back .
these guys just don't give a crap about anyone in their restaurant . straight up disrespectful .
kings is cool but very expensive . need to bring a lot of money and plan on leaving broke
they changed their staff and what would have taken minutes now takes . update still slow af
good environment but food service could use a major facelift . make the normal menu available during brunch !
seriously aggressive panhandlers at the front door . i feel bad passing them by , but gotta feed myself first .
with a groupon this is still one expensive car wash . definitely not a car detail !
give me a break , think women don't know about deals . not flexible and give low low offer on trade in
if you like watered down margaritas and soft tacos made of cardboard , this place is for you .
worst customer service this woman receiving calls needs to be fired no ethics seriously
really slow service . sub par bloody . breakfast burrito was delicious .
what the fuck is the point of a mobile order if it's literally never ready when you get there ?
drove down here , paid to park to find out they closed early for an event . very disappointed .
why do we still have them washington state ended them oh i forgot oregon is a money grubber desperate
very little knowledge of the services offered through whatever carrier service they apparently have here .
the food here is pretty good , but after a few visits the service has proven disappointing .
mediocre food , but friendly service . price is pretty cheap too for boston .
won't let me schedule an appointment online and the the phone number doesn't work . seriously awful service .
they stopped carrying propane tanks the week before the th of july . seriously ? you're home depot !
awful customer service , crazy owner who attacked my character after i had complaints . never again !
this place has potential . the drinks were on point but the pizza was not good at all . they must do better .
dingy little joint . very hipster . okay food .
not a fan of this place . with so many choices on canal street , why waste your time here ?
the fried chicken wings are cold . no flavour . expensive . service was slower than i prefer .
facility is nice but be aware of ghetto members
garage service and drivers the ruined my delivery . why would sam's club use such a weak company
non responsive . wont return phone calls or messages . unreachable when you need him and won't get back to you . avoid .
terrible . lost packages , and packages they receive in the am sometimes go unacknowledged until the evening . super inconvient .
got a salad togo with blackened chicken and the salad was soggy and tasted like cigarettes . not cool !
hated it ! this place has out dated over price crap . that's my story and i'm sticking to it .
terrible hostess that neglected us completely and let other parties that reserved min after us
updated
do yourself a huge favor and don't ever consider moving here . the staff is nice but not helpful .
disappointed . the menu and potions have shrunk . eat at your own risk . it's not what it used to be .
good deal on food but no reservations they make people wait while several empty tables
do not come in at night came in first time and my chicken was burned and dry . will not return .
service pretty much sucks here the management need to focus on customer service and not pass on the blame
ordered paneer wrap and pudina paneer kebab . they gave chicken in both . lady who took order was so rude . terrible !
food was bad , prices were high , service lacking . sad , we really need good resturants in dripping
mediocre food and disenchanted service . not sure where all the positivity comes from .
mediocre food . clean , nice environment . food lacked flavor and was overpriced , has potential !
beware there is a charge on all togo orders ! would of been nice if they would tell rhe customer .
disappointed in how hard the crust was . not one to write reviews but will not be going back
i was not impressed with the chicken wings here . not sure what all the hype was about .
what you expect from a brewery . nothing great .
after waiting over minutes without acknowledgement , i left . no water . no waitress . no eye contact . i won't be returning .
terrible . i just left the store and there is like zero inventory . such a waste of time .
slow service , average food . too pricey for what it is . waitress clueless . tough chicken in over salted sauce .
not worth the trip . low cost of entry but everything inside is an upsell .
dirty , dark , barely passable facilities .
don't bother bringing your bible . the only book you need white awake by daniel hill
this bank has the worst customer service ! i think there might be only one person working at this bank .
had a . sandwich . too much bread , very little meat , veggies , etc . customer service is mediocre .
this burgerville is not very good . food is consistently not hot and the service is slow .
thanks for blocking half the music on the touch tunes juke box . we're glad the owner apparently hates country music !
not great . ranch and blue cheese were drippy i wouldn't recommend this place . to anyone .
ordered the chicken parmesan and mushroom ravioli last night and it came with a side helping of food poisoning . ugh .
weak menu . average service . only perk is the view and convenience when staying at the resort . not worth it .
would not recommend . times was rescheduled for quote . no shows . horrendous experience . look elsewhere if at all possible .
tried this last night and disappointed . bland taste and ginger sauce was served cold .
worst burger i've ever had . well . what do you expect from a place started by a movie star ?
food was not good . wait was long . cashier was rude . not the best experience . would not try again .
greek feta chicken salad . . one piece of tomatoes , two olives , thin slice of feta with cream dressing .
read about the years of sexual abuse at this school . teachers were protected over young girls complaints . time's up !
seized by the tax man . east austin locaiton is closed .
worst restaurant i've ever been to . took forever for food and drinks . the servers ignore you and never clean tables .
the front desk guy was pretty rude to me . he was busy but didn't have to act like that
terrible food ! it looked sloppy and disgusting . i called and wrote a complaint no one ever followed up .
i sincerely hope this company has been shut down . do not use these charlatans . town country movers
very disorganized . the scheduled pickup took minutes because someone 'took' my item .
their sauce is terrible . its dirty in there . the food was cold and terrible . i am never coming back
over cook burnt food service time took mins i will not return to restaurant . my waitress didn't speak english
too bad , service and food was substandard . are the new owners aware ?
i have eaten here for five times . it's really nothing special but was convenient . unfortunately , they lack consistency .
bland and unremarkable . when we asked for to go containers they wanted to charge us . each . cool outside seating though .
an hour wait to get baggage after flight ? i have always thought better of jet blue but this is ridiculous !
they over charge despite of the customers . they don't give a damn about their customers . they need to close
lousy food , cold food , worst service you could imagine . do yourself a favor , stay away .
i lived there for two years , big mistake they only care for money and have no decency !
i already wrote a review about these people . for some reason it came into mind again . beware of sociopaths
the ambiance of allegro cafe is pleasant . but the coffee service just doesn't cut it .
the only thing guaranteed at this location is they will completely screw up your order .
i don't understand all the fuss about this place . there are so many better restaurants to go to in atlanta .
days later and my not purple polish was peeling off in sheets .
most boring burrito ever sever by a grumpy waitress with no chips . place should be called meh ! meh ! meh !
beer is very good . food is poor airport food . looks like they buy some packaged meal and heat it up .
hour wait . burnt pizza , uncooked wings and forgot part of our order . avoid at all cost
not that great for momo's . wouldn't recommend when there are so many better places nearby
this place is good if you like bland noodles and duck that tastes way too gamey . blah .
food is always mushy . overpriced for no reason . it's a bunch of basic dishes . just a basic place in general
food poisoning the weekend of july th , chef reported this twice and still no contact from corporate . i'm just stunned .
gross . my husband got food poisoning from the brisket taco . will never go again . overrated anyway .
yeah , ah no good , chicken saltimboca , medalions of chicken it's a whole breast , tough , not good . way too expensive .
this place is gross . rooms smell bad and everything feels icky . i checked in and out an hour later
stay away if you value your business or personal info
very expensive restaurant , food is not good either , i went there with two friends and paid
they need to fix their freezers , the ice cream had both ice crystals and runnyness from being in properly cold .
what a rude f k . below average sandwich , not worth dealing with the prick at the register .
breakfast here was decent , though overpriced . i think you can experience better breakfast elsewhere . i look forward to trying lunch .
waited min for food . terrible service . pretty sure they had to kill the damn animal first
literally the slowest fast food restaurant in the history of fast food . the employees be taking their time .
charge to send funds for home equity loan ?
vegetablekarahi is an utter fail ! i am not spending money for frozen packet of veggies cooked in tasteless tomato gravy !
we were double charged for drinks . the drinks weren't mixed well . the music selection was monotonous .
i have it in lafayette , literally . mbs top speed ! you can't even load youtube with it !
garbage . frozen vegetables , tasteless brown glop , soggy hijiki . poor even for the price .
run your heavy trucks thru my neighborhood just as fast as you can barely missing kids ? expect some bad reviews .
bait and switch pricing . locker room smells like a poorly maintained hs gym .
mediocre food . terrible service and weak drinks . we will not be going back to trace again ! disappointing !
absolutely the worst food ! i really wish i would have read the reviews before eating here . waste of money !
website said open at pm . showed up at but the doors were locked and nobody was inside .
this delightful nook is permanently closed now the store has bee stripped of all stock , appliances and counters chairs
stay away . bunch of doctors that went to med school in the carribean . trying to hustle . seek second opinions
horrible smell inside . stays on your clothes and makes you smell like trash all day .
the waiter gave my mom a hard time switching table as her english wasn't very good .
horrible customer service from check in to the hostess . the waiter was ok . however the food was very good .
this motel was dirty and smelled really bad . the staff was unfriendly and rude . i do not recommend this place .
yuck . watching kitchen worker scratch her head and then touch food without washing her hands . leaving and not eating . disgusting .
sooooo incredibly slow . i've been in line for minutes . i wouldn't say this is fast food .
pedo zone ! be warned ! save your time and check out royale or icon instead .
seriously . they are going to serve burnt crust ? i would expect better from panera bread .
worst experience ever . sat for minutes with no acknowledgement from any server . ended up walking out . the worst .
the food was very bland . the bartender couldn't make an italian margarita . we will not return to cheddars .
ordered here for the first time . disappointed . food was bland . on the plus side loved the hushpuppies .
parking lot was scary . none of the lights were on . didnt see security either . wont return . didnt feel safe .
terrible customer service . mediocre pizza . treated my elderly father disrespectfully .
don't step into this dealership . pathetic losers , incompetent and no knowledge of the vehicles they are selling . ya dog
be ware of the people inside . the dancers will take your money once they get you in a vulnerable place .
terrible service , mediocre food , and no wifi . why do i keep giving this place chances ? i think i'm done .
very poor service . the customer service and staff are not really helpful . they really deserve a star rating .
the atmosphere is nice , but the food and service is mediocre . there are much better restaurants downtown .
this place is ridiculously unprofessional ! they lost my ticket and craftmanship was trash ! do not go here !
inside and out for a little nissan altima is uuuunnaacceptable especially when during the times of covid
i've got nothing but disgust for the infamous upper crust . never again !
new owner years ago they close at now not . renovated
disappointed with food but service was alright . the mussel was cold and taste bad . the blue cheese was good .
food was lacking in taste , atmosphere was average , and washrooms were post apocalyptic .
its supposed to be a fine dining . the food was ok , hmmm mediocre not great ! might not visit again !
not sure what to say when there's hair in my food . i'm a regular here but maybe not anymore
can i rate ? family reservation for lunch , minutes later , food hasn't arrived yet
poor service slow service no leadership at this restaurant
another place outside of ny that thinks they can disguise disgusting pizza by making large pies . well , you cant .
not so good . szechuan sauce was almost ketchupy tasting despite ordering extra spicy .
too bad that it did not work ! only that . yorki got free grooming from me
horrible ! poor customer service , fries were fried x times , disgusting and chicken was raw ! rude staff !
overpriced , unfriendly , rude , and dont ask questions they dont know the answers , buy somewhere else , i think the clerk was on something
expensive and they leave too many details , i took my car three times to correct .
bunch of con artists . seriously , stay away unless your cool with getting ripped off .
updated review really liked this place at first . has steadily gone down hill . very disappointing .
it was ok . i probably won't go back . food was ok nothing great .
megan was rude , tried to rush me while taking my order . cheese on sandwich wasn't even melted . crappy experience !
horrible customer service ! beyond belief bad customer service . the young woman that waited on me was hostile and rude .
years ago this place rocked . today , yuck . omelets overcooked . hash browns we're inedible . service just awful . make another choice .
the sweet tea was good , but to call it a authentic mexican restaurant is totally wrong the food was disgusting !
breakfast tacos are okay and horchata is delicious . their queso is gritty because it is powdered cheese .
food wasn't that good . i don't see all the hype . service was slow . we had to keep flagging people down .
minutes in the drive thru sloppy frisco melt rude customer service . never going back
great atmosphere and decor . service is absolutely horrible and food is mediocre at best .
i would not recommend working with front page realty . i echo previous thoughts they are unethical , as well as disrespectful .
the slowest service . do not think of this as fast food by any means . the restaurant and bathrooms are dirty .
very bad service . a waitress called ming in charge is very rude . and the food taste o k . very disappointed .
average mexican food , nothing special .
portions are getting smaller and smaller lines are always long so you know they aren't hurting for money
poor service and avg food for the price . waiter was inattentive , will not be going back .
blan and overpriced . i wasn't impressed and won't be going back .
sushi rice is gummy . salmon not fresh . the service was good . but i definitely won't come back !
minutes for burnt pad woon sen . seriously . how do you burn a noodle dish ? ! unbelievably bad .
the city of atlanta shows that ecco failed their health inspection and received a score of u
there entire staff seemed that they wanted to be anywhere else but there . pizza was mediocre
the wings are good , the service is slow , the food comes out cold . i was very disappointed !
don't go here if you have celiac's . the waitress we had didn't take my allergy seriously .
not amazed by this location . service was unacceptable and disappointing , easily puts wingstop in shame .
the room is freezing in one spot and degrees in another also there is barely any parking .
horrible service . horrible food . horrible everything . loud children , inattentive service , cold bad food . never again !
nothing special . i've been in starbucks with more atmosphere . it was like a library with drinks . very quiet drinks .
bouncers are amateur hour . should be working at burger king and not a decent joint .
ordered a chicken poor boy . barely any chicken and the sandwich looked as though it was crushed .
poor quality burgers meat undone , roll soggy waitress very nice but i wouldn't recommend this restaurant
the hostesses and waitresses have some of the worst attitudes . at least pretend like you enjoy your job .
i've always liked suki hanna , but when i went there today there was hair on my ice cream , disgusting .
it's a terrible place with terrible management . broken promises and lots of crime . don't live here
super busy and sub par service . big portions but lacks flavor . it's a hard pass for me .
scary right wing nutjob . should not have chased away that girl .
wouldn't let me in . wasn't that drunk . why does this place even have a bouncer ?
horrible service . waiter was stoned i guess . messed up every order . smoky joint too . bad . skip this hole .
worst cupcakes ever ! very dry and no flavor . will not return .
they added an additional . of fees to my bill for days rental .
i would rather eat out of the dumpster in the parking lot . every aspect of this resturaunt was miserable .
no excuses , now . went back , they still suck . next !
below average food , surly and slow service , save your money
msg poisoned at the moment after a pretty good bowl of pho bummer , will not return .
we've been standing at the front waited to be seated for minutes and literally nobody even acknowledged us .
terrrrrible . really dumb and glacial service . mediocre food . much better places even on the same city block .
employees not wearing masks . all had masks under nose or as chin guard . it's a corona party .
slow delivery . waited for hours for the order come ! bad delivery service ! it sucks !
no ! it's all bob evans restaurants . tipp city service was no different .
no consistency , served stale bread with pav bhaji , didn't get idli order for mins , they forgot about it .
i hate the new on line system ! have been a unitus customer for years . will be closing my accounts !
they are not organized for take out , unfortunately lose orders . still supporting local restaurants !
very bad service . i ordered birthday cake they delivered cut pieces . its very expensive too .
honestly . there a plenty of cheaper ways to die . but if you are looking for effeciency , this will do .
their business is modeled after the fourth circle of hell .
this place had another fire and is closed , and i believe it's really gone for good this time .
machines rarely work and one employee there is a total ass . i'm an unlimited monthly user , why ? no clue
this is the slowest drive thru everrrr . they don't get the drinks right half the time either .
worst service for pharmacy ever . they never know what's going on . never have prescriptions in stock . don't waste your time .
truly terrible thai food sickly sweet , boring , stingy on the meat , and dreadfully overpriced
i was underwhelmed . its an unblended mix of cambridge goths , yuppies cutting loose , gayness , and depressing alcoholics .
girl at front has a bad hair cut . don't come here . especially if you are wearing a onesie
customer service in the service car repair part is horrible . wishing i never purchased an extended warranty through them .
horrible horrible worst benny eggs i have tried slow service bad food presentation not going again
illegally violates their tenant's rights by denying them their legal rights to break a lease . would not recommend .
best airport option . but for one crab cake . have a look . airport premium or what !
disgusting . terrible , we all got very sick after tonight's dinner . will not make this mistake twice !
would love to have tried the fro yo but they up and closed early last night
adequate but not more . ok if you are late for your tee time and out of cigars .
i got s cheeseburger . the burger was bland and there was too much bread . i didn't even finish it .
slow service , there is a whole bunch can of people behind the counter but one one register open .
disappointing for a deluxe pedicure . massage was weak . salt scrub was an afterthought . would not recommend .
terrible food , the meat was chewy and tasteless . can't believe this place has stars . complete waste of money !
austin tx abc sat eve worst watched enough to confirm then on to less time wasting thigs
beware ! after . months of not fixing my mower they would not return unless i paid them a ransom
the chinese chicken salad is awful at the airport location . service was equally bad as well .
i called the other day and left a voicemail . never got a call back . i guess they don't want business ?
i got food poisoning from your pork sandwitch . never will eat here again .
food average service very slow . prices average
meh . bar . beer . live music . good location . pitchers . good . meh . it's fine .
my gels chipped within days not impressed
food was okay . but what restaurant doesn't do separate checks for a large table ? ! this is , folks !
food was awesome , service sucked came in first and checked on last . server barely came to my table .
i hate this theatre they suck and their personnel should be wiped off the face of this planet . enough said
average food , all with a lot of sugar in it . portions are quite big , but the risotto was terrible !
i really don't like going here . mall shops are cliche' , would like to see better quality clothing stores .
the food is ok , but the place is so nasty ! i wouldn't come back again !
my wife had to stop going because she was being sexually harassed by a practitioner nick .
the food was stale and smelly . we had stomach upset . will never order there again .
so many better asian restaurants to enjoy ! the food here was cold , old and lacked flavor . what a bad dinner .
terrible rude people . and my hot cocoa wasn't that good either . how could you possibly mess up hot cocoa ?
coffee was stale and the service was mediocre . will not be coming back here . location also difficult to find .
just a quick observation hot prepared foods in jamaica plain store needs help . always the same and not very good !
overpriced . food is mediocre at best . go for the view and drinks don't recommend eating there .
extremely overpriced . stay away ! will not call them again .
bollywood grill has closed . it has been replaced by another indian restaurant called saffron .
meh . its applebee's . you should know what to expect . i just wish they would more vegetarian meals .
i cannot believe this clerk is still there ! he clearly hates his job and life in general . horrible customer service .
food is wonderful but mgmt communication is horrible .
i wish they serve dishes more similar to japan , with a great variety of fresh fish .
meh . my food was cold last time i went . there're definitely better places than mother's for brunch in portland .
lguy who answered the phone was a sarcastic jackass . i don't need your business .
warning credit card fraud . they changed my tip amount . reported to corporate and to my bank .
this place is absolutely disgusting . chinese people that work there also are super rude . dirty and sticky floors and seats .
sandwich was very expensive to be minimal roast beef with more bread than meat for ! right .
no parking spots expensive textbooks and food student resource centers does not serve the students well
the wifi does not allow ssh access . so if you're a programmer , the wifi is practically nonexistent .
faded . spotty . was supposed to be magnolias in black . i have never received one compliment . not one .
stale chips , small portions . better off paying a little extra and going to condados or el vaquero .
well they aren't open at on wednesday morning so star for wasting my time . update your yelp listing !
super easy convenient parking however one of the ladies who works the window is incredible rude .
gross , squishy , salty , terrible hot sauce , burrito was soggy and floppy and fell apart .
minute wait for macaroni cheese not a good look at dinner time . plan better management !
gross save your time . everyone's meal in my group was over cooked . go to outback or anywhere else .
i used to work here i'm glad they closed up they treat their employees worse than s !
this location has been on a downhill slide for awhile now . avoid evening . or carry out .
horrible customer service . they should be ashamed for the way they treat their customers .
worst service and poor employee attitudes . this isn't a covid thing it has been this way since they opened .
expect at least a one hour wait to pick up a pre booked car . the service level is woefully shocking .
rude service ! not all schlotzsky's are the same !
this place just sells glazed bread . don't waste your money here , go to pei wei if you want quality chicken .
not a shop for women . ignored . no ladies jerseys or shorts .
i don't recommend this place , slow service and not sure how they passed the osha inspection . saw cockroaches !
they clean their oven with the same mop they use on the floor . 'nuf said .
would not recommend , after minutes after placing my order i was served raw chicken .
deluxe pedicure resulted in polish that didn't set and was a mess hours later . won't return .
why does groupon continue to sell inferior services despite repeated complaints ?
shrugs it's alright , i had no problems . then again , maybe i'm low maintenence . everything was alright though .
no salsa for my to go order and customers were wandering around without masks .
was not impressed . our meat and cheese platter did not have cheese on it amongst other things wrong .
the only place where you will straight up spend on chicken fingers for the family . overpriced . not worth it !
this is not good chowder at all and is way overpriced . they really need to step up their game .
liked it the first time . the second time we were extremely disappointed . tasted like reheated leftovers .
apparently they are not serving ice water . explanation is machine isn't producing it .
ordered a extra larger pizza and got toppings for a small . barely tasted the meats . also , was cold .
their responses are even unprofessional . thanks for the reviews guys ! you saved me !
don't waste your time stopping . they don't have what they advertise , and don't answer the call button .
slow service . i used to come here years ago , including their previous location . the food was better then . very disappointing .
garbage pho , asked for steak on the side got charged an extra . or . and never received it .
used to love this place , but just had the worst pedicure . rushed , hurt , and looks terrible . very disappointed .
not a smile or a polite employee in house . got the job done but could work on customer service .
absolute and complete total fucking ripoff . exchange rates ridiculously higher than official rates plus an exchange fee commission . never again .
no provolone , no swiss and no mozzarella . clearly not one of their well managed locations .
huge line and american sized in original style pasta . save your time and money and eat at home .
it seems the pizza was made with a ready to use frozen dough . very disappointing and expensive .
disappointed . great atmosphere and excellent coffee that's about it . breakfast was bland at best .
their hound you until death bill collecting phone number is kyle texas . answer with a scream .
subpar , over priced , bacon is very dry and is clearly not freshly made . coffee is watered down .
the worst customer service ever ! called corporate office still waiting for a return call .
kinda pricey based on its proportion . service was ok .
unprofessional ! they agree to catering job and cancelled on me saying they decide unable to do it !
not worth it . nearby steamboat coffee and also blackrock on powell nd much better alternatives .
the worst customer service you would expect . things here ain't cheap and they treat you like trash .
the worst mexican restaurant in the square . chain like and not good flavors . only upside is they have booths . go elsewhere .
the view is lovely , service was good but eggs benedict was very bland . the muffin was supermarket variety . too bad .
artsy yes . regarding flavor underwhelming . would not visit again . nice atmosphere and nice staff .
service was horrible bathroom was disgusting . bartenders were slow . took me an hour to get a drink .
do not come here highly unprofessional horrible service incompetent staff there's better dentist out there
we waited for so long . a party walked in who apparently knew the owners got seated right away .
worst food ever don't waste your money here go else where i regret wasting . for a tasteless meal
the quality aregoing downward , especially the sashimi . people who have been in there know what i saying
hello ther space is nice but loud more bar space than dinner tables . lacks a good bar menu
please improve management , cleanliness and hospitality ! it is always so disappointing and nothing improves ! great location but terribly under whelming !
this is a vile existence . slop on a plate . don't go here you will question humanities existence .
great food but you used to get way mor for your money . now it's just overpriced samples .
sports authority is like a poor man's dicks . but with the same prices .
ordered the beef short ribs . not very tasty , undercooked , and of course over spiced with the hot peppers .
worst sushi i've had in vancouver . rice is always overcooked and the vegetarian selection , even for noodles , is poor .
the burgers don't look like burgers anymore . what happened to their burgers ?
i got sick for days after i ate here . never going back .
purchased a gift card , then told they can't be used for purchase . can it be more ridiculous ?
overpriced overproduced food . great concept with poor execution . shouldn't food taste good ?
shrimp burned twice and took forever . front end is friendly , but kitchen needs a lot of work .
super rude ass person answering the phone ! weeks out for service . screw this place
wow you wanted for a bowl of noodles ! we ate it . we were hungry and it was a tummy choice .
nasty and rude . the customer service is the worst ! find another spot because they really care not to help you .
awful service . i've been in the take out line for minutes ! the guy behind me has started yelling haha
great ice cream but too expensive for ice cream . can get some unusual flavors .
this location simply sucks . i went there many times , service is very bad .
well i think my optometry test was a failure , the prescription turned out not very accurate for reason
so disappointed the pizza had canned tomatoes instead of fresh when requested . dough tasted like cardboard
food is great . service is terrible . the woman working the window doesn't have time for you !
stay away unless your desperate for bad food , this place is not good . overcooked burger and very tasteless . major avoid !
they did not honor my groupon even though their directives and the ones i had online were different . very disappointing .
don't go there worse place ever bunch of layers unprofessional rude winter garden store is the worse
went by saturday , jan . th , pm , and they were closed . grrrr . saturday afternoon in harvard sq and they're closed ! ?
received of the flowers i paid for . will not use this company again .
their ramen is shin ramyun one kind of instant noodle , which is . bag in walmart . their service is pretty good though .
the worst place ever . the food doesn't taste good .
awful . don't even bother . totally do half ass cleans . not worth it .
overrated , dirty , crowded . no credit cards . very slow service . i can't understand the . stars .
what gas station doesn't sale lottery ? texan market is so much better much friendlier employees
i can't believe how bad the food was today at this restaurant . don't bother going here and wasting your money .
this place is the worst . every time i've gone in here they've been rude and slow and just unhelpful .
oreillys here gives zero help . four people were standing around and nobody asked me for help .
dirty . smelly . canned goods over a year old . this place acts like there's nobody running the show .
took overnight to fix a flat tire . staff while friendly is obviously overworked . hire more people !
sub par food , sub par service . first and last time we go there . blah !
not good . super long wait . pictures look good but not in person . i just got my money back .
also , when working with a customer , you should never say , hold up , while you answer a text .
chorizo breakfast sandwich was solid but not great , sausage breakfast sandwich was pretty intense and not good .
i message the person that responded to my bad experience , but i did not receive a response back .
food is dreary , place smells like cleaning fluid , a dive .
i walked in ordered a soy beef rice noodle , not much favor , couldnt finish it . maybe not come back in the future
parking prices even when validated are very overpriced not worth driving to at all .
witnessed another assault by employees against customers at this location . shocking but shocking anymore
disappointed with the quality and taste of my meal . pancakes were dry ! not worth what i paid .
horrible place . i really don't know how they stay in business
crazy expensive ice cream with not the friendliest service in the hood . very instagram tho
nice service . ramen is ordinary without extra . extraordinary , get it ? !
ordered orders for takeout . no eating utensils or napkins . guess we'll just scoop with our hands
can someone please move this dump to burnside and nd where it belongs , or better yet out to rockwood . jesus .
poor costomer service . refuse . to deliver miles from store location
horrible food . disappointing . buffet had limited options and was not worth the money .
not a good place to eat at . raw and stale food . horrible management , never a good choice , waste of money
disappointing that this opened on belmont . big portions but flavorless , boring , unauthentic food
very bad service . a guy called steve a came and was promoting insurance fraud , very unethical business . they hire criminals .
food was just ok had the huevos rancheros . the potatoes were underdone . service was slow .
guy with the glasses fukin around with almost everyone . don't fell comfortable going in !
algae in fountains yucky egg foo young
mr . donair is officially closed as of december st .
incredibly expensive . nice ambience , but for a martini is unbelievable . not worth a trip .
worst coffee i've ever had . it's been that way for years . thin and watery . why can't they make good coffee ?
infested with mice . we saw multiple mice throughout our dinner back and forth between downstairs and upstairs all evening .
tool way to long to make my food . really bad service . bad value . too long . too long .
i had the doro chicken tibs . the chicken was cooked good but it was very oily . homey place .
do all places jack up their prices cause its fathers day ? havent eaten yet but com'on
this store has no carts good deals that i usually walk out on .
if you want to have a dinner in the dark . this is the place . imagine i couldn't read the menu .
aweful service . the staff seemed uninterested and snappy , and the joint seemed dirty . will not be going again .
as you can see from their response to previous review , they are proving my point . they are completely unprofessional and rude .
worest service has . i bought passt . the car under warranty . they not won't to fixed
stopped in for takeout ignored for minutes before i finally walked out . no hellos or goodbyes . goodbye .
update gave this location another chance . stopped there at breakfast . guess what ? out of coffee .
i will never come back . rude and sarcastic bartender , this nothing close to hospitable .
i came to this place from time to time , until i ordered the salad today . see the photos attached . gross .
horrible service . food was mediocre . definitely avoid this place .
terrible . very bad wings . they were good when they first opened but they went downhill fast . yuck .
the entire experience was mediocre . food was slightly better than long john silvers . service was unattentive .
great place for drinks if theres a special . food is always below average on several occasions .
love to give constructive criticism , so i'll just bite my tongue . it'll probably taste better than the food .
nasty over priced . charge extra for yum yum . food taste rubbery . goto hibachi express . on mcnaught rd by she'll
teriyaki sticks were very burnt and dry and the chicken fried rice was just ok ! overall not pleased !
southwest airlines sucks and they never show that they care for making you late all the time on every flight
assholes own this place , don't pay their contractors . karma is a bitch , mosquitoes are your plague .
the girl who does the paperwork with the backwards hat legit fuckin' stinks
well , the employee on the phone says that they don't have a fax machine , not for omigod , forever .
bed bugs . i was bitten at the salon . i have called the city and complained about this place .
don't bother . the food is mediocre at best and costs double what it should . ambiance is very nice though .
meh . got a salad and they left all the fixings off . basically lettuce with a burger .
worst customer service ever . billed for unnecessary procedures and only advice given was 'if you don't you won't go home'
bathrooms are disgusting . the food mediocre . the music was too loud . no need to ever come back .
bad food . greasy , salty , unoriginal italian food . i miss tivolis
worse delivery ever never came with can of coke and the doordash driver was a asshole
i'm a big fan of burgerfi ordinarily but the wait here was terrible considering the restaurant was empty .
nice environment but the service is abysmal . love the hotel but a new lounge would do wonders
awful pizza and wings . nuff said !
cold ribs , but replaced with fresh new plate , but still dry . salad wasn't fresh , but wine was cheap !
i ordered the chicken fried rice pad thai noodles .
beware ! the owners have very bad attitude . they act like they are doing you a favor if you eat there .
horrible customer service of this location . couldn't even be bothered to it knowledge my presence
meh . slow service . mediocre food and apparently , no hot water .
awful . food is never warm . looks like it has been left out
rude staff . do not try and make an event here . your requests will get pushed to the side .
why aren't they wearing gloves ? . answering calls , handling money and making pizzas . i'm just saying .
too pricey . i had some fun , but i don't really view bowling as a dollar activity .
the customer service is horrible and it takes forever for the food to come out plus the drinks .
cheated on the cheese rd time . a teaspoon of cheese will not cover the meat .
i think i'd rather have a dog fart in my face then do any kind of business here
sorry not so much impressed . draft beers too fruity . menu limited . service spotty . have to admit we didnt eat ,
cortado with oversteamed milk not that appropriately steamed milk would've saved the very sour coffee
good food pathetic service . waited hrs for my food before walking out hungry .
wifi has been broken for weeks and unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any resolution considering it's remotely managed .
drove almost hours to tried there pinchos , to my surprise they ran out of pinchos . totally unexcusable . very disappointed
it's mid february and my nails still haven't fully recovered . what a waste and an awful place !
worst service i have ever experienced i've been here for a hour and still haven't been served !
sitting at banfield waiting for receptionist since now make your own decision
got a message from this place to see if i would reconsider my review , not happening !
i love this branch , but it's basically always understaffed . average wait is to minutes !
columbia does not compete well in the outdoor apparel world . i recommend patagonia and the north face .
their service is awful . the employees hang around doing nothing . took our order incorrectly .
unbelievably bad service . mediocre food . good chips and salsa . the staff seems overwhelmed with a half empty restaurant .
tourist spot . food wasn't that great . a little over priced bar food .
small portions for the high prices . but did include rice . ordered the kapow but it mostly just tasted like jalapenos .
worst wendy's i've been to . always out of product , order always incorrect , i've waited minutes before in line
good food , but they don't split cards or checks . without getting in big trouble . it's , split checks .
yes margarita , carne asada taco , carnita taco , cubano gordita , chorizo fundido no jerk taco
crappy choices , waiter for many tables , no time to answer questions , unhealthy food .
took me over minutes to get my food , service was ok , food was less than desirable .
do not pay them any money . they send out fake bills to companies hoping they get paid . total scam !
pretentious cook that would not substitute mushroom for anything else . potatoes undercooked and overpriced food . negative experience overall .
got it from grubhub , old fish . tried to feed it to the dog . dog didn't like it either .
nachos were awful . wings were eh . chowder was good . was definitely overpriced , should of went across the street to turners .
there are much better places in town that will charge less , be more polite , and provide equal quality
third worst place in medford to get a sub or food !
food was good . service was rude and unprofessional . server complained about my sister to co worker within earshot of my sister .
delicious pizza but they took hours to deliver it ! is it really worth that long ? i don't think so
the service at this restuarantwas terrible . very rude manager i do not recommend this as a nice place to eat
terrible ! didnt have butter and got my order wrong twice in the same sitting . would not recommend this location .
absolutely awful ! the pizza tasted like cardboard with poor service . bathrooms were dirty . would never go back
stunning in its lack of energy . waited forever for food . drive through supremely sluggish .
the advertise on yelp that you don't need credit . false publicity !
the vision center never ever picks up the phone !
cool concept . but for a half hour is ridiculous . service is good and staff is friendly
sent another e mail to waxy's still no reply oh well guess this chain just dose not care !
i have never had a good meal here , and believe me i've tried .
the food is horrible , service is bad and the place is just shady . mochi tasted so fake .
they ran out of hot dogs in the sixth inning at separate food stands . great planning .
most of the dishes are just plain not good . service always nice
tiny burgers , boring fries . for the two of us . we both agreed . waste of calorie consumption .
incompetent buffoons . running a f ing business with non perishable stock should not be difficult , but here we are . and that's all , folks .
not pleasant at all . saw an employee in the kitchen eating with food prep gloves . will not be back .
this location sucks , go to the one on anderson . or just come here , and hate the food . your call
food was decent at the time . however , ended up getting very bad food poisoning about hours after the meal .
this place is always cheating and doing trick to charge you annual contract even if you are over a year .
i got pad thai and found hair on the noodles . the water tasted bad . i won't go here again .
nice location and decent presentation but nothing had flavor . mexican theme but no mexican would eat this .
there is one outlet throughout the entire store . 'nuff said
i will be going to wal mart pharmacy from now on . i just tossed my cvs cards in the trash .
they closed at pm . i called at and the bartender said since it was dead they already closed .
so freaky fast they forget to put mayonnaise on the bread when you're the only customer in the building .
have been twice and wont go back . its basically fast food italian . don't waste your money
minutes away and they will not deliver to my zipcode . very disappointing .
extremely disappointing ! only tomatoes and cucumbers ! steak wasn't very good either ! i'll never order from them again !
really disliked this place . bad quality , bad service , bad overall . never to return here !
it took thirty minutes to get one simple taco . really ? i'll save my time for better tacos service .
um . yeah . friendly ? yes . competent ? i agree with all the other star comments . upper management should be ashamed .
after new management the food quality has greatly declined . pizza was dry and hard , front cashier guy was very friendly .
worst wings ever . bad tv set up . bathrooms disgusting .
horrendous service . lasted mintues before we decided to go somewhere else . rude !
unfortunately they don't deliver to my address which is only miles away . not even through grubhub
still meh . downgrading as they no longer have a website . it's folks . . plain disappointing .
the products are good , but their staff doesn't seem to recognize lines or work the register correctly . bit overpriced , too .
small portions and not the friendliest service . chicken was tough and tasteless , another ladner let down .
not getting better . tonight roach's was on the floor under our table . i'm done with this place .
horrible service . waited min for my drink and there was less than people in the bar .
poor customer service and poor return policy . employees need training on how to treat their patrons .
saw them being rude and poor customer service ! specially to black people . but great food .
customer service is poor . i love target thought . go to the lenox location for better service and clean store .
seriously folks , subway , as in oz of mystery meat on a decent fresh baked roll ?
overly priced for average food ! took when we asked for extra lemon ! thats insane
small proportion , we never got our food for an hour , and find out later the other table got our food .
waited deadass min for takeout order , cuz i didnt tip em but then again who tf tips on takeout ?
greasy and very unappealing lunch . almost no meat . big disappointment and very crowded
wish i could give zero stars ! the system does not even work ! wish i would've never even purchased .
not great . the food is not too fresh , but the seasoning is well done so its kinda a catch .
awful . and the waitress kept calling me hun , i hate that !
the lady behind the counter had the worst attitude , don't stay at this hotel
no appraisal provided . did not mention this until after the ring was purchased . will not buy from here again .
closed ! looks like they went out if business . website is still active but the place is closed .
slowest car rental ever . this is ridiculous . first and last time customer .
good food . but i saw someone in the kitchen lick their fingers and keep working . deal breaker for me
hello nsf fees for clients that never got their over night deposits , come on !
average thai . but , expensive and i always leave hungry . and i am not a big eater .
looks like the good ratings are bought . traveling from st . pete and looking up reviews of various restaurant .
the tacos were very creative in recipe , however they tasted like any other taco and costed a ridiculous price
poor service , cold food , rotten potatoes , and bad attitude . oh the peanuts were even stale . never going back .
drove minutes and nothing was open , even though it had daily hours listed .
pad thai was too dry . delivery took about hour and mins . don't recommend it
nope , over priced hipster doughnuts .
terrible service , don't go in with an empty stomach . food's decent , but overpriced .
what's the difference between a reservation and a walk in ? nothing . hr wait with it and an hour wait without it .
this is a very small sephora . it's got limited hair and perfume selections , and some skincare . mostly makeup .
karen was unnecessarily rude . ruined my time here . sucks . was looking for a pup . bummer
their sushi has very poor quality , i ordered a philly roll one time , and the salmon was sour . never again .
what would you pay for a six pack of stone pale ale ? . . ? . i don't f ! ing think so !
not impressed with there bbq . especially for the price . brisket was dry . will not be coming back .
not authentic korean food ! kimchi taste like it was made with apple cider vinegar . horrible !
they said the idea of a person dying from a seizure is 'ridiculous ' and refused to refund our money .
friendly staff , great environment . they really need to get a decent espresso machine .
thank you best in concrete for the driveway and new border it looks good
you don't participate in the free slurpee day ? you don't deserve to call yourselves a .
fake caribbean restaurant in a fake hipster environment . don't ask for take out . they'll will look down on you .
i got the veggie breakfast burrito . it was very average . waitress counter lady was super friendly delightful however .
this bank sucks . gone for years and trying to sue me for some thing i never owed them .
bland food , very greasy and tasteless . the plates were all dirty and old . syrup for the waffles was very runny .
just ok for a quick lunch . it is basically a chinese restaurants .
they've been charging me for the past months despite numerous attempts to cancel my membership .
depot haiku review a cool station but , sadly consistency is their achilles' heel .
i was really disappointed that all the food was cold and the bread was hard , not freshly made , like leftovers .
it's incredibly overcrowded , limited expensive parking , and it closes by . the lame on d is more like it .
food was decent . service was slow . the server dropped the food in my lap .
worst , rudest company ever ! bad management and fees are ridiculous . youll never get a hold of anyone .
been here times have waited over hours each time . plan better for your patients that is ridiculous !
the worst experience in costumer service , teachers and administration are lacking for sure . will not be returning .
oddly dark and dated looking . headache inducing air freshener scent throughout . overpriced and limited selection .
awful customer service . not willing to work with you . not willing to rectify mistakes they make that cost you .
worst experience in my entire career ! people coming into my room after i was checked in !
way to expensive and they are masquerading as a non profit when they are not .
terrible steak tips . terrible service . entire family got extremely sick after eating here . save your money !
good food , awful service , dirty women's bathroom . will never come back or recommend .
food tastes ok . but the quantity you get for the price you pay on carryout anyways is crappy .
ridiculously expensive . . for an omelette and orange juice . what a rip off ! food is ok but not great .
called about something simple and was immediately cut off by the receptionist how something is not available . very rude .
reminds me of the bars blanche would frequent to pick up men on the golden girls .
this walmart is worse than most kmarts . i didn't think that was possible .
terrible food . ordered buffalo chicken pizza and it came with nasty amount of tomato sauce and barely edible cheese
way overrated . everyone raves about them . they were sold out of most options and those they had were nothing special
filthy restaurant . look at the walls , the baseboards . , the floor . i dont know how places like this stay in business .
no one picks up the phone . we haven't receive a response to voicemail .
busy . slow on delivery . big on talk . i'll skip it next time .
did not perform requested service so had to take it to the deal for proper repair , total waist of .
generic food and restaurant is very dark . pinacolda was also week . i expected more all around for this place .
we ordered two hot chocolates but were served two warm tepid chocolates . disappointing for the price .
worse steak tips ever , all fat inside , cooked under broil , dollars and we ended throwing them out
ate the kufta kebob sandwich there last night , woke up with raging food poisoning .
worst food i have in chinatown period , long wait for absolutely nothing . stay all the way greedy and dishonest business
horrible customer service . my waiter jose came to the table once , attitude was trash . and the owner manager is no better .
not an ideal brunch spot . dark , night club feel with mediocre food . no real healthy vegetarian options .
ordered donuts online . drove mins to get them . get home and they were all the wrong donuts . super annoying .
the staff here is rude . i didn't come here to spend to have someone be rude to me .
seriously loud spot . pizza was ok but appies were so bland and heavy . expected more
unbelievably rude service . i still can't believe how poorly we were treated .
the most disgusting brownies i've ever had . way to dry and stale . place is kinda small and smelly .
stop spamming craigslist ! every time i search for something your broke down cars show up !
horrible selection of women's clothing . zero customer service annnnnnd they sell fur gross .
techs are preoccupied . job on gel nails was good but salon needs to be more professional and personable . too bad .
not lgbtq friendly , in fact , not friendly at all . priced higher than most mani pedis . across the street is better .
not kid friendly at all . the stylist was gruff and the toy area was not very clean . disappointing
atmosphere and employees are not bad . food however needs improvement specifically the broth it's too salty .
horrible customer service at this location . there are always incredibly long lines and slow service .
banquet frozen tv dinners are a vast improvement over that food at this establishment
worst haircut ever ! the lady even don't know how to do haircuts ! don't come to this place
rudest service imaginable i didn't even get to ordering this company has no management that i can see
food isn't that great , and the place is always empty . located at the butt end of commercial drive .
kinda bland burgers . great buns . we till they smash them . overpriced for what you get
awful hour long service and charged me for rice and naan without specifying they would charge me .
chef can't make a medium rare burger and their signature drinks are awful . go to colterra in niwot !
bad customer services waiter so rude i'll never come back el servicio al cliente horrible mesera sin educacion
they aren't answering their phone after hanging up on me . they didn't deliver multiple items i paid for .
worst gel manicure ever . the nail tech was on the phone the whole time . poor customer service won't return .
very frustrating ! one menu for lunch dinner they do not tell you what is available until you order .
very expensive , very little food . four slices of beef , inedible fat , a teaspoon of sauce for .
i sent a request no reponse . contacted hurricane fence had immediate response and services .
lincoln cleaners took care of the issue we had happen more than months ago .
the food was good but the young lady that took the order was incredibly rude .
make good food , but it took them hours to delivery our sushi rolls ! so you make decision ! olya
employees are rude . line is alwayssss long . run out of everything . its the west end though , cant expect too much !
overpriced and mediocre . how this place got so many positive ratings eludes me . food was not hot and over seasoned .
jumbo canadian king crab dollars , size of my thumb other than that , service good
not a friendly bunch . food was decent but service and courtesy left a lot to be desired .
horrible . i could have done a better job with a pedicure at home .
i ordered two poached eggs with toast . one yolk was broken , the other one was hard overcooked . fail .
looks to be closed . fedex slip on door since april .
they got my name wrong on the cup . it was also pretty warm for an iced latte .
wait was awful , everyone was confused . went in to pick up cakes and this is the result .
so buffalo wild wings charges you something extra for this piece of avocado , very bud guys .
good food but horrible service when busy . and this is the managers fault not the staff .
view and location is great . prices and food are not so good .
typical dive bar , waitress had a little attitude , the food selection looks terrible , not impressed .
i'm standing in the store right now after waiting minutes to buy a new case . it's not that hard , people .
pancakes are heavy and dry , grits runny and bland . i don't get the hype .
get your training elsewhere stay away . dave is a pretty cool instructor however george is very unprofessional . screams at students
the worst place i've ever had in my entire life ! the japanese pan noodles is just nasty !
picked up aaa angus rib steaks . absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
months later and my toes are still messed up from this pedicure , in pain from the awful service i received .
the sound guy that was there the night before thanksgiving needs to be trained properly or let go immediately .
wow . stay as far away as possible from this place . truly disgusting . i'm still in shock .
simply i didn't like the place because i was cracking the whole night . no heating system !
absolutely the most miserable staff ever ! if you don't like dealing with people , find a new job !
grilled chicken had to be frozen pre cooked . nasty . tacos were bad . never stopped here unless we were driving through anyway .
got sick off their appetizers . stay the f away .
ridiculous people ! don't waste your time money . they lie and unprofessional and charge you aloot of money . don't recommend
no more milkshake after the renovations because they decided to spend the money on fancier decor .
complete rip off waiter added food to our bill and disappeared for a long time during our meal
terrible customer service fire whoever is answering the phones around there rude , apathetic , unhelpful , better off going somewhere else .
inconsistant hours . rarely open when i visit these carts . mine as well not even be in the cart pod .
my kids commented i could make better pasta . only attraction to this place was portion . my first and last visit .
worst customer service ! rudest cashier i've ever met at any home depot ! do not give these people your money !
subpar food this place isn't authentic mexican food i recommend the place up the street better drinks and food .
the waiters are so rude and it looks like they don't even want you here . worst service i've ever seen .
holy shit . i had seriously diarrhea just after my dinner here . food was just fine , idk if there's anything contaminated
your fried calamari and scallops taste like the bubble gum that i find in my desk in school .
this is probably one of the worst customer service i've ever experienced . the waitress was slow in order .
kinda lame overall , would prefer a chucky cheese lots of games broken , and some sketchy people there
not one bit authentic . food was bland and lacked creativity . tasted like watered down mexican food .
rude and unhelpful staff here . i've been here for hours . i can't stand the lack of a counter .
crappy latin american food , not all that cheap .
wow . worst green tea parfait ever . nothing else needed to be said . period .
just wasn't good . lousy massage . outdated appearance . smelled musty . spent more time touching my back and legs than my feet .
i tried to take my granddaughter there a couple weeks ago . this park is no longer their .
this place will be gone by fall . the bartender was cold and the place is just way too pretentious .
food taste is ok , no water refill at all and automatically charged gratitude for people .
the food was not served hot this is my second time to this restaurant and my last server was goid
lately the management sucks i want to break my lease so bad the hallways smell like pot all the time !
good meat , comes with onions and cilantro . but they don't have tortillas without wheat flour .
please ridgewood lakes golf club clean the th hole lake ! red tide is here on the th hole ! health hazard !
absolutely unorganized office . the practice manager at the time , david brow needs to shape up or ship out .
scam with extremely pushy salesman who gets angry once you turn down the items .
pizza is somewhere between domino's and papa john's by less expensive and delivered faster
this macy has the worst service . they careless about their customers .
two words processed cheese . the only thing it has going for it is the price point .
very inconsistent sushi . service is good . closed by inspectional services . not a good sign .
stars for price and hours . minus for food poisoning .
worst asian food ever . this place makes pei wei a star . service is great . that is it though .
rude staff . super unfriendly right from the get go . i gave this place chances same impression each time .
do not use ! . hours late , left a dead fridge in my front yard , no reciept ! beware !
good salad . bad process and service . took forever to check out after salad done for minutes .
rude employees ! i would give a negative star if i was able to . worst experience ever .
this company is no good . total ripoff . stay away . and very poor customer service . and very unprofessional
worst customer service ever ! i will drive all the way across town to avoid this location .
is not clean and food is very modetate but too much expensive . prefer wafle house brunch more !
dont come , waste of time and money ! small menu and very less options . chicken's dry and cold ! wouldn't recommend !
pretty slow and not friendly like most jamba juice locations . at least the drinks were pretty much the same
busy day , one person on ticket sales , one cashier at food station , one bartender . about people waiting for drinks .
honestly they suck . i poured a pitcher of bud light on the bouncer because his pussy ass deserved it .
just like the other reviews said , this place is overrated , overpriced , and the food just sucks .
do they realize they're a goodwill and not a retail store ? ! i'm so offended by these prices
service was not up to snuff . noodle broth was salty af . xiao long bao juice tasted like nothingness . very disappointing !
there are no male masseurs at all locations . fuck that i'm not having a woman touch me
only fried wings ? sub par service , salads , and wings . how do people across the us survive on all this stuff ?
slightly disappointing , no pulled choice , ordered chopped meals , got cubed meals . the portions are small and price too high .
the food is overpriced . the quality is disappointing . they should provide bread with their salads .
honestly , not good . they don't make their own doughnuts and pile globs of junk on top .
they are useless ! never show up to check the building but always try to squeeze our money for repairing !
horrible service . had to leave . be careful ! restaurant wasn't even busy . waited minutes before waiter came to table .
the worse customer service , dont waste your time .
this hotel in old and smelly needs to be renovated and brought up to date .
this place is empty . maybe full , max . however it was still a min wait to be seated . crazy .
tunnel , bridge , slingshot . anything but the ferries .
there was a fatal shooting there today . need i say more ?
is my least favourite poutine , i've tried twice and it hasn't been the best experience , not even drunk
this location is horrible . the employees are completely condescending , unprofessional , and uninformative .
omg horrible . whatever you pay for , you get ! crappy food . and then the employees have a nasty attitude !
stay away . these people are completely inept and should not be in business .
horrible ! flowers are dead for mothers day . the greenest part was the they got for the arrangement !
scheduling problem . got trained less than times in months
i have never dealt with racism in austin until coming to this bar , .
not very impressed with the pad tai . this place has not been good since the name change .
mediocre food and beer . this neighborhood deserves better . better go to the east side if you want to be inspired .
would not give any stars at all ! horrible customer service . managers are worse than the staff . ignorant , rude people . horrible !
super bad experience , the food is not fresh at all , thawed frozen food , never coming back again ! ok
never meets their delivery deadlines , says things will be delivered and aren't . no communication within the company .
terrible service . waited over minutes extra for a to go order and when i got it . things were missing
this place is good but way too slow . why does it take minutes to get a toasted bagel ?
never again . staff was rude . won't go as far as discrimination but geez . a little courtesy goes a long way .
service is pretty slow . even when it's not busy , it takes minutes for your food to be ready . smh .
awful service bartender was incoherently drunk , bad music , and lame vibe .
had a reservation . checked in at . was harassed by a patron . canceled reservation and walked out at .
aweful ! quick crappy job . the funny thing is , these asian nail techs actually spoke english . horrible ! will not return .
lady behind counter is rude . not worth the price . no kids menu . good luck staying open with the poor attitude .
the place is clean with wipes , hand sanitizer and gloves . the only issue i had was the water down drinks .
surly owner , mediocre food , high prices , claims to be kid friendly but is hostile to children . wont be returning . ever .
well , the spring roll and fortune cookie didn't suck . stay away from the lo mein . sickening .
no show service and they wanted to charge for cancelation fee when i refused to reschedule .
take your fast food business elsewhere . this mcd's has the worst food quality and horrible customer service experience .
awful and terrible food . awful and terrible service . they make their livelihood off scamming drunk college students .
good food served by highly unprofessional staff . wish to see the ownership in some caring hands .
dont get the week straightenig treatment here . i paid and it didnt last past days .
this is not a peruvian restaurant . it is a shame they use the marketing . also bad service .
the food you delivered me was beyond disgusting late , cold unrecognizable . what a bunch of hacks
does not have employees to cover all orders , place is not updated at technology , terrible bathroom
bugs walking on the brownies inside the case . now i am grossed out . cleanliness is important in the food business
food was ok . delivery took almost hours and the paper bag was all wet because food spilled .
waste of money and time . really lame and boring presentation . skip .
it's like a downscale version of what have have at champions gate . food and service . meh
really expensive and overrated . better to shop at a co op or natural grocers , sprouts .
went for dinner with my friend and ordered lentil soup and chicken marsala pasta . absolutely tasteless . nothing more to add .
really need service , sorry , go to willsonville . in your car that doesn't work .
this place is ridiculous . not worth the cover charge . service blows . staff are so rude . go across to dance hall .
stood at the front for minutes without anyone helping me , what kind of fast food establishment is this
worse mcdonald's around the woman taking order couldnt even speak english so ofcourse order was wrong
food is good , but i will never come back to this place again . service is absolutely terrible !
people are nice in there . decoration is nice and clean . but the food . probably the worst buns i've ever had .
gino is horrible ! poor service rude hair stylists really expensive take your business elsewhere !
we got takeout there on . poor service ! not enough help ! manager should be ashamed of himself ! terrible !
slow service . always gets something wrong . management is a jerk . wonder why they been closed for days . health department ?
salty , stingy , msg . after taking order did not come by once . there is customers in the whole store .
easily the worst service and quality of food i've seen at a chinese restaurant . just plain embarrassing
flew into atlanta , staying at a hotel about miles away . pictures look good , but they don't deliver . bummer !
just pulled up at there was people inside ordering but they told me they were closed wtf
overpriced food is decent quality , but the prices and portions are not worth it .
cheap meat ! the turkey and roast beef were so processed and the texture was like rubber . won't be back .
besides the whole racist homophobic issue , the food just isn't that good .
their pizza is amazing truly some of the best in portland . customer service is always terrible .
gross ! vegan and gluten free means dry and tasteless . worst cupcakes i've ever paid for .
this resterant is over hyped and over priced . i had the macaroni cheese and it was nasty !
food is okay , delivery took nearly two hour and two phone calls to the restaurant . will not use them again .
i paid . for a margarita in a very small glass that was mostly ice . not worth it at all !
puppy mills . do not buy . but please go pet them to get their poor little toes off the cages .
girls like cats ! i will revise my review when i can bring my year old granddaughter to this establishment .
places opens at am on sunday . currently it's still closed . this unacceptable , i been coming here for years
update my cut got infected and not surprised that the paint chipped almost immediately .
fraudulently twice resuscitated a home equity loan that was beyond statute of limitations . do not do business with them
the only thing worse than the food is the service and the prices stay away
very disappointing . staff was lovely , but the food was tasteless . bbq chicken , pulled pork , and sides were blah .
horrible customer service . i'm going back to first tech credit union
little touristy . margs and rest of menu suspect . like visiting orlando . very chain
horrible nail work crook shape fat looking weird nails horrible service not a relaxing experience
no . over priced , underwhelming food . their roast beef wrap is a joke . and took forever . never coming back .
change your times on yelp , went out of my way to come to your shop and you're closed at seven
the sushi is overpriced for the quality of the sushi served . the staff is nice though
came here for breakfast . friendly staff but stale toast hair in food . would not recommend .
all sizzle , no steak . way too expensive , over hyped , overrated . ice cream ? try no one screams for this dump !
would've given it stars if the staff were courteous ! lame workers in kitchen !
stop the racial profiling in your bar . i've known multiple people who have had bad experiences there .
no beer no wifi no return visit . slow service mediocre food . if you have to wait . don't .
pizza tasted a bit like metal maybe cooked with older equipment . wouldn't order again . slice was soggy in the middle .
disorder behind the counter gets order wrong dont go for a quick lunch food is mediocre at best over rated
there are far better international markets in the atlanta area .
just paid bucks for mini tacos and you forgot the cheese you suck taco cabana . never again
noon on a saturday , practically empty restaurant . no reservation ? sorry , that's a min wait . seriously folks , zero hospitality .
service was great . food was less then i expected . french onion soup was bland . risotto also had no taste .
total incompetent staff of nice individuals . minutes for an ice tea ? all staff looked deer in the headlights !
the food is good but the service is not . the manager is rude , and clearly doesn't want to be there .
horrible experience and food . delivered half the order and the other half was disappointing . will never patron this place again .
i thought it was not a clean place . shower curtain was nasty . the toilet loose from floor . stunk .
me and my wife had lunch here today and both of us ended up having really bad stomach issues .
grease soaked pepperoni pizza . yah well you gotta eat something . where else are you going to go ?
sketchy on getting the right stuff when u order through food delivery service . i was missing items
the food and service is very overrated , but i must say if you go there just have the cheesecake . mmmm good
horrible food , overpriced drinks and very very cheesy , low brow humour . yuck , wish i could get my . bucks back !
after the first starter , waited over mins to get my main entrees , half raw including potato . disappointed
had bad experience in when waiter and or kitchen messed up my gluten free friend's order .
overpriced food and drinks . bartenders are unprofessional . they are wannabe italian dudes who are and think they are .
not good . greater options are available right across the street . giving an extra star for being a vancouver local brand .
not great , everything was really salty and dry . service was really slow .
horrible service by indifferent staff . huge waste of time . if you are on any sort of timeline go elsewhere .
edible yes , nice concept , menu looks good , but food sucks overall . sorry , i really wanted to like it !
ok food . found fly in raita . the owners waiters did not care and pretended it was normal .
like mitchell's restaurants , but not this one . long wait , poor service and food wasn't redeemable .
three stars as far as airport fare goes . decent variety on the menu at reasonable prices . move over s'barro !
if i could i would give zero stars . worst service . horrible atmosphere . never returning .
the dental assistant did a very painful procedure without any anestheia . enough said .
if you like your hot coffee to taste like someone's lukewarm foot , you're in luck . they've perfected this magical blend .
i had lamb briyani , the worst i had . no taste at all . i would never prefer this restaurant again .
horrible service . took over an hour to get a rental car . do not rent from this place .
way overpriced , small portion , bad service , you will regret !
food made me sick and management refused to talk to me . parking is the worse i've seen .
poutine was pretty gross tonite . cold , lifeless , w little cheese . don't take the poutine 's name in vain !
don't be fooled by the overpriced vietnamese coffee . the staff is rude and doesn't know a thing about customer service .
worst restaurant ever . food is trash unless you be drunk you'll be ok , save your money go somewhere else .
change your store hours to opens slightly after and closes slightly before to not waste peoples time
don't waste your time not just your money ! place is disgusting ! i would not even call it sushi !
waited mins just to change my modem . the customer service reps were super nice but slow .
horrible service , rude lame middle aged balding man needs to learn how to serve customers
worst place ever ! terrible food . not at all accommodating service . don't waste your time !
disappointing ! food was cold , not so much flavor and i am sure the common compliant is price
waited minutes for a cup of coffee on labor day . had only one cashier working ! nice !
predictably terrible . sad , greasy chicken , iceberg lettuce , and audience participation . egads .
closed already , still no jimmies , still rude owners mean to their staf .
the bouncers who work here discriminate against women going in to the club .
the is only because the waitress was hustling . food bland , prices cheap . you get what you pay for .
tried to rip my friend off , by charging her twice for wig caps . best to avoid .
worst service ever . waited around for a waitress , got a look then ignored . it wasn't even busy .
a little disappointing . the sales woman reeked of alcohol .
very deceptive . add to the stated ticket price for fees .
this store has strong and serious racial discrimination , don't go . you will be angry .
worst customer service ever but i must admit the food is good . but can't make up for the environment of unsatisfactory !
a racist night out ! only gets one star because the margarita was good . rude servers
never again blackbird . you've lost about her loyal customer .
the worst . i got nachos and they were barely warm cheese hardly melted . super slow service despite being mostly empty .
the main problem is that they let the cream go sour in the pitchers . ick !
the food was decent but the service was horrible , maybe i caught shift change but everyone was very rude .
really not what i expected . no authentic mexican food . no highlights on the menu nor the taste .
waited over minutes for food that was cold and overpriced . incredibly disappointed with the quality and service .
the sit down restaurant is so not worth it . just get a bagel to go .
perhaps the most unfriendly inattentive staff i have ever encountered . from the host to the server .
i was violently sick all morning wednesday , eleven hours after having their sour cream chicken enchiladas . eww .
mediocre sushi , menu is small for sushi rolls and they are pricey . i would not return any time soon .
just wasting money ! food was terrible ! i think they cooked it so many days ago ! it was too bad !
i just read in the boston business journal that four green fields has closed no shocker there .
great deal on oil change , but was over quoted several times for other services .
fraud alert portland friends . ripping you off in debit card transactions . stay awy for sure . th and division location .
oh god this was awful . boring . nothing exciting here . save your money for anything else but this place .
such slow service . never again . i could've ran around seawall faster than the service here .
this place never has enough staff and always run out of stuff . horrible service and nobody gets in a ruch .
service was alright but the food wasnt great it came out cold and this is the second time it happens .
worst shrimp fried rice i've ever had . there were only three shrimp , and it was sweet ! so disappointed .
price gouging crooks that dont deliver as promised . stay away from these frauds . incredible unprofessional business .
amazing service ! bbq bacon burger is quite possibly the most dry and tasteless burger i've ever had . ever .
i really didn't like good the food was under seasoned and did not like the spaghetti sauce at all
closes at pm in an international airport . this is the busiest airport in the usa . um , ty for your loyalty ?
this is an awful place . the bartenders are deceitful liars . they overcharge . terrible .
never again . tempura tastes terrible and not crispy . far from japanese tempura . miso soup and sashimi are not good .
it's called tandoori grill , but the tandoori was not very good . rather bland and not the best quality chicken .
this is probably the worst taco cabana to ever exist on the planet . do not eat here . it is disgusting .
horrible . horribly horrible and horrible . horrific . refused a refund after a horrible and tragically horrible meal .
the doctor is fine , more or less . the billing staff is not . please find another office .
front desk was rude and slow . busy chatting up the delivery guy while i waited . appointment was late .
i wish i had the opportunity to even get their cakes cuz they don't even answer their phones
nice ambience , friendly staff , mediocre coffee
food was decent . selection is enormous . service during this past experience was lacking .
food is over priced for how average it tastes . even the non hop beers are overly hoppy
this was not an enjoyable experience . food was late and cold . would not recommend going forward .
liars liars liars promise thing and do another typical big companies thats how the stay rich
huge disappointment , poor customer service and poor ice cream quality . will never go back .
nasty place i do not recommend this place
they never get my order right . always sit there and check the bag . food seems like it's been sitting around !
great place if you're hammered . otherwise , steer clear if you're sober .
slowest service ever . placed drive thru order and waiting minutes and still one car back . really ?
very meh . standard beer selection . food was okay . nothing special about the atmosphere . service was good .
the person was really unfriendly . couldn't fix the problem but he changed for the visit .
don't bother . food is ok , and i was charged for a casamigos tequlia on the rocks !
chowder was aweful at the portland seafood and wine festival ! you guys need to rethink your strategy .
wings ok , service crappy , server awkward . wont go back , cheap beer though , crappy tvs
poor service and food , when it arrived , was just okay !
they have yet to complete my father's pool since april , constantly making excuses and refusing to finish the job .
apparently should have tried the torta , the enchiladas and huarache were unimpressive .
so bland . terrible . do not even bother . i've never wished for hot sauce so bad in my life .
beautiful modern good place . but the old people music kills the vibe . please play something more modern .
this place is very loud , not very clean and you have to spend more money on everything once you're inside .
very heavy on the grease , paper bag saturated with it . not worth the . f for burger and fries . stay in florida .
steaks over cooked . service very slow . walnut salad was small . food took forever to arrive .
service was very slow ! not the best experience .
very noisy half the people that stay here stay up all night screaming and fighting .
mediocre food , but i'd go back again for the view and ambience of the porch , complete with overhead heaters .
inferior quality cheese used . tasted like ass .
over price . for a short full set of pink and white acrylic
very expensive ! i rather drive to downtown and have a shawarma on robson street than here .
side swiped by a ups truck . since there were no witnesses , ups will not cover damage .
zero service , zero cleanliness . hour to get food after you order . minutes to get a table . so avoid !
coffee was not very good . my husband and i couldn't finish them . service was ok . dirty and smelled weird inside .
supposed to be opened until pm on sat . closed min . early . took a ride for nothing . unacceptable .
this place is terrible . the customer service is really awful , and the merchandise is even worse .
high priced poor quality pizza . dominos has better pizza . absolutely no flavor to their sauces . scant toppings . never going back .
wish this place could get it together . super slow service and get the order wrong half the time .
ordered the veg biryani and utappam . both did not have any taste . only good thing is they deliver .
one of the worst stores in chain . bad service , poorly training , not as clean as most columbus stores .
yuck ! never had this before was horrible ! greasy , tasteless and served in a filthy environment the trifecta of garbage food .
rude cashier . they charged me cents for ice water . a tiny kiddie cup ice water ! avoid like the plague
stars for the concept and because my go to is a sandwich . i was just bummed though .
awesome customer service . the lady was a little slow at the drive through with taking our order .
watch out for tail light scam
your classic airport book news vendor . high priced and nothing 'book people y' about it .
expensive , crowded , lots of taps were out . there are better places to try wine . even on the same street .
hey ! they've been closed for two years now , awaiting a new vendor amid the rehab of the theatre complex
great bar scene , but the food was not the best . very disappointed in this place .
i should have known better than to order a sirloin steak med rare at a pancake house .
absurdly expensive . go to wheelhouse on hastings . equal quality , if not better , and cheaper .
for the love of god find another dentist . doesn't value her patients . and it shows in her work .
do not come here . terrible service . liars . food was horrible . i mean . the list goes on . i'd rather mcdonald's
very slow and passive aggressive service , very salty chips , too lemony soup . i don't recommend !
breakfast has really slow service and the water pressure in the sink shower toilet is very very low .
slow and terrible service ! our server took forever with our food . we ended up canceling a couple of our orders .
pictures speak for themselves . this place is utterly disgusting . trash everywhere . disgusting mess
owner contacted me from a fake account , yelling at me about leaving a bad review for her restaurant . pretty pathetic .
sloooow getting service once seated .
awful service . great food . will take minutes to get your food . if you're in a rush , don't do it .
basic scumbags ! the prices are always changing and it's all cash .
worst customer service ever . actually no customer service . not a place to go eat . maybe just grab and go .
fyi email was sent . no response
super rude staff , really spicy no real flavor , would never recommend . pros would be open late on a sunday .
apple pay no longer works . staff is not aware that it's been discontinued .
waitstaff was very nice , however the kitchen was severely disorganized . people waiting for their meals mins . wrong orders
never do business with these guys ! data caps ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! wtf is this ! ? ! ? !
great location , decent food , poor service and overpriced .
the only good thing about this place is the . breakfast . no comment on the rest .
long wait to return the modem , but it took only seconds to print out the receipt . worst service ever !
ordered delivery from this place . specifically asked for plates , they didn't bring it .
don't like it really overrated only pro is the portion and that's pointless if it's not tasty .
i was soo frustrated with the woman on the phone that i could not even get my appointment booked . terrible !
over priced ! service is subpar . buster's is much better ! or i'll make the extra trip to delaneys diner in reynoldsburg
the lamb shawarma was good but the staff really didnt seem to know what they were doing yet
avoid as the pest , unfriendly and terrible customer service , poor wine selection and marked up prices .
bathrooms were disgusting . order was wrong . food was burnt . over charged for the monday special .
boring and pretentious . stupid to advertise as a board game bar when they have live entertainment as well . zero stars .
seated right away inside . sat for minutes no server . don't waste your time the way they wasted mine .
my food was cold , service was horrible my brother had plastic in his food smh .
why am i in this drive thru line for so long and you don't have juice for the kids meal ?
ordered door dash tonight . this is what came in my child's kid's meal . side of mandarin oranges . yuck !
tackily fun light up menus . properly textured rigatoni . mildly poopy bolognese . good calamari . i saw a mouse running around .
some of the mechanics are over confident and snobby , some are really nice and helpful . the former prevail .
brisket is dry and overpriced . not the best for texas bbq . save yourself the money and go to saltlick bbq .
don't know what the hype is about this place i tried it and got food poisoning . good luck y'all .
home team pest defense ripped me off , charging me for services it did not perform .
got there before pm and it was closed . like the other review , they seem to not respect the closing time .
cheap . not the greatest . old stuff just spinning . same food nothing really seems authentic . never going back .
but mama , i don't feel 'morbidly obese . '
i miss the old olive garden when food tasted more fresh and not as preserved . probably won't go back .
surprise ! crescent ridge does not make their own ice cream , it is made by bliss in attleboro .
very messy dt . small is size and the store basically looks like a bomb went off in it .
not so great . for a butcher , this place is really lacking . tough steak tips and chicken that is consistently rubbery .
no longer same owners and this place is definitely not the same . took a drastic turn downhill .
good chicken but they sure hired dumb people to work there ! they can never get the order right !
their front desk is probably one of the worst . every order waits significant time to make . one man kitchen .
blech mediocre pizza and lack of food safety standards means i will not be returning .
horrible service . doesnt follow actual waiting list . lets people ahead . unprofessional .
good service , but ammo and magazines way overpriced . per box of . and for used ar mags .
great view but the food is nothing special , not bad just not great .
rude and overly aggressive . if you like this kind of customer service this is your place to shop .
the quality of their macaroons was relatively low as my kids say not bad !
still , no word from renewal by anderson . i was told someone would be contacting me . nothing !
it seems like they hardly work at giving referrals even when you are accepted . they need to work harder .
their food is ok , but the owner there is really rude . avoid the restaurant if you want a good service .
worst experience i ever had going to a mcmenamins . understaffed and rude waitress . not coming back here again .
his comments to me constitute a hipaa violation . he's very lucky i'm to busy to turn him in to hhs !
coffee tastes like dirt water . bacon was microwave costco . lighting sucks . waitress was nice
as of january , , mike's is closed forever . the website says gone riding . rip mike and company .
their twitter is filled with irrelevant stories and biased globalist propaganda .
i feel very bad in my stomach after i had a classic burger here today ! do not recommend !
exceedingly mediocre . don't waste your time if you're in a great food town like austin .
it looks like thai food , but it surely does not taste like thai food . extremely sweet .
once again reality outweighs hype . average place . expensive for what you're getting voodoo donut i got was pathetic . see photo .
please hire staff that doesn't mind doing the job . you're loosing business because of your own staff turning calls away .
they did end up giving me a discount for the wait . but there was still poor communication
closed or minutes early tonight . upset , really wanted coffee right about now . get it together please .
two stars for the ambiance . food very average . very nice wait person , though . a big let down for restaurant row .
service was horrible walked around the store times with not even a greeting . will never go back
the bartenders here are really cool . cuz all the hipsters know it's cool to be really cool
ramen was horrible . we've tried different ramens and both were horrible . not worth it .
not good ! if the best thing about the place is the free bread that ain't saying much . service was ok
the worst experience i've had with any business in orlando . actually anywhere in my life .
terrible , rude service overrated at best . bouncers charge cover for what ? mediocre drinks and trash music .
haven't been here in years . went today and had the greasiest breakfast ever . waitress was nice though .
got the brisket and sides . it was alright . better bbq places in this town for sure .
simply over priced compared to the many other cold pressed juice places i've been too . i'd say their price is nearly doubled !
terrible service , incredibly rude and smug . never go there .
went in and was quoted . for oil change and without explanation the bill was . rip off
um , sell cupcakes . no seriously . and your shirts are ok , doubt anyone owns more than one .
portions are small , prices are high , not the tastiest mexican food i've had before . i'd say go to a different place
terrible food and even worse service . the waitress was incredibly nasty and rude . will not be coming back
manager was rude to customers and the food was mediocre , even by ihop standards .
chicken dry and cheap . guy behind the counter was a jerk . bad service and terrible food . avoid .
the sliced pork is nasty gray garlic tasting crap . i will not be going back to this location
service is so obnoxious . good pizza . shitty bartenders .
in town visiting and we wanted something to do so we came here . it is wack , fellas stay at home .
arrrrrrr . whatta ri p off toe bone
accessibility to this pretentious joint is rewarded by overpriced mediocre food . staff isn't bad but the rest is a waste
i tried their chow mein . the next day , i drew a dick from my chin . would not order again .
came in waited minutes when it was empty ! such shitty service i'm never coming back here for sure
terrible . waiting for pancakes . paid for my juice and left . waiters never checked on me .
we ordered two ahi tuna poke bowls and they were not fresh at all we couldn't eat them
seafood place in magic kingdom . eh . nothing to write home about .
this place was a huge disappointment . the cake balls are like sugar bombs . nothing special .
closed and furniture gone . no one answers phone and voicemail full . groupon users can call groupon for credit refund .
crowded , poor service , mediocre food . waste of a prime retail spot in the heart of the short north .
this pharmacy is consistently terrible . long waits and days . consistently fail to deliver for years . time to change .
zero atmosphere , hipster crowd , and below average food tells me that vietnamese didn't vote in the chronicle poll in .
nice view of the port great location , but the food wasn't too good and took a while .
shuttle service is inefficient and rude . only in atlanta do people consistently under serve customers .
they have yelps request a quote form activated here , but won't give actually give an estimate online .
went for happy hour very unhappy . went for brunch won't go back
so so food overshadowed by rude , argumentative manager whose scroungy appearance looked more like a dishwasher .
sadly a very negative experience . just awful service .
incredibly uneven spray tan . parts got no color and others were orange . would not recommend .
the food was good . but we waited for our check for over minutes . seriously worst service ever !
same review as everyone about the cook , no acknowledgment no customer service ! food was mediocre and will not return !
discontinuing ivankas clothing line . big mistake . act like a business not politicians . i'm done . you lost a very good customer .
great late night spot but new karaoke guy has favorites ! his girlfriend gets priority along with his friends .
open . no hot n ready . blah service . broken chair .
yes , they suck ! that is all i really need to say !
this company simply does not care about it's customers period . it's all about getting their precious money .
poor customer service . rude workers . especially the lady with the bad wig and glasses . long lines . slow .
this is a racist and establishment . the owner and manager are massive problems for the community . do not support them .
wow is this place overpriced . over for two oz bottled cokes . i won't be returning .
this spa is not accommodating and does not have many available appointments . very disappointing !
if you reserve , be careful . they will not refund your money if you cancel . the customer service is really bad !
closed ! ?
dried out bread for sandwich . strange tasting tuna . dozen slow staff serving people .
skip it ! don't sit upstairs siberia . food was very greasy . possible we ordered poorly .
i was overcharged for my meal . food taste grade but we're choices very limited and plates were scarce .
the fun thing about this place is standing in line and watching the other donut buyers . don't recommend eating the donuts .
awful burger ! everything was cold , dry and tasteless . i will never return to this place much !
thank god there are so many other places to get pizza in south austin . worst pizza ever !
really terrible , crappy chinese american food for white people who don't know what good chinese food is .
not bad place for breakfast if you are in the area , but there are better places in austin .
falafel taste like ass ! but the service was nice , so i'll give you one star for that .
stopped doing exotics except for every other friday did not get back to me when i had questions nope
worst service ever . was handed a menu , minutes of being passed by later . finally took our order . terrible
best to leave this area blank , no comment at all . the rating speaks for itself .
dont care which domino you go to the sauce is always to saucy
i recently went back and the falafel sandwich was mediocre w poor service . don't be coming back
their kimchi jjigae has a noodle that is used to make japchae in the bottom to make the serving bigger .
nothing special . food took a long time , and was mediocre . the place needs to come to the st century .
ordered steak and cheese pizza . it was ok . delivery was prompt , but pizza was so greasy the box was floppy .
went here for brunch . wait staff is incredibly friendly . food is bland and way , way overpriced .
very unprofessional service and continuously tried to include additional charges that were not agreed upon . these people are scammers .
waited to pick up curbside . left on phone in parking lot minutes , never got order . totally inept help
undercooked ! overpriced ! but very clean and seems to have really good quality ingredients .
new owners . pizza is disgusting . used to be one of my favorite spots . i'll never go back !
unenthusiastic people who work here . biggest reason why healthy pets nw is my go to . will never go back .
this place sometimes takes over a half hour to get your food . it's incompetence is staggering .
this place really needs to update its hours if they aren't going to be open for lunch .
customer service ? they dont know what that is . monopoly unfortunately . avoid .
ownership is remarkably unprofessional , defensive , and rude . pick anything else .
really small portion ! also it's really cold sitting outside with no candle and stove !
the tortillas are not fresh . and the guisada was way too salty . deffinitly was a let down
those new recliner look cheap they suck can't even put the arm rest up probably never going back
avoid these rip off artists . don't trust anything you hear . they lie , break your things , ignore your calls
dirty , smelly , just learned petco has killed at least two dogs nationwide in the grooming dept .
bland , overcooked and very mediocre 'french bistro' note the quotation marks ! food . i'm surprised they are still in business .
almost paid . a gallon . decided to put the gas cap back on and go to another gas station , ridiculous !
hardly new york pizza . frozen pizza from the grocery store is better than this .
calamari like rubber bands . oven broke and things off the menu . comp some stuff management .
typical sports bar food , mediocre food at best . my drink was good . both waitress and bartender seemed unfriendly . overcharged us .
they tried to pass a chuck steak as a rib eye . but the fish i had was done well .
special sxsw menu with inflated prices for the same items , bland food , chicken sandwiches , and bad service . why go ?
good food . but overpriced with long wait times and very rude staff . won't be coming to this location again .
easily the worst service i've had in orlando . got here at . nor even the appetizers have arrived by .
absolutely loved the decor and atmosphere . food was meh . poor service , very rude and unfriendly .
had a terrible experience one time there . the service was awful and the food wasn't that good . blah .
service is in decline at this company . very odd given the rising prices of the products .
they served me melted ice cream and made me pay for it . terrible , rude service i do not recommend .
slow service waited minutes for food . food then came out cold had to send back . overpriced .
expensive , dirty and extremely poor meat quality . this is not even close to a real brazilian churrasqueria .
this was a run of the mill campus type college bar with a mediocre band playing party songs .
apparently a 'roasted veggie medley' means veggies roasted down to limp mush . that's pretty shitty .
very poor service in regard to wallpaper simply not interested in giving any help at all
wow . impossibly slow service . for food that was really really basic . pretty awful fast food experience . that is all .
it's not worth watching by paying . . better to spend some time in rose garden next to it .
bland taste . not very exciting chicken bianca . the gluten free crust lacked flavor compared to others i've had .
the worst coffee i've ever had . who doesn't have half half ? almond milk curdles genius ! watery , overpriced and disgusting .
don't go here to sell your stuff they will give you little money for your stuff not worth selling
regarding their food , one of the worst if not the worst place to eat chinese food in great van .
not impressed but convenient and nice people . i think the food court has better chinese food than here .
closed again today when their fb states their open . stick to your hours !
too salty ! please put less salt in your food . it'll be much better
the old men cant drive i feel bad for him but it's time too call a day . good cab driver
i called for directions and the lady didn't understand me and hung up on me because she cannot speak english
underwhelming . i think i've been spoiled by years of flea market hunting near nyc philly toronto .
terrible customer service . would not allow my family to take one picture . rude . my one star was an over statement .
either walk somewhere else or make coffee at home . unless you like being treated rudely .
slowest security screening in canada , maybe in all of north america . avoid at all costs !
the worst japanese hair salon i ever been . please stay away from this place for your own good
mewh . chicken parm was tough , chicago dog was bland . server was rushed until she brought the check .
the tzatziki was good , the lamb was over cooked and pretty dry as well as the rice , little flavor .
this location is always minutes behind when i order online . happened to me on consecutive visits .
called about hours ago , left a message .
bad hotel don't keep promise on reservations be aware before u book counter person rude .
i'm not sure why they call this place mexican grill ? this is clearly not mexican food . this food is salvadoran .
the worst . no tram . a bus transports to another terminal . it's abusive quite frankly after traveling across the country .
prices changed a little higher these days . this was once was a great spot to get some sushi or yakisoba .
hate hate hate hate loathe . from ca chicago . continuously convenient . freeway accessible
unseasoned brussel sprouts and lamb . rice and dessert was dry . would not recommend .
doesn't have the right service there . waiting for minutes to get the food ! so disappointed
it sucked ! they're closed for good . so don't waste your time . i drove out of my way for no reason .
my steak cheese barely had cheese , and was so dry . i should've never betrayed primos pizza !
sweet can pay triple for subway . yes please
prices are reasonable but the food is really mediocre for thai food . nothing special .
i have been in bh for years . terrible , terrible service . really made me appreciate fin's , three blocks away .
booo , go away world of beer ! your bar food is unimpressive and the service is terrible .
i think i've experienced my last meal here . it used to be kitschy but now its just mediocre .
ordered bagels and coffees . bagels were barely toasted and soooooo dry . almond milk was splitting in the coffee .
hideous pizza . la z house made sausage , uninteresting sauce , no onions . go buy yourself a digiorno
overpriced for a meh ramen . doesn't taste authentic . the staff are super friendly though .
i'm very disappointed about the ramen here . ramen was too salty and sad to learn that it's not very authentic !
mediocre at best . pretty boring entree's scallops overcooked coffee rubbed tuna cold and boring
terrible chicken , small and dried out . go to canes where the chicken is fresh zero stars
i was overall quite disappointed at the service i received today . the food was still alright though .
the quality and quantity has dropped off dramatically . i have been going here since it opened and won't be back .
here for a conference and was disappointed with the value for price paid as well as service overall .
never enough cashiers , so lines are so long my food's expired by the time i checkout .
the absolute longest wait in the drive thru i've ever had at a mcdonald's . don't waste your time !
the absolute worst . machines don't take debit or pay by phone . usually crappy machines . small stalls . avoid if possible .
a great place to go if you want a cup of oil with some traces of indian food mixed in ,
horrible slow service . we couldn't even order food cause we we're waiting forever . i will not be back .
the selection was poor at best . the car i used was really high mileage and probably from mid 's
they pretended to be concerned about my food poisoning and then never responded to my email .
i thought they're food was just average . nothing fancy .
perhaps something died in the batch of oyo vodka i sampled . fermented gym socks
progressive roadside assistance states that it will cover the costs related to having a locksmith come out . not true !
suft the internet like it is ! the slowest and worst internet connectivity i have experienced in years .
president just called me with harsh unprofessional untrusted and untrue words demanding money
horrible atmosphere . not an oasis in any way . and please see my picture of the weird object on the ceiling .
how are you supposed to set up an appointment if you don't have a phone number or website ?
terrible chinese food possibly the worst i've ever had , but the service was delightful , so kudos for that .
too expensive and rude . charged storage fees when i decided to get my car fixed elsewhere .
bring a sweater or hoodie if you're hanging inside . it's always freeezing !
music is blaring , food is bland and required a ton of s p for the potato salad . meat was very dry .
slow service and mediocre food at best . waiters can't quite remember what you've just ordered
i do not go to this location anymore . sitara has move to the dorchester location
the beer , and the bartenders are among the best in portland . the food is very mediocre .
essentially our waiter forgot about us . we finally had to seek him out to pay . wonderful food .
long line stale donuts not fun experience . go to blue star instead
i really was very disappointed with my lil shih tzu hair cut . it looks like unfinished , i'm very sad
don't order take out . rice and beans are hard . food is over priced . host is unhelpful and poorly dressed .
when asked to speak to the manager , she was not helpful or willing to accommodating in anyway .
horrible ! horrible ! rude and not worth it even if the food was free .
went there tonight , expecting a lovely splurge on greasy food , to be disappointed with an incorrect order and cold food .
worst service ever in there for minutes and never never received any food so i left
the day after getting my nails done , the skin on my fingertips is flaking off ! so gross !
this was the worst eating experience ! service was terrible the food even worse !
major rip off ! spicy salmon sashimi . there is hardly any salmon . will never come back .
the food is okay , but overpriced , and the staff is rude .
got takeout from this place tonight and the entree was inedible . go to double zero instead .
small portions . pasta was burned and then drenched in butter . expensive . don't bother !
the ambiance is nice . good crowd . just don't order the the fish and chips ! it came out like rubber .
mediocre pizza . says masks are required but watched as a large group entered without any masks on .
this store is understaffed and unprofessional . lower your prices or pay these employees more . that store is a disaster !
andrea was a b when i needed shoes . shocked she's representing your store . horrible management .
they are horrible take forever and food is nasty and workers are hateful never will i go there again
meh . below par for me . kinda gross . maybe i ordered the wrong dishes but it was all kinda nasty .
mcdonald's food is better in quality . not a friendly server . overpriced for the service and quality . don't go here !
decent beer selection . service was terrible . plenty of servers , not many customers . unacceptable in my opinion .
disgusting sushi . nothing was fresh and manager was not professional in the slightest . will never come back here .
not even authentic korean bbq , horrible prices and sides . i'm korean and it seems to be run by chinese .
all set with the lobster pound . dry lobster on a burger bun . not ! . wasted . never again !
gave me food poisoning , the menu had like items to choose from , staff was nice but slow .
abysmal customer service , very impolite employees . i had a dreadful experience here absolutely dreadful
not a good taco bell . writing more cuz yelp won't let me post blah blah blah lol yeet
no problem with office staff , but the back staff is awful . place is filthy . never saw a doctor .
the food was great the service was horrible . starts from the manager down . horrible manner and hostess was so rude !
i had planned on purchasing sod for my yard , but reconsidered after reading the reviews . no thanks .
nice terrace and nice view . for the rest , i'm not a cactus club fan so . you get my gist .
just ok . they need to get rid of the newspaper clippings posted on the window . food is mediocre .
place is now closed and replaced by stone loven pizza which i have heard is quite good .
hmm . this place keeps stopping songs after seconds so that is annoying . people would get excited then cut off !
the customer service is terrible ! they never get my order correct . and wronly ring me for items
smelled like fart . my massage sucked i never felt relaxed . i kept thinking the real massage never started . oh well
everything was a bit on the greasy side , our waiter forgot our drinks . the ribs were overcooked . i
should be burned to the ground . i'm serious . eat here if you like food poisoning .
rediculosly bad service . disorganized . highlight was the salad , pizza sucked , foccacia bland w no toppings . where is the management ?
awful , awful , awful attorney ! beware and do not waste you money
soggy bread , limp lettuce , gloppy tomatoes , oddly slick meat . why does this exist ? disclaimer i have always hated subway .
gone downhill with new ownership . food is so so , service average . portion is not what it used to be .
. chefs sliders chips . kind of on the high side . bltta sandwich . you be the judge .
no , no , no , nooooo . no , nnnnooooooooooooooooooooo .
cold food and poor service . stopped off for breakfast on the way back to indy , wow ! they suck .
it's airport pizza , what'cha expecting ? dose heavily with parmesan cheese and red pepper for a taster slice .
even though was remodeled , inside of the place the floor is always sticky , lots of bugs flying around , completely disgusting .
burger rolls are either out dated or have been frozen . they just crumble and taste terrible .
i can tell that's not real ramen . too much artificial condiments in the soup enhancing the taste .
average beer and food , high prices . terrible management , bad scene . i will never return . stay away !
not really mexican . i like traditional mexican , but this place is too modern and the dishes not recognizable .
location is closed as of no communication to people who'd reserved for party tonight .
tyler was not helpful . it's too bad that i won't use this location anymore because it's so close and convenient .
doesn't open on time so hasn't gotten my business on several occasions . probably won't try again .
hidden fees . you won't pay the price you see on expedia , priceline , etc . don't waste your time .
ok pizza by the slice . neat flavors , decent ingredients . stick to the thin crust the thick is too gummy .
i ordered vegetarian crepes , sorry to say it was an utter disappointment . i had to dump them away .
awful servers , awesome bartenders , good food . been coming here for years and the bad attitudes have been a staple .
old , very noisy night and day . restaurant is shabby and uncomfortable , ok food and service but overpriced .
i get that it's corporate based crack , but i loves me some chipotle .
super rude and ugly to there customers . such a horrible image for jersey mike's . truly disappointed
the pho soup is bland . the egg roll in saigon combination is cold inside . very disappointing .
drop the attitudes , employees . thanks . try relocating if you hate being near a college .
terribly slow service , over an hour at best . bad pizza .
server was okay . we ordered the mushroom burger med and it was burnt ! the taco stake so burnt and dry .
bartender was rude to us , very few people there on a friday night , drinks are overpriced
the mighty cone food was mediocre ! chicken was hard and stale ! looks better than it taste . really disappointed !
very expensive for not a lot of activities . might as well go to main event or gattitown .
this gym is dirty , disorganized . equipment is old . i could get better atmosphere working out in my garage .
the staff needs training . but do . not blame them . as the manager is horrible on every level . avoid this location at all costs .
it's a chain restaurant . far better than mcd's . the mac and cheese was for in causing urgent bowel issues .
wayyyy tooo expensive and the taste is not comparable to happy tree house ! definitely not going back
this is a very rude place . they r very late on our reservation . also they are being ageist .
bad customer service and false advertisement . always closing at different times and never have anyone for deliveries .
personally , i don't get the hype . order was wrong and the food wasn't anything special .
ordered cake to go , had to reorder , ended up getting the wrong order entirely when we got home
atmosphere stars . drinks stars hit or miss service out of times slow and inattentive .
cat lovers beware they don't have any cat ornaments here . they only have dog ornaments .
wood won't burn . i will not be going back . a waste of .
horrible food . the burger had no flavor and the homemade ketchup tasted like v juice . avoid .
overpriced ! my friend loves it and the sushi looks like art but the price is just stupid .
the jeffrey's reboot fake exclusivity served up by a rude staff of hipster posers . won't be back !
roaches all over the kitchen they spray raid everywhere and they follow blacks around the parking lot
nothing special . small bowls of pho . not much noodles or meat . much better elsewhere . won't return .
wouldn't let someone in with a green card because it wasn't an acceptable id to their head bouncer . unacceptable .
rude staff . the hostess did not even bother seating us .
service sucks . here right now . food ok , does not make up for the crap service . clyde common . get over yourself .
although toppings are ok , pizza is soggy .
very oily and overpriced . very unpleasant dining experience . noisy and confusing . food is salty .
great coffee and service unfortunately way over priced for what you get . there are better places .
had my airpods stolen here yesterday while they cleaned my car , i need an owner to call me asap !
served girls with fake ids directly in front of me . yet wouldn't take my id right from my hand ! frauds !
customer service is mediocre at best and their phone has been disconnected for almost a year . totally unprofessional
don't come here ! food took forever to come ! along with my check ! doesn't taste the same as the one on nd
place sucked ! it smelled like throw up and it remided me of a th st bar ut students go to .
chicken sandwiches are pretty good . decent food for very enexpensive prices .
i use to really like this place but i believe it just got a from health inspector recently .
do not use this provider ! cheap until after the first year then it's more expensive than big name companies . terrible .
great band , horrible bartenders ! where's miranda ? she ran circles around these two slugs .
pretty standard moxies here . service was pretty good but the food was less than spectacular . would not go here again .
awful produce limited selection and just not delicious or high quality . checkout lines are often absurdly long .
tapioca pearl's dissentegrated before they even got up the straw . the tea didn't even taste that good .
it was saturday night an there was a lineup of to people and there was only one cashier .
i guess i ordered the wrong things because i did not enjoy the food . down the disposal .
so over priced , spicy tonkitsi soup is kimchi , beacon and instant noodle , for this price no way !
this is about as sad a pizzeria pizza gets . i've had much better for the same per slice price .
terrible service . absolutely average food . save your money for better places around town or go hungry . just avoid this .
tourist doughnuts ! great for getting pan handled inline
this place finally died as it should have . it sucked .
do they every answer the phone ? tried an entire day to get a human being . frustrating .
overpriced food and small portions . we waited minutes for a hostess and the waiter was very inattentive .
great views . the swordfish was dry . the salmon basil was average . perhaps we didn't choose the right combination here .
mediocre thai food with the eat in experience ruined my crap music playing in the tiny space
just had a large frites . tasty but the portion was anything but large and had a premium price .
chhicken , chicken dumplings , pork fried rice . all tasted like poop
i got a turkey sandwich there with about two layers of thinly sliced turkey . pretty disappointing .
cover charge for dueling pianos ? over priced alcohol ? rude , in attentive waitresses ? no food ! save your time and go somewhere else !
way too slow of service ! it took well over minutes just to get a bagel w shmear .
place is super super dirty . i wouldn't recommend this place to the homeless . roaches everywhere
very slow lunch service . food ok except salad had some pretty badly wilted lettuce . won't go back to this location .
came in for lunch . ordered a french dip sandwich . all fat see photo server didn't seem to care .
really terrible service and horrible food and zero options other than this restaurant bar in the gateway marriott on june , .
for cold soup . don't order anything complicated . soon as i ordered , the cook took a lunch break .
actually the worst chipotle in boston . maybe the country . they are slow , rude , and the food is always cold .
spent minutes trying to find parking . never found a space . eventually left . very disappointed
closed . spoke with the owner who indicated the food truck was shut down for good .
ordered item hibachi to go . subpar chicken . over cooked shrimp . yum yum sauce is terrible .
sour espresso . maybe just bad luck , or barista was in bad mood ?
went there for lunch today it's closed as of feb . . the other locations remain open .
long wait and not great . stick to five guys . not worth the trip . very expensive .
overpriced and super bland . we were really excited about this place , but it ended up totally disappointing us .
customer service not very good employee's rude zero personality would not return very small limited seating
dollars for a drink . they had no house bourbon so they offered makers mark . crooks !
avoid . go elsewhere . literally elsewhere . like dunkin donuts is better . service , food , and ambiance are all lacking .
the waitress was very rude and accused me of not tipping enough . i did nothing to deserve this .
wanted to buy a coffee mug , they were out of stock for the one we wanted .
out of business . gone like a falafel fart in the wind .
absolutely awful pedicure experience and even more awful customer service . would not go back even with a free gift card .
there s partiality with customers . i dnt get any friendly approach . i like only threading .
worse food ever ! stick with a beer ! i would give this place negative stars if it was available .
it was ok . the service was fine but the food was just so so .
rip off ! avoid ! this is highway robbery . they prey on the unsuspecting tourist who needs to fill their rental car .
for all the hype , i must say that i was a bit disappointed . over priced drinks and subpar service .
called several hours in advance for a taxi to logan express in framingham never showed up . no call . no nothing .
blah totally unmemorable meal . a greasy , frozen mess all around .
me and my friends had diarrhea and vomiting from eating here today . stay away . rather go to brookline branch
have to agree with others , they close and bring back a mediocre menu not as good as the original .
straight up did not deliver our food . we called many times and they did not pick up .
great beers on tap but the woman checking id's at the door acts like she works for the fbi .
bought a cheesecake here for a birthday celebration . unfortunately it was the worst cheese cake i have ever had .
the absolute worst mcdonalds i have ever been to . customer service sucks . go to the one down the street .
the single most unethical and unprofessional small business i have ever seen .
it's just so ridiculously dirty in this movie theater sometimes . not sure what's going on , but management should be ashamed .
do not shop here . service is terrible . manager is rude ! they clearly do not value customers . take your money elsewhere .
messed up order several times for togo , gave attitude while paying . most likely not going back again
my husband and i have horrible food poisoning from eating at this place . absolutely disgusted by this place
went there for lunch . expensive , tiny portions . service was slow and not attentive . try harder next time .
they change prices as your picking produce and won't honor the price that was posted when you check out .
worst service ever , reps lie about features . will never go back . don't buy the fry's warranty , it's worthless .
ordered from here hrs ago ! food still not here delivery sucks will never order from here again
i have only one suggestion . gorden ramsey please help this place . the one star should go to the server .
terrible service . gave me a two day window they were supposed to be there then didn't even show up . shoddy .
unprofessional . doesn't speak any english . ride . refused me service . fuck this place .
security physically assaulted my friend for a drink lmao what a tiny man complex . won't be coming back
closed early just because they wanted to . typical annoying portland . will not go back .
we seldom eat at chili's but the food is good reasonable priced . our server shelby was a great .
first time going here . terrible service , worse food . don't waste time and money .
the chicken was dry . it was not fresh but the mac cheese and collard greens were delicious !
not impressed . plus parking is misery as plaza is very busy
i had a terrible experience with the staff . not nearly close to the magical day i've been having .
reminded me of my mom's italian food , i . e . they tried real hard but in the end i was not satisfied .
sad bar experience . bartender is inexperienced and has attitude . if it weren't for friends i am with i would leave .
staff and service bad and not so friendly . so don't be surprised if they are rude ! food good .
a party of took over hours to eat and desert took minutes to serve . poor overall experience
terrible staff . bouncers who pick fights with costumers treating them with zero respect . none of us will be returning .
they just took min to adjust the position of glass inside the door and asked for !
just was cut off in traffic by cab . if you value your life do not take this taxi service .
sausage sandwich without sausage . and they forgot my hash brown . epic fail th . so annoying . and it wasn't even warm .
doctors treated me like a freak because i have reactions to soy based products etc . very condescending
avoid this place at all cost . literally , price gouging . . further from the airport . . here . bs
we came here for grinch pancakes and now our christmas eve is ruined because they no longer have them !
so basically someone on a review said that this particular nail supply was open to the public wrong !
probably one of the worse malls i've been to . the only good stores here are marshalls , best buy , and target .
that's not corned beef . that's pastrami . the bagels might be good , but the sandwich was definitely mediocre .
sat for minutes without being acknowledged . after reading the reviews . i decided to go elsewhere .
they closed the doors permanently . and didn't tell their amazing crew ! i won't support any of their establishments again .
horrible manager , treats his staff awfully . ruined an otherwise decent breakfast experience .
sticky bun and a white cake are too sweet , salad is ok
my burrito have tortillas and those guys are making fun with the food they serving . never again .
pathetic , they don't even have the decency to change menus between lunch and dinner .
terribly rude and racist towards myself and everyone around me . nasty coffee . boycott this place !
small , overpriced , and slow . won't be coming back , and i work right across the street .
do yourself a favor and skip this place . service is slow and food is mediocre at best .
menu options are limited and overpriced . food quality is so so . their beer is good . that's about it .
awful attitude not going back there ever again , a lot of overpriced low quality items
overpriced . sorry , but should buy more than something that barely resembles a sandwich .
we just ordered from here and our garlic knots are legitimately moldy absolutely disgusting
was glad to have one at the airport , but could supply better service and cleaner facility .
meh . i've experienced better . service , meh . food , meh . decore , meh .
eh , nothing exciting . the only thing memorable was how dry the potato salad was . i'll pass on eating here again .
food was flavorless , not so authentic . if you looking for authentic chinese food , don't come here . people are ok though
boring food , bad service , and confusing atmosphere . i can confidently say that i will never come here again .
my pizza arrived to my house cold and didn't taste good anymore . what a waste of money
sadly food , service , noise level , and value were pretty much worst experience of
service very unfriendly , food mediocre and i'm being generous . bad night ? maybe , but a second chance is out .
food was fine . staff was rude . don't think i'll be returning . i can get similar food elsewhere with better service .
soooo slow and coffee tasted burnt . make sure you get fresh shots because i sure didn't
they are so rude i've been with verizon for years and this has to be the worst store ever
this food was nasty . the chicken have no flavor and the fries was cold . the rice is disgusting .
this place is horrible and way over priced , food sucks . avoid it
not worth the money ! limited food selection . service was not the best either ! plates dirty !
service is the worst ! food is so so . cant be compared to the real stk , unfortunately !
food was good , but portion is very small , especially for the price . the oxtail soup was total disappointment .
worst company ever . before buy any insurance make sure they doesn't have any relationship with claims pro
we liked the decor of the place and location . food was mediocre and service slow . menus dirty .
the staff working here are rude and unprofessional . the salon itself is outdated and unclean . not worth the cheap price .
our review was posted . over four years later , someone from bpm responded . that says a lot .
central location . one word . gross . i am a thriftaholic . this does nothing for me .
pumps down and location closed at a hour establishment . power is on . lights are on . no good !
owner and dr martin expressed an inflexible attitude toward my unique circumstances .
not the best . teriyaki chicken is frequently charred and you can taste it !
this is no rating but want to know is it really halal the people who work there said it's halal ?
they're closed , tax stamp of death on the door .
food was great but the blonde female manager was incredibly rude . makes me not want to return .
after being seated , waited for over min and no employee of the many that walked past acknowledged us .
cafe xu hue is better . i prefer other places . but it has better bun bo hue than thai hoa
bank of america is still disputing harbor's ridiculous charges .
beware . aweful service . rude server . mimoasa was small and overpriced . was planning to eat but left due to inadequate service .
just an aweful lunch . mediocre food with lousy service .
over priced and cheap material . they do not have a return policy which makes it difficult
eh . the sign says it all pizza , beer , wine . popular with frat guys .
they are closed for renovations . would have been nice to know prior to ubering here from the airport
bullshit hours . nuff said .
expensive and tasteless . the fish is very fried and dry . tipping is included in the check automatically .
was told when store closed , got there in time and was told registers already closed and refused service . avoid .
rude chick at paint department , just cause your having a bad day dosen't mean you can ruin my day
kinda spending for a combo but their hawaii delight ice cream dessert is truly a delight .
bland food , too expensive , lousy service . i hope something better moves into their space soon .
messed my prescription , incorrectly billed for procedure , ineffective follow up .
worst papari chaat in whole boston region
that is not hookah smoke yall smell it is marijuana and its thick
overpriced beer and disgusting food . also , they messed up my order .
the worst place to go come at your own risk the food was horrible don't waste your time or money .
the doctors did a wonderful job with our children's ears . the overbilling and billing department have been a nightmare .
very salty food . not good at all . so disappointed with the reviews and how it really turn out
driver was foul mouthed , nasty , and rude . take your business elsewhere .
you will wait in line forever and you order won't be correct for more money than starbucks
was told they couldn't find my company's address in their gps and was then hung up on .
i did not make it past the phone call . arrogant , rude , condescending .
i was given the wrong change back and once they realized they made a mistake , they didn't apologize
sketch bartenders . watch your drinks , ladies . could be a great place , but needs new staff .
brunch . wait staff were cranky , self absorbed and tired . service was scattered . food was so so .
i'm trying to eat my sandwich right now . sub par to say the least . how do you mess up a sandwich ?
countless people have gotten sick here . please do not eat here if you cant tolerate gluten
i've had usaa for decades . just had my first claim . simple auto claim . what a nightmare . skip this one .
the service could have been better . maybe a bit understaffed . food mediocre . mocktails were really fun ! patio is great .
the service was poor the pizza was cold and flimsy and overpriced . will not be back . i
worst place ever , terrible service , huge wait isn't worth it treated like trash , wouldn't recommend .
what's with this place , the line was huge . i will have to try this another time .
the staff was extremely rude and made asking anything feel stupid . very unprofessional , the other reds is way better .
i heard such great things , but between the rude staff and week drinks once was plenty .
the air is not working tonight . thank god for the dj and the bartenders fighting thru this damn heat
the worse ! take an uber or lyft . the wait is absurd and the drivers are so ghetto and unprofessional !
said she didn't have time for a phone order . super rude . it's am . not exactly rush hour yet .
just had the least bountiful lunch on recent memory . think twice .
foods bland and the beans taste like baked beans from a can . stay away .
sorry , but their steaks are lacking tenderness lately . it's even hard to cut with a knife .
pretty sure if the jersey shore cast came to boston this is where they would hang out .
pretty disgusting room with unwashed cloths . service was so horrendous , our party walked out of the restaurant in minutes
heard things about very racist treatment of ex patrons . i will never visit this location or any other .
don't do it , run away . the food is mediocre all the way around .
sizes are not consistent and the sales reps are rude . don't expect help if you are shopping at this zara
worst store in the history , customer service is absolutely trash .
i had ordered kadai paneer . i got paneer and pasta sauce . absolutely bad taste . i wish i had skipped dinner .
worst food and service in the short north . avoid two fish , red , and shoku !
would give zero stars if i could . this bank sucks . customer service is non existent .
is it me or just all fast foods are slow . and the line be wrapped around the building
my god please , just go to hilton's tent city . much of the same with experienced staff and without the pretense .
things have gone downhill and it's just best to stay away .
strange unnatural taste to the dried out meat served with the frozen vegetables by a man who didn't care .
cons seems dirty , average food , sushi guy did not wash hands after he peed . pros fast service , nice people .
you call it samosa ? i dont want to translate my thoughts to words .
this used to be one of my favorite restaurants . but new owner and the magic is gone . too bad .
not very good . everything is drowning in sauces to cover up the lack of any interesting flavors .
too much hype . too long of a que . i think ben's and jerry is much much better .
poor service . very slow . unprofessional staff . need to attend hospitality management classes .
love this nail place !
horrible service . arrogant owner . will not go back and would not recommend with so many better pho choices in portland .
had the chinese chicken . not bad sauce but very little chicken in the serving . won't return .
texas law makers need give these people a pointy boot right in the corn hole .
my wife got so sick after eating thien hong's calimari feb th that she swore she was dying
i don't know what all the hype is about . little food and a very rushed atmosphere .
i wouldn't recommend this company to anyone . their customer service is horrible !
wish i could give negative stars . this place is one of the worst from a service perspective .
they gave me flat coke and forgot my french fries . awful service ! if i could give no stars , i would .
this is how 'clean' our cups were here . the food is alright , but definitely lack in cleaness
food wasn't that great . wish they would speak english . very hard time understanding .
waited minutes at our table , we got up and walked out . thanks for wasting out time !
had to return the orange mango to the cashier . didn't taste any mango .
the service was slow and food wasn't delivered timely . suggest management give thought to adding more staff .
i'd hardly give this place a single star , the prices are outrageous considering the merchandise .
nice to see renovations . no luck connecting to free wii fi . even though full bars on multiple devices . frustrating
food was not good . design decor is too simple . i love greek cuisine . the service was good though
stars for smiling service minus stars for the food equals . stars
you were rude to my mother . to my mother . and your scones suck . 'nuff said .
terrible smoothies ! they tasted like sweaty gym socks mixed with dishwater with a dash of banana . so bad .
food sucks , atmosphere is lame , and drinks are pricey . no reason to go here .
can't speak to what they carry because i've been twice during business hours and they aren't open . just a bummer .
this is the least enjoyable olive garden i've visited . the chicken was overcooked and the service was very slow .
got here sunday am with family . service is thin . tables and floor are clearly from the previous day .
owner is consistently rude . we won't patronize this business any more .
this place is nasty ! bathrooms are so dirty and the food sucks ! i will never come back to this place .
food ok service terrible waited minutes for an app . then got no silverware napkins .
boooooooooooo ! food is overpriced and not very good . service is rude and sparse . floor is dirty .
if you want slow service , cold food , and awful employees and management this is the place to go !
closed and for a good reason . awful customer service , terrible food . happy to see you go .
terrible experience . their food is subpar and their service is far from even ok .
horrible service . panera bread is one of my favorite fast food places , but try to stay away from this location .
the grits are loose with no butter or salt . beautiful place with great drinks . sad about the food
horrible , slow , and inattentive service . mediocre food and weak drinks . don't eat here .
whether it's the fancy layer cakes or tea cakes etc their terrible . go to shaws supermarket for better baked goods
the coffee is decent here but the atmosphere is so weird and it smells absolutely awful .
closed , summer . too bad , it was my favorite location !
poor customer service and ridiculously high mark ups ! will never give them my business again .
very rude service and even worse food . i noticed hk customers sometimes receive better service there . is there a reason ?
overpriced taco cabana quality faux mexican food . the mcdonald's next door is actually fresher .
stay clear of this one . bad food . poor atmosphere . slow waiters .
drive thru takes half your life's time . you'll be coffin shopping by the time you get your twist cone .
don't ask for anything off menu unless you like the wait staff to act like complete assholes . overrated .
not fond of it . slow service and the nacho chips were stale . the rest of the food is ok .
first and last time . chicken was nasty and dry . creamy tahini sauce was gross . i threw out half the bowl .
salesmen are not helpful . rude . left and bought a car that same night at another place in needham .
food overpriced . the online oredering stinks to hours for del
meh . we had the avgolemono soup and falafel plate , and both tasted like null
fresh , ok flavor , lots of options and family friendly . salsas are okay .
sandwishes are very expensive for the the food quality , size , and sides they provide . coffe might be good
the brunch was pretty good , but the dinner was so bad , everything taste same , sweet like hell .
great selection of guitars . employees were rude , short and wanted us in and out . won't go back .
bad crowd most nights . food wasnt great and the drinks were expensive and not strong
staff was great . food was not . i ordered the pasta and as my colleague put it , it's surprisingly tasteless .
awful . doesnt do what he says he will before surgery and then doesnt answer calls . takes your money . no guarantee
rude mother fucker staff not responding to question politely just because he is work time is finished . outrageous .
cool atmosphere but the food is overpriced i've definitely had much better bbq food good and unique beer selection though
as soon as it hits clubbing hours , this place is just the worst in boston .
you spend hours looking around in the store and then hours in line to checkout this is ridiculous .
be prepared to wait a life time for service of any kind at this rip off center .
no ! not good ! please train your barista ! cappuccino waaaaay to hot ! no milk integration !
the rude people and long wait times are frustrating . shed leaked multiple times . raised rent with no warning .
always closes earlier than they should . employees are lazy , slow , and rude . go to the one on stringtown near by .
dry catfish po'boy is never what you expect
excellent salad bar but their entrees are generally pretty disappointing and they have the ambiance of a funeral home .
chain restaurant catering to young families with children . once is enough for me .
all crust and little toppings . the crust was tough and crumbly . save your money and order domino's .
every detail of my experience was terrible .
kind of disappointed everything is cooked in lard pork and the vegetarian tamales are stored with pork defeats the purpose .
empty shelves , old meat with molds . not a returning customer .
a day after the whole fiasco , i received an apology from the agent , as well .
the decor is nice , service was superb but food was nasty . no flavor and undercooked . wont be returning
i would only recommend you eat this pizza if you like diarrhea , cause that's gonna be the end result .
love the food but no mask enforcement at all when we went after the mandate passed this week . bummer .
went here looking for courtney from the drake song couldn't find her this is bullshit
they don't have a good selection of wearable or in style items .
seriously ? how was this place recommended ? i wish i'd gotten my burger at red robin instead
terrible and overpriced . to install a toilet they want , thats outragous . i got taken once , but never again .
this establishment is very unprofessional and tacky . they take forever ! not coming back
been sitting here waiting for quite a while . really slow service . and there are plenty of empty tables
average place . very warm inside and not much of air circulation or air conditioning happening there .
miserable greeting service . estimates min wait . ask minutes later and it's minutes ? disaster
just got some vegtable stir fry to go , with a side of baby roach . never coming back here again ! grossss !
i love the food so much , but seriously no straws ? not even biodegradable ? good gosh . givemeastraw
went here because of the allegedly fantastic burgers . they aren't . bland but filling . i can't remember anything great about this place
most starbucks have gone down hill but this one really dropped the ball .
extremely slow service , sub par cocktails , expected more but overall experience left me wishing we would've stayed home .
worst spicy sushi . it's laughable . fresh and affordable but save yourself the trouble of order vancouvers best spicy sushi
staff are polite . food is terrible . extremely slow service . do not waste time and here .
visited for lunch after ash wednesday service . good waiter . good service . food was underwhelming and average for the price .
overpriced , time consuming and absolutely not helpful . will never repeat the same mistake lesson learned . worst i've ever spent .
poor service . changed the whole business model and it's crappy . not worth the time or cost .
as expected below average , pad thai was mushy with no taste . avoid .
do not order delivery ! over hour wait . poor customer service . avoid !
my family got food poisoning from ordering takeout . we had diarrhea , vomiting , chills , and nausea . not fun at all .
the ridiculously long line out the door most nights is inexplicable . sort of emperor's got no clothes on thing going on . overrated .
high fence with doors closed protecting the village . if you are not member you are not welcome
impressed with neither their pushy sales people nor their fussy expensive choices . won't return .
expensive but not upto the standard . served undercooked food . the place feels like a local joint
i think you know me emily you have all my contact information we have communicated many times
damn , bobs ! a stale hot dog role as a bread accompaniment for a grilled chicken greek salad ?
if the place is closed it should be removed from the site
overpriced , food not that great and not the best service . we even gave it another chance and were still disappointed .
costomer service is lacking . they just aren't curtious with customers at the rental counter . general mood in here is depressed .
chicken cabanera made with bacon is literally a bucket of alfredo sauce with chicken nuggets lol
was disappointed eating here . i had the waffle and chicken sausage . food was cold and very lackluster .
i was not too thrilled with the appetizers . though fresh , the portion sizes were small and overpriced for the quality .
the waitor is extremely rude and he ruined my birthday . food is okay but does not worth the price .
nothing special . went because of the reviews . genki ya next door is a lot better . yawn .
horrible customer service ! wouldn't honor appointment timeframe . took my business elsewhere .
bombay cafe is the good restaurant . just does not has sugar in their food but taste is good .
way clutter what a mess can't find anything smelly need serious cleaning and maintain the store
this place is so bad it hurts . the food was awful , the service was worse . never again .
overrated , overpriced watered down milkshakes with super average burgers . kicking myself in the rear for coming here .
the staff was disdainful to the customers . need to improve customer service .
the pharmacy here is the single best advertisement for getting your prescriptions on line
now very friendly staff . the hot lobster roll is not worth the . very soggy and lack of taste .
in the descriprion it says it ia open all day long but today of december arelind aclock closed ?
mediocre cheap food . get what you pay for i guess .
came during lunch break . very very slow . food was just ok . our order got messed up after waiting for minutes .
it looks and sounds good , but unfortunately just isn't the same thing as real ice cream .
this place sucks . the food didnt taste good and the service wasnt the nicest and was not on top of it .
wings were horrible ! great place to watch soccer . wings were old , stale . nasty .
the worst place to take your shoes . the guy there was rude and they ripped me off .
assholes bad service bad employees shitty food k old man thinks h is all that and a bag of chips
this mcdonald's sells fried roaches with your meal . do not go to this nasty place . disgusting
i am going to laugh at anybody that waits in a really long line for a burger in texas .
this place is a scam they steal your money ! no results and word . court ! ii
most outdated and tiny , crowded sky club i've seen . they charge you for drinks too . dirty . bar staff inattentive . avoid .
only one item with gator
overprized . creedy management . filthy locker rooms and showers . moldy carpets and leaking ceilings . if you can avoid it do so .
terrible service . food was burned . waitress disappeared . we are local and will . not return .
disappointing food . not sauced or seasoned properly . rude uninterested waitress who smelled like a smoke break . disappointing .
warm sushi . selection wasn't all that great . it's a fun environment but it's not worth the money imo .
this place is shady . they tried to inflate my bill and hide it by not presenting an itemized receipt .
remodel and take pride where you work . this place needs cleaned . management should be embarrassed
way over priced compared to juniper which serves food that is comparable if not better .
i went on grand opening day . this celebrated dim sum restaurant ran out of dim sum . i left . lol .
very overpriced . paid about for a small slice of cheese pizza . not worth the money .
snore . plain jane burger joint . no appies rushed service . sides are extra . hingham beer works here i come
another disappointment . the atm they have is broken . at pm on a saturday . what's wrong with this bank ? !
terrible place . had to wait for an hour to have someone take my order ! rude staff , terrible management
food was super boring and we saw a mouse on our way out . do not go here !
poor maintenance , management , parking , etc . highly recommend you go somewhere else !
if you want a beer it's not a bad place . food is frozen and the bathrooms are disgusting .
this place treats people aweful . they are rude and one of the worst pedicures i've ever had .
i can't believe this place has zero vegetarian options . in oakhurst ? whatever . it's a great location , but that's all .
terrible they steal packages beware . had a package sent at this location and never got received to me
bad customers service . cashiers are immature , cannot count and roll their eyes while with the customers .
staff is pretty unfriendly . and i'm sad they don't do the breakfast all day thing .
long wait strike one price strike two bad food strike three
boring menu , poor ingredients . why not at least have decent bread for subs ?
service was weak , my drink came in a dirty glass , crusted on the inside food was average
do not go there ! they don't know what they do . they are so unprofessional , the worst dentists in lake mary .
they offer nice parties to promote community artists among other events .
worst customer service ever ! the only thing that kept me going back was my nail technician , kelly .
i never thought pizza could be both overdone and undercooked , but here i am leaving this review .
good ambiance ! young crowd . super loud on weekends . food is ok . do not recommend for family !
don't go by for breakfast , they may not be open . don't bother calling because they won't answer the phone !
extremely unfriendly and homophobic staff . i would pay more somewhere else than dealing with these people .
runny , no great flavors worst froyo in austin !
this place is hell !
horrible staff on the floor for concerts . extremely rude and really took away a lot from the show . ridiculous
tasty baklava , but i was very much unimpressed by the falafel there . not terribly flavorful .
wasted min in line for the grand opening and left . poor experience ! won't be back .
smaller than you'd expect . very loud . pretty dirty . way over priced . i really can't say much more than that .
today i was served microwaved leftover bacon and sausage , and barely warm eggs and toast .
greedy . money hungry owners ! i would highly encourage you to take your business else where !
this place is terrible . look at this sandwich . kraft singles and raw jalapenos on a half cooked waffle . no .
my gel manicure lasted less than a week and it took over an hour .
gave them another try a few months back with a scoutmob . nothing new to report , sadly .
wrong hours on yelp for friday . poke bar closes at pm . a little fn annoyed by this place now .
big plates of food for very low price . but don't expect quality .
bar service is extremely slow . good bartenders need to be trained to keep your eyes up . this is bartending .
i ordered takeout and the pizza wasn't cooked all the way through , sad . . for a small deep dish pizza .
tortilla soup tasted like campbell's vegetable and the diced vegetables looked like it soup .
weak drinks . food tasted strange . the chips and salsa were pretty good , but that's about it . will never go back here .
the ribs were ok but cold . like the sauce but the side's man n cheese green beans were spoiled !
terrible service . it has been days since postal carrier picked up mail and no one ever answers the phone !
skip the one in lake oswego and head out to alberta . food's fine , but the service is blah !
the new assigned seating is a major inconvenience . completely unnecessary in my opinion . i won't be going here anymore .
nothing special . got sick after eating here . mashed potatoes were like paste . chicken was cold . dark setting .
they wont let you return anything even their price is higher than other store never shop here again
very cold . decor too dark . service lacked attention to detail . but our waiter was nice !
nasty cashier with an attitude . managers should have at least soma ability to detect good vs bad employees .
attendant was very rude and unprofessional . zero stars . will do everything in my power to never park here again .
poor management bait and switch on prices . very shady . watch out if signing a lease . better option out there .
excruciatingly slow service . forgot the apps . seafood fresh but unremarkably prepared .
overrated on open table . food , service , ambiance . all overrated . tourist trap . mouse running across the floor was the last straw .
terrible company that treats disabled individuals terrible . stay away from this wild west facility that makes up there own laws .
don't waste your money on this service terrible . very expensive total rip off .
the usps website says that they process passports at this location but they do not . staff is unhelpful and uninformed .
the worst customer service in the industry . listen to us do not sign up .
i did not like this place at all . there wasn't that much food and the food tasted bland .
apartment left unattended with no sign whatsoever in the middle of a business day .
extremely slow service and lack of organized . even there are tables available , customers still need to wait for an hour .
terrible management . rent is too high for the terrible apartment . ugly woman working in the office are rude
beer and vibe is fantastic . employees do not smile or look like they enjoy working here .
this was the worse ever . food cold , and taste like card board . health inspection needed . restroom gross .
very poor quality . zipper broke first time i washed this jacket . won't buy another columbia product .
the portions were sooo small ! definitely not worth the money at all . avoid this place at all costs !
three hours late four hours from the time of ordering , food arrived cold and was missing tortillas .
terrible service . men that work there incredibly rude and disrespectful for no apparent reason . will not be coming back .
the dumplings with pork were meh and dripping with grease . . for is ok but wish it tasted better .
sportsworld supports and promotes cop killers . i can't believe you are allowing this convicted cop killer in your store . boycottsportsworld .
don't order the potato skins . period .
this food made my stomach rumble all night , portions were bigger than i wanted , and the taste was ehhhh
they don't make a good ramen ! too salty ! i will not come back again ! don't waste your money !
good drinks . bland food , especially the beef tacos . i'm over this place . the cool name can only help so much .
awful service if you are not throwing cash in their face . pitiful at pm . acl is no excuse
impolite service and over priced . would not recommend . the woman that helped us was rude and pushy .
the food was not flavorful , the service was fine , but they need to use some spices or something
the fact that you have to wait over minutes to purchase an apple watch is ridiculous .
fast delivery , reasonable prices , but unremarkable pizza . skimpy on the cheese . you do just as well with domino's .
small , clumpy , very different compared to other snowy village . very disappointed . go to the one on alexandra rd instead
we're hopefully going to look back a few years from now and wonder how companies like centurylink ever survived .
mediocre and overpriced gelato in a quaint atmosphere .
super clever idea , but the worst haircut my husband and son ever got .
horrible food , horrible service , horrible atmosphere . avoid at all costs . so many better options on international drive .
pizza was greasy , no flavor . calzone was all meat , barely any calzone . wont do it again .
very rude manager who attributed a confusing situation to his own employee , belittling her as just a hostess
pretty good overpriced dumplings , but damn y'all , stop moving back the reservations only date !
inefficient security lines and tsa agents swearing about passengers in front of other passengers and children . very very poor experience .
not new york fast , i can tell you that . food ok . service medicore . nothing to rave about honestly .
we ordered dishes . sesamee chicken was over fried pad thai was bland and vietnamese soup well prepared .
nice staff , now with that out of the way , keep driving and go to the brookside , i just did you a favor , you're welcome .
not great . not a don't miss restaurant . it didn't taste very good and i did not get my money's worth .
place is a joke . worst resident relations ever
mediocre burger , poor service , overly complicated menu , and what's up with the ipad ish gizmo ? won't be back .
i didn't like the tortilla and the rice was crusty . the stewed chicken was good .
service and food was sub par tonight . chef o , i am disappointed . will not be back for a while .
keep your receipt and check the actual amount charged . they increased my tip amount .
the store is small and dirty and the selection is limited . there are any number of better options , including whole foods .
inconsistent management . undertrained staff . found a piece of metal in my salad . would not recommend .
not a very cozy breakfast joint . feels more like a cafeteria . bunch of tables in a wide open room .
web links to menu and their website don't work so know nothing about them and will never go there .
the athmosphere is nice but the food is just ok . but the service was sooooo slow !
no call no show . from the other reviews , it seems i may have actually dodged a bullet . oh well .
no lettuce , small slices of tomato , ample bacon , but little mayo , and not put together very well . very disappointing .
they have a chronic issue with lockers being broken into ! management is non apologetic and doing nothing about it !
restaurant depot needs to change their name to ridiculous depot . shut this damn place down
they've done some good work for me . but after last visit i wouldn't recommend them .
i'm from eugene oregon and i'm not paying four dollars for a donut it's just not worth it .
this place wasn't too bad . pedicure is pretty short , not much to say about it .
the worst phone support any company ever . called times to reach an agent who wasn't any help either
lousy wine , snobbish servers , food is mediocre . if there were negative stars i would use them .
meh doughnuts . a tourist trap . fun ideas though , wish they tasted better .
i ordered pillows and it took them days to finally ship them out of their warehouse . totally inexcusable .
go to costco instead for a new phone these people are monsters , terrible service .
the rice is like half cooked , the kids teriyaki chicken meal only have three pieces of chicken . serves so poor .
terrible service and professionalism . i will never come back to this place or recommend it to anyone .
lousy meatballs and overpriced . for a pita . sauces had little flavor and salad was soggy .
mizithra cheese pasta with brown butter sauce . it's the only thing i go here for .
slow food small portions service was terrible . took over an hour to get a burger !
chocolate cannoli not at all impressive . terrible , rude service . and they don't accept credit cards . definitely won't be back .
if you like douche bags , roofies and getting the clap you will love the model cafe .
long lines and horrible service . avoid this place and reserve a rental car at the airport !
incompetent location . slow drive through . not prepared . long line and still food not ready long after ordered .
not good . don't eat here . service was ok , but the food wasn't great , and it was pretty expensive .
dead cocker roach in my coffee at the holbrook center street store . never again ! disgusting !
if you like plastic people , rude staff and over priced mediocre small portion food . this is your place !
racist location . managers defend racism ! i was promised a resolution that i never received .
slow service . mediocre food . bland and not particularly interesting to the palate . small , unimpressive brunch menu . stars for good coffee .
used to be good but nowadays their pizza is consistently dry with very few toppings
terrible service , overpriced and gross pizza . stay away
long wait , burnt potatoes , frozen turkey sausage patty , biscuits didn't taste fresh . definitely a let down
rude staff . very dirty table with spilt food on the floor beneath , spilt coffee pot still on table .
stay away ! they quoted one price then couldn't actually fix the problem but i still had to pay .
horrible food , horrible service . not authentic mexican food . the chef needs a culinary reality check .
we waited here for minutes . nobody said hello or even gave us menus so we left .
corporate , touristy , and overpriced . what you would expect , i guess . not an ounce of warmth in the place .
it's a good place for drinking . food is absolutely gross . everything served is probably frozen .
dont get cut by fredrick or alicia ! go to peace club to get right th st suite
owned and operated by rapists , victims , and rape apologists .
arrived at pm on a saturday , they advised they had no chicken available . yes , kfc didn't have chicken .
closed at pm on a thursday when yelp indicated open until . no sign on the door displaying hours .
the adjustment made to my rays made them lopsided . i just asked for it to be tighten .
really not good . searched down this place based on reviews . crepes were nearly inedible . not good . so disappointing .
rough shape for a busy weekend . ran out of every beer we ordered and food was mediocre at best .
this place is vile . gnats and rotten produce . dim lighting and the parking lot is a failed state .
long lines . friendly service . the food is nothing special grease spoon stuff . somewhat pricy . i don't get it
sold me fake opalite a few months ago but kinda cute environment in the store i guess
read reviews and save money . food is nasty and very slow service . minutes for a nasty rare prime rib
great steaks and atmosphere . bf got food poising from the lamb . too bad we will not be going back .
their sign says they open at am monday friday but they're never there until after .
walked out immediately because the place was full of cigarette smoke . no filtration system was apparent .
opened late . wouldn't take orders . line formed and i left . no use in trying the food .
prices too high , male workers with attitude and no masks , food mediocre , must order rice , and i will not return .
great service and good food . love to sit outside on the patio but unfortunately too much second hand smoke
the place is kinda dirty when i went . the cashier was reading a book and didn't even bother to help .
tourists love this place for some reason . long lines , order at counter , search for table , understaffed and bland .
yes it's true . this mcdonald's is horrible . the slowest , worst service in the fast food industry
manager owner very unprofessional . zero communication skills . waitstaff is super . manager owner needs to stay home or wash dishes and nothing else .
the employee does not have any customer courtesy . unfriendly . playing on the phone while at work in the bar . disappointing !
the worst experience , you can imagine . no responsibility . no customer service .
decent ok to acceptable cheese but specialty pizza tasted like salt all around .
they never answer phone calls so setting an appointment is impossible . rude people working front desk . terrible service .
want to like it , but consistently understaffed . you opened a new place , spend a few dollars and impress your customers .
this place sucks ! going else where everyone needs retrainng and they are oblivious !
food is disgusting . only eat if you are hammered at am lol drinks are strong service not so great !
overpriced sandwiches , not particularly good . and they charge bucks for a cup of tap water .
not very attentive service and honestly the bar felt a bit grimy and dirty .
worst customers experience in vancouver yet . rude and unprofessional , especially this sweet girl vicky .
long wait times , horrible customer service , mediocre food and the managers just hang out talking by the bar .
cold tacos . the chicken tasted good but not with a cold tortilla . i call back and they didn't care .
horrible service beyond belief . on a daily basis mail is delivered to the incorrect addresses in randolph .
gone down hill ! excessively burnt crust and not enough cheese . so disappointed . hopefully this is just because of the pandemic .
treated rudely over a very simple inquiry by the hotel staff . i would not recommend .
if your sign says open until pm , don't turn away customers at pm . shame to treat a customer like this !
portions are very small and rice and beans for the table is a complete joke . totally overpriced .
went to buffet like two months ago and they all tasted like hot dogs but the chili was good
no service even offered . phone numbers do not ring , no vm , etc . awful business solution .
hours online say a i arrive at a and door is locked
thought the ice cream itself was too sweet . reminded me of cold stone ice cream , not a fan .
zoom care is not very zoomy ! even with an appointment we've been waiting for a very long time .
strange consistency of sweet and sour chicken . egg drop soup very thick . lackluster service .
tawna probably has the worst attitude and would highly not this place solely because of her . next .
terrible service ! have to wait minutes for on the go order for most the time . bad management
mold , horrible rooms , not worth it . spend your money somewhere else , it's well deserved .
the looming inside curra is nice . foods is just ok ok . i could have a better mexican foods .
would not go there again ! the staff is nice but they do a poor job with simple boys haircuts .
the food is so so , and the waitress is not polite nor nice to asian ppl . don't come here .
speaking for the takeout experience pizza is pretty much cold , with a terrible , mushy dough and tasteless toppings
golden great wall was disappointing . the food was bland and the hot and sour soup was indelible . steer clear
i can get better chinese from any 'hood take out in the chi . austinites , you're being played . overly salty , too .
i just drove by , this place looks like a halfway house not that would ever stay their
fun place to be poor customer service ! owner does not know how to speak nor take constructive criticism .
soooo gross . greasy doughnuts with lots of sugar on top to hide the terrible lack of taste .
poor quality cheap house brand tires . ntb has a better selection and a better tire for the same price .
fries cold , no salt . fast food does not mean sloppy and nasty . you all could do a lot better .
has anyone figured out how to get someone on the phone from this bank . jeez . it is frustrating at best .
just ate lunch there and had the brisket , it was old and dry , very disappointed . not good bar b q at all .
server forgot to bring beverages , service was slow and it was ppl in the restaurant . food was cold
worst restaurant ever . terrible service . owner doesn't care about neighboring businesses . don't come here .
if they cannot figure out how to properly submit a claim to your insurance what else can't they do right ! ? ! ? !
let's just say rude ! food is good depending on what day you're on but the service is womp womp
came here for the good reviews but the counter staff was so unfriendly , it ruined our experience
great location , great price but there's a night club attached to the hotel so it's loud !
some of the worst indian food in austin , especially the lunch buffet . don't waster your time , there are better options .
terrible nail job done on my daughter . i guess they rushed to close . black polish on fingers cuticles . not cool .
this place was not all that great . food was okay lacking quality . would not recommend . good customer service tho
bug in my pizza . shouldn't happen , need to pay attention back there . too much joking around .
drinks were good , the duck was really chewy . it was an okay experience .
service was poor , food was nothing special , was not worth the drive .
worst experience ever stay away . there are many better resorts around . under staffed for a big place like that .
employee wouldn't stop flitting with the customer . taking too long to work her sandwich .
closed on mondays ? what business besides hair studios is closed on monday ?
slow service for drive in and the food is late and cold . burgers could use a bit more taste too
wasn't impressed . waitress was great but overworked . the guy who brought the food out could care less .
ordering online takes way too long . i've waited minutes for some of my orders . waste of time
worst slowest service ever ! every single time i've gone they screw up the order . just . no !
zero stars . really really awful . always crowded . always dirty . unknowledgable staff . lowlife clientele . avoid at all costs . rotten .
service was good . food needs some serious work . potato's were undercooked and eggs bennie was gross .
served order completely different , it's too oily and tasteless , try to beirut if u want real mediterranean food .
food was ok . definitely better buffets around but this one is relatively inexpensive so you get what you pay for .
overpriced for what it is and the service offered one can order just as healthy and more plentiful food elsewhere .
no smoothie bar , no prosciutto deli selection , and no food serving station . how impersonal can you get . done shopping here .
i understand that it's under new ownership since the camera incident . still , only ok . not great .
sounds like laycock has been padding his pockets instead of his ottomans . brings new meaning to easy chair .
horrible deli service . short staffed and have people working who don't know what they are doing .
zero rating ! this is the same incompetent bureaucracy who's going to handle your healthcare !
slow service for a take out place and somewhat bland food . props for being cheap and not greasy though .
crabstick nigiri ! ? like many other dishes only a dollar . but seriously . imitation crabstick nigiri ?
food is great . service is horrible . staff leave much to be desired . try the other locations .
refused to charge posted menu prices and kicked us out as we got our overpriced , yet delicious coffee
customer service is very nice , but i was not sold on the actual cleaning of my garments or the prices .
i literally just made an account for this experience . honestly one of the worst service experiences ever .
great food . rude help . have them many opportunities to be nice . shame on me for that .
hey if you're going to publish that you're open until midnight then don't close at pm . bad form
garbage place and horrible staff i'd stay away , the staff is incredibly rude and one of the chefs incredibly sexist .
the service here is like a joke , won't come here again if i have other options
way overpriced for mediocre tacos that are small in size and underwhelming in taste . disappointed . will not eat here again .
aaargh no one here will help check books out . they have only robot book check machines . lame !
roaches and horrible service , wanted to scream leaving there paying what i did for what i got .
their attitude toward customer makes me uncomfortable and this is the first time i write a yelp review .
closed by health department finally this place has many comments on here about the health risks
out of barbecue at on a saturday night . get your stuff together . waiter unapologetic with attitude .
food is cold . lobsters are okay . not very good . chinese styled decorations . would not recommend
don't eat here . the service is awful which is the last thing you need to deal with when inbetween flights .
asking a first nations guy if he wants his ponytail cut off ? then laughing ? really classy , dudes .
empanadas are good . mini chicken are dissapointing . food comes quickly enough . just isnt very good .
this place puts red onions on pizza and when i asked for white they said that they didn't have any . next
it fucking sucks they wont make your personal pizza rude staff and the worst i ever seen fuck them
terrible service , weak drinks . save your money and go elsewhere anywhere on moody st !
food was just okay . the old man that sits behind the counter is grumpy and cranky .
out of business don't waste your time . closed forever ghfjdjdhdhdh josh shhhhh . dhdhddhdhdh fhdhdhddhud dhdhddhdhdh dhdhddhdhdh dhdhddhdhdh dhdhddhdhdh
pedestrian in every way . i would think that it would take effort to find sauce this bland .
for a small chicken pho ? ! ? it was ok , but i left feeling ripped off . and hungry .
they kept pushing and trying to charge me for a service that another dentist said i did not need .
smells like cleaning fluid . not authentic at all . a last resort when looking for mexican food
waited a long time for a table the crab is way too salt . but the manager was great !
service extremely slow . waited more than an hour for my order , when it should've only taken minutes .
cheap food but you get what you pay for . tastes similar to school cafeteria food .
saw the movie , wanted to see the real thing . girls were friendly . just not what i expected .
pizza is always good but lately the staff is ghetto as hell especially in the evening night .
horrible , just simply don't use this builder . you will be disappointed .
pho is loaded with msg ! shame to be a portland restaurant ! i'll never eat here again , not healthy at all !
i recently got sick from this pizza hut location . i will not be eating from here anymore .
highly suggest triple checking your order as if they get it wrong they are not willing to make it right .
i ate the food passable not great , ordered steak and it was greasy . service was good .
crowded little spot with mediocre food . if i lived close by , i might feel differently . probably not .
average at best . this place is lacking even for a college neighborhood .
rude family run business . bad customer service . rips people off a lot would not recommend unless you want a headache .
their thai chicken wrap gave me food poisoning . will never visit again .
terrible staff with terrible service . wrong bill and didn't fix the issue . left the problem with the customer . very unprofessional .
i lost time . drive here min . but monday closed . i checked yelp not show monday close
give me a break . trendy bbq with new to town folks , but not worth the wait for bbq
charged me and my boss . each to smother our burritos . never went back
overpriced and way too much breading . dont understand the hype . dont waste your money
crowded , no apples in orchards to pick , long lines for everything , overpriced , super commercial . go elsewhere .
pasta drowning in oil . my mom asked , is there a part of italy where people actually eat this ?
very slow ! forgot our order neglected inside customers over drive through . not flavorful coffee lattes .
omg i don't know where to start the food is wayyyyyy overpriced disgusting . please don't waste your money
they took much longer than they quoted for delivery . the pizza was meh . the cookies were a complete disappointment .
service was great , the food was ok . i would probably come back and try something different .
very over priced . confusing menu . wasnt as good as other places in town for similar stuff . definitely would not return .
bad no service , bland and ordinary food , save yourself for a better option next time you are hungry at domain
the falafel was over cooked and devoid of flavor . beyond the food , the health score is not very reassuring .
it was ok . exceptionally greasy diner food . burnt hashbrowns , overdone eggs . the waitress was nice tho .
i'm sorry i posted this to the wrong golden dynasty . please delete this review .
lousy service , poor customer relations and disrespectful phone representatives at their number !
not the fun safe place i originally thought
most overrated place ever . very pretentious and trying to be earthy .
long wait for a bar table with stools . slow service . watered down drinks . gross food .
meh . first time came here but disappointed at all cost ! poor service with bad attitude !
avoid this place at all costs . they will lie and steal your money . con artists .
wasn't able to get in as a walk in at on a monday . looks nice but they weren't busy .
here er service is really slow . and some staff really doesn't help .
justice for alex ! alex deserves better ! nayome must be fired too ! asap !
they unnecessarily called the police on the artist mid show and security guards used unnecessary force on a audience member
blant and dull burrito . the meat was tasteless and had that boiled out of it's mind kind of taste .
terrible service . never again . no loyalty to past customers and poor management dictating an incompetent staff .
very slow service and tiny portion sizes . for ribs and a side of potato salad !
absolutely horrible service . staff is slow and very cold . makes the atmosphere awkward and unwelcoming .
garbage costumer service . signed up to weeks ago , still haven't been able to get anyone to come bury the cable .
horrible place . rude . told me they were closed when they were actually open and just standing around talking .
horrible service . so everyday they experience an unusually high call volume i call b . .
service is exceptionally slow . sad seeing a few scrambling and a lot of other bodies hanging in back .
dinner was a disaster . christner's could not prepare a steak properly after the nd try . don't waste your money .
very disappointing . mostly a crafts fair with just a few flower displays . i don't think we'll ever go again
the food is good , people are nice , but it is surprisingly expensive .
sushi is ok , but the price is steep for 'mall' sushi
went in for tattoo removal . they left me permanently scarred .
very poor customer service at the service station . very unprofessional staff . had been there for factory recall service .
so so service that is unfriendly . weak selections of sushi on the track . overall a less then average experience
horrible ! it's places like this when i curse yelp for not giving me the negative star option .
i wish i could give zero stars . extremely shady business pratices . stay away
this is fast food thai . save your money and go to top spice for a really delicious meal .
uncomfortable ambiance . unaware service . dry and un flavorful meal . champagne prices for pbr quality .
we started with the shrimp and mac and cheeese appetizers . we stopped there . so bland .
got delivery . toppings slid all over pizza , ingredients not quality and lacked flavor . hopefully different in person ?
hit or miss , depending on staff shift . it's wendy's , people .
to unclog a slow draining bathroom sink . nuff' said .
ambience mainstream hip service excellent drinks pricey food forgettable clean and harmless , perfect for a business lunch .
lukewarm biscuits and gravy . bad coffee .
nearly empty restaurant for breakfast . over half an hour for an omelette . don't recommend .
terrible terrible unhappy , unprofessional service , evening of dec . . . never again would i ever step foot in this place
garbage . sugar trash . sundae is just whipped cream . , . go somewhere else .
well i'm not giving this one star , on purpose . the truth is the place is now closed in richmond .
my hair has never been this uneven ever . i can't believe how horrible my hair looks .
over priced , poor food quality , non air conditioning establishment . one star for the good service . i will not recommended
had salad here last night . worst case of food poisoning ever ! never eating here again .
employees who hate their jobs and women's toilets in a store with floors . enough said !
found a bug on my pineapple drink . no sorry and lack of a response from the waitress who we informed .
food was bland and sub part would not go again . kids running around not an ideal atmosphere .
need to give it some time maybe to get their employee trained . has made my order wrong twice already .
dollars for a taco . in your dreams . i'll take my money to los guachos any day .
a mouse running across the floor pretty much unwinds whatever good food i might enjoy .
it was ok . not that great . food was very greasy and did not feel it fresh . the service was good .
gave it a shot today and was unimpressed . ok , food but nothing to get excited about . pretty bland chicken burrito .
this ride experience was not worth it .
too much msg . i had a headache all night . used to be better . good service . seaweed salad was good .
overpriced small portions of sub par halibut left me telling myself i'll never go back .
said they open at . disappointing to find the place was closed . now going to the airport hungry .
expensive pbr and jocks . binks sucks !
is this place closed ? it looked deserted tonight when we went by
revisited still same old issues
mediocre food , horrible service , and a manager who makes excuses total waste of time and money .
service was great , but food and menu lacked luster . and the celebration dessert brownie was stale and dry !
ok park , with a train ride to boot . not bad , but not great either .
service was bad food was even worse . i recommend tommy doyle's next door .
horrible place unless you enjoy dirty floors , cockroaches and mediocre breakfasts . in that case you'd love it .
mr said my order was not decent enough for a delivery . i told him that i could go somewhere else .
minutes in the drive through at in the afternoon . pretty much never a good enough excuse for that !
horrible service . better pay a little more and find another place to eat which has dignified service .
the airport needs more than one location for nursing moms to pump or feed infants near the united domestic terminals .
service is extremely slow , the equipment is often broken or not completely working , and it is quite expensive .
bad service . left before they took our order after waiting min for a waiter waitress
used to be a nice place to go eat sushi but now it's dirty under staffed and higher prices
horrible customer service , and they hang up the phone on you . this is the burnaby location !
do not order a salad . not only had to chop up . flavorless . oriental salad a miss .
super dirty , smells gross , this place is a joke . twins down the road is way better than this . so disappointed
min and counting fr ice cream . wtf . not even busy . unbelievable . min and counting .
drove over there today and it has closed down , gone . for lease sign on the door .
service is awesome ! very clean ! food . ? wasn't impressed . if chick fil a was close by this place would fold .
awful service ! had to wait minutes to get apps . food was good , tho
poor service . ordered dishes and they never arrived . probably won't go back . kitchen and staff need to be more organized
this place sucks . the service is so slow if you come here fully expect to waste your time .
clueless staff and slow as molasses . they are quick to answer i don't know and quicker to run away .
tried three different dishes , all were dry and bland . terrible service . i don't know why it has such great reviews .
growling barking pound dog when i opened the door ? i think not .
not good . expensive food that tastes very bland . try some of the new food carts instead !
quite expensive for what you get . i got the chicken tacos and they were mediocre .
decent .
disappointed to find melting ice cream . favorite place . so sad . fix your equipment . fail
just plain disgusting its and it's super busy in here why hasn't this been addressed yet smh
terrible food and terrible service . it would be better to go across the street to taco bell . seriously . pathetic .
sauce is way too sweet . crust was overlooked and prices were too high . don't think we will get again .
terrible bar . they think they're better than they are and discriminate against upstanding members of society . never gonna go back .
meh . the service is perfunctory if not negligent , and the food is bland .
horrible communication and management is incompetent and unfriendly . all previous complaints are true .
since when don't they allow happy hour in the main restaurant ? never had a problem at their kits location .
horrible experience with the mussels tonight . foul smelling and tasting . bathrooms were dirty . never again .
a second time my friend got harassed by the bartender who wants to ask for an id a second time
sam is super helpful . ben is unprofessional and useless .
worst food . . the food was cold to start off with . . arrogant waiters and below average food .
greasy tamales . only decent food was the sopa de tortilla . even the chips and salsa are better at heb .
awful ! i got takeout for dinner from here tonight and i found egg shells in my shrimp fried rice !
good bartender was quick and friendly but trash music selection by the dj , threw off the whole night
nothing special . ! petty normal hotel the bathroom it was not draining .
terrible service . management was rude and dismissive of complaints . never coming back .
had the lamb beef roll up . good portions , but no pickles . no reason to go back .
terrible customer service from the hostess . our party of six did not stay for the meal .
do not order chili . looked like dog food out of a can . also had it on nachos . horrible
bad service . understaffed . slow . i will not return to this location . not the service you expect from chang's .
don't get scammed by their tuesday bogo deal ! they are charging almost . per with the bogo deal
cockroach . need i say more ? crawled out of the booth and down my son's back . nope . unacceptable .
really bad customer service attitude , impatient reception , impolite phone call , and poor knowledge about vehicle information . two words , leave it .
dishonest to the bone . these people won't even return phone calls to explain themselves . avoid at all costs .
the facebook page says this place is permanently closed .
lines are for suckers ! seriously , why must an american drink beer in silly gardens !
meh ! went for cocktails late on a saturday , not impressed . did not eat .
very underwhelmed by the chicken fettuccine alfredo i ordered . i've had better pasta at a cheaper price .
standard diner fare . yet another spot that's good for hitting up after a long night of drinking .
untraditional lobster roll . taste and size don't measure up . food court and legal's are better options in terminal b .
note to self listen to yelp . don't bother . sub par on all counts . except for the view .
ok for beginners with hours on their hands . last time i played there they were filming coccoon part .
this place doesn't stay open if your order takes past closing . they just lock you out
horrible customer service . would give zero if it was an option . love to waste your time .
they were very short staffed and had absolutely nothing that i ordered hot dog , margarita , cold pizza .
worst restaurant service ever ! they see you come in and it takes minutes before anyone approaches your table !
yummy asia house is now out of business . there are now big for lease signs in the window .
star breakfast . microwaved eggs , microwaved pancakes , and microwaved sausage . only positive was the refreshing ice water
worst ever . customer service is out the window and have a crappy attitude . stay away at all cost !
something to be desired . nothing really mexican about it . small tapas portions but not even enough to share . disappointed .
waaaay overpriced better off getting mangos from hmart ! service not the best probably can make better ones at home .
this place is closed , no longer exists .
tables at epcot food not clean at all expected a little more cleaningness with the virus going around
awful place . nurse's aides are barely that and they have no clue how to deal with dementia patients .
always the bare minimum for tbell . usually sit in line for about min . this place sucks
it literally smelled like someone took a fresh dump next to the fountain drinks . lol !
ghetto and more ghetto . also fake alcohol . beware . i frequented here on a friday night . will definitely not return !
warning major grain moth infestation in bulk food section !
taste is good , ambiance good . a bit too pricy for such small servings .
boba was bad and the girl had the customer service skills of wallpaper . will not be back .
food quality isn't consistent and has been declining for a while . used to love it , not anymore .
they are very disorganized and unprofessional . almost months to receive contact lenses . they do not care about their customers .
not so great . short ribs were very tough . service was a c i won't be back .
listed as open until pm . arrived for early lunch at on a tuesday and it was closed .
bad service ! will never come back ! i'll let my family friends know to avoid this place .
tried multiple times to book an appt phone is always busy or mail box is full . do not use
the shrimp tacos were good but my margarita was basically worth of water . don't get the margarita .
the haircut was fine but my stylist oyuky was incredibly rude . i don't plan on going back to this location .
pretty gross , was not a fan of the food or the ambiance
this place made us sick . not a clean place and overpriced . beware . please watch their dirty dining score .
jack lamberg is a scumbag . any company still employing this man is despicable at best .
great beer list , but wish i could say the same for the food . overpriced sandwiches with not much flavor .
if there was an option for zero stars i'd pic it . horrible service , poorly prepared food and untrained staff .
per person just to enter and walk across a bridge ? that's the highest toll i have ever seen .
a good selection , but the food is never hot enough . this place is on a steady decline . save your money .
not convientient for lunch . it's cafeteria style . meh .
eh . it's okay for a quick lunch but definitely not my favorite spot .
closed on mondays . hours start at . wasted a trip on a monday to find out the hard way .
jumping for joy cause they got shut down ! owner cody got in trouuuuble !
restaurant was out of everything . unresponsive staff . had a burger and tasted like it was previously frozen
all my clothes smelled of fried onions and meat after i left here . nuff said .
horrible service . drive through took over mins . workers were rude . i don't recommend coming to this steak and shake
oz of cod , pasty mashed potatoes , greens all for . i wont' be back . better at elmer's .
mediocre to say the least . i will not return . they should be shamed by that because i love dive bars !
ordered a chicken jalapeno and the picadillo jalapeno and ended up with food poisoning . not going back here .
food wasn't that good . especially the chicken . i ordered the chicken , broccoli , alfredo with gemili pasta .
for some reason the way they make their pizza is consistently mediocre compared to other locations i order from
not that great . food was very salty and over done . felt like just another chain restaurant . would not go back
bad service dirty glasses dirty do not come here they take very long with yo drink plates are real dirty
terribly slow service , over seasoned food , absent manager . skip it . really .
fired all of their employees instead of finding a way to stay open . i'll never go here again .
skipthedishes order never came , refused to let me know where my food was . broken system , unfortunately the business suffers .
total rip off way too expensive . complained to manager did not respond appropriately .
place sucks . roosevelt the bartender was horrendously slow . definitely not worth going
service was terrible ! really rude servers and the bartender the worst ! food was ok and prices are fine !
the service was horrible . the food was cold , and i felt rushed . i will never come back to this location .
the overzealous security guards turned me off to this place . waste of space .
great food , terrible service . in fact , i believe terrible is too nice , the service sucks a big one .
if you like wings , don't go here . the boneless wings literally tasted like they were soaked in bleach .
did not live up to the hype . dirty tables and restrooms . big crowd though so someone must like it .
they moved and they are only open at pm .
easily the slowest fast food place you'll ever encounter . carl's jr . should really be ashamed of this location .
racist and rude . the food is disgusting and the restaurant is dark and cold like their attitudes .
poorly managed , but you already knew that . night crew is the worst ! orders are wrong at best .
good food , but wow the service was extremely slow and not friendly .
eating here was like giving someone to insult you and feed you a very small portion of mediocrity .
sat down to be served and a roach scurried across our table . didn't stay to taste anything .
washroom is very dirty , the dirtiest starbucks washroom ever experienced . signature hot chocolate was watery and tasteless . unimpressed .
worst steak ever asking for medium well and get a well done steak and the steak is way to salty
don't stop here . the food has way too much salt . this will backfire later when you're on a plane !
meh . totally unimpressed . found it a bit to pretentious a little to hippster over all a little snotty
this location is absolutely awful ! you'll have to wait at least minutes for everything ! and that's if they're open
mediocre at best . menu misrepresentations abound including spice levels . look elsewhere when possible .
besides the staff being absolutely terrible the facility is a mess . find somewhere else to use your hard earned money .
i'm gonna keep this short . absent customer service inconsistent food portions bottom line not coming back ever
the hamburgers were really dry , thin and overcooked . go elsewhere if you want a good burger . i recommend graffiti burger .
bad customer service . people cutting in line . no receipt paper . this place is shit . never coming to this location again .
bartender's a dumb a for getting bent on a real driver's license .
overpriced , tiny portions for extremely low par food . do not go here . it's not worth it .
horrendous chinese food . try chung shin yuan in nonantum instead .
two stars because they tried to accommodate my request . took way too long to do gel nails and pedicure .
untimely and rude service , incorrect order delivered , and poor food quality . this is the worst sonic i've ever visited .
my dads a fisherman , ive had halibut just about every way imaginable . absolutely nothing above average except the prices here .
food truck festivals suck . long lines , no food , completely unorganized .
the quality of their cloths is horrible as is their return policy . will never shop at this company again .
dirty rooms , no housekeeping services , extremely outdated and confined , will not return .
bad service . we made reservations and it still took an hour to be seated . then they messed up our bill . wow
terrible terrible terrible service . asking me to pull my mask up half an inch over my nose . what a joke
flavour got ninja'd ! l drink sounded fantastic till you taste the nasty flavoured after taste ! had taro . nasty nasty
yikes . for a bbq joint , bbq is not their specialty . pass .
kind of out of date . more a seniors place . food is ok . i hear they are remodeling .
salads always immediately soggy . lousy burritos . all the restaurants in this nabe really suck !
stopped by for a drink . not a golfer , but it seemed ok . nice crowd .
the el cheapo cambodian places in allston outdo this farce in every dish .
super bad service , their attitude very poor , only the cashier was nice . not recommended at all !
flavorless and lackluster . not the least bit worthy of her name . all hype and no substance .
want asian food ? go to the thai place , east india mall .
who would make an escape room that forces you to use the clues because the puzzles aren't explained appropriately ?
last time i ate there got immediately sick . won't see what will happen a next time !
the owner of this business is abusive to his employee and should be ashamed of himself for his behavior .
i'll not recommend this chinese restaurant because it is not clean and health sometime .
no stars ! the room smelled of urine . spend an extra few dollars and stay somewhere clean .
please see the details below . long story short . they do not practice safe food handling . gross
must have hit this place on a bad day . from my experience i'm surprised at the excellent reviews .
lady at the counter is pretty rude . needs some intense training in smiling and basic customer service .
great food not so great service , waited waited waited .
bad experience , bad service . apple do not care about customer anymore . i m a number . sylvain
food was good . reasonable pricing . everything went well until a cockroach appeared at our table .
not very good sushi . very little filling in rolls . even more overpriced than your typical airport fare .
i loved this coffee place , but they closed on the th see website . bugger !
absolute trash , this guy sold me a car for , , but then sent me papers to sign expecting , . trash
tiny portions . food is average to bad .
serenity was recommended by a friend of mine . was very disappointed . cut was ok but atmosphere was very unpleasant .
rental car trap ! . only . next gas station ! wawa next block at light on left .
food was so so . they acted like i took too long browsing the menu . st and last time there
beer on tap was terrible and food mediocre . nice to sit out in the sun though .
chalk up another boulder business where making money comes first and treating the customer well is an afterthought .
food tasted burnt . definitely not impressed with this location . note i had my food delivered via uber eats .
gross . zero flavor . strange to be so mediocre when competing within such an amazing city .
the fact that their employees don't wear masks overrules any positives about the place .
great service , terrible food . for a vegetarian bowl of crap . never going there again .
average to below average food . service is really bad as well . location is nice .
for people to have stomach issues the next day and the food tasted blaaaa . not going back
i went on my birthday i had bad customer service and the menu had no varity
these are more hype than substance to me . i tried them once . cake donuts , heavy , taste the oil .
lustre pearl , where white people go during urban music festival . great place to meet republicans ! god bless gentrification
this place lied and lied again . unsafe living conditions with no security . watch out for hidden fee's . beware !
felt really uncomfortable here the manager was making his employees cry in the front of the store !
terrible line , gets you where you need to go but only moderately faster than walking .
came to this barbecue place and they were also out of food not a happy barbecue camper
closed ! as is the savers . com sister store in broomfield thornton .
the underarms of my blazer still smelled like sweat after almost a bill for item . save your money .
good for drinks and to watch a game but that's it . food is awful and wait staff is not accommodating .
i am a resident . my user name on yelp is not my actual name . is anything i stated factually incorrect ?
food average service shitty drinks horrible as always , but limited to ? go get a bloody mary elsewhere !
friendly service . labor was more expensive than parts ? they damaged the tint on my window while performing repairs
pros rice , chips and salsa cons deathly slow service , sub par enchiladas , terrible snapper sauce
brandon was our server and he was a patronizing pr ck . ps . don't trust their wheat ale , it looks like guinness .
uses auto dialer to make spam calls . stay away
what a horrible cafe . they offer crappy and slow service . would never come back again .
always been a great place , but added a new policy i don't like .
gross gross gross . chicken was salty . potsticker stale . yum yum sauce gross . don't eat here not worth your money
terrible customer service . lethargic , unqualified staff . prepare to be disappointed and annoyed .
this place used to be the best in town . now , it's greasy and the employees are mean .
don't order the pad thai . tasted like eggs with bland noodles . highly recommend going somewhere eles
the cab we ordered to the airport never showed . the company took no responsibility . it was a terrible , stressful experience .
good atmosphere but falls way short on food . let's be frank , double the meat or shave some of that bun .
bought spicy cat fish and only got half a fillets of fish for the price this is over expensive
the ramen here isn't as good as i had expected it to be . not as authentic as they say
this place smells bad . the bartender was very helpful however on telling us where to go to have fun . gemini
i found an ant in my starbucks drink , which is not so appetizing . your workers don't have the best attitude .
great food and prices but didnt like the counter girl trying to take my change as a tip
barry's was great in its day , but i went back and the sandwich was tasteless .
awful . ordered food and the server came by and did not remember taking our order . would not recommend this place .
nasty ! bedbug city ! someone elses hair on sheets
this place should not be permitted to conduct business in orlando . avoid at all costs .
bartender at candlelight has got an attitude problem . yelling at customers . angry at life
small portions for the money and middle of the road sauces .
extremely slow and bad service . had to leave even though i paid for my food and drink .
had the salmon kabobs and got food poisoning this evening . this is my first and last time eating there .
the chicken wings have gotten so small one bite and they were gone . cori was great with service
unacceptable . retail is competitive . shop elsewhere , purchase where everyone is respected .
service was awful . forgot items and the seating was cramped and uncomfortable . food was decent .
i've gone here like times during business hours in the last month and it's always closed . what's going on ?
first time there . i was disappointed by how small the tacos were . didn't live up the hype in my opinion .
only one waitress and not wearing gloves . the food are not warm . restroom odor is bad .
called ahead to make sure they were open . answering machine assured us they were . got there . closed . so irresponsible !
had a terrible playlist . overpriced drinks with rude bartenders . limited selection but the lights were nice
it just is subpar in every way . unorganized , food that lacks flavor , limited parking . it's not good .
the donut is more of a fried dough that you find at carnivals rather than a donut .
i'm pretty sad that beaverton pharmacy rejected services to me after all that i've been through as a customer .
this place is gross . roaches . homeless looking people . it smelled like dogs and cigarettes . awful !
horrible stinky hotel , dont clean your room , people are rude and very loud . dont stay here not worth it . manager mahmud .
i loved this place . visited it during an austin asian american chamber of commerce networking event . great staff !
subpar at best . slow service and distracted employees . too bad because it is so close to work .
service is horrible . food is mediocre . beer is horrid . time for this place to close !
wi fi out . ac upstairs weak . and with cbtl closed , this is the only coffee shop in circle c .
meh . service over the phone was great , perfect english , very polite . food was boring . like food court boring .
one of the rudest customer service experiences . was not helpful . solely criticized the questions asked .
an hour and a half late delivering our food , need i say more ?
terrible place ! always remember to tape your package , otherwise the store manager will force you to buy tapes !
yuck ! watered down vodka and wine that's been opened for days . my server was great and friendly though .
double charged . for only one lobster they charged me . didn't show me the receipt . just because i am foreigner ?
doesn't deserve any stars . worst place ever can't believe they allow it to be ran they way it is .
terrible staff long lines just for kids , old science .
should have gone to coffee shop down street . joint reminds me of an episode of the restaurant rescue .
food terrible . service terrible . worlds smallest glasses of wine . no vegetarian options .
they have five items on the dinner menu burger , steak , salmon , pasta and something else . i had the salmon .
zero stars ! the food is below average , and the service is the worst i've ever run in to ! stay away !
i love sfny but every time i order from this location my order is wrong and breadsticks burned every time .
came here for the off sushi and the sushi were horrible . no line waiting , empty tables , not crowded
horrible comedy . wouldn't have stayed if we didn't have drinks already . left as soon as possible .
since when are oz beers . ? this place prices escalated with three world series trophies not fair !
today i saw them making my chicken kebab wrap without wearing gloves so am not gonna go there anymore .
another disaster from ford . i'm done . consistently overrated in every imaginable way . whatever .
their boston location is very inconvenient for access from all directions .
cheap , large , garbage quality sushi . stock up if you don't care about quality and just want to get full .
the pad thai was really gross and tasted like a foot dirty sock .
got food poisoning from here . ended up in the e . r . very very gross food , definelty will never go here agin .
good food . horrible service . long wait . they messed up my order and refused to fix it . i wouldn't recommend it .
the food tastes pretty bad most of the time , aside from the veggie burgers .
disgusting . combo beef and chicken fajita soft tacos . beef might have been spoiled .
horrific . don't even recommend for a low key drink . will be a poor experience . service condescending and rude .
update to my original post . i have filed complaints with the ohio attorney general and the ohio department of insurance .
terrible mushy expensive , and setting is an impersonal space . v little lobster meat and texture like baby food .
terrible service from the manager . though , i loved the employees . officially a nordstrom loyalist .
they've been ripping everyone off on the portions and they rose the price significantly .
horrible job . i'm with rebecca b . same experience . although , may be even worse .
baddest customer service in the world , always the wrong order , and they never solve customers' problem .
new menu is no good . out of beers and their connected to factory ? ! ? ! ? losing long time customer here
low price , but you get what you pay for . pizza is prepared ahead and kept warm , which reduces the quality .
worst chai latte i've ever had , and to pay for that and a mediocre cookie was just annoying
staff was very neglectful and stared alot . the food was a great portion but lacked flavor on everything we ordered
when in the realm of bland big box stores , eat at bland big box restaurants , i suppose .
the bartenders need to be more generous in their pour . there's much better more economical choices like twigs next door .
minutes for sandwiches which were very bland and very boring ? i wish we had gone to panda express
the melting pot is an expensive way to eat bad food and leave hungry . avoid this gimmicky mess .
this , like all government buildings , is a waste of land and tax payer money . please offer vegan pizza . thanks .
godawful food . so gross ! the pizza tasted like paste cardboard .
food was fair , i had egg plant . waiter was inattentive . bruschetta was pretty good .
we went from ok , to skimping on ingredients and now every drive thru order is incomplete . consistency would be nice .
if you call yourself a british pub . questionable . they have fish tacos . sweet chili need i say more .
the facility needs updating and could use a good cleaning .
slow service , i could place my order shop the entire super target and still have to wait for my drink .
so mask's are required of customers . by count yesterday of their stocking clerks , half had their noses exposed .
. for suspender buttons sewn on and one pair pants hemed . this place is overcharging big time !
violate the law they do not disclose they are a debt collector
spire ambassador . i'm switching to marriott .
website says open , yelp says open . not open . is it that hard to daily update the status ? maybe it is .
no thanks ! boring menu , shitty service , awful atmosphere , sub par food . go elsewhere .
worst service ! very inefficient management . they keep changing often . i encountered with different managers every week in a month .
rude and inept employees for the morning rush . nothing to add that hasn't been said below . don't go here .
when was the last time you had to add salt to mexican food ? really expensive and bland .
found a bug on my food . i was in the process of eating it . manager seemed amused not apologetic .
horrific service and attitude . waitress seemed frustrated to take our orders . greasy food . avoid at all cost .
very less variety and way too expensive . i'd like to pay primarily for food and not the decor .
decent food , large portions , but slow service . also , the steak was really fatty chewy .
i had some initial issues with the tree but they came out and answered my questions .
i can't believe the food was so bad here , food cart is a much better option .
why take reservations days out then make people wait or worse take walk ins before reservations .
went for breakfast on a saturday , sat for minutes without service . probably not the best weekend breakfast spot .
they are stealing from all there customers , they are overcharging everyone . check your receipt carefully
the slowest zaxbys i've ever been to . be prepared to wait minutes in drive thru
glad i moved from the subdivision this company managed !
very disappointing food service was sub par
air conditioning broke down . front desk did not give me another room . had to sweat all night with my daughter's .
fake microwaved dumplings . but good hot and sour soup . not a fan , overall kaka .
service department is disrespectful , and in my opinion , unethical . avoid !
guess what you just fucked bpa ! stop putting b grade shit subpar galss on bpa vehicle
dairy queen is no good , has no healthy or veggie options . they are bad for our health and community .
disappointed tonight . expensive and service at bar was very bad . usually they are better than this .
they gave me my milkshake with a dirty tinged top and the plastic was broken into my drink !
everything comes with kale . bus your own table . very little seating . juices . yawn .
how does a place with hundreds of millions of dollars of equipment not have working wifi ? it's !
very sarcastic folks at the take out desk . attitude . i found the food mediocre at best .
no variety , rude butcher , old sandwiches and food at hot bar . this one is so pretentious it's not worth it
bad service but stars for the quality of sushi . water didn't taste that good and miso was cold
this place was filthy with rotting veggies , iced up frozen foods and a generally bad smell .
incredibly unresponsive . the property manager and or assistant are rarely in the office and do not respond to messages .
the pieces of sashimi are literally paper thin . they could not have sliced thinner portions if they tried .
worst gyoza ever . doughy . not even cooked . lighting sucked too . never again . go to authentic japanese , not this place ,
the food was good , service was good , but the veal dish with risotto gave me food poisoning
totally mediocre taqueria . a minor step above chipotle . it's decently prepared and presented , but int the mouth nothing .
would rather get double fisted than continue using this pharmacy
they allowed me to order a meal via chownow even though their restaurant wasn't open . super negligent and unprofessional .
worst service ever . will never eat here again . just terrible . a low standard even for disney world
it was not what i expected , think for the kind of food that is served it's a bit overpriced .
very expensive . poor service . pretty descent food . go to rice thai cookery foe half the price .
understaffed and poor customer service . employees are not trained in proper greetings and often lack knowledge of store and merchandise .
ok food . sub par service . try taco deli or torchy's first .
this place is garbage . outrageous prices and horrible customer service . non attentive staff . never have been more disappointed .
this place is a joke . horrible pizza . horrible service . discrimination galore . never eat here .
the restaurant's website advertises they're open days , but they were closed today sunday the st .
horrible service . behavior is very bad , explicitly asks to give more tip for nothing special .
paid for a sidecar that had neither triple sec nor orange liqueur . absolutely shameful .
catherine delivers sloppy , rushed services . she missed too many things . i had to fire her and hire a new attorney .
staff needs to be educated on how to serve customers . i will not return .
don't go for donuts until after noon because they won't be ready . very disappointed . i'll stick with duncan !
more interested in making offensive political statements than making coffee . so disappointed . will never go back .
long wait . they are understaffed . and not worth the wait . ice cream pales in comparison to glacier .
always a huge line and painfully slow service . my mail always gets sent , does that merit another star ?
great prices food service , but have gotten sick after eating here too many times to call it coincidence
they ruined the fabric of two blazers and my wife's dress . bogus .
terrible service . extremely rude bartender who belittles customers . my friends and i will never come back here again .
slow and inexperienced . repeat customers require good service the food was equal to all other carl's jr's
sketchy ! seriously ? the reviews make me question yelps validity
our crew has moved on . was fun while it lasted but we're up at the regal beagle now . go birds .
this is a fake front company , selling your information to desperate companies , nothing but a boiler room .
not my scene . just really fake the people try to hard . eek
went in to buy a set of taylormade clubs . couldn't find a sales person to help me .
only a few words bland bland bland bland absolutely no taste at all . it craves the hunger is about it .
bland food , bleak atmosphere , slow service , high prices , made me mildly ill . nope .
i was here a few years ago and it was delicious ! today it was terrible ! not flavorful just very salty !
i think they stole chef boyardee's pasta sauce recipe .
the place is trashy . staff is downright disgraceful . no tact , no class and terrible customer service .
terrible service and cold tacos . you are better off going to heb
worst salsa ever ! unless you like to eat tomatoes out of a ashtray . never again . disappointed
usually pickup a smoothie , and they're usually delicious . today's patriot smoothie was more yogurt and ice than fruit !
this place drenched their food in grease eater beware . there's just infinite better options in revere and east boston
had good latin music on saturday night but cover charge was a rip off .
shady . don't buy their warranties , they are deceptive . sold me a three year service deal that expired within a year .
the view was great ! however , the food was ok but not better than mediocre , and the prices were unreasonable .
took almost hours for a oil change and tire rotation that i had an appointment for .
called to place an order . was left on hold for minutes seconds and was transferred to voicemail .
should have checked yelp before coming here . the experience ruined my day . service is creepy here . unorganized . uncaring . demeaning .
this place started with great promise , but today i felt very unwelcome . grumpy server with a serious attitude problem .
horrible wait times . extremely understaffed . worst experience for a rental car . rent elsewhere .
a haiku review of rontoms modern eastside bar . the place is a concrete slab . too noisy for me .
have been there times now and have been totally underwelmed each time . food is edible but thats about it .
worst food ever so everything served out of the can do not eat here my recommendation to
douchebag central . their mixed drinks sucked . save your head across the street to sligo .
had their fries with the rosemary truffle ketchup . was a bit too over salted and over fried . would not get again .
save your money ! they have changed the way the form looks , but its still the same scam .
prices are way higher than other middle eastern markets . the cashier young lady was rude and disrespectful .
place was slow as balls hour to get a second drink food came extremely slow awkward feeling walking in
very poor customer service along with clueless techs that don't seem to understand sprint .
service continues to be dismal for the last several months with tables getting other people's orders
exceptional product . terrible customer service . even worst as shipping . waited weeks for a single calendar . never again .
staff is horrible . employees preparing food , non of them wearing gloves . got my money back and left .
its great that the money and tips go to the homeless but the food is worse than dennys .
bad service except the manager , under stuffed badly . needs to improve if i am paying for an ok pasta .
don't let the photos fool you . there's basically no cardio equipment , which is standard for a boxing gym .
venturing out to try something new , we stumbled across kickass cupcakes . presentation concept execution
the owner always cuts way more bbq than you ask for . the quality of the other food is also questionable .
incompetent staff , extremely rude and disgustingly unhelpful in all departments .
eh if you've ever had real middle eastern food you would be disappointed .
food is great , portions huge , service , not . rude and slow !
closed on saturday despite the posted hours . misleading folks who are new to your city is kinda low .
trash . the staff at the front desk are unconcerned about wasting your time . expect to be treated poorly by them .
keri did extractions on my face that left deep indentations on my skin . really disappointed .
nothing special and food is very disappointing , the restroom smell is very stinky and its all over the placel
horrible customer service , the products weren't fresh and the cashier is ignorant . i would never come here again
only good service was the bartender , hostesses n waitresses were horrible , lost me as a customer
service was bad , the natural beef tacos were just ok nothing special
nice food and ambience . very expensive , small portions , american bar , terrible paella , not spanish what so ever ,
the donuts a good , obviously . the customer service is bad . they rush you , like they have better things to do .
all im saying is really consider these reviews , they are spoken truth
pizza dough was soggy but the bottom had burnt bits all over it . presentation was sloppy . bland and disappointing .
still here to say that this company is completely unprofessional . did not receive fair compensation .
really disappointed in the taste of the food . the quality was healthy and fresh but somehow the flavor was lacking .
treated with such disrespect . after years of being a customer . it simply came down to greed !
the drinks are totally overpriced . dinner was overpriced . service was pretty good , but not great . probably will not return .
picky buyers , sorta overpriced for used clothing , but i gotta admit , you can find some pretty cute stuff .
hours of operations are unclear and change often , very inconsistent business practice .
why is this allowed to be listed as a food cart when it is clearly a brick and mortar establishment ?
high prices , incompetent maintenance technicians and poorly installed systems are the atlas butler way . stay away !
bought some wild gulf shrimp from whole foods . they tasted like bleach . really , whole foods ? very disappointed .
super gross ! rice tasted like nothing , the orange chicken was flavorless . and the egg roll wasn't bad but cold . yuck !
i wondered how a grocery store could have low ratings . now i know . rather rude cashiers .
not very clean and everything taste the same . plus the show is not worth the overpriced food .
wasnt awful , but kinda reminded me of canned bbq .
the way they treat their employees is ridiculous , abusive , and against the law .
this feed bag place has entered a new low by having bathrooms that smells worse than a barnyard .
coming from new jersey . the sauce is all wrong and slices need to come on a paper plate
used to be my neighborhood favorite . ugh . what happened ! ? this is not the fins on fire of months ago !
pass . food is subpar . the employees are rude as well . perhaps they hire from the rmv .
this is literally the worst chinese food ever . no flavor . dry . but also super greasy . just no good at all .
bad experience . they will never refill the food served in the buffet and rude management .
i like wendy's , but not this one ! service is horrible , employees are rude and discourteous !
this hotel is very dirty and i saw many cockroaches throughout my stay ! don't risk it for a cheap price !
nacho cheese was not melted fully . poor communication about food . server had lack of menu knowledge .
absolutely ridiculous . terrible service , rude employees .
awful . i really want to love this place but the food is too bland . don't waste your money .
they advertise muffins in big letters . but everytime you order one . there all out . take the sign down then .
do not use green motion . hopefully this company will be exposed and punished properly .
the pho was pretty bad , had a weird smell and the quality of meet was terrible , and very oily
horrible service . robert is an arrogant , rude person . uneducated jerk . go elsewhere !
straight up bad pizza . flavorless , rubbery , gross . special's eight bucks now , too .
can you guys learn how to answer your phones ? i've called you every day this week and no one answers !
i miss these texts pub tonight ? olli gets in at . see you there
if you like slop nachos you'll love this place . it was flavorless and gross . disgusting .
covid reopening . please train your staff to wear masks over their nose not just their mouth .
minutes to get order . prices too high . crispy pata burnt . food tasted horrible . service marginal at best .
this review was not an invitation to call me again . please stop .
nice cozy place . romantic atmosphere . food . everything tasted the same , like they used the same sauce for every dish .
man , that is the absolute last time i ever go see an outdoor movie at goose poop park .
gave me an iced tea with the tea bag inside and the cashier was very rude , giving me attitude
they just finished paving quincy ave last week and you clowns are already digging holes ? bunch of hacks !
please se updated review
baggage fees for checked bag on an international flight . rip off ! customer service was not helpful
overrated . food , service , and atmosphere not good . went with a party of and all agreed .
very slow service . i won't come back to this location . i rather stop at the rite aid .
the portions are large , but so are the prices , and the food is mediocre .
i love joann's coupons , but there is never anyone polite or knowledgeable on their slaughter store . it's a real shame .
they leave their trash all over the neighborhood ! in no way are they green .
just wanted to let everyone know that there is an upper crust that opened in west roxbury . it is great .
very overrated ! drink are terrible and the environment is soft and boring . would rather drink and at a chile's
unprofessional behavior , they forgot to cook the meal and had to be reminded after an hour .
they have rats and bugs it's disgusting i got called a girl by two different staff members food took forever
andrew motherfucker is fucking rude . need some education .
this place gave me diarrhea ! omg ! blew up a wendy's bathroom ! i'm never going back there !
i would love to see those photos robert ! i had no problem paying to break a lease , btw !
pretty furniture , awful customer service .
food was exceptional and service moved a little slow but over it was an ok experience probably won't return
very slow . they don't seem to have enough help . we've been waiting minutes and still don't have our food
the worst customer service ever . not worth it . go elsewhere . when you try to resolve they don't care .
oh my god ! please answer the phone once in a while . also , ask your taxis drivers to take a shower .
dinerbuffet is een tegenvaller , keuze is miniem . ben al bij diverse sizzlers geweest vroeger maar deze is echt heel slecht
expired hefe . tasted terrible . wouldn't mind a refund if they want my repeat business .
cheap . stiff margaritas . crowded . can these three things help you overlook the roaches ? your call .
minimal beer selection . some cool mixed drinks . not a great value , even for hh .
probably the worst mcdonald's i've ever been to . they get my order wrong every single time !
really great sashimi hut there all you can eat dinner at is super over priced for the options .
rather eat a hostess cinnibon then go here again . dont know how it got so many good reviews
worst thai ever . food was gross , had a plastic strip in it . curries were just crap
eh . for dollars that was not a very worthwhile lobster roll . no flavor .
horrible service and the food is even worse . would never go back . very disappointed with this location .
overpriced and receptionist was not friendly . definitely would not recommend . they should give better service and lower their prices .
total scam . do not let them steal your money . everything will feel off on your radar for a reason .
the waitress was so rude ! great atmosphere , but totally colored by the terrible and unhelpful service . too bad .
service was slow , not worth the price you pay . i'd rather go to the stockyard for a good steak .
eggs are cold hash browns barely hot sad cause we like this one ac is cranking and it's outside
to my suprise this hotel is closed and has been sold hope they re open soon
food is below average . price is a bit high for the food and service . do not recommend
please don't eat here . tacos are bad . it would criminal to choose taco shack over taco deli .
i wish the chili wasn't so watered down , otherwise this chili dog would be delicious .
maintenance of the property is very poor . especially during snow storms . definitely overpriced .
it was okay . way too salty . not worth driving across town for . we probably won't go back .
don't go here ! worst food ever ! i ordered . last night and wish i hadn't ! save urself the trouble !
worst service i have ever experienced . will never come back to this waffle house again . thanks for ruining my night .
i was trying to call and it was non stop ringer . very disappointed in such a well know brand .
don't like the atmosphere . not caribbean feel . too modern i prefer the one by disney
your trainers are animals . one of them bit me . never going back to your zoo .
broth was oily egg overdone and noodles were bland . otherwise the restaurant was rather unremarkable
disappointing . kiosks of cheap goods fast food and no real restaurants . a good idea that has fizzled .
poorly run , middle of the lunch hour with employees standing around not clearing the tables . laziness .
pretty bland over priced food . everything tastes like over used frying oil . yuck .
dont know what happened to this place , service used to be so fast and now it is sooooo slow .
worst dining experience ever occurring right now horrible waiter and cold food and waited for over an hour for it . insane !
terrible , i am surprised someone from mcdonald's hasn't shut this place down , it's a disgrace
closed earlier than published . wasted trip . failed important plans relying on unaccountable employees .
they have great seafood , but their steak is terrible . and they customer service follow up isn't any better .
the wings were fine but the establishment had roaches that we had to kill ourselves . not okay .
small portions , not cheap , mediochre food , so so drinks you are captive inan airport . do not expect much
good food . terrible service and they weren't even busy . drinks were over priced . probably wouldn't go to again .
bad service and horrible food . the manager is inept and is the source of the problems .
out of people , no one liked our food . either gross or bland . but at i can sriracha bland .
i wish the had vegetables like broccoli carrots .
hahahah that is my review for this place . needs no explanation
okay food . horrible horrible customer service . wouldn't get food from there even if it was free
i ordered a cuban this afternoon on a sunday around and waited minutes for a terrible sandwich
this location makes really small burritos , and the sweet tea tastes like it has cumin in it .
closed for remodel as of and not sure when opening . double check before you go . fyi
the food was not good and even worse the water was dirty and polluted .
has gone down hill . rude bartenders and customers . security didn't seem to care .
diner menu with star restaurant prices . yes the turkey dinner was good , but not good .
worst rental car place ever ! for extra hours they wanted to charge us ! never go here !
okay i went with my exchange student from shanghai and he said it was okay . who am i to argue ?
rude employees and act like assholes for taking your order guy working at a . m . is rude
very poor service ! calls not returned ! rx's not called in to pharmacy ! best example for nationalizing healthcare ! arrogant bastards !
really ? your business is failing so you add sandwich bar ? why ?
not a great lunch spot . food was fair , but made me feel like they are not really a lunch focused establishment .
they often didn't have my medication in stock and their hours weren't great . location was good .
cheap room , but a little noisy . older hotel , but the room was clean
very disappointing the service was super slow the waitress don't know what she was doing lack of professionalism
my sausage was hard , my husband sweet potato fries was burn he didn't even touch it , i'm not coming back
bad service can kill any experience ! i should have trusted my friend , m . m . , when she told me to stay away !
i tried to pay for a . purchase with a bill , and louie told me he couldn't make change .
rudest service i've ever come across . enough said . don't want to waste my time writing anymore . just straight rude . thanks .
great setting but absolutely terrible food . not fit for human consumption .
researchers have shown that country music reduces a persons iq . come to this place if you want to feel stupid .
very rude service to large groups of patrons !
go there if you want to experience something different . the ambience sucks though ! a little pricey too , i would say !
got half original , half spicy boneless chicken . it was extremely dry and lacking flavour . would not recommend food regrets .
just don't . it won't be worth the stress , price , slime , and time .
yelp hours show open till pm just called and voice mail message stated they close at pm .
scam artists do not buy here will forge things to make a sale
ordered rolls and pho and it didn't taste like vietnamese food at all .
racist , anti semitic bouncer at the front will deem random folks drunk , and look for bribes . avoid .
poor service , rude staff , and over priced food drinks .
great coffee but super slow service for food . been here min waiting and still no sandwich .
this place sucks . ridiculous line . warm beers . packed to the gills . sucks .
horrible service . they close down the rooftop bar without any notice and leave customers waiting . rude , expensive downright horrible .
the manager in this store is totally rude ! not pleasent at all . horrible this is brookline ?
food was profoundly salty . combo didn't come with egg roll or soda . don't doordash it
definitely not coming again . wait for a stupid ramen for minutes on non rush hours .
rude hostess . cannot rate the food as we walked out after being seated and ignored for mins
messed up my order and then wanted me to pay for them to fix the mistake . just a terrible decision
i've rented a lot of cars . this was worst experience ever . i will stick with airport rentals in the future .
we went for a large group pre arranged work part the service was horrendous . food . mehhhh
if u sit in the back it's fine . the front half of the theatre is too close to the screen .
i wish i could this piece shit place a zero star . everything is bad . and service is beyond awful .
keep moving . not worth stopping here . corn dogs are the worst ever ! tasteless and cold !
wintergreen patties pink filling taste like colgate tooth paste . nastiest candy i have ever eaten . ugh .
terrible readings as fake as they come and owner was wondering around swearing like a drama queen .
food was cold and flavor was bland . boneless ribs general tso , lomein and fried dumplings . just not good .
you will never appreciate how good canada post is until you experience the terrible customer service from this location .
chicken was not very fresh or very hot or very good . sides were pretty good . i likely won't return .
boring food , . same as every other place . waitstaff is perhaps the unfriendliest in decatur .
saddest place on earth . time warner cable is where good customer service goes to die .
i honestly believe these guys serve trader joe's microwave dinners and pass them off as indian cuisine . awful
i would like to initiate a general hurrah ! for this godawful dmv is now closed !
this place is horrible . times horrible , service and food ! don't bother wasting your money .
expensive and my first experience was bad . my clothes were mixed up with someone else's . not going back .
terrible service , we went twice and were totally ignored both times . never even got a drink , just walked out .
i didn't know breakfast ends at am . pooey ! i was really hoping for a sandwich . i left .
tired tired tired excuse for a beauty supply . prices are ridiculous and selection is limited . never going back .
i love chipotle but this is the slowest chipotle in the history of mankind . fix it
no cash ? what kind of world do we live in ? all cards only establishments can eat poop
don't trust their text messaging waitlist , you can be skipped ! service and food was alright . house margaritas were not enjoyable .
service was eh . food was eh . this place is way overrated .
waited an hour before leaving because they couldn't handle a lunch crowd . terrible , terrible service .
wow this place sucks ! unless of course you wear sunglasses at night .
ordered lemongrass with beef . meat is not fresh at all . u can find much better place .
it's a beautiful restaurant , but it seems more dedicated to instagram able food than good food .
i'll return when autumn meringue returns .
got plastic wrap in chow main not happy camper
dark , kinda stuffy and musty , poor drain in the tub , and kinda run down , overall . in other words hilton .
don't waste your time visiting this foot locker . limited merchandise and atrocious customer service .
minutes in drive through . order was wrong . no receipt provided . not a friendly staff .
the laziest , rudest , most unorganized and unstaffed pharmacy . think i will take my service back to walgreens .
what ever happened to friendly bartenders ? shouldn't a hello or how's it going be art of the interview process ? rude .
pinball machine ate my dollar ! refund isn't a option unless you want to call the pinball company for dollar ?
horrible service . horrible attitude from maumi . would never come back again . can't give stars . what a shame .
really disappointed . everything was bland . meatballs had zero taste and their sauce had jo flavor
tourist trap . food is bland , mushy and too sweet . good service , though
omg this food literally made me sick . the food was so overcooked it was like eating dust
they need to get those pierced nosed punks out of there ! i don't want them handling my donuts .
ok haircut . could have done without the barrage of racist commentary while i was getting it .
the burgers taste terrible but the cookies are great . star for the burger , stars for the yummy cookies .
walked over today it's gone . closed . a for lease sign in the window .
probably the slowest and most miserable looking employees i've ever seen . don't expect fast at this fast food restaurant .
terrible service . mediocre food took me having to ask for coke twice before they brought it out
i got mushrooms went home only to digure out they were . moldy af . only good thing is the meat choices
good coffee , but received a really rude service from the tattooed guy i'll never go back to this branch
would not return poor customer service . gel manicure was poorly done . going back to glamour always great !
terrible service . our waiter was so unprofessional and rude . food wasn't even good . awful .
don't go here ! they keep bear paws in the fridge ! they just got caught with it . absolutely outrageous .
terrible . ignorant , oblivious jerks work there . they'll never see a penny of my money .
these people never follow directions . will never go back here . how hard is it to make a bagel with butter ?
small portions , burnt meat , not good . go to vietnomz or the little saigon on semoran and lake underhill .
this place closed about a year ago ! yelp , you need to check before featuring a place in your newsletter .
great customer service , fish on monday was bad and did not taste fresh , very disappointed on a special day .
don't honor sale prices . and when you bring it up to cashier they just read the register to you .
food was alright , unfortunately the service killed it for me .
the food just isn't very good , especially compared to the other local barbecue places .
cortlands reviews are not the whole truth ! constant management change ! trash and animals poop ! dangerous dogs ! no compassion during pandemic !
extremely rude hostess . was told minutes and it has been . hours and still waiting .
over priced food . go support smaller place where the actually care about you . i try my best to avoid going .
worst customer service , even worse than walmart if that is possible ? will never come again !
free parking can cost you if your driver goes to starbucks while you shop . beware of this location
food is good but make sure to bring a spanish speaking chaperone with you .
the drive thru line was incredibly slow . we waited plus minutes just to take an order .
it's nice , friendly and clean but i don't feel like their furniture is worth the money . sorry .
still haven't heard from anyone regarding terrible attitude and or wrong hours posted online .
just cancelled my order for am after confirming it yesterday afternoon . that isn't the way to get keep customers
nice place to go when silver dollar is to busy . pool tables are usually open .
wasn't impressed . really stale waffle fries . wieners for hipsters .
wrong price advertised on signs . annoying . would have gone elsewhere if i'd known . won't be back .
this store gives new meaning to the phrase high prices . shop around first .
very loud . lobster mac n cheese not tasty . ahi tuna was yucky .
i ordered the deluxe gourmet basket for my loved one and my anniversary . this is what she got
the menu was not as adverse as most thai places . the food was ok but probably won't go back .
i just dropped by and had quick pedicure . well , the price was alright , but other than that , not really outstanding .
the credit card machine charged me . not . for a cash wash in their drive through bay . theft !
i spend in here and the manager wanted to charge me for an additional bag ? ! just sad !
the prices are absolutely outrageous . just go to whole foods down the road for better quality .
ie . this hospital , is going to kill somebody ! if they haven't already
strata manager does not respond to simple e mails . lack of courtesy .
rude employees . slow service . i have been here a couple of times and it doesn't improve . will not return
mediocre pizza at best and shocking customer service . will never go back .
went there mins before closing and only one customer but got turned away . the chap was rude , not impressed
the bar is kinda smelly , not a place to enjoy a good glass of wine .
waitstaff and manger were rude ! food was gross ! used to frequent this place often ! will not go back !
food is bland . service is horrible . the free wifi is inexistent . avoid eating here .
dirty old fixtures . salad had salad that was old . slow counter help . the bk salad is a joke .
these people are so rude . they're lucky i already paid for my food or i would've walked out .
wow this place sucks food was hella cold and the manger was arguing with us . just sad place
worst experience ! kept missing delivery for times in a row ! will cancel my subscription !
rushed me through my pedicure , skipped the foot massage , so so job on the polish . i won't be coming back .
the doctor was nice but the receptionist was beyond rude and unprofessional .
black mold in air vents ! i'm sick as a dog after stay there night !
horrible customer services . they close earlier that posted . definitely disappointed and unhappy .
i'll be brief do not go to this restaurant . place smells like pee , food is terrible , super expensive . horrible place !
horrible service i visited in may with my husband rude manager joseph , bartenders are rude and racist .
food was meh . service was lame . they seemed so distracted . won't be returning . izziban is better .
super unprofessional owner , yelling at employees in front of customers is no way to run a business .
a little snooty and they couldn't find seating for two despite ten open tables . must have been my flip flops
as i thought this is a more specialised italian market , they dont have basic ingredients like anchovy dripping .
great latte and cappuccino . spinach and cheese croissant was pre made and reheated not great . chocolate croissant was not fresh .
i called them for service . but no one answered the phone and no replies for the voice message .
sat at the bar for mins and no one said hello or offered a menu . terrible customer service .
the worst bike i'd ever ridden . this town needs lime bikes . the bikes are old and very heavy .
why don't you sale nikon s 's cameras that are water proof asshats ?
the manager at this location lacks customer service skills however , most of the staff is friendly and courteous
terrible service , excessively long waits . worse , pizza dough raw several times . nwont go back .
curly black hairs were in the caesar salad . told the manager and was given a clean one , no apologies .
don't go here ! they glued my eyelashes to my eyelids . i tried to call them and never heard back !
well , customer service sucks . we sat to eat first and the waitress didn't come for minutes .
large selection of flavors but grainy and overly sweet . definitely too grainy to be eaten as regular cookie dough .
my wife contacted this company times , they promised that they'll get back to us but never did
sadly the place that once was that was worth of great reviews is no more .
very disappointing . food is cold . delivery was super late . not ordering from this sh thole again
terribly slow pharmacy . min wait each time just to pickup even when you call ahead . lazy lazy lazy .
they should re name this spirit airlines arena or touch a strangers knee arena
worst dental office . a dentist that is only there on mondays for two or there hours . unfruendky personnel .
this place is awful . doesn't answer phone and has no voicemail set up ! what kind of business does that ?
their espresso is terrible . i doubt the espresso machine is calibrated on a regular basis , if at all
these guys are the worst . so freakin slow . chatting away w everyone and taking their time . expect to wait
so many other nail salons in winchester . definitely not my top choice .
looking through the reviews , everyone is right about this place , poor customer service . don't waist your time here .
this is buca di beppo pizza rebranded as a delivery only option . buyer beware .
gross men's locker room . this shit has been on the bench for days . why can't it be cleaned ?
place smelled like marijuana , no service provided while at the bar and felt unwelcomed .
no outdoor seating on a beautiful saturday afternoon , holiday weekend ? get it together aab !
left message for heathman management and not a word back . interesting to see if they bother
portland taxi company answer your phone !
unfortunately the food was gross and the staff was very rude ! i would not recommend this place
no longer accepting priority pass . pdx airport experience is just not the same anymore
after hearing all the negative reviews i decided to go somewhere else with my old collectables
worst experience ever ! be careful , several of my lashes broke off because she glued them together .
well she got my order wrong . gouda cheese wasnt melted . just distasteful .
food quality has significantly decreased . i used to love legal . now i find its priced , sub par food
food was old fashioned and tired . service was extremely slow as well . not suitable if you're under .
worst customer service i've ever received !
absolute worst customer service i've ever seen . i will make a call to their corporate office .
totally crap worst pizza , dried out . the french fries were cold and soggy . do not order from this junk joint !
came here on a sunday at pm and nobody is here they are closed . guess their hours aren't correct ?
oh my gosh ! how did they get past a ? crap food i would rather go to a truck stop .
an hour wait for a mediocre manicure with rude staff . definitely won't be coming back !
don't bother with this place ! food lacked flavor . cafeteria style setting . wasn't impressed won't be back .
beautiful inside , drinks are horrible , just go for the view . they charge . for a photo
i was really looking forward to it . and was sadly disapointed ! the people were nice but the food is not good !
the haircut was awful , which makes me look like an old lady . i'm really unhappy about the experience .
they were nice but my pedi and mani chipped the fastest it ever did within days ! they were pricey
not coming there ever again . dirty , smelly , no breakfast , bit of noise from light rail for some reason .
can't help your friend move into his brand new apartment apparently . awful rude people .
charged me . for a medium ice cream and a cone . taking my business somewhere else .
omg horrible ! the food is nasty ! street tacos taste like dog food worse than . taco bell !
star for staying open late , star for kickass beef teriyaki . everything else really skeeves me out .
this review is only because the place no longer exists . it's now wang's taiwan beef noodle house .
culver's has closed . whataburger has opened in it's place .
good luck trying to get in here ! it use to be really good . now only one hair dresser works time .
expensive for tiny portions . limited menu . couldn't tell that there was any alcohol in my cadillac margarita .
very disappointing , lack of product knowledge , manager not helpful . do not buy from this store .
i'm sorry but dollars for one spring roll i'm confused . the pad thai was decent though .
never again ! this is what i got ! a very chaotic arrangement that supposed to be a christmas gift . embarrassing , really !
customer service lacking . one star for showing up mins late . one star for napkins . reduced likelihood of using again .
mediocre food . i do respect the creative combinations and the small plate share style . however nothing i tried was very good
staff is bothered by us customers . register girl was so rude . disappointed . wont be back .
why does umi block single reservations on opentable but allow any reservations for two or more ?
service is in decline at this company . very odd given the rising prices of the products .
mediocre food with a chip on its shoulder . food was okay but not particularly flavorful . we won't be back .
pretty substandard nagari , menus and place setting were dirty , wait staff seemed harried and over worked
hours do not match here versus what they actually are . store hours are m sunday
awful service and make sure sure you read every little detail .
just got my pizza an hour and a half after ordering . cold . totally cold . but eating it because i'm starving .
terrible service . jj scared my dog and then later told me he doesn't want to walk her anymore .
scam ! runaway ! there is no way out once your in . they never answer the phone to let you out .
attention ! they no longer do brunch , so don't waste your gas trying to get there .
yuck . wow . i coulda had anna's . i forgot it was blocks down . that is all .
nice food , but relatively small dishes . overpriced
great atmosphere . friendly , talented bar tenders . tasteless lobster roll . too bad .
horrible food ! we ordered chicken fried rice and tofu home style , and worst chinese food ever !
decent food . ok customer service . not a great experience overall
got take away and it was not so great which was surprising because dine in is pretty good easily stars .
service was super slow and the place was not packed , prices were too much for a burger .
ya it's not bad but the drinks and food are pretty plain and not super exiting pretty boring
ordered two cheese pizzas for a pm delivery time . at pm , no trace of a pizza nor a phone call .
mrs . oski gives this store two stars because its sale selection was not great .
great atmosphere that's it . the coffee is terrible , with prices to match . worst espresso i've had in austin .
minute wait with an empty restaurant on memorial day weekend . staff everywhere . needs better management !
disappointing service . . hours to get a leak checked after spending plus warranty certificates . sad .
ho hum calzone served with cold marinara .
not really outlets . just high end shopping . no factory rejects , few to no deep discounts .
food was fresh and the restaurant was packed . great male waiters but grumpy old lady cashier .
the service director , calvin piper , is not a standup guy . i would avoid at all cost .
stay away ! this place is awful and dirty !
iron chef used to be very good . i'm sad to see this restaurant go downhill . very disappointed !
new hours . closed early today and will close early tomorrow . better check the website before going to this restaurant .
really bland food . asked for spicy and it just wasn't there . we even had to salt our food . never again .
good service and environment . food taste ok nothing special . no reason why i shall visit again .
found a piece of chicken in my vegetarian dish . really bummed since i wanted to like this place .
wholly overpriced , weak meat department , but they do offer some kickass cookies . so i'm conflicted .
horrible service . piss poor management . food quality has deteriorated tremendously !
this is the rd time they were scheduled to pick up a mattress and fell through all times !
decent hotel . pretty standard hilton experience the place could be a bit nicer , though .
irish people don't know how to cook . just stick with the drinks here .
so disappointed with this company since bosley's was purchased by pet value ! terrible service and staff are so unhappy .
rude service and management specially the valet parking needs to treat people with respect .
bad customer service . not worth going to the restaurant and wasting your money . unhygienic ways of handling food . rude staff !
disappointed , food was average but terrible service and management did not seem to care . had to refill our own water .
waiters are assholes . insulted my girlfriend . will not be returning here , one waiter needs his ass kicked .
in all honesty , santapio's is nothing but a name . the pizza is just ok . service sucks . there's better pizza elsewhere .
cheap food after nothing special . tempura is above average
unfortunately all of the balloons we bought from here popped as soon as we got home .
don't bother . this place sucks . for an entree the size of an appetizer . you're paying for the ambiance .
not great service at this location , slow and item was much different than i receive at all the other locations .
dissapointingly sugared pumpernickel bread . americans suck at black bread , and this is a prime example .
this place sucks . period . crowd , price , music , floor , employees . all suck .
could've been a lot better . pretty overpriced for something i could have made at home .
will never order from here again . canceled order for delivery after waiting two hours for food .
dryer is terrible . staff is good . wash is ok . in the end a place you go to if convenient .
meh . the coffee tastes burnt . okay prices but no actual coffee cups for in house . paper cups blah
the atm is the same line as a teller line so you have to wait forever ! horrible setup !
do not come here . it continues to be terrible all raw burgers . they don't cook their burgers at all .
closed , and none too soon , except for a pre packaged rack outside the former location .
if you want your windows look like this , buy their products . truly simpli the best .
warning ! avoid oysters ! i got sick from oysters there . people earlier also got sick .
a very basic and poorly haircut . she is unfriendly no customer satisfaction . for sure i will not come back again .
typical pub fare and service . a view of the beach is all this place has going for it .
received terrible service here . bartenders busy visiting with each other . food just ok . drinks were weak . dont go there .
uber . you're fired . i didn't think anyone could make the atlanta taxi scene look good . nice job sucking uber .
food is pricey and high on sodium . drinks were good . i had texas margarita
service sucks , average drinks and shitty food . there's better taiwanese food near by .
found a nasty plastic in my soup . i'm not sure about their meal prep after seeing that .
who wants to smell cigars while they eat . you can even smell the smoke downstairs yards away . gross !
ordered a calzone from this place got home and it was cold as ice ! grossest thing i've ever had .
this place is average at best . food does come out quick , but that is about it .
if cold doughnuts , long lines and selfie taking tourists are your thing , be my guest .
had food delivered last night from here . i wouldn't order again . the food was icky . the chicken wings were discusting !
went to take a fork full of my bowl and but into hard rice , cook your food .
the owner who is behind cash register is very rude he hardly respond to customer questions ?
yes finally out of business ! hate to say i told you so .
had bathroom locked despite taking my money for food . employees talking about relationships the whole time i was there .
we had an apple tart , chocolate croissant , and raspberry hamantaschen . everything was pretty mediocre . cute place and nice owner though .
trash ass place , sorry af got roaches and rude employees . trashhhhhh . worst place ever don't come ever .
ordered crispy wings for take out . not burnt to a crisp . out of wing are good .
ok service , actitud can improve . not impressed .
tried to buy a handful of trail mix and it was going to cost . nope .
big disappointment . everything we ordered was subpar . head to robson street for decent korean food .
signs still not visible , prices still inflated . no change , still a rip off
didn't stay looking for a restaurant not a fast food italian bistro .
rude service , bland food , poor dinning atmosphere . will never return nor recommend anyone to try either .
had a red velvet cupcake . frosting is waaaaay too sweet , and the cheese tasted artificial . disappointing .
terrible customer service . felt very pressured , and the owner lied to me . would not recommend to anyone .
wow waited mins for undercooked rice and gyro meat ! probably the worse mediterranean experience i've ever had
wings are way too salty and waiting hours for a table ? ! ? no thanks . over rated imo
worst burger king i have been to in my life horrible food and horrible service
the queso had the consistency of water .
to dry clean a ladies winter coat ? i might as well buy a new one .
terrible phone skills with the employees . very rude . seems like nobody cares there . woman hung up on me . very dissatisfied .
staff is not capable of doing their jobs . and the manager does not help and train his staff well .
i have been waiting over a month for don to call me back on cpap head gear poor customer service
i am giving star as i cannot give . awful restaurant . unhygienic . that is all i can say .
overpriced sandwiches which are just ok . a guy at the cash register was very rude . will never come back again .
meh . just make sure you have a bottle of peptol bismol for the evening and a snuggie .
this place used to be good . now i highly doubt anyone working there is even licenced . horrible .
food is disgusting either no flavor or too much seasoning . not coming back here gross .
everything tastes like it was made in the publix bakery , but is way more expensive . good customer service , though .
still slow still horrible . everything about this location sucks . the drive thru always moves super slow .
riding on this cut rate bus line was scarey and smelly . i think i'll drive next time i go to nyc .
very good service . food presentation was very good . taste , about levels below williamsburg brooklyn gastro pubs .
wifi hardly ever works if it's even remotely busy . really frustrating . otherwise one of the nicer pf locations .
came here expecting a good experience and ended up having horrible service and waited over an hour for my food
really solid , fresh food with great prices but absolutely horrible service . don't know what else to say .
worst experience ever in car works . crazy prices not able to fix car properly very bad manager jay
horrible the bread was not cooked right and is it supposed to be hollow in the middle
chicken broccoli ziti was watery with no flavor at all . the broccoli cheddar bites are good
one crust option . slow and expensive . the crusts sitting out on the rack by where people order is beyond stupid .
did a groom job . she forgot one paw on one of my dogs .
sun trust is the worst bank i have ever dealt with . the customer service is terrible .
the salad and soup are ok , the rest of the available food choices are disappointing and bland at best .
tried going in there once but not accessible for me . they don't have ecv scooter carts .
average for the area at best . the food is mediocre and the service is just bad .
pretty bad all around . surprised they are still in business . do not go there unless your craving a terrible experience .
the guy here was a d bag . rude with no provocation . don't give this place your business .
this company will not accept emotional support animal documentation through licensed mental health counselors .
terrible service . to busy having fun . not paying any attention to customer standing out front .
if i could give zero stars i would . if you want a vehicle fixed correctly , take it somewhere else .
food was very bland . expensive items . chipotle and tijuana flats are much better , and a much better value .
went here with family and friends . slow and rude host , slow service , cold food . not worth the time .
old lady who worked there was extremely rude . i did not enjoy my experience and would suggest avoiding this location .
wegmans is not providing adequate protections or policies for their employees during the covid crisis .
the restaurant is good , but their grocery store employees need additional customer service training
barry armstrong pays for his show , what a f wast of his money . the shows really , really sucks
long drive thru wait , food was cold , burger did not have lettuce or any extras . would not return .
tires were bought from here , got a flat five bays open , guys standing around for minutes . slackers .
n
i don't understand what the fuss is about . rather go to krispy kreme
ordered one medium , charge delivery fee and tips , . expensive
terrible customer service and very disorganized . amazing that anything gets delivered from here . never had issues with other post offices .
one one check out line open p maybe fewer folks selling phones and few more ringing customers out
donuts ? walmart donuts are superior omg it's time to go back to fresh recently made donuts
i called this place and left a message times to book an appointment . never heard back . very rude indeed
kicking people out for having tattoos ? your employees should be ashamed of themselves .
horrible service . the waiter just ignored us and reached to the next couple . horrible horrible horrible serive .
to much audience participation . not enough indiana jones . boring . wish i didn't waste my time !
customer service is a deal breaker if a store can't get that right even if the cannoli are good .
don't use them . extremely rude and the owner will cuss you out . the office is no better .
overall i would give this place an ehh and it wasn't worth a second trip .
shit boss , the factory has gone bankrupt , the boss owed a lot of money and has run away .
update got my mrsa results . and a bill . was not informed the test was that costly .
great name for this place as the food , service and management are ruff .
this place makes the worst excuse for a mai tai i've ever tasted . and i'm from hong kong .
guy that works here is extremely rude . im never coming back . worst convenience store ever never come here
service here is terrible . won't recommend going here unless you are desperate . there are many better options nearby .
not open when we drove . hours to get there . they won't answer the phones either . just really disappointed
i have been waiting for a dashboard part for months . nalley doesn't return calls for updates .
the unfortunate combination of average food , awful service and poor wine selection . life's too short .
worst fries ever . should be called baked potato sticks that ressemble fries and they're cold .
the potstickers suck . if the potstickers aren't improved in precisely month , i'm never setting foot in this establishment again .
look up the class action suit . unethical and horrible company .
i got the feel that i am not welcome there ! seriously ! worst customer services i have seen in the us .
i was just told columbus operations have stopped .
all meat was chewy and old . the pizza tasted even better . the service and waitress was great .
was super impressed until i was told that they don't go north of burnside . because block is too far ?
horrible customer service we order a hookah repetitive last night . received hours later .
average food and i did not feel well after . definitely over priced . nice ambiance .
left after the apps not a great experience . bartenders talk down to guest and food was mediocre at best .
had delivery . order was not complete and did not enjoy the food . recommend you pick a different indian food restaurant .
its not worth hour wait . bbq is very salty . i would recommend city market in luling , tx
horrible service . the worst . lori is extremely rude and unprofessional .
our salsa had a hair . the server did not do anything to make up for it . food was okay . eeh .
they deserve minus . if you receive their parking tickets , send them back to easy park .
slanderer and liar . i don't advise working with this person .
pretty mediocre experience . you'd be better served to go somewhere else where they appreciate your business .
worst customer service ever ! owner is very rude and disgraceful . avoid this place !
this is closed ! it is now a kaddy carwash with not interior cleaning option .
patsy's is very hit or miss . sometimes the dough is cooked , sometimes it's a doughy mess .
would give it stars if i could , the managers don't know what they are doing . stay away
ordered but food never showed up . what we had was good but service wasn't . waitress didn't seemed too concerned
this is my first to write in yelp . i am too disappointed . too expensive and small dishes ! even charge warter !
sleezy place . sold me a broken appliance . avoid at all cost .
aweful service i never complain but . four times i was promised water with no delivery im done
friendly staff , but the food was mediocre . i ordered the chicken enchiladas , the rice was dry and portions were small .
dumped our meals down the garage disposal seriously ! attempts to resolve feel on deaf ears . avoid .
terrible place . awful owners . rude staff . you might as well make your own food from scratch . yikes .
closed and renamed joes corner tavern reopened jan xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
this place is overrated , in my opinion . it's food for the masses and nothing more . unremarkable .
bad service and weird smell . not recommended anymore . vibe is weird too . it's disappointing .
was closed when i went there during its published business hours looked like it might be that way for awhile .
for a milkshake . that is all . freaking dollars for milk and a scoop of ice cream .
mediocre food , high priced , and service was lacking . wouldn't think twice about coming back here .
no dogs on a front outside patio . ? plenty of other breweries that welcome dogs . will update if this changes .
if you like melted crap , this is for you ! out of chocolate and chocolate chip . wtf ?
hrs for small cold pizzas to be delivered .
seems like a lot of work to be so indifferent to your customers . eye contact is so .
im hurt and angry . the cashier is obviously miserable . don't ruin your day by going there .
good grub , but way too expensive . don't order potato salad . breakfast tacos are .
oh wow another overcrowded , overpriced , bland sports bar with too many televisions . just what boston needs .
the servers are nice looking but the chicken wings are bad . nasty fat chicken wings , don't get them
service was very slow . food arrived cold , but tasty . for the price , i expected better .
the supervisor was quite ignorant and the job wasn't done completely as expected
terrible return policies , really rude people working here .
they refried old fries . yuck !
the brat has little flavor and the bun was stale .
had cold egg mcmuffins , and their famous hospitality ! i would just stay clear of this dump .
i went there twice so far . was not impressed by the service at all . the middle age guy appered rude .
waiting for a friend and there is far too much talk about co workers by the crew today !
looks unique and adorable from the exterior but the food is similar to a shari's or denny's . friendly service .
service was terrible , food was terrible , place was dirty . yuck . go elsewhere if u r looking for some good thai .
the staff is really rude . don't like their behavior of dealing with their customers . sucks !
great food as always ! delivery was on time ! fav place to order take out
this post office was locked when i came in today . apparently it's been closed , possibly permanently , since late december .
look elsewhere not good on follow up , they don't return calls
actually i did contact jason's deli by email a month ago they said they'd look into it . nothing since .
me and my friend got fraud credit card charges after we used our credit cards at this drive thru
not very helpful with saving money . hold your vehicle hostage as long as possible to make more .
what a waste of time dealing with these people . don't even bother at this dealership .
just got pieces meal , and all three is mad salty and well too dry . will never go back again .
food is good . but they never get the order right . go to waltham location instead . probably better management .
way too many roaches , shit don't be clean , and the water pressure sucks . never again !
why do their employees skimp on the meat . nothing pisses off customers more . i hope you go out of business .
lunch specials are not cooked fresh so i would not recommend . meat was chewy and dry
so disappointed ! i walked in , was seated immediately and then ignored for minutes . end up leaving .
underwhelmed or should i say overwhelmingly below average . just save yourself the aggravation and go somewhere else .
absolute rip off ! absolute waste of time ! lots of sleazeballs !
. charge for a small bowl of average salsa . server did not explain in advance . not cool
dollars to clean a pair of shoes . way too expensive . i could get it for other places .
they overcharged my friends credit card by dollars ! what a mess . use cash .
staff is rude and dismissive . heaven forbid you ask for something that is complex of them .
the last times i went in , the food was pretty bland , and the presentation of the dishes was sloppy .
i thought shojo was really normal . nothing special . i had way better fusion food at other places .
bad and silly service , small space , no space for sitting . cool and different but no recommend
for a premade , barely alcoholic frozen drink in a tacky souvenir type plastic cup . there are no words .
food tastes bland and weird interior setup , but nice decorations . food not worth the money . maybe good study spot
here's a name for this joint , bland bits of seafood and rice . i've had better at ruby tuesdays
limited menu but first class atmosphere but overpriced and small portions . we left hungry !
overpriced and the sauce taste like ketchup , vinegar and dishwater .
a former shadow of itself . used to be so warm and cosy and welcoming . dont think ill be returning . sad
long lines , above average pricing and average food . not too much i can say about the paramount . i'd pass .
the worst , most unprofessional , rude cab company i've ever used . won't call them again .
really the food sucks and is overpriced . service is slow .
employs open racist and white supremacist david kane . horrible professional move . horrible professor . shame on harvard .
i am disappointed to learn that some of the menu items contain trans fat .
really disappointed with llbean that they don't give discounts to veterans . apparently , profit trumps gratitude .
the place had good hispanic music , but it smelled like dirty public bathroom . aguardiente shots !
my group of three were food poisoned here . will report to health dept of ma . never going to return .
food used to be better with original cuban owner . now it's basic and generic . too bad .
food , mediocre service , horrible . the rudest waitstaff in newton . cleanliness , disgusting .
worst customer service ever . the guy does not want people here .
another day , another long line of peterpanbus salary payers waiting for no show buses cxfail peterpanbus
horrible . gave it a couple tries . service is bad and poorly managed . they should change name to graffiti dis function .
necesitan mas supervision end la comida viene muchas personas mayores que no pueden comer salado !
very tasty bbq brisket sandwich . however skimpy on amount of meat . for . for a medium , not a good value .
for sports you cant go wrong ! food just ok and service the same .
the menu was limited . the service was good , but overall it was not a great mexican restaurant experience .
i am sure not professional sichuan chefs cooking , not really good , never go back again .
been there multiple times . it actually got worse each time . way overrated . very nice staff though .
unwilling to work with tenants who continuously pay their rent on time and are very unsympathetic to unfortunate circumstances .
the pineapple buns were the only good thing . non existent customer service
cute atmosphere for cocktails and to watch the sunset . food was so salty it was inedible .
plans is filthy rude service . always out of something . drink station is nasty as is counter . beware
ice cream was okay but was freezer burned . the place is pretty dirty and has kids toys everywhere .
staff not wearing masks . evident there are no covid measures in place . walked in and walked out .
just awful . uncomfortable . big disappointment . will not return . do not know what the hype was about ?
if you wanna screw up your day , go to this place .
people have left some pretty bad reviews about this place . i'm not doubting their experiences
horrible wi if . it's a joke here , don't waste your time to come here because you will not get anything done .
the salespeople at ben bridge have become very aggressive . stay away unless you're into that .
the drinks are good . the vibe is a little . trying too hard and the food isn't worth the calories .
food was ok small portions service sucked very unprofessional staff would not chose this place but to each his own
terrible service , make your order wrong , long wait times . i would find another location if you're really craving mexican .
worst customer service ever don't you ever buy pizza here . i order a pepperoni pizza and they forgot the pepperoni !
not so good food , bad service , rude waitress . i will look somewhere else to have breakfast next time .
horrible host . extremely horrible management . but brooke was amazing ! there's other restaurants very similar with way better service
huge ass at air canada portal beware last time they were very rough on my groin area .
great bagels . horrible coffee
normally great spot this time got the worst service no extra frys waited min for refill on tea
i've had ra sushi before but never this disappointed . i got the chirashi bowl and calamari .
depressing zoo . it's sad to see the animals like this .
it took minutes for me to get a caramel frappe and there wasn't many people in the store
worst experience to start a vacation . over a two hour wait time to pick up my prepaid car is unexceptionable .
ordered vegetable chow mein for take out . absolutely inedible gelatinous , overcooked , and flavorless .
pricey and the food was not very good . soup was watery . jason's deli is much fresher
very hot exercise room . degrees is unacceptable . tvs on machines are broken .
here for lunch around pm on a weekday . slow service , subpar food , no plans of returning .
service is horrible food is mediocre drinks are watered down waitress spilled a tray of drinks near me enough said .
no menus , the server clueless and the food is below average . seriously hurt my love for chinese food . never again !
actually i want to give zero . very unprofessional . charged a lot and didn't fix the car !
double cheese bacon burger sub was disgusting . not even sure what i was eaten .
the bar staff is really slow . they don't pay attention to your needs . my first time here . wont come back .
really bad experience . service is horrible . i order one simple appetizer and it took forever . other tables were served first .
both my husband and i endured food poisoning from this establishment .
the food is extremely overpriced given the mediocre quality . drinks were nothing more than decent .
minutes for the take out that was promised in . lots of nonsensical excuses made . won't be back .
even from the parking lot this place reeks of cigarette butts , cheap booze , and broken dreams .
had dinner here as well as happy hour . nice place , food is average at best .
non reliable , owner is rude shitty behavior , they are expensive for the short jobs they do
slow . one guy taking orders . line wasn subsequently out the door . terrible floor layout as well .
refused to provide tax exemption to members of the united states army while traveling on official government orders .
stale waffle cup , very generic tasting ice cream . enough said .
other than these cons the place is terrible . too expensive . too small portions . too poor service . awful location . gritty food .
rude staff . poor service and food tasted nasty .
slow service . we stood in the door unacknowledged for mins before seating ourselves at the bar .
stay away from this dealership for service . they are unhelpful , overcharge for diagnostics , and are not nice people .
hostess was rude and they discriminate against large parties . manager did little to rectify the situation . very disappointing .
i've experienced better . service and food not that great . was expecting a better experience
losing their mojo . thai tea now served in regular snap top cup instead of sealed , so impossible to shake properly .
bad , rude service low quality sushi expensive . don't waste your money here , it'd be more satisfying to burn it with a zippo .
where to begin . costco grade pizza and rude staff that pretty much sums it up . won't be returning
couldn't even reach them on the phone to order . phone operator just kept saying the number was deactivated
this place doesn't even deserve star . stay away !
for all of my vegetarian friends , the vegetarian burrito is not vegetarian . the beans are cooked with meat .
average antiseptic eleven . come here for all of your mediocre c store needs .
dont bother . way overpriced for quality croissants are chewy bread , not flaky , and the coffee is watery and flavorless .
catherine hinds only cares about students who pay out of pocket . students who have financial aid aren't cared about .
expensive for no reason . not worth the hype at all . staff is rude and unprofessional . definitely do not recommend it .
worst experience ever . mis scheduled . mis billed . no pain management . over xrayed . find another doctor .
the restaurant named kirin at vancouver richmond is full of discriminative creature , do avoid it .
so , in my attempt to pacify my weeks long bloody marry craving , i stepped into tilt . a major let down .
go to pappadeaux . this place is very small and over priced for the amount of food you receive .
over rated , long wait ordinary food . one and done . not sure what all of the fuss is about tbh
hour er wait is standard . there isn't a shred of urgency for what is supposed to be emergency care .
a simple sunday night evening take out dinner turned into days off from work .
beef was tough , phad thai was pretty good . overall nothing special .
bad service . really bad service and coffee . they don't know how to say sorry and thanks
brisket quesadillas were great but everything else tasted bland . for the experience vs value this place is priced too high .
ya . took hrs to get our food . multiple calls and multiple excuses . not the best experience , at all .
entirely mediocre salad . colossally inferior to the nearby hale hearty . bizarre ordering process . nope , not again .
the door is locked even though the open sign is on and listed hours are open . not very good service .
the only time i ever went here we waited hours to be seated for a reservation . no .
worst customer service ever ! avoid this place . spend the money where you are treated with respect and dignity .
very overpriced , location was good , food , not so much , even the soda was flat
shithole . don't come here they advertise one cover price and then change it when u get there . food absolutely sucks
the sushi bar not nice than hmart one . fish is ok but notthe best price
super slow service . all good items from happy hour are not available . can't be worse than this .
overpriced and underportioned . won't return . margarita was mostly ice . food portions good for lent .
bunch of crafty , useless slobs . stay far away .
this place is not clean . restrooms are not cleaned , menus are dirty and the owner is a rude idiot .
complete junk . sorry but that is not a burger and the ingredients and flavours aren't even good .
talk about the american way to ruin sushi . wow . this is definitely it . the japanese would cringe if they knew about this !
ashley came out . declared cusion velcro works and that there is nothing they can do . enough said .
snotty , rude guy dark hair , beard , glasses pony tail bad customer service in a place that is usually polite
bruh this place is trash . the print center ? trash . the customer service ? trash ! the employees ? trash .
their weather modeling is historically inaccurate . tune into any other tv station to get an accurate weather forecast .
seven people behind the counter and the line barely moves . might actually be the slowest starbucks on the planet .
fine , but nothing special . food was adequate , service prompt and friendly , prices a touch high for value received .
overpriced horrible yogurt and dirty , very old toppings , save your money and go somewhere else .
very disappointed ! left a dog that was to be cremated weeks ago in the fridge in the office !
the love hate relationship continues . mostly because the service upstairs was so snotty
food poisoning central . this place is nasty and i wish i could give a zero star .
came in on tuesday morning and the barista did not wear her mask . talking the whole time while making coffee .
not one thing i like about this place . that includes the awful parking lot for the entire sandy springs plaza .
too expensive , slow service , and mediocre food . not impressed
weak ass soup . very disappointed . much better noodle soups to be found . sliders looked good though .
cupcakes hard and dry especially for the price . frosting seemed fresh but cupcakes seemed very old . super disappointed .
quality of produce is equivalent to dumpster diving . at least with dumpster diving , the stuff you get is free .
terrible company . terrible customer service . terrible apartments . would not recommend .
i'll spare you the details , don't bother coming here . nothing fast , nothing right , rude staff .
pricy on drinks and steam rice a tiny cup
customer service was nonexistant . food was mediocre . coffee was actually pretty good , but that's it .
horrible people with nasty arrogant attitudes work here . managers included .
poorest customer service . high employee turnover . do not dump my dumpster as scheduled . the worst service ever .
gross . super bland . wouldn't recommend . soup just tasted like broth . rice just taste like soy sauce . worst of the worst
blowers didn't work that well water was still left on the car
touch free , not working saturday and sunday
the only item good is the coffee . did you ever hear of a restaurant charging to toast a bagel ? !
boring menu and of course consistently horrible customer service .
tasty , gf food . service was good . can't justify the extremely high prices for some of the items , though .
no . overpriced and noisy . why are they serving coconut shrimp or mahi ? go elsewhere .
snooty staff who can't make a non fat no foam latte . more like a cappuccino !
requested a quote to replace an a c compressor . will only install their own sourced parts , earning a markup .
these guys are still rude idiots . use the coop for the free bathroom . buy books through amazon .
took my girlfriend here back in february for her birthday . food was ok but a little over priced .
food is alright , but noise pollution is not . good burgers on far west . the boulevard bar grill
absolute worst service ive ever had . i wrote tge manager full details about our visit and never got a response .
first time trying the rolled ice cream and just wasn't a fan . presentation is better than it taste .
cinnamon roll so hard great glad you back on the eastside we need more they were packed
average bar , average food , average service .
such a terribly run restaurant . tragically , austin just doesn't have very much good breakfast restaurants dt .
it's friday at lunch time and it is closed . guess the latest reviews were correct .
extremely rude and abusive staff , especially at the food station . complete jerks .
shitty shitty shitty . you'll lose your money , waste your time and cause lots of stress . go somewhere else
totally average . i had the salmon benny and a decaf parallel coffee . even the coffee was meh .
sold me a warranty that didn't cover broken handles on my refrigerator . avoid these seedy creeps .
fairly decent , but bland . nowhere near as good as bamboo sushi on rd .
close to for a mediocre burrito ? not much meat ? i felt like i got robbed .
if urban outfitters was a restaurant overpriced unoriginal pretentious but totally poppin' on ig
update still no refund . i've called them multiple times , and now i've filled a bbb complaint
slow , rude , disgusting , never had worse service anywhere , was treated worse than most prison inmates
the front office staff are very passive aggressive and rude . otherwise the doctor is great .
horrible place , the food is below average , the portions are small and the service is very slow and unfriendly
got a terrible sour tasting iced coffee . not sure if the milk they used was spoiled or what .
i went here at pm to eat and they were closed yet there hours say always open until midnight .
do not waste your time with this place . boston has hundreds of better options .
pros solid happy hour specials cool design and ambiance cons hostess was rude . waiter was condescending .
worst experience ever min to get this i shall not return why would i this is terribly not sufficient
horrible experience ! lazy employees ! they are always out of doughnuts very poor selection . the doughnuts are amazing !
covered in bed bug bites . from reading the reviews management doesn't seem too concerned . filed a formal complaint with spg
food is good , but only one cook translates into hr wait for everything but popsicles and pop .
worst fabric department ever . fabrics too same fabrics never changing . i gave one star for the button selection
ok , but given the hype , expectations were high and food was nothing exceptional . outdoor seating is nice .
what a disappointment ! they've really gone downhill . had salad rolls and vietnamese pancake . both just edible .
this claustrophobic , dingy , hole in the wall is plagued by long lines and a pervasive sense of low level chaos . beware .
it seemed clean , the service was good . sushi was very dry rice and mediocre at best ,
the chief just seems incapable of cooking fish and it really sucks at all .
not great food , overpriced in my opinion . long wait times and really not worth the wait imo
i wouldn't even give them a star . the worst ! tons of hidden weird policies about insurance , total scam !
no point in making an appointment if they don't honor it . understaffed and overbooked .
great food but small potions i wasn't really full after . but i like thier abcs desert
really tasteless fried flounder if it wasn't for the lettuce , tomato , pickles and tarter ! disappointed a few times here . we're done !
so slow , they have gotten my order wrong numerous times . this place needs more employees to put it simply .
the business owner has unethical business practices and treats her employees terribly ! take your business elsewhere !
not good . chicken wings were the tiniest i've ever seen . brunch was very uninspired too
it was very bad . bad service bad food and the tables were sticky . would not recommend .
don't go to ron . dude messed up my beard so bad i had to shave my face clean . haircut uneven .
tough old horse meat and watery sauce . your stomach deserves better than this garbage .
should have gone to chipotle , not a good mexican chain . rice was not good , not great overall . not worth it
cool concept , needs a lot of improvement . the chef didn't know if their bread contained dairy products . really ?
trash ! don't waste time . we need better than this dump . poor service bad poor food
rude and incompetent employees . for the amount of money spent we expected much better service .
overpriced . small portions . not that tasty . nuff said .
zero stars if i could . terribly rude . puts you on hold without even saying hello . everett taxi , hold on
save your money . all the food seems like it was defrosted and heated on a microwave . never again .
the tow truck driving broke my axle trying to get it off the truck . completely incompetent . run by junkies .
not the best . i try to avoid it as much as possible . everything is greasy and very mediocre .
fucking shit hole with great music and dickheaded bartenders that don't know a shooter from a shot
close the doors . rude waitstaff . cooks quit . aaa ssdbdbcjcjcjcjcjcjcjfjdhdbd ddbdhdhdjx
great location , food is average and over priced , space it cramped staff is nice
at a presentation and the microphones keep cutting out with no staff around to fix it .
way to expensive , will never use again . friendly staff , but the price is just way expensive .
in my opinion , not worth it . pricey and damaged stained clothing . maybe i'd check out accessories , but not actual clothing .
hires unqualified inspectors who have never built houses . consider the experiences of your inspector
the food here looks and taste like taco bell . not authentic all . the chicken burrito was disgusting .
i go here to by dog toys on occasion . i prefer smaller local pet stores .
airplane chicken is a perfect description of the quality of the food here . maybe it gets better with more drink ?
food is good , but their take out service is extremely slow . downtown location is so much faster .
i got drunken noodles with shrimp delivered through uber eats . noodles are undercooked and taste so bland .
absolutely sad excuse for a portion of food . flavor was good but i don't understand over charging !
service is great . food came out cold . nothing special for the price . don't waste your money .
i called for someone to come over for an estimate and they never came , ignored my messages .
star because i ubered from my hotel only to find the location closed for renovations .
stopped here for an iced coffee after boycotting for about months . iced coffee was watery and bitter . boycotting for good .
not too many flavors and the waffle cone was soggy .
leading the city in auto thefts , and larceny from vehicles , happy shopping
i always want to like this place but they're way too expensive for the kind of restaurant they are .
terrible experience ever ! wouldn't recommend this restaurant . poor services , food not as good as before . big change !
way over priced . limited menu . below average food with small portions . the absolute worst service in atlanta .
bagels no bueno yerba mate bueno
would leave stars , if possible . hotel is ancient , built in and full of mold . beware !
this place is a joke . they only care about making more money , they don't care about customers .
destroyed by fire , july th . a kitsilano institution for years . rip , topanga .
terrible people , very rude . i'd go somewhere else . greed is bad mkay .
this is the worst mcdonald's in town . slow service and i've never had an order made right here .
this place is too slow to be useful . average wait time to get a coffee is minutes . that's nuts .
eleven dollars for what was probably two deconstructed brussels sprouts ? really ? i'll admit it was tasty , but still .
dumpy place with mediocre thai food . go a couple of extra miles and get something much better !
the pasta noodles are not al dente . twice my noodles come out sticky and mushy . the servings are small .
this store was in a shambles ! such a mess ! in some aisles i couldn't walk though . meager selections . nice clerk .
absolute rudest service i've ever experienced . i don't know how this place stays open . ridiculous .
the taste doesn't match the price , lamb shoulder , terrible , . burger ? wendy does a better job . ramen ? it is not ramen
poor service long waits pricey for no reason this is eastie get ur bourgeoisie bullshit out of here
understaffed , disorganized and ok food . omelet lady didn't seem like she wanted to be there .
funky artisan jewelery with horrendous customer service experienced on multiple occasions . wanted to buy , but i couldn't stomach the condescension .
burger was nasty and undercooked . owner is standoffish and no soap in the bathroom . disgusting
a haiku review of cassidy's right next to crystal . seems like a place to pre drink . forgettable place .
had a chicken sandwich with fries it wasn't that good . had drinks paid . dollars .
great location and friendly staff . entirely too overpriced . pros ambiance , location , bar cons overpriced , service
horrible food . nice but still mediocre service , especially for a saturday afternoon . probably wont be back .
stars . they continue to be rude and yell at you on the phone , danny is obnoxious and nasty horrible
came for lunch . food was ok , service was lax . for extra chips so we could finish the salsa ? really ?
i like the brown paper in the windows . it's really a good look for them .
pretty bad . tasteless fried rice and really unappetizing crispy pad thai . will not be getting take out again .
terrible food . nothing to do with chinese . service sucks .
good shakes and burgers . poor service through drive through !
frequent minute waits due to lack of available stylists . usually one . weekends they might have two .
fried chicken is good but their pho is definitely overrated and their bubble tea is horrible !
it was really slow . and the food was terrible . looks ugly and tastes average . not like the photos at all .
this place is really for contractors so if you are not one you better just go to rona .
unbelievable bad experience . i just left and went to sheri's and will never go back .
extremely overpriced drinks , honestly would avoid this place if possible . their tea is !
more like stone cold pizza . a minute wait , and a cold pizza delivered for plus tip ! don't bother .
pool not clean , according to health inspectors . swim at own risk . keep mouth close please !
enjoyed the theme and personality of this business . unfortunately , i found the chili inedible .
out of all iced coffees . get it together . staff blames staff of day prior . train new people .
subpar mexican food and drinks . inattentive servers when the restaurant is empty . would not visit again
unfortunately the staff was very standoffish actually kind of rude i won't be returning
a complete scam . they take your money and never perform . do your research
this place is filthy , saw roach in my food . i had to throw up . somebody please shut down this place
just another sip that gets to sell you stuff you don't need and neglects the important stuff !
to much pressure by denisth jadav for next step that i did not decide . not recomended
nothing gluten free they say . though most sushi places can figure this out .
overpriced , go elsewhere . mcdevitt , what kind of an oddball mexican name is that ?
food is bad but portions are enormous . annoying owner wants to shake your hand when you leave .
super late night amongst all the restaurants in chinatown , this is one of the last to close
it used to be a great chinese restaurant . now it's not worth the money .
horrible . rude people . disgusting attitude . need to learn how to mind their own business
horrible . these people are shamefully incompetent . rude office staff , dirty waiting room , random billings , bad experience all around . beware !
worst . burger king . ever . worst . burger king . ever . worst . burger king . ever . worst . burger king . ever .
national thrift shop day august no sales like in the past . what happened ?
not a great selection compared to other locations even like sized . super rude checker at the items or less line .
a haiku review of laurelwood bad experience . the bar was like a day care . subpar food and beer .
food was ok but not great . slow service for just a handful of customers . we won't be returning .
i never thought that kalua pork could ever turn out bad . well l l proved me wrong .
bucks for a sandwich . i'm expecting big things . nope . decent sandwich but at this price that ain't good enough .
disappointing and overpriced . i'm a vegetarian though so maybe it's more exciting for carnivores .
just had a boba tea . clumpy lumpy boba , too much ice , weak tea . way too expensive for a sub par drink .
the recruiter's lie and don't refer qualified , individuals of color to major companies within the greater boston area .
this location is so bad ive literally stopped ordering from dominos . every . single . time . there is an issueq
if i could give a minus i would . shitty customer service and so over priced . avoid at all costs .
music good bar meh overpriced pbr and long waits .
am i the only who noticed that the appetizers were the size of gumballs ? way overpriced . good wine , but o ver priced .
don't waste your time or money with these people ! they ignore work requests phone calls safety issues !
ordered for delivery . my pizza was totally cold . there was barely any cheese on it . this place is really lame .
this place is awful , pls take ur family somewhere else
update some of the weeping blisters left scars . one scar became precancerous and had to be removed .
very late or when early despite mbta site saying otherwise drives right past you . disgraceful bus line driven by morons .
casual . high prices . less quantity . blend food ! pricey but good cakes .
best buy , target and sports authority are keeping the doors open on this place . what a dump .
terrible korean food . spicy pork was hardly spicy , terribly sweet .
burger was everage . service was really slow . not a busy night . probably wait for slower night .
the delivery driver never tries to deliver an overnight package . ever . they can't even find them half the time .
expensive and not particularly tasty . the portion sizes are generous but there are other better choices for dim sum .
had the veggie burger and came down with severe food poisoning . will never visit again .
don't go here if you want a quick meal . jeez . how long does it take to cook a hotdog ? !
boycott all walmart's they are laying off their seniors and disabled people it's bullshit
here at grava service for an express oil change . an hour and minutes later , i'm still sitting here waiting .
ridiculously terrible service . absolutely zero help , and indifferent . welcome to airport service at its worst .
this restaurant was actually very tiny and old fashioned . the food was not so fresh and the service was poor .
unreliable . unprofessional . undependable . unresponsive . untimely . unqualified . unbelievable !
worst experience ever . rude lady bad massage and overrated and over priced .
horrible service . slowest coffee shop i've been to in boston . took minutes for me to get a breakfast sandwich .
ordered to go and they forgot to put the steak in our bacon texas cheesesteak .
terrible ! jonathan is a pompous ass ! don't waste your time !
rude servers and dirty tables . makes me worried about cleanliness for a place that serves raw fish . s
super poor service , horrible texas margaritas gross food i was sick in bed the entire next day !
not my type of pizza . the crust and the cheese very different than pizza outside of boston .
my car was broken into . smelled like cigarettes . do not park here ! the people who run the garage don't care .
still not even a call or response . i'll continue to write reviews until i hear back from someone .
i hate this place ! why is it still open ? terrible service , terrible food , and almost guaranteed food poisoning
horrible customer service ! long wait to receive your order . staff isn't friendly ! i expect better from starbucks . i'm highly disappointed .
nick provided great customer service , very courteous and efficient . thank you again !
bland ! wanted clam strips and was very disappointing . the dog did not seem to mind .
disappointing . pan seared halibut had no texture or flavor
very very very bad restaurant nothing nice , the food was horrible it's the worst experience for me
underground location , underimpressive food . sure it's cheap , but i'm pretty sure they cook on a hot plate .
wish everyone would taste real italian cannoli to understand that mike's is just a mere flavorless imitation .
this location is always slow . takes at least minutes for them to give me one pizza every . single . time .
i had queso and migas fajitas . very bad food , actually terrible , this is not meant to be considered a restaurant .
stay away ! they still charge you for the month coming up when you cancel ! scam artist
horrible food , scary neighborhood , questionable clientele . the staff tried hard , but there's only so much they can do .
pad thai and chicken penang . both flavorless . this was my nd time trying and i won't be back .
this place is not good . there is no taste and it's really greasy . doesn't even taste like chinese
good beer . so so service . so so food . i won't go back unless it's just for a beer .
owners are homophobic transphobic bigots
slow service , ran out of all breakfast meats , and they couldn't even give straws with the drinks .
the weirdest experience ever . the person who made my cookie cake literally asked me for a tip . will never return !
went for lunch today the wings where clearly warmed up and dried out the picture xzavier was good i
overpriced . ribs small and overcooked . bbq beans greens and brisket sand was very good . hog wild kills over this place
this place can suck my fucking balls . over a hr wait and hung up on . called and hung up on .
didn't find anything that tasted good . the food quality was very poor and tasted odd . not going to return .
terrible bread . awful service . old and tired . i won't be back .
dirty restaurant , very slow and chicken is not tasty . it's flavorless and the bites have a strange smell
food is decent but the service is the worst . if you're going to eat here get it to go .
they used to hire great drive thru people . but now they hire people that just don't get where that work .
horrible horrible horrible stay away . i am regreting every single minute
i've never had such bland pho before in my life ! and at a bowl , don't waste your time here !
eh , what can i say ? the food is ok when everywhere else is closed o'clock in the morning .
i live right across the street and i order delivery else where . sub par food . great people however .
noodles were a little under cooked . shrimp was chewy . shrimp and a salad cost ! waitresses were very nice .
tried to get food on break at work , walked over and they were closed during their listed hours
i cannot believe this place has stars . all three dishes we had were terrible . see picture for example .
service . attention to detail . efficiency . all poor at this location at pm on a wednesday night .
the juice is really nice but the service is super slow . ba bow
unfriendly atmosphere starting with the bouncer . definitely not worth the cover charge . many better options steps away .
plane go fly . all airports suck compared to tia !
this place really sucks . they'll hire anybody as long as they're cheap . bad place back to hc
this place is a total waste of time terrible food , noisy , and rude staff .
first time experience at green papaya found a thin wire in a piece of orange chicken . enough said
very bad experience . recommended unnecessary root canal just for money . wish have never went there .
no phone banking support . my card was decline while out of town for labor day snd i was left hanging .
who's stupid idea was it to make a potato skin pizza ? barfing right now
this place is cool but the bartender they suck . don't know how to do a customer service .
the worst product and customer service i have ever received ! i will never order from them or recommend !
only one other table and had to wait min for meal . once it came it was stone cold !
terrible customer service non existent almost antagonistic . there needs to be a serious overhaul of the management . build more targets !
very unhelpful teller . also too many ridiculous rules policies fees that bank of america has that inconveniences the customer .
never ever go to this location unless you want to end up in the hospital .
safe drivers , they are not . professional drivers shouldn't be running red lights , especially when there's traffic .
mediocre coffee at best . even starbucks is better . not sure how this place got stars .
food was nothing special . the cashier server was not friendly but curt and preoccupied .
the worst quality in everything they sell . looks like they're going out of business , and i hope they do .
overpriced tasteless lunch . with tip for three people eating sandwiches , salads and non alcoholic drinks . garbage . avoid .
perhaps the worst staff on the planet ! lady being nice taking orders is rude to everyone . will not be back .
the service here is absolutely abysmal . if you don't mind your waitress not caring what you ordered then eat here .
worst customer service experience ever with their loan servicing department bordering on harassment .
worst customer service ever ! food is not worth raving over either . tastes just like every other wing place .
had wings . names sound interesting but wings were dry . won't be getting them here again
im not sure what to think of this place . weird concept and no employees speak english
no dogs on the patio . where almost every other place is outside dog friendly . glad to bring our business elsewhere !
expensive location and always a long wait . go to the mcdonalds less than a mile down the road on st .
luncheon specials , gross , soggy rice , food was cold , waiter is ignorant at best .
very quick response , but the price is definitely too high . i should've used angie's list .
this place doesn't allow want black people at their business . it's sad that this place is still open .
overpriced . great for kids but price not worth it , for adults anyway . and the marshmallows can't be sanitary
i would not use this company . they will manipulate invoice dates to increase their monthly billing .
it's diner food . it's fine , but don't believe because there's a line that it's worth the wait .
terrible management and tons of ridiculous fees . these guys are the worst experience i've ever had with realty .
horrible customer service , rude , unhelpful , and insulting . go to advanced auto parts right down the street .
the woman at the register took my order and without washing her hands proceeded to put my cheeseburger together .
i agree with the other reviews completely poor quality and unknowledgeable staff pretty much sums it up .
food is average chinese . prices are fair but i didn't get good service
way too slow ! unless you want to waste twenty minutes , i recommend not using their drive through .
the food is okay not really superb coz it's salty , too pricey . in fairness the place is good .
service was ok food was served cold and smaller portion than i expected for a big breakfast description .
food was awful . my husband and i were sick the rest of the day . very limited seating .
rude female owner , expensive and slow is not a good combination ! highly unlikely i will return soon .
disaster ! do not eat here . well , unless you don't mind having your car booted . ridiculous .
creepy . oddly fake . soulless and out of place . seems like you're on a set for the bachelor . food was mediocre .
a business lunch . lovely view . disappointing salad . dinky . dirty chairs , which really surprised me .
cheap good sushi . however , i hate it when the chefs are constantly asking you if you're ok . so annoying !
terrible undercooked pizza with long black hair in the crust . never again i'm all set .
overrated and overpriced . staff was not friendly and the food was mediocre . i do not recommend ciao bella .
complete disorganized mess , it has become a huge trial to go in and grab a couple bagels .
terrible and thoughtless people . don't eat here . it is definitely not a family oriented restaurant .
the staff is very rude and not one person understands english smh very rude and messy will never go back
so terribly smokey . there is a nice outdoor patio out back , so i'm not sure why they allow smoking inside .
gourmet panini press ? go fuck yaself , cheddo .
worst establishment ever . owner manager is rude beyond belief . i would never recommend this place at all .
didn't get my order right which was super simple . didn't have any personality . don't waste your time .
alfredo cappuccino is served in a plastic cup . seriously ? ! greeks would never destroy cappuccino like that .
they need to take care of simple stuff . restocking shelves , emptying the trash can outside , etc .
worst landscape service in reno , completely unprofessional by over promising and under delivering . i hope you go bankrupt you jerks .
sucks ! always out of ingredients . always gets my order wrong . always a bad experience .
important stop if you're a tourist . if you're in search of great baked goods , not .
raw chicken wings . who ever cooked these had to cut unto them to check their cooking ability . avoid
there was an oversight with our order tonight which delayed the delivery by quite a bit .
i had severe mold illness that dr was not understanding nor able to treat . i found relief with another dr .
terrible and overpriced food . ordered the fish tacos and couldn't get past the first two bites .
terrible quality of workmanship ! should have investigated further . if you want quality , definitely don't go here !
disorganized and unprofessional . overcharged . and violated hippaa . handed me drugs for a different patient ! beware ! avoid at all costs !
don't waste your time . they're allergic to the truth at ira subaru .
they have denied me my free cookie times . three fucking times i didn't get my cookie . jerks .
everytime i asked them to have it lightly tosted , they deliver in over cooked . wish they pay attention to customers
cute clothes but way overpriced ! saw the price tags and for the level of quality not worth it .
came to watch captain america civil war and the speakers sound blown , talk about ear bleeding .
line takes forever seems if only one person is working been in like for way over minutes
wasn't great tasted bland and chewy . not better than grocery sushi and higher priced .
quite the worse sushi i've had next to that junk you get at safeway flavorless . poor service will not be returning
the worst ever dunking experience . terrible care . long waiting time . rude employees
great place for celebrity gawking . saw luke wilson there during acl .
late night drink outside . fair service and poor to horrific wines . good outdoor spot .
a decent place to have a meal during the day probably the best on campus food is offered here .
i'm thinking chuckie cheese quality pizza , but the family deal fed for . service was good , polite staff
good food , decently priced . nice atmosphere although it can be a little loud at times . outdoor seating .
overrated , place too small as well as the food for the price . usually a long wait time .
love this place for what it is , acquaint yourself with the pricing rules attached to maximize fun minimize disappointment . .
over rated . it's okay not that great . there are plenty of good bakeries around north end
i orderd chicken garden salad and gingerale i got burnt chicken and a mountain dew . hmmm . not super great
good thai food . awesome value for money .
i had the jambalaya pasta and it was nothing to rave about . the pizza's might be a better option
it's a mini mart . above average prices in the name of convenience , and this location is super accessible for me !
older small location , lots of patrons rotating in and out . not as quiet as a library is . very helpful librarians .
their hookah is meh , music is average . had to pay dollars for cover . overall not recommended
they had appointments available at short notice and discussed a range of options with me .
vietnamese tacos with good fried ingredients that might be better without the bao , like chipotle bowl style at times
the food came quickly and it was just ok . i got the chicken tika masala and it was lacking flavor .
the food is good , but not amazing . service and atmosphere make it a great date locale , however .
workman like sushi . nothing overly fancy . flavors all familiar . prices in line with quality . an easy walk from harvard square .
cheap and friendly workers . will definitely go back , doesn't hurt it's next to my house as well
bind you're in hillsboro , oregon and you want edible asian lunch . fix nice rice fits that description .
factory style sushi making . everything is square by knife cutting instead of hand molding by sushi ched
great spot of a cocktail on a sunny day .
this
the blaring heavy metal isn't exactly conducive to work !
decent food but not sure it was worth the hour wait . had mozzarella marinara and the fusili , lobster , shrimp .
the food is pretty good , the drinks delicious , but the pretentiousness is phenomenal lol
casual dining with good service . extensive selection of bagels , cream cheeses and extras .
if you like pizza slices , find this place . above average . a bargain with a soda . yum .
very , very , very good beer . i've had most of the menu and it doesn't suck .
nothing too special , just an easy spot in downtown boston . pros location serving size hours cons price crowds
. prices were good and so was the beer . it's definitely worth a visit if you're at lonsdale quay .
went here based on the . stars on yelp . the tacos were average . the restaurant was clean . staff was friendly .
omelet was what you could make at home . the cappuccino i ordered became a latte .
great fries , but they are required by company policy to cook the burgers until they resemble hockey pucks .
i tried the pasta and i think it is similar with other places .
average at best ! i think it's also a little high for breakfast .
was a fan , but this place isn't consistent enough to get beyond stars .
we had cobb salad , wings and reuben . everything was good . service wasn't great but we enjoyed our meal .
great neighborhood pizza place . the take out order is fast , friendly and efficient !
pluses great ambiance . great location . minuses very overpriced . bar is staffed by sour faced hipsters who all look alike .
nobody thought of luggage when they built this bar ! fiery fries were watery weak . the stout was decent though .
it's ok . usually very busy due to the industry in the area . sometimes the waitstaff are unattentive . which is unfortunate .
really slow service . food hmm its food . and im fat .
don't bother . the foods okay . not great . steak is over cooked . go to chipotle . its so much better .
decent chinese takeout . the menu is standard americanized chinese food .
i really like this place and the good . today was no exception . however the service was very sloppy .
another good choice in burnaby for authentic hong kong style wonton soup .
small place , no tables , super pricey , but the person on the cash register she's so nice .
cash only . local yocal s dive bar .
nice atmosphere , choice of drinks , etc . but the background music is way too loud !
shawarma is star . especially the spicy sauce ! unfortunately abdul is a raving anti semite .
it's alright , but a little overpriced for a pizza that is really just average . nothing really stands out .
closed . replaced by don chepe's latin cuisine . which is a good thing because their tacos are better .
exciting menu , mediocre service , no atmosphere
we go here quite often when in town . fried chicken is great .
went here for drinks . had a rum runner . it was awful . had a bad after taste . nice atmosphere .
great customer service . sodas pricey .
the food is great . service great but long time to waiting food half ours . don't come on weekend .
good burrito but disappointingly small . for i expected more than the little pouch i received .
wonderful service staff food had excellent presentation but the flavor mjust doesn't beat sea thai or thailicious
a bit overpriced for what it is . very nice atmosphere , great service but the food was disappointing .
garden rolls delight in rice paper with peanut sauce on the side . oh yes yes yes .
stopped by after yoga ha ! and had their hash over potatoes . huge servings , quick service , interesting staff . solid place .
everything you need to make your pinterest dreams come true .
burgers were decent , just the perfect amount . ambiance was cute . service was good .
good value , but food was average . bakery is great , but overpriced . i will only go about once a tear .
delicious options for pho , bun and rice plate dishes . tumeric noodles or saigon combination plate are delicious .
fondue , hot chocolate and omlette were good . they had really long wait , except for fondue not worth the wait .
food was mediocre , beer selection good , but the highlights are the hotties scantily clad , nice use of plaid .
perfectly ok . not great , not bad . grabbed a couple pies for dinner recently and we enjoyed them . good service .
this location is closed i had to give a rating in order to post my comment .
pending . ok experience . had some regional employee behavior issue being resolved .
average grocery store . basically a local walmart . they have pretty much everything and also a great supply of plants .
pricey and just okay . phil was our water who was outstanding . had the crab cakes and they were hearty .
run of the mill sushi thai place . prices aren't bad and best item is their pad thai .
had some great grilled hot garlic wings ! my friend's order was wrong . she was not too happy with the waitress .
good food but again i'm reminded why we don't eat here often . way too expensive .
the staff were very kind and helpful , but the last two times i came here , the coffee tasted burnt .
we had the bolognese and steak . service was good , but food was just a b .
not bad , just didn't like the fact the sandwhich had more sauce then anything . won't be back .
so so . not impressed . staff is friendly and restaurant is clean . prices are good .
black bean soup would be better if it wasn't so salty and if they added a dollop of sour cream .
great fish and chips all you can eat one month tue wed
it was typical chinese food . we ordered a pu pu platter . service was nice knowledgeable !
not quite as good as pho an sandy , but still a ok
the food is solid . i love the fresh ingredients and the timeliness . good drink selections also .
best froyo in atlanta ! update red mango is in atlanta now . sorry yoforia but red mango is top dog !
the maternity section is sub par . in fact a disgrace , a complete embarrassment . im sorry for the harsh words . lol
a bit pricey but nice portions . the frozen yogurt doesn't taste like frozen yogurt though .
fresh entrees . friendly staff . will go back again at some point . good casual option .
good food . service was ok . understaffed and took mins just to get a menu and drink
their drip coffee is not nice . it tastes too acidic . i hope they change their coffee beans .
nice ambiance , interesting decor . interesting menu , but plated meals fell a bit flat , especially for the price .
cool place to eat and preferred over panera ! love the club panini with chips and a pickle .
the gym is good . great price , but the music is horrible . please update the playlist
nice lunch here . good service and relaxed atmosphere . several vegetarian options .
atmosphere is good , and love that everything is vegan but the chocolate pb cupcake i had wasn't the greatest .
not good not bad , mushrooms seemed to be from a can . be warned they charge you for every topping .
lacking in air conditioning , shower leaked , no channel guide . it's your typical business stay hotel .
great atmosphere , good service , ok food at above average prices . nice wine selection .
good , but not great . the shredded chicken in the arepa ans on the patecone did not have much flavor .
service has improved since my previous review , but it greatly depends on which of the staff is working .
nice guy ! quick check in . slow service few hours for a tire plug . no way . i'm on my lunch hour .
eh . pad thai totally lacking . bland . boring . the service was good , but this is essentially fast food noodles . not impressed .
decent airport , nothing particularly special but no major complaints through my transit here !
onion rings are awesome ! med platter not so good . great friendly service for lunch luba .
i found this just okay . an okay meal . nothing special . didn't carry the canucks game which was on .
okay for a quick bite to eat . very no fuss , no frills location . definitely would recommend sitting outside than inside .
good stuff , but a tourist trap . other options are hair as good if not better in the north end .
good environment ! the pork plate is way too salty for me and my taste buds are pretty heavy !
way too expensive for what they serve but otherwise the atmosphere and service were good .
i've always had a good experience here . well maintained , friendly staff and good coffee . convenient location on piedmont .
bland sanitized shopping center with the only thing good going for it is a couple of good resteraunts
good drinks but the food and service can be a little hit and miss .
food was good , nice atmosphere etc but service was extremely slow . i will try it again though .
the food was good , but udon noodles were a bit overcooked and we were charged an extra for services
better than starbucks . i had a great vanilla late .
trendy little place in downtown atlanta with good pasta and incredible wine selection . props for their ambiance . perfect for a date .
this place is crazy because there's a thai menu and a . chinese menu ? what kind of people are you
tried their ramen . it was okay but doesn't taste like what we have experienced in authentic ramen house .
i'm a big fan of primark and it's prices , however the staff are very unfriendly and unprofessional .
the wings are good but very small in size . the flavor and crispness was on point though .
the staff was quite helpful and your cannot beat the location but the walls are extremely thin .
used to be my favorite bar on th street in austin ! now it's very hit or miss .
plenty to do loads of shops
neither one of us were in love with this place . the food was okay .
food is very good , moderately priced , one problem is gyro meat is not beef , has bacon in it .
they consistently serve good quality food here . they are the 'go to' place in the area for chinese food .
great ambiance , friendly staff and good food . we ate outside and thoroughly enjoyed our visit .
all around staple for breakfast . no complaints at all . what can i say . it's the waffle house .
slow valet , super expensive drinks , but good seats even on upper level . pretty standard theater
bagels are surprisingly good . coffee is bad .
establishment seems very slow . outdoor seating for a few . it's been difficult for this establishment during these times .
just ok because the brisket was too dry for my taste .
had a chicken burrito . not bad , not great . kinda had an oily taste to it for some reason .
my expectations were not met . its not bad but its not as great as it thinks it is . also , overpriced
generally meh . meat over seasoned . salad area was nice but lacking anything that stood out .
chain . lots of games to play , late night food menu of mostly burgers , fries , wings , and wraps .
newly remodeled , good coffee , superb location , if the price is right stay here !
just in the bar for drinks . no problems but pretty expensive . paying for the name .
pricey , downtown , cute waiter , white table cloths , delish cold bean soup . bar is social with southern appeal .
this airport sprawls . be prepared to walk . was pleased that our bags were delivered to the carrier quickly .
pizza is decent , subs good . tino makes the dough every morning , they are not frozen .
had a good hot chocolate , but the chicken taco was gross . tasted slightly off and later my stomach was off .
just ok . may give it another try but seemed bland , overrated on first attempt . got an eastern based dish .
very crowded always a line . food is good though !
love the bagel and the price . but the hours of the place is terrible ! close way to early .
don't go unless you can wait . smells and looks great but . hrs for and still waiting .
flew jetblue this time it was ok . nothing great . personally i like virgin america better over jetblue
food was great , but ridiculously overpriced . how dare they charge so much for so little . never again .
everything here was good . perfectly pleasant people with an incomplete selection of fall vegetable starts .
prepare to wait in line if you plan to come here for dinner . soup is great and creamy .
great service , fresh seafood and perfect for any occassion .
ok place for lunch . very quite . pretty good size of serving . ask for the sauces yummy .
thank you for promptly following up on this and making it right . i appreciate the quick response .
minimalist menu . didnt knock my socks off . but tasty and a fun location . staff are very friendly ! would come back .
they give our lot of food . it's a bit on the expensive side . and the taste is just okay
very very slow , it couldn't be slower . always long lines , and no wifi .
ok , they have all the basics . the coffee had a faint bacon flavor , which was odd .
good crab rangoon and shrimp lo mein . lady took my order , wasn't very welcoming
pumpkin rating pie creamy . cheesecake cheesy . crust too sweet . petit slices , bit pricey .
cool variety of doughnuts , but i've had tastier .
went for dinner with family customer service was bad , food was ok , very very noisy atmosphere ! may go back .
average food . good service . expensive for middle eastern .
dirty , but it got me from austin to san antonio in . hours for !
good good . good service . good price . not exceptional in any particular way . but pretty darn good .
my receipt says goianao bakery . i came in at for a bite of turkey sandwich , which was good .
not spectacular chinese food , but reasonably priced , consistent , and quick delivery .
good food , but overpriced . i got a kafta kebob , rice , and beer , and it set me back .
great food , dive restaurant ! reasonably priced . hard to find parking during lunch hour . across steeet from smittys vending .
healthy food . liked the bollywood bowl and the option to subsitude tempeh
nice sandwiches , good coffee drinks . the baked goods are plentiful and looked amazing , but i didn't have any .
great location and great theatre , too bad the service and food don't match .
the cupcakes were decent . not amazing , but tasty .
not bad , even offers seattle's best coffee . good size parking lot . it is safe here after all .
okay , i had to come back to change my review to stars because this cake is bomb . com !
outback has diminished over the past few years . portions are smaller than they were and rarely is everything accurate
margaritas were great . service was excellent . ambiance was wonderful . food was marginal .
awesome airport but doesn't serve alcohol until on sundays ! how ridiculous , cant even get my morning airport beer !
food is really great but be prepared to wait minutes in the blazing hot sun for it !
quality of instruction seems to be going down . management can do better .
huge portions and pancakes twice the size of your face . open super late too . good food and good staff .
wayyyyyyy too expensive for the small portions . not much to choose from beer wise . only go for happy hour .
fun atmosphere , sunny and clean . good pizza and lots vodka . truffle fries yummy too .
absolutely love their drinks and food but the prices are exorbitantly high . a small smoothie for ? don't think so .
now accepts visa and mastercard . other than that , nothing to see here , people . keep on movin' on !
beer selection was great different to choose from but food and service was ok they can definitely improve that
dive bar ! cheap beer , skanky furniture , pool table , sports and old men giving you weird looks .
prices are okay , fries tasted better than the wings . make sure to order garlic parmesan fries .
this review just on their retail side . love it , lots to do and look . clothes , beer of course . souvenirs galore .
okay food , okay service , pizza was burnt but pretty tasty , though was small for the price .
disappointed in the roast beef after seeing such high reviews i guess i expected better quality and flavor
decent food with typical beer and pub fair . seems like it attracts a sizable group of regulars . really good burgers .
a fan of their burger with english muffins . never been big on their desserts though .
just ok vietnamese bowl , meh green smoothie , meh price is way up there not a fan
would've enjoyed it if the bacon egg sandwiches were grilled instead of microwaved . i could've done that at home
located in the orlando airport terminal , and about what you would expect from macaroni grill .
not as bad as expected bucks for a er of miller lite not bad for atl
ordered delivery via grub hub so unsure about the atmosphere and service . food was so so , hit or miss .
good professional dental staff . doctors are helpful . the office is kid friendly . easily accessible from public transportation .
bang for your buck quality . service . ambiance location overall .
very disappointed to find on my most recent trip here that they no longer have soft serve ice cream
not bad prices . pizza crust dough could be thicker . waited mins for vegan ice cream .
pretty good . burger was a little soggy . get the lobster bisque . omelets and breakfast sandwich also good . great atmosphere .
food was good . fresh and tasty and plentifull . wait was long much longer than i expected .
a haiku review of shanghai tunnel good little dive bar . i should come here more often . stiff drinks aplenty .
the food was good and reasonably priced , but beware of the drink prices . for and apple martini !
update they called me back today and sounded super nice . hope the treatments are as good .
very nice hotel . clean modern rooms . friendly staff . no complaints .
nice cozy environment . the grilled cheese was really good . i thought the food selection was a little limited though .
not bad , really is a very nice upscale to the sadly dilapidated downtown oregon city .
was disapoointed . most choices sokd out by the time i got there . guess thats a good problem to have ?
just stopped in for treats . get the sweet potato blondie . yum !
it's fine . way better than home slice imo . but still think eastside pies is much better .
the bbq plates weren't anything amazing but the microbrew was top notch . solid .
ok , but not as good as the place next door and the service was kind of rude .
if you have minutes to spare waiting in the drive thru line then this is the starbucks for you !
nice outdoor seating , great deals , and kind staff , but mediocre food . i suggest going for margarita mondays !
the service was fast , waiter and staff were nice . i feel the pasta was over priced . the flavor was good .
only went for the kiwi sour . got it in a flight . liked them all , but nothing outstanding .
not my fave cvs kind of small and cramped not a huge selection .
no option to order soda's or anything to drink used grubhub . com food is good .
expensive . great location . nice bed linens . no coffee maker in room ! ? very nice shower . furnishing seem a bit cheap .
i like the pizzas and wings , i just wish they delivered beer like in sacramento
wrong carpet cleaner . i am in illinois . don't know how to remove review .
it's red lantern in seaport . you see one . blah blah blah .
good food , efficient service , overall very pleased with the value . i now have another place to alternate for dining out .
good not great pizza that is close to home . full bar and bacardi drink specials
nice atmosphere , great homemade sweet potato chips , nice quiche options . sometimes the service is slow and the prices aren't cheap .
good bbq ! worth standing in line ? maybe . it was fun though
this place is alright , nothing special but worth a shot if you need some fair sushi .
late lunch with hubby . love the octopus appetizer but the ramen soap was a bit too salty .
the green chili fried chicken packs a lot of flavor . was disappointed to see they don't offer draft beers .
great green tea smoothies . food is not bad pretty standard . get the lunch special great prices for the area .
overhyped . good donuts but too trying too hard with toppings . sometimes simpler is better .
great tuna sandwich with cheese . diner type decor . great spot for lunch if you just want good simple lunch .
pretty standard breakfast food i ordered an omelette and it was exactly as i expected . i appreciate that it's open hours .
selection is awesome might want to decrease quantity and increase quality quality is average staff are nice
love their authentic food and groceries and fresh bread and pastries . we are regular customer .
adding another star , because the new owner did apologize and offered a gift certificate .
a regularly good product is better than a stellar but inconsistent product .
one of the better franchise restaurants , good appetizers big portions . great bar staff and waitress staff too .
a little crowded and lots of kids but the pizza is pretty good and cheap so i'm not complaining .
food was salty . service was slow . they seemed understaffed this evening so i'm giving them star vs .
i just want to add this au bon pain is open late night . as in , 'til am . who knew ? !
ok falafel and baba ghanoush . nuff sed .
nice place and fun environment but draft beer on tap is flat . they are good if you have a birthday .
misleading delivery time , took longer than initially stated . pizza arrived barely warm .
a haiku review of pints wanted to like it . but the tap list was too small . great bartender though .
room is nice and clean . one thing is arcade is hell of expensive . overall is ok for some getaway weekend .
nd try months later . star for their watermelon smoothie . lol
they are expensive but they have reallllllly goooooood fooooood !
food is usually good until they forget something . anyways , customer service at the drive thru is shit .
great caffe' macchiato presented in a small paper cup .
amusing at the deli counter . all associates talking on cellphones and waiting on customers today just before noon .
the sophie burger was good . the garlic parm fries were okay .
the food at fox brothers was ok . it could use a bit more seasoning . bland
tiny . great for an impromptu picnic , horrid for actually fulfilling grocery needs .
pad thai was pretty good .
the cookies cream legitimately tastes like salted butter , with a chocolate aftertaste . ?
love the food but the most uncomfortable chairs to sit in .
fun place to look at but very expensive . beware , their chocolates are super rich but good !
bigger plates than richmond store , doesn't fall out that much
okay bakery . tried a lot of baked goods . nothing stood out . the milkshake was pretty good though . will not return .
broad menu with breakfast and lunch options . food was a little bland but good . friendly service and environment
the staff was great , but the food was sub par . not authentic at all , and just lacking in flavor .
fast service amazing ice cream ! stars due to no brownies or hot fudge in a brownie sunday .
good portions . good food . older crowd and good service . it's definitely a good place , worth a try
decent venue , like the gothic touches , but young and lacking much sophistication . more like a lancelot themed frat party .
decent food and good drinks , but atitudes from waiters or just nasty .
was here solely for a cocktail joining a group , and it was your standard hotel bar , with inattentive service .
this place has a great vibe good food but their smoothies are not worth it . be forewarned
not bad . applewood bacon but very tough . the truffle sauce was not that good either .
way to dark and need more happy hour food choices . drinks were good but just to dark
earlier one star review was mistakenly posted here . it was was meant for another place . should be higher .
pretty good sushi in a pleasant environment .
super busy on game days , but servers do a nice job of looking after you . wings are pretty good .
i ate here today . the food was satisfying for a quick lunch . the palace was clean , always a plus !
tried a mexican hot chocolate on a cold snowy night , it was an excellent end to a delicious dinner .
do not buy the asian foodat the deli ! it's disgusting ! the rest of the store is all good .
lacking flavor in my opinion willow chicken pie are more tasty
good food . a mix of mexican and american . the grilled steak fajitas are awesome ! unique atmosphere . a bit loud though .
disappointed st seating capacity on . . . was expecting better protocols to be in place .
the food is suprisingly good in this traditional late night bar . plus you can get cocktails in pint glasses !
smells like wet dog in here despite the fact that it wasn't raining nor were there any dogs present .
overpriced if you ask me . taste was good , but i've had better for cheaper .
fries were great but the burger wasn't anything to write home about . the gf bun fell apart . won't be back .
gorgeous inside i just wish it wasn't so overpriced for mexican . great beers on tap
overpriced for mediocre food . the grocery side seemed great but the made to order food was well below my expectations .
food is ok . service is slow . poorly organized .
okay , hotel inside disney world . nothing special and nothing wrong with it .
unassuming front traditional pressed saba without shoes in booths
i guess i'm spoiled by boiling crabs in ca . this place was decent and to many choices in portland . ,
excellent selection of baked goods by a local baker in austin , but the counter service was slow .
the food is good , the service excellent and the place is cute .
great southern food . have the fried chicken . awesome green beans . .
extremely busy , service was decent , chicken is super moist . definitely worth a second try .
would not recommend if looking for deep babe pool . but tecate is so worth it i guess !
pretty decent grilled steak sandwich right before seeing a show at the roseland .
good italian food and service . deserts were pretty yummy . i like the outdoor seating option as well .
so after i posted this i got a call back from pete's apologizing and giving off my next order .
pretty little place food tasted average but the waiter was super nice .
please update your hours ! second time expecting you to be open and you're closed . your google info is wrong !
this place was really good . i've heard rumors that they are the brother's of anna taquiera .
i expected a better oz center cut steak , it was very salty . however my gf's taragon chicken was delicious !
neat little bar that gets some interesting traffic . pack your skinny jeans . a staple of the cabbagetown nightlife .
so definitely order delivery from this place . long lines , tons of people , manager yelling at staff . stay home !
very good breakfast place . ordered pancakes which were huge and choice of maple or marionberry syrup .
it's a big walmart . too bad it doesn't have woodforest national bank inside .
not a big fan of mickey d's , but works when i'm in a hurry and need something quick .
good burritos and tacos . quick and relatively inexpensive .
food is mediocre , overall . but what do you expect ? it's a friendly's ! grab a shake and be on your way .
yawn ! just like any other mcdonalds . the only plus on this location is the huge playground .
not bad , but not good as well . creative concepts but missed executions .
pretty good restaurant . nothing stands out . i find it odd that i see kids working there sometimes .
their view gets stars . food and service . neutral . nothing crazy . i wish they had a better menu .
located in cumberland mall , this food was good . meats sides cost under dollars . will definitely go again
stopped in for lunch with the kids . no kids menu . good burgers though and staff were really great .
calamari ok . nachos good . bbq sliders gross . most food average .
i have had some pretty great meals from here but the customer service is a hit or miss .
wifi was off and on constantly . noisy housekeepers in the early morning . air conditioner in my room was broken .
fair , too snooty for my standards . grandparents like it but even they have said it has gone downhill .
good starbucks , not the best coffee but convienent .
good service and friendly people . the food was good also , except for the fact that they use too much tahini .
the food doesn't taste like thai food to me . however , the quality of food is high and nice customer service .
nice atmosphere , friendly staff . nice relaxing night out . salmon burger was pretty good , nothing special but average .
the place is it very fancy and the service is not the best but the food is really good
sandwiches are ok . delivery is fast . ice cream is sometimes inedible and freezer burnt .
love the display and got our crib and baby necessities there and enjoyed the mamaroo in first months .
acceptable take out naked wings and chicken tacos . consistently takes longer than quoted .
really enjoyed everything here . both sandwiches and soups satisfied the various tastes of parents and kid
only stopped in here for a minute . had a nice margarita and the slice of cake was good too
the service was excellent but the food was pretty basic definitely not worth the minute wait imho
average food and a nice atmosphere that is directly proportional to the menu prices .
would be great if they stocked at least one gluten free cupcake here . no gf options .
nice ambiance . food is standard quality . staff is nice overall . the patio looking facing water front is heated
good hotel right in the heart of portland . surounded by shopping , and food .
cheap , good food . portions could be better , but for the price it can't be beat !
good local business friendly staff ok food outdoor seating service is a little slow relaxing atmosphere
meh . service is meh food is meh . pickerington location is a no no , take out is horrible .
pleasant atmosphere . decent but not inspired food . friendly , attentive staff . the seafood gumbo was bland . the calamari was better .
i went there yesterday and they were pretty friendly and approachable . they prices have gone up but still affordable .
good assortment of homemade sausage and german deli treats . a bit pricey
expensive . not an easy set up or process . food is decent . need to pay extra for chips
take out order takes forever ! jack daniels burger is the only thing that's good there .
decent coffee just way overpriced lattes and hot chocolates ? not worth it imo
meh . adequate , but uninspired . i will not be writing home about it , but neither was i traumatized . death by boredom .
a decent starbucks to hang out at if in the area . not the biggest or roomiest though .
really a fun place . if you love cheese and chocolate very much , you gonna come and taste it !
not as good as pinkberry , but it was decent .
it's okay . got a breakfast burger which was tasty but the service wasn't good .
convenient to where i stay when i'm down in central florida . typical burger king . nothing special . convenient . cheap .
hosts were great , waitresses were horrible . burger had good flavor but bun got very soggy . loved the sweet potato tots !
atmosphere is great , food was sub par . haven't gone back .
kind of scrotty pertaining to scrotum sack , and way overpriced cocktails , but the view is priceless .
good store but this week the shelves were pretty empty this week . usually there is never a problem .
good tasting sandwiches made with fresh ingredients . decent tasting bottomless coffee also . friendly staff with soft easy comfortable interment .
standard fare , greasy greek style pizza . friendly service , but the za is nothing to write home about .
ok tasting food made in a reasonable amount of time . conveniently located in midtown .
mediocre expensive food . mediocre service . and what's the big deal about chicken and waffles ? !
happy hour at its finest .
food takes forever to make and the portions are not too great . if you're really hungry , avoid this place .
simple as can be , yet super satisfying . extra props for the doggie menu . oi !
service department not great . called several times and requested a call back , which never came .
not the best pizza i've ever had but at am after a friday night of dancing it was pretty amazing !
a little slow on the service but the food was pretty good for a midnight snack .
i went on a friday , the food was just ok . paella was pretty good . everything else was just so so .
its open hours a day . it's mcdonalds . what do you expect ? delivery truck blocks the drive thru , so check carefully
new owners are working on getting the og hot sauce recipe . just fyi . still good though
friendly and quick . singapore mei fun and wonton were kind of bland . definitely fresh but average .
good service . food was ok , but washrooms hadn't been serviced . no toilet paper . inexcusable .
these guys have ok coffee and wireless . what i truly recommend is their hot chocolate . it's like liquid godiva !
generic adidas gear . you won't find anything exclusive here . the prices are ok for students on a budget .
we have had layovers at this airport a few times over the years . we usually have a smooth layover .
food was ok very very pricey female at the register today , not friendly probably won't go back
cute concept , big outdoor space with lots of levels drinks are standard plastic cups ikea furniture .
i didn't like it so much . i was expecting more . few clothes for small people , terrible shoes .
looks great from the outside . can't really review the food because it's closed today . today is memorial day , .
i don't understand the big hype . food is okay but expensive for the portion size . you're paying for the view .
standard good ice cream , definitely above corporate chain store ice cream , but not up to par with salt straw .
fun place to go but high priced . we went around the whole place quickly because we were all adults .
best doctor ever that i couldn't call because the phone number is no longer in service .
my technician was nice but i've received better pedicures in other places . a little expensive for the manicure i received .
expensive shops . just a tip , don't go near the bathrooms during the pride march .
a little over priced for my taste but they do have most of the indie movies that other theaters dont .
my car is in good shape and they did a quality job .
very delicious food . and very friendly service . absolutely loved the dan dan noodles and the rainbow sushi roll !
a restaurant who's anti dog policy seems as out of place in austin as its contrived menu offerings .
this was an extra cost so we didn't purchase a ticket . the decor was festive and fun .
good happy hour , service staff , bartender and host were star friendly . would definitely be back for happy hour !
small portion for the cost and presentation can be better . but good place to try out for japanese don .
good food , friendly satff , nice place
basically pizza hut , if pizza hut drowned everything in garlic . food was still good though .
not as healthy as advertised . burgers and fries are high calorie .
great sandwhiches ! gotta love the free ice cream
nice stuff . unfriendly staff . they need to put music on , was eerily quiet in there .
the spring was beautiful . it was a refreshing swimming experience . the park was very clean . nice trails .
great place to go and have a relaxing meal and not feel rushed . food is always good .
the premium burgers are way better than the cheap ones . the burger actually tasted okay . a little dry though .
ok spot for a work day lunch . not super authentic , but more like quick bite tex mex
nice bar . clean . good food . good service . i loved the bar pizza . jukebox here as well . i am a fan
it's a great place for meat lovers ! the ambience is cozy . their interior is very small . service was great !
delicious pizzas and a variety of options . less stars for the customer service .
music was too loud this morning . coffee was good . staff is nice .
very pretty but lots of bugs and also teenagers may sneak in to smoke clove cigarettes so be wary .
it's not horrible , is a small confined space with loud speakers but not unbearable everyone seems to genuinely having fun
great buffet place . good for vegetarians . decent spice levels . coffee is excellent
update i ordered two new milkshake flavors , this time oreo and red velvet . they sent strawberry again .
great spot to hang out with decent bar food and really good drinks but they are under staffed .
this is just okay . most often filled with college kids .
salmon sandwich was dry . service was mediocre . the live music was nice but nothing extraordinary .
when walking into new seasons , i feel like it's the uglier , lesser known , low rent sister of whole foods , yes ?
with regard to the health inspection thread , in the last health department inspection , kappaya rated a excellent a rating .
looked great for the first few days , now they are lifting and the gel is chipping already ! don't recommend
bawarchi mango lassi and samosas with spicy sauce cheap sunny day snack
dinner is way over priced ! sushi isn't all that great ! makoto buffet is way cheaper and has better sushi !
average heb , but quick pharmacy compared to the others . perhaps they are not as busy . also , the sushi was great .
stay away from the ice cream sandwiches at amy's . a real let down .
nice place to hang out . it's not just for leather guys . nice crowd and the drinks are decent .
service was good but on a whole the experience was stiff . food was good but nothing extraordinary
closed on tuesdays ? no mention of this on website . only a sign in window . just letting folks know !
it's okay , not the best wfm . the meat has been one day from rancid on multiple occasions .
too busy . there are simply too many people for them to be able to focus on getting the orders right .
got the combo it was good . they could work on getting the orders done a little faster .
food was good ! good service , will have to eat couple of times more to give any specific feedback .
cold beer at happy hour , friendly service ! i will return to try the gyros .
good food and cheap . could up the spice level quite a bit though
do not appreciate all of the marketing on the community path .
meh . just ok , not impressed . limited selection of burgers and they were rather plain as well . doubt i'll go back
and a half stars . good burgers and great service . definitely above average for airport restaurants
great creative doughnuts ! however , their brownie and cupcake were dry and lacking in flavor . your best friend , south end squiggles
fairly good coffee . very good coconut mocha . tippy tables . a little too hot . friendly service .
place is decent with decent food . good service . great family restaurant for quick bite to eat .
tasty and friendly service with all the vietnamese basics . enjoyed my vermicelli and xi mui salty plum soda .
i enjoyed the chicken fried avocado plate . wasn't impressed with much else . shiner on draft which is a plus .
good choice of beers . but veggie options are so so . love the beer bread though !
some em ployees are rude at the register ,
moderate prices . great outdoors seating and atmosphere for a nice chilled date . the gyro is just fantastic .
yummy and healthy egg white omelet , vegie sausage plus a fruit cup .
decent pizza , fast delivery . my complaint is their use of just tomato paste for their sides of marinara . cmon !
food was okay . service was fine . very cramped tables , felt on top of others . probably won't return .
love the food and friendly service but entrance is musty mildewy and air circulation is poor throughout
salmon was good , and not cheap , but not outrageous . typical chain . side of salad was good .
good , neighborhood y service and atmosphere with standard mcmenamin's brews and food .
great food . classless management . try the capital grille instead .
the german was great . service on the other hand not so much . would recommend the food and beer though .
good place to meet people . bartenders and bouncers aren't nice . good dj
service slow friendly . fish chips about a blue cheese burger was not a highlight film . hmmm
meh . the philly i had tasted salty and bland . id rather go to jersey mikes or blimples
definitely your average joes , nothing out of the ordinary . the local beers on tap were the best part .
food was great , no doubt fresh and yummy ! service on the other hand will keep me from returning star
food was better than east point location , service was great as well , order pork chops they were good
big store , helpful staff , no complaints here !
in short pretty decent cappuccino , not so friendly service and pricey , it's tips for a oz cappuccino .
next time i went back i didn't like the grumpy guy at the entrance .
returned for another try . bbq has gotten much better ! sides need a little work . will be back .
not a bad spot , cheap beer , dickhead bartender .
good food at a good price . not crazy bout the pizza but the calzones are most delicious .
the service was excellent but the miso ramen too hard , hamachi kama grilled a little to long
not bad
mediocre food , given the exuberant prices , easily averaging per head . service is good and ambiance is decent .
cafe was clean and had a great atmosphere . the food crepes for us was delish ! service was slow !
tried tomato soap and ham cheddar panini , the soap was good but the panini was below the avg
very dirty bathroom . unfriendly counter help . no co so no drinks except tea . won't be back . food ok .
nice atmosphere but mediocre food . asked for a medium burger and it arrived well done .
hey yeahuuuk cyanogen was get ii uumuuuuuuiukiliilkijkkkuuhkuyuyuhyyhuuyuyyuyyukjkykkukyymmuuuyuuii
i had a good visit and we developed a plan for the health of my teeth and gums .
came here for some beers post sam adams tour . place was chill and we enjoyed our time !
dinner here on february . a great server and some pretty good food . nice price point .
great selection of asian beer mixed with local brews . not a great selection of mainland china products .
and still french fry champ . the burger taste not sop much . but this location fast and friendly .
not bad for orlando . i have not found any good pizza in the area so flipperz is about it .
great pastries and chocolate . but why does the service have to be soooo slow and disorganized ? sigh .
a convenient , inexpensive pizza beer appetizer place right outside of georgia tech . added bonus they have pinball !
tasty ! friendly service ! good food ! delicious , healthy poke bowl . glad they are in the hood ! i will be back !
this was the most average dining experience of my life . my true rating is . but i rounded up .
yummy pancakes ! and the service is great . i definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting to enjoy a great meal
decent burgers but nothing all that special . decent beer selection . not bad for an airport bar and grill , i guess
the service is excellent , the environment is excellent , the food just fine
good indian food , not the best . atmosphere is nice . worth it when you want indian food in the area .
need improvements on customer service . no complaints on install
convenient neighbor hood gas station
typical , run of the mill bar . good people , good bartender , great drinks . you can't go wrong with there selection of whiskey .
was hoping for authentic yummy chinese food . sesame chicken is decent . don't recommend the mongolian beef . mediocre experience overall .
slow service . small portion . tasted a little too much plain . i loved the atmosphere though .
i think turfman did a wonderful job on my lawn . they were reliable and the price was just right .
okay food , bad service . server got me the check mns into lunch and kept asking if i was done .
the service was fast . cashier was polite . received food in a timely manner .
solid fast food burger spot when compared to other local spots . great for take out or a sit down lunch .
pretty decent food . good service and isn't super packed . front of the restaurant opens up when the weather is nice .
overpriced , the food quality is fine . the girl attendant is very rude . she never smile or have a welcoming aptitude .
in a mall , good garlic parmesan boneless wings . buffalo chips with cheese meh .
the margaritas here are excellent ! the food is good for the price , but the service is horrible .
all the essential shops and restaurants but i just dont like the layout and parking .
if faced with the option of brighams or frendly's when i have my nieces , i'll pick brighams every time .
look out for advertised opening time . otherwise , cool store .
service was quick . however the pedicure left my foot peeling . thought pedis would get rid of all did skin
seems like it would be great to go if i lived here . cheap and great drinks . can't beat that !
the stuff here is pricy . however the place is quite clean and tidy . people here are quite friendly and polite .
nice place but expect them to ask you for cash for transactiond below usd . i mean why
decent broth . meat to noodle ratio is to heavy noodle and too light meat . at least for the cost .
yummy food . ordered piece pot sticker but only got . little disappointing but no big deal
great hideaway spot for family fun . they offer birthday party packages and also dance party bowling . great value .
good food very tasty but portions are small and do not match the price of what i paid for .
the food is great , but the service is horrible . if you're not a regular , good luck with the service .
the dessert was good , but the dragon ball was just so so and the elder waitress was not polite enough .
pretty good quality food and great prices . the service is always outstanding too .
great atmosphere and deco . great service . the food is average for a plate of egusi soup .
the atmosphere is nice but the food tastes like fast food italian , not made in house .
fries good fish sandwich could have come with tartar sause , but didn't messiest fish sandwich ever not ok
i got the gluten free chicken which was delicious , everything else was crap . the sides is an after thought .
very expensive . bought a meditation bench here but the weird culty new age vibe is a turn off .
nice space . food fine . service fine . all alcohol measured in jigger . don't need to return .
the pies were smaller then i thought . but really good . a little pricey . but a satisfying snack .
it was okay , . for the prices expected a better taste good selections but need some flavor
expensive and mediocre pizza . i tried different pizzas , and none were particularly memorable .
good sandwich but unfriendly service borderline rude ! definitely won't come back to this location .
if you plan on a coffee before am , plan on a minute wait . i've never seen it shorter .
great for a quick dim sum . services are much better than most chinese restaurants .
the lady named 'ann' is a little pushy . she is always trying to upsell .
sunday brunch food was okay , nothing to write home about . space is beautiful tho .
nice place for a quick bite , clean , cheap and good service
often really busy , and the haircuts range from spot on to kinda rushed , but the vibe is really solid .
good taco salad . def . would go here again when i'm at granville .
place is very hot with cool weather outside . my bagel could use another piece of lox . potato salad was so so .
seems like they've changed their doughnut recipes or something because now they're just not as tasty . i'm disappointed .
quite a few beer selections . decent appetizer . entree is good , average american food .
big bright commercial looking space with good basic mongolian style cooking
decent beers . not a huge selection . pretzel appy seemed to have flavours of fennel which not everyone may like !
ordered spaghetti bolognse the bolognse seemed to have cream in rather than being a full tomato based sauce
struggled to like this place and certainly don't get the hype . worth a try but not a repeat .
the food is good here but is overpriced by a couple dollars per item for a quincy pub .
maybe i'm not a huge malaysian fan like my little sis , but she loves this place ! no comment
great prices on the beer and fantastic blts .
love the out door seating . the food was good , but considering the prices . we expected more .
good service . not great ! dude ripped me off by loonies ! the hate is real for yankees .
their food is really good but every time i go , the people are super rude . it's also kind of expensive .
cheery atmosphere can be a bit noisy at lunchtime . ok experience
the beer and cocktails were good but food was just okay . the service was very slow as well .
cash bar only . nothing special about this dive bar . guiness wasn't the best . bit watery . okish selection of spirits .
breakfast spot . exactly what you would expect from the outside . value price . excellent service . good menu options .
it's a taco bell . wow . amazing .
nice atmosphere . i'll go back with friends for a different experience . no highchairs .
menh . we didn't eat , beer wine was fine . ambiance was fine but not particularly interesting . just bland , try again .
better than taco bell . tacos are cheap and above average . portions are small .
the owner got involved and made efforts to make things right and assured the job was completed .
crispy clean premise . a good places to hang out and take a rest , the stores are average .
first time visit . just tried a ground beef taco . it's was alright . that was all . lol
super convenient for people at this end of jp . great for getting small grocery items but very pricey !
disappointed that they didn't prepare my hamburger well done as i requested . gorgonzola fries are to die for .
smaller menu , but everything on it is excellent . my favorite is cajun salmon . good jazz in the evening .
decent food and service . great booth and comfortable place for a chat .
staff seemed to not really know which accessories were compatible for devices . service was robotic .
excellent burger , garlic fries . wait staff did not know how to open a corked bottle of wine .
happy hour oysters not fresh . steamed clams little too salty . mediocre service from the bar .
pricey for the quality of food and service . the servers are eager to turn a table . atmosphere is nice .
great spot for lunch . tasty blue cheese burger with nice side salad .
great prices but there really isn't any selection . too small
very small lebanese restaurant only a few tables . the food tastes good , except the portions are rather small .
average banh mi . staff are rude though especially the lady at the cashier . i've had better banh mi in town .
average yogurt , average toppings , and average price . so , just average in general . interior is nice and clean though .
the shrimp and crab nachos were a good appetizer to go w the beer we were drinking before a concert .
waitress was slow burger well done chicken wings was day the the coke tastes like water
good mexican food , large servings , and an extensive menu . staff is really friendly too .
good timely service and decent prices . however they kept my wood suit hangers and returned the suits with wire hangers .
big troubles with the ac upstairs in the food court , pushing plus
taco mac lindbergh haiku review billions of beers and beaucoup tvs loudly cheer while buffaloes fly .
pretty good brunch . nothing to rave about ! cute spot , good service . decent food ! ordered the french toast . i've had better !
great food great price . good people .
the food was good but make sure your check book can support the visit .
i generally get good service . good food . a little high priced but it's lenox . had to figure that .
predictably mediocre . . large choice buffet with good salad bar and lots of meat ! you can't leave hungry !
food was decent , service was ok . ill prob pop back in here if next time im in the area .
the drinks are pretty good . just pretty expensive for a small cup . i wish they had larger sizes
i love this place . pizza is always fresh , slices are huge , and service is quick and friendly . a campus tradition !
quite good . different than your average mexican . more of a southwest spin to food . will be back .
it's good and cute place , novelty . my year old always gets cupcakes from there for her friends birthdays .
love to overcrowd . credit card machines down . food late , recommend trying on a non weekend night . moving on .
decent pizza but not even close to its far better neighbor , presto .
good dinner . not very busy . carlos our waiter was very attentive and personable , great job to him !
food was ok . the bar was packed up tight with parents and lot's of kids . very noisy !
good pepperoni special and the calezone is tasty . their combo with everything is also very good .
pizza had improved quite a bit . still not top of the town but worthy of your commerce
ok , the waiter was more interested in flirting with the waitress than serving .
purchased a groupon voucher for this . if it was full price i would probably not have considered this place .
pretty good but i'd hate to think that i could make this myself with kfc gravy , mcdonald's fries curds .
five star food . zero stars for the filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy , filthy bathrooms . i guess that means about a three star average ?
beef fajitas are the best and tell your waiter you've never been there and they should bring you fajita samples .
a cozy little local place . it was friday , and they had a wing special . staff were friendly .
i can't speak on the food but the club upstairs was pretty good . great atmosphere and good music selection .
i had some type of delicious and exotic caffeinated beverage on one chilly morning . yum .
pro authentic , non shredded meat was good con shredded meat was just a pile of meat with some flavoring , prices high
food was decent , beer excellent , awesome whiskey selection .
go for the chicken , stay for the spanish coffee . it will get you high off your rocker !
i had a shake with original yogurt , strawberries , blueberries , and pineapple . it was de lish .
ok plus . salads are a buy . sausage tortellini was good . all ok . good or families . good service . solid tourist family dinner
great food and service but expensive . hard to justify the price .
disappointed if you visited asian supermarket in la . appliance is out of date and food category is limited .
nice and tasty orange chicken , place is nice for dinner and drinks next time we stay longer
valet trash is now here and it is very professionally done . i just wish the communication had been better .
good service good alcohol lovely ambiance but food just wasn't very good . really disappointed
best chinese delivery in college park .
this doubletree doesn't look like a regular hilton property . but the room is decent and has a nice shower .
chhh vhjj cj
food is good but went through the drive yesterday and literally waited minutes for our food .
friendly service but not the tastiest knishes . not at all happy with the potato salad either . kinda blah . sorry !
inefficient service . many waiting with tables open . hire more staff or get your act together .
the pie was good . they don't have any high chairs , which i found annoying .
good donuts . not worth the wait in line though . not sure what all the hype is about . worth trying once .
ok place , better beer selection would've been nice . food that was being cooked smelled like vomit . go to bink's instead !
be ready to wait in a long line and hour for a crepe on a pretty weekend afternoon .
good food and good service for lunch . it wasn't oh my god outstanding but we would happily go back .
order at the counter and seat yourself . diner atmosphere , food was authentic and tasty . the garbage burrito was amazing !
i like to eat here when i am shopping and don't want to eat at the food court .
i've never eaten here so why are they asking me to review it . is it even open for business anymore ?
bang for your buck quality service ambiance location overall .
menu is hard to understand . the food was decent . yum yum sauce was pretty much like chick fil a sauce .
good thai fried rice , but nothing too special . better than any fast food .
tooo expensive and they have a strict policy for receipt . i am going to stick with michaels !
good place to hangout with friends . if you're on a tight budget , the starving student special is a good deal .
it was okay , but i probably wouldn't go again . standard mexican food . and free chips and salsa !
friendly waite staff and accommodating to service dogs . the menu however is very limited . the drinks are plentiful though
went there for lunch , food was average , i had based on the reviews higher expectation
just ok barbecue in our opinion . we think the competition in downtown winter garden has better barbecue and sides .
good location . coffee was fine . they have water available too . and bathrooms . obviously , it's biker friendly !
excellent food great service but the drinks lesv a lot to be desired . if you want a margerita go elsewhere .
salad is great . but sauces ranch or honey mustard spicy . music a bit loud . clean and friendly .
mediocrity abounds ! bland , cold'ish food but the salsa verde the salsa molcajete are pretty good . we won't come back .
nice patio downtown food is good for bar food good mexican martinis our waitress was great !
appetizers were great but of entrees mediocre , and clam chowder terrible . loved the wine and lication
great white mocha but they couldn't heat up a breakfast sandwich . it didn't taste so great cold
never really disappointed but never wow'd either . come here because the wife likes it .
mediocre pizza for the price . it's close to the house we use it occasionally .
insurance company has sent me here twice . always quick and friendly .
good food and sugar filled umbrella drinks . a long wait though .
good value for the mattress , love the straightforward , no haggle policy , but the delivery is overpriced
this is a busy place . they try least the staff are friendly . it's fast food ! we liked the play area !
pretty much an applebee's chili's with a different name . great drink specials and the ribs are mediocre .
the mexican martinis are a little too sweet . but a little sugar never hurt . ahahaha ! unless you have diabeetus .
delicious food but minuscule portions of soup and goulash . ciabatta bread is just toasted white bread .
friendly staff , but sadly the food just doesn't hit the mark . overpriced for the portion size and , honestly , just mediocre .
not too creative but a decent selection for terra cotta and cast cement items for your yard .
the service was nice and the food was ok . the seating placement isn't date night friendly .
absolutely love their food . pretty busy on the weekends . only complaint is the rude bartender i experienced this friday night .
pretty good food ! decently priced . mehh . homemade macaroni not worth it too creamy !
sadly my cinnamon roll was microwaved to a rubbery gummy crisp . the coffee was decent and the service was friendly .
nothing special about this place . service is the same as all the other locations .
please get someone in the tree department cause i'm tired of walking back and forth i'm just saying
really good service . food is good , nothing extraordinary , but good . really like their happy hour selections .
it's good food , similar to a texas roadhouse but not quite as good . margaritas were good . rolls are delicious .
the butter pecan was nice , but i don't get the hype .
it's a theatre . they show movies . they have food stuffs . it's clean and has a somewhat central location .
basically like every other whole foods except that it's the first . large number of samples to try !
good food horrible and slow service .
they are certainly big donuts . a bit dry . chocolate coconut was good . chocolate glazed are generously coated .
come for the beers and stay for the nachos !
clean place , but pretty expensive prices ! a basic pedicure is and the service was alright . nothing too crazy .
great smoothie , pricey , and no wireless . isn't that juicebar ?
fair food and fair service . servers are not very attentive to customers in the area they work .
the food is reasonably good but we were the only people here and our food took forever to come
good food , it did take a long time to prepare . although we just ordered waffles . on the expensive side .
great little bar with friendly bar tenders a good selection of drink , and some really great burgers and fries .
another store closed down at metrotown . so expensive even on clearance sales items . may be that's why .
good location . huge meeting facilities .
its great . its food court pizza and pasta but its always fresh really good mac n cheese
yet another greek american pizza sub shop . largely unremarkable .
nice place , friendly . went for a cut and color . the color was great , cut not so much .
it's citywalk , not bad but not great . just like every other place here .
over priced a bit spinach artichoke dip is amazing ! food is par good location good atmosphere
good people bartender included . trogs on the jukebox . limited seating . handmade ginger ale for your whiskey .
environment is fun and modern , food was okay , and service was great . mixed feelings but overall good experience !
this place is soooo sloooooow at making food . i often hate to come in here because it takes so long .
pros atmosphere , service standouts frito pie , fried pickles , tominator
other than slow to deliver food , and half portions pricey , it was good . good chopped salad , courteous staff . ample quantities .
i been there few times , the food is ok , nothing surprising great about this place .
worst hostess ever ! thank god the service was good and quick ! she ruined it for me !
food typically good . sometimes it can taste overly salty . i recommend the brisket tacos delicious .
customer service sucks . you never really know what you are getting . there services are a not clearly stated .
little greasy and lunch portions can be small , but overall pretty good .
food was decent . had a price fixed menu though . seafood risotto is good but rich . love balsamic ice cream
good customer service and food . from now on , i'll drive to this location and skip vancouver
a little slow but overwhelmed by long lines of drive through orders . patience , people , patience .
fish wasn't all it's cracked up to be . other people ordered salads and said they were good
serviceable food and wine in a cute , intimate setting . great wood fired bread and very attentive service .
orr's score is a good alcoholic sweet tea drink . checkout the nd largest high definition tv wall around .
the service and atmosphere is good . the food is mediocre at best . not flavorful expensive for what we received .
it was an ok mall kinda quiet .
very pleasant waitstaff , nice decor . run of the mill indian food . nothing unpleasant but nothing to get excited about , either .
nicely appointed salad bar . typical basic menu . good wait service .
service and food were great . however , we sat outside and moving chairs tables made the loudest noise and was absolutely obnoxious .
unfriendly service and food nothing to write home about . exterior has great ambiance , inside kind of tacky . will not return .
it's decent . nice staff , quick service . smaller portions .
a little expensive but the food is decent . only bbq in downtown vancouver though , they only have pork bbq .
love the beef hot dogs . but needs to step it up when it comes to the service
flautas tasted great , and were nice and crispy but i encountered a big hunk of tendon in one of them .
great place for happy hour ! the drinks and appetizers were just okay , but they have live music every night !
was very dirty . garbage on the floor windows need washing carpet is old and dirty . staff is not friendly .
food was just okay . service is unnecessarily pretentious . this is not new york . live band and atmosphere ain't bad though !
the food for us was just ok . bar and grill type place . location is good . three stars .
not bad if your not to boshie . great location if you want to go to a hawks game !
things have gotten better since my purchase . i have brought my car in for service and have been reasonably happy .
the outdoor seating is a plus . however , the serer is impossible to catch on . food is good , but not impressive .
pretty good for quick chinese food , and it's a lot less expensive than some more upscale places .
this place is great except for the fact that it's never open . don't plan for dinner at this one .
it's okay . it's a tim hortons , and it reminds me of pretty much any cafe a counter , food , and seats .
good sushi joint in austin , for the money . the wait to get a table can be annoyingly long some nights .
pricey comfort kinda food . it's what happens when you try to make millennial snacks look fancy and add to it .
i still prefer la bamba but i do on occasions enjoy eating here .
they had good vegetarian options in the buffet . i really liked the carrot cake and the dill rice !
long wait and overpriced . not sure why it's so popular . portlanders must love waiting in line .
there are no macaroons here as shown . but my buble tea was pretty good . lots of selections
great wi fi , ambiance , coffee and good food that can lean towards being overpriced .
perfectly adequate . clean enough . nothing remarkable .
had a breakfast sandwich this morning that was salty . friendly staff and the place is clean .
i checked again for a toilet install , and their rate now is . an hour for plumbing work .
ok dentist . price is very high . upsell is norm .
came in because of a heavy thunderstorm and it was the closest place . service was average . steak a little tough .
lovely diner decor but the food is very greasy .
we only ordered a plate of nachos to share , but they were supreme guacamole ! and perfect for a quick lunch .
undeniably amazing food but wayyyy to noisy . couldn't hold a conversation bcz it was so loud .
fine , but pasta wasn't special . whole olives in the olive oil dish for dipping and bread was nice .
! this is not a event for children or teenagers ! halloween horror nights would be much more enjoyable without them .
looks like this place is closed ? number is not in service .
recently they stopped offering any sashimi for lunch . their dinner is still good ! fresh sashimi and amazing bonchon spicy wing !
fun for kids . not so much for adults . great selection of vintage pop though . the food is so so .
customer service was top notch but . flat iron steak and the double chocolate bread pudding was so so
overpriced and lacks flavor . however if the butternut squash soup is available get it . it is the best !
i've been here so many times great service and food always fresh . weekends you will have to wait
gets very busy . love the starbucks disney cups . even for water don't know about the rest of the food .
good cut but not what i asked for . i'd recommend reiterating you're vision and getting the stylist to repeat .
popular with chinese students etc . i'm told the boss fairly typical appropriates the tips , so don't tip .
great decoration and venue but food is meh ! nothing special and seems disappointing for the price you pay .
average , overpriced , and a limited menu . overall , i wasn't impressed . but , the atmosphere is nice !
great food . service was very very slow for a pm lunch reservation . very cool atmosphere .
this is my favorite theater but service , cleanliness and overall customer service has gone down hill fast recently .
average great drink prices food is kind of bland from az and it could be better but still good
actually satisfied my korean bbq craving . my favorite restaurant to cover this many turnover spot . sakemeup .
i'm glad this is here and i'm looking forward to the day when the collection lives up to the building .
mediocre pub , mediocre pub food , mediocre service . i did think the chicken pot pie was good , though .
overhyped , overpriced , mediocre . wouldn't recommend the best calamari .
the seating was cramped , and the cinnamon rolls tasted funny . other than that , it was your normal panera experience .
food was great , prices were spot on , but watch out for all the old cackling ladies at lunch .
not a terrible airport . i take the us airways shuttle to dc and it's never too much of a hassel .
great roast beef sandwich , great service . will come again when in area .
good chocolate milkshake . the fish sandwich left much to be desired , but the fries were quite tasty . service was good .
fast food chinese . cheap and won't kill you .
got the pulled pork sandwich wasn't a fan . pretty fatty . restaurant didn't smell appetizing . not a fan , personally .
food is good they have function area dining room needs updating otherwise nice cheap place to eat .
food is good . short money and worth a visit .
the food is ok . i honestly think i only like the salmon chips . love the decor tho
between here and chipole this is were braxton miller gets his free meals , yep free i was right behind him .
food was decent good prices . fajitas had a good flavor . the service was fantastic . our server was very attentive .
blueberry teacake the size of my muffin top . nomnomnom .
cheap , delicious , and healthy summer treat . also has very cool and relaxing ambiance . favorite flavors cheesecake , pistachio , pecan , and taro
it's expensive for what you get . all i wanted were dumplings . but i didn't want to pay the prices here .
this place was great . loved the environment . i will definitely go back there . coffee was slightly cold but otherwise ok !
wide range of flavors and fresh fruit juices . the boba itself was just ok , the staff are very friendly
don't get the pastrami . not worth for a foot long . and on top of that , theres mad grissel
pretty good considering not many options in manor . overall tasty , large portion , good service .
i had a flatbread and a dessert . the flatbread was good . the dessert was rich . it was nor al cpk .
fancy place with tapas style dining . my server forgot about me . not a comfortable place to dine alone .
food was great long wait , though , but understandable with them being short on staff that night . will go again !
corporate restaurant , but food didnt really impress
they have usually fresh hot food and quick service . it's the closest location to me .
if you've been to one you've been to them all . slow service but entertaining once you finally take your seat
pretty good food , but bring a big wallet . service was superb .
mediocre bar food but kids like and open late atmosphere good
decent italian food , pasta and gnocchi both good but not great . nice setting .
food is good but portion sizes are a bit small . i'm always still hungry when i leave .
great location but the food just an ok fish portion is small and a littly snooty .
good vibes . really good atmosphere so always crowded . food was just ok . go there just for the vibes
i actually liked this place . good burgers and pretty quick .
food was pretty good , but the bar is set pretty high for thai in pdx .
in the middle of nowhere ! lack of restaurants makes this location inconvenient for family drive .
not a bad place , but i am not a huge fan .
this place is pretty good for an automatic car wash and a pretty good deal too !
been here a couple of times now . i like the ambience , but the coffee is only okay .
good lunch buffet , not overly big but pretty good food . a bit dark for a lunch but clean and easy
.
the price for breakfast is a little too much . but like the environment there , nice and comfortable .
the pastries and coffee were yummy . however , the entrees are a bit pricey for the quality quantity you get .
good pasta and salad , mozzarella slices were not so great . good prices , good starter bread .
unique , interesting store . great inventory . i've met some of my favorite authors here . amazing events . greatly , hugely overpriced .
decent . most authentic casual sushi place in the area
solid atmosphere , good location and the food is decent . the lobster mac and cheese was a little disappointing .
fantastic mexican food in buckhead with some solid salsa dip and burritos . nice place to start off a night out .
false advertising on house margaritas , food gave me explosive diarrhea . food was good , service was subpar .
ate here twice . food ok . lobby dining area could be cleaner . good egg rolls . fried rice good as well .
probably the best place for vietnamese food in the pearl downtown area , but definitely not the best vietnamese food in portland .
decent grub . priced well . fast service . nice people . what else do you want from a diner .
i can't give more stars cause it'd feel weird . but for a place that tows cars they actually pretty friendly
good service and friendly staff , food was good , but i found the sushi rice a bit under cooked and dry .
decent seafood . good crab poutine . nothing says special but also nothing that says horrible either . local go through spot .
limited menu . mediocre food . feels like a dressed up more expensive version of applebees .
timbits as needed . nonspecialist donuts for the kids . step below duncan's if comparing but price good on conversion right now .
it was nice to go to food was okay
not bad . i like that they have a pool table . basically a dive bar with strippers .
decent food . nothing here is going to make you say omg they have the best . it's your typical chain restaurant .
chicken was delicious tender with balanced amount of spice . masala dosa had pound of potato curry in it !
beautiful , great food but freezing to the point that i was uncomfortable . even the hostess was cold .
after leaving the previous review , the company finally contacted me and issued a full refund .
such pretty shoes . they have such great sales and nice service
tattoo artist was very friendly and talented but when it came to price i felt a bit over charged .
it's nice inside , but it's really overpriced and doesn't have a lot of good options on the menu .
lobster bisque was good . i wish it had more lobster . honestly the menu looks great , the prices are pretty good .
the previous reviewers overlook the fact that the dining roon is upstairs .
nice downtown brunch option . food was ok . vegetarian options slim . the highlight was our perky server !
ordered delivery . food was average . they did not send utensils even though i specified it in the order .
inefficient security and extremely long lines , even for pre check . the theatre of the tsa is alive and thriving .
quick and easy . decent quality for a mall fast food style sushi restaurant and the price is right .
onions onions and more onions ! the food is just average . happy hour with good appetizers is more like it .
just a regular dive bar . darts , and decent beer . nothing special about this place though . nothing .
killer ambiance . great location . had the lunch pad thai it was good , but very small portion for the price .
small bar great karaoke ! i should say live band karaoke .
good place . desserts seemed stale though . wish they had a bigger menu or changed it more often
loved the food ! hated that there was nobody to wait on me or other customers at the register .
sure , tasty burger is fine . but why would you settle for fine when there is a shake shack nearby ? !
pretty good food . my only complaint was staff seemed a little distraught with their jobs . not a happy group .
nice enough thrift store with interesting finds and ok prices . smells very badly of armpit .
good happy hour . ordered food and drinks which were tasty and unique . staff was kind of stuck up .
good yogurt bar , lots of variety for toppings . not much variety on there yogurt . love the location . free parking .
better than average chili , great location , good prices .
the food is slightly above average . i would direct others to tiffins in boulder for max flavor .
went for lunch . great beer . service wasn't bad . did i mention they have great beer ?
con margarita tastes like water . pro at least two male members of staff look like porn stars .
strong drinks , video crack , cheap decent food . people watching
solid colorado breakfast food . nothing spectacular , but nothing's bad either . plus it's really funky .
heart the cassis flavored macarons . and that is macaron , not macaroon
man . lots of staff but no one working tables . just talking with each other . they are recovering finally .
great location , nice staff and slightly below average pizza . i'm really sorry , i was praying i could be kinder !
cheap eats , coffee , great service worth a visit if you're hungry and want somewhere quiet and interesting !
nice place , good food , friendly satff
just okay imho the meat was not seasoned . but the owner is a real nice guy !
good experience . they show that they care and maintain their cleanliness , but i've had better noodles elsewhere .
fun place . over priced but still fun . really crowed on friday saturday nights . the pizza is great !
average sushi place . line is not too long , staff tried to answer promptly but they seem understaffed .
ask before ordering the veggie plate . i found it disappointing .
standard quality pho compared to the other spots around town . decent service as well .
the meatball was fine . but the rossi burger was burned although i told them to get it medium rare .
very fresh sashimi but smaller portion . the freshness is reflected by their price . don't expect cheap sushi or big portion here !
average . everyone in here is by themselves on their laptops . wine , coffee and cakes are just ok . nothing special .
loved the chicken tikka masala and the best garlic naan ever ! mediocre decor but good food and service for dinner
best margaritas around . food okay . charming cafe with outside seating . nice to have it in milwaukie .
tons of pool tables and places to play darts . its never packed .
tina and devin were professional , patient , and kind . it was a very pleasant enviornment and experience .
pretty good brunch here and excellent desserts but service has been terrible as of late .
the food is well prepared and flavorful . the establishment is a bit cramped but conveniently located to alaskan airlines gates .
it's good that they offer free checked baggage and reschedule is easy , but i don't like the boarding process .
lots of comics , but they charge too much on some of there comics and others have a great price .
good latin food . fresh and made to order . they seem to be very busy especially for breakfast .
many vegetarian options and cool atmosphere , but it was mostly very excessively greasy rich food .
always order their yaki udon for lunch . love it ! but really cannot take their miso soup .
food didn't quite fit my taste buds but the drinks were great ! i had the northern and southern lemonades
it's ok . i should have had the shepard's pie . but i got corned beef and it was not the greatest .
it's not bad , but it's the greasiest chinese food i've ever had . and that's saying a lot .
nice place but very limited menu . make sure that you look at the menu before you go there .
very friendly server nice place food presentation homemade coconut ice cream food too sweet
very stylish clothes in decent cuts . lady was very helpful . picked up a nice day jacket .
food was very average for a burger joint . there were flies everywhere . kids get free frozen custard with kids meal .
the waffles are excellent but the waiting time is unreasonable min for a waffle !
only thing i would recommend here is fish tacos on mondays ? whenever the . special is .
solid chinese food . nothing unexpected , but everything is tasty .
super tasty sausages and nice assortment of meats inside also . we will definitely be back .
the service was okay . i just wish i had known that the chicken sandwich was spicy . it
not my favorite thai place , but it's decent for the money .
it is just a chain restaurant . i guess they have good ribs . i am a vegetarian .
this is a meh liquor store . they don't know a lot about what they sell . maybe a change of staff ?
good breakfast . everything is decent . don't use substite meat products like someone i know . al
theres no more crab kingz . booo . but ! i may try the new folks they have in place now .
we sat at the bar . bartenders were focused on cleaning and restocking . attentiveness was a .
good hotel for an overnight stay . close to subway . good price for being in boston . staff is friendly and pleasant .
this restaurant wasn't that tasty . i wouldn't go back . service was great but the food was not .
i'm a big fan of tangy frozen yogurt , but i think that boyo was not remarkable and expensive .
the pizza is pretty good . but i love the spinach dip its delicious ! thats the main reason i go there .
not very good tonight service was very slow and my order was messed up . otherwise it was very good .
excellent for airport food . good sandwiches . quick service . easy on the wallet .
great food and easy sharing meal . high roof and large space is one of favourite part .
i asked for chocolate chip and she gave me chocolate . didn't feel like waiting so i just ate it anyway .
its okay of me . i don't the food was just alright but its extremely fast and so convenient .
it was a solid fruity drink . girlfriend . i will take her word for it .
the baked goods and sandwiches are fine , but definitely not worth the long wait and the high prices .
huge portion , not much taste . mango lemonade was turrible and those are two things i love .
solid theater , nothing spectacular nor terrible .
wanted to love it but felt like a factory riding on a wave . good food sucky service . no full bar .
the food was good but the service could have been better . however , it might just have been an unusual night .
solid diner food . nothing special . the service is great .
meh . view is great , fried chicken is just ok . the fried deviled eggs are amazing though !
avg . nothing special . spring rolls are terrible .
like most boston hotels , expensive . great location for harvard but small room . clean and friendly .
fast friendly service . but i'm only giving stars because you charge too much money for an oil change .
mostly like them but for a wire transfer is not reasonable . free coffee . atm is so slow .
good selection of donuts but they're pricey . i'll still go back to try other food items .
very intimate and homey atmosphere , mom and pop type feel but the food was mediocre at best
have not eatin there yet . all looks good . the bar makes some nice martinis . i'll be back
order a take out , order was confirmed , when i came to pick it up place was closed .
friendly staff and good service . the fish quality could be better
their pizza is ok . i prefer same old place . the calzones at zestos are better , though .
great fries and good quality , but not worth the wait or the over hype .
the fried chicken breasts seem to be getting smaller and smaller but the potato salad is great !
nice little spot with lovely beverages and cream puffs
tried the lunch buffet , the food wasn't all that great , too much oil and masala . will not go back again .
not my favorite whole foods , but definitely worth trying out if you're interested !
decent food cheap price . tried the peanut butter burger and couldn't even take two bites . do not order that
the place is very clean . i am impressed . the caramel cake is vastly overrated . it is not good at all .
we had a large party and service was great . the staff was very accommodating but the food could be improved
their butter chicken is addicting , and the line up during lunch time proves that i'm not the only one that thinks so .
i've eaten here a couple of times . nice decor , good service . my cuban sandwich was okay .
food was ok . specials were interesting . staff was great . price was a little high for what was received .
its basic . the sausages didnt get grilled enough and the homefries need improvement !
any corned beef and cabbage ? tomorrow's st . pattys day .
carl cal ? gave a clean , slick haircut . however my beard and mustache look whack . very uneven mustache weird beardline .
krispy kreme milkshake ftw !
typical dive bar vibes . fun place to be and the waitress was nice enough , but the pizza was pretty bland .
alright place for a dunkin boston kreme and a cup of coffee for affordable amount of money
a surprise , wait staff need experience , meal was good portions are large . wine on the expensive side .
unique combination of burger and sushi but , not worth it for the money . too expensive
great downtown location . bar and restaurant . there is a club lounge as well with great food and service
their food is alright . service is sometimes very good and sometimes mediocre . location is great though .
good bar with decent food , solid drink specials , and a good atmosphere . for cash only .
this place is pretty slow , but the english muffins are delicious . nice patio vibes . the eggs benedict is super yummy .
review pending outcome with service manager
love that they have a good number of vegetarian options . i would anytime love their dumplings over noodles . it's awesome !
very pleasant atmosphere nestled in a bookstore . it was very relaxing just sipping a coffee while reading the news .
food and menu variety very good . service , from manager , to hostess , to waitress , very poor .
hotel room and lobby are very nice . the lady at the front desk is veery rude
nice train system to get between terminals half hour layover across the airport ? no problem .
i didn't like their tacos but maybe i selected the wrong ones but their queso mmmm soooo freaking awesome
a little better than average . don't expect anything great . really a take out place with little attention to service
harbor inn , is very nice place around boston . staff is professional the place is clean and nice
this place is very similar to a run down marriott courtyard . they provide free internet . it works well , although slow .
i love the reuben cubano sandwich . its grilled chicken , slaw , swiss cheese , and pickles . delish !
a little too expensive for my taste . but if you have to eat a healthy burger . this is your place
great place to grab a sammy during the marathon .
scary area , didn't realize this neighborhood was so sketchy , i'll stay away .
meh . good quality food but nothing really was memorable or great . unconvential scallion pancakes were a lie
good american food , great bartender , and large space , great for larger parties .
not impressed . yes it's greasy , fried deliciousness but afterwards i'd never had a worse stomachache in my life .
the chicken , while better trimmed , is not half as satisfying .
hours . fries . double chee burgers on the menu . yep , i'm a happy camper .
nice and quiet if you need a space to work . gallery is nice too . but the coffee wasn't great .
food is alright . a little too pricey for what it tastes like . great place for a date though
i was expecting more for the price kids drinks not included food was salty it was just ok
awesome hummus and brick chicken ! why did it take so long for me to decide to eat here ! ? !
better than average pizza , though it doesn't come close to antico .
the tres leches is no where near authentic . beware . it is still quite good though .
not gonna change your life , but definitely a solid pick for fresh , non greasy thai . i also love the christmas lights .
fresh tasting and bright . i never knew there were so many kinds of chicken salad . we'll be back .
mac bites fried . fried chicken enormous enough for three meals large screens with soccer , skiing , etc . nice servers .
food is cheap . food is alright but big portion . service is good but takes time to get your order .
by the time they brought main dishes the rice , miso became cold
these cupcakes are okay . they are probably not going to do to well once the georgetown cupcakes opens in boston !
this is everything that you would expect to find in a brewery . mediocre beer and mediocre food .
pretty good independent bookstore in a trendy neighborhood of vanco .
jalisco's is just ok if you think it's amazing you've clearly never been out of the south east .
actually not a bad selection and some decent sale pricings . i have no complaints about the customer service .
in downtown , many people during the lunch time . taste is just so so . hosted by a korean boss .
not bad at all . got the capresse flatbread . yummy . place is small but food is good
nice decor but pedicure just ehh . only half hearted care given to buffing , shaping or cuticles .
great booze , love the beer . food was good but not amaz . try the infused vodka .
its fine for a quick sushi fix . the staff is really nice , but the food was just mediocre .
there when i need them the cheesecake is tasty . ask for louie , he is awesome .
good food but the ladies in the drive thru never listen and are not the nicest . better customer service please !
great drinks and great music . ! we didn't have any food here but the outside experience was great .
was ok the sweet tea is awful but the brisk tea is awsome . place was clean and service was ok
good but not great food . service was awesome , but felt the food was overpriced for the taste .
yummy , loved the neighborhood feel . try the bluefish pate . could improve on the food presentation .
solid irish pub . great vibe fantastic daily specials .
what can i say ? it's a credit union with a convenient atm in a convenient place .
they okay . in too much of a hurry . should spend more time on taking care of knots , too .
it's before pm and everyone is already gone . hours on your website indicate you're open until pm .
good food but crazy expensive for tacos
meh . came here due to wonderful reviews but honestly , the food is lacking and the portions are obnoxious .
nice little quiet place . came for the all you can eat sushi , and it did not disappoint . waiter could have paid more attention .
mmmmmmmmm . coffee
good food . not amazing , but good . this isn't the one on television , so it's nice if you don't want attention .
good food , good beer , slow service nothing to write home about but enjoyable nonetheless .
really just too busy of a place . hard to eat when you can see thirty people waiting to be seated .
convenient and usually stocked . it has a modest inventory . usually clean and the staff are friendly .
nice breakfast when you just want a relaxed sunday coffee and some food .
i thought it was decent thai food . close to mgh and therefore convenient for the busy mgh fellow !
very overpriced for so so quality food . atmosphere is nice , but not worth the money .
a bit overpriced for a sausage . terrific selection of beers , but certainly not on the inexpensive side .
great jukebox , friendly bartenders , movie nights and diveeee !
stopped in for a quick breakfast since the hotels breakfast area was packed . quick fresh .
cute atmosphere . many mac and cheese options which i havent tried yet . the eggplant napolean was yummy . reasonable prices
not bad for a quick indian lunch . nothing special .
was not impressed at all , equal to wendy's ! ? ! ? ! ? over priced ! over hyped . just another burger joint !
solid crepes , good food , will drop by again if the opportunity presents itself .
half a chicken salad and a cup of mushroom brie soup .
nice place , but the music was far too loud . didn't have as much fun as i expected .
overpriced , nothing phenomenal but if you are craving something green this is an ok place . i appreciate the clean space .
pendleton wool clothing . bahhh bahhh bahhhh black sheep so much wool . myrtlewood . pinot noir wine .
very nice presentation and service . the americano is nice but i prefer a stronger bolder taste .
way overpriced . for a shirt and skirt ? i feel like i've been robbed .
they need more staff on board for busy weekends during the holiday season .
in the hood price is great food is so so but expected at this price point . good vibe service was soso
not bad but way over priced not bad but way over priced not bad but way over priced
i got banana cream pie . it is big ! thought expensive , but it is worth it . nice location on denman
it was good , but did not surpass expectations . if you want a hip ambiance , this is the place though !
decent slices overall , but nothing amazing . good caesar salad and a fun atmosphere . outdoor seating and open windows are nice .
tried the buffet the first time and wasn't too happy . desserts are not up to the mark as well .
sometimes good , sometimes like todays chicken teriyake just terrible .
i like the pizza my wife isn't crazy about them . liked the caesar salad , especially with the anchovies .
the bartender was very unfriendly but our drinks were great . boo too bad bar was just not for us .
c'mon , man . i live around the corner . please don't overcook the sh t outta my burger , every , single , time .
the olives for were great . lobster bisque delicious . kicked us out before pm on a wednesday . whack .
decent chain like food . best part was our server . handled a large group alone better than most with small tables .
it was a great day . the other dogs owners were very nice . we will be back for sure
decent food for an airport restaurant . both the burgers and the salads are better than what you'd expect . good service .
attentive , friendly service and decent food . generous portions . love that it's in an old church .
bartenders were nice , but the place just smelled like old moldy clothes and there were fruit flies flying around . yuck .
average seafood for a good price large portions . theresa was our server . she checked on us often .
good place . nice size portions good service . nothing spectacular , but definitely good .
delicious pancakes , but the wifi was a bit shoddy .
cute neighborhood ! the yogurt bowl is sort of sour but the biscuits and gravy is awesome . nice service too !
the food was okay . nothing incredible . the soup special didn't taste bad but i wouldn't eat it again either .
not bad for a veggie place . the soups are tasty and the pimento cheese sandwich is good .
great prices and selection
i'm conflicted with this place . the food is really good and coffee is awesome . unfortunately , the service kitchen is extremely slow .
cute place , good coffee . they need more help behind the bar though .
great food and atmosphere . the menu has not changed in years and they have no vegetarian or vegan options .
good burgers . we sat outside it was nice but the music was a little too loud for us .
i love the lobster roll ! amazing ! i've had them elsewhere , such as the optimist , but no comparison . nicky's is better !
a bit pricey but nice to have a deli downtown good pickle
see my review of la bonita for taste comparison .
not bad for chinese takeout . the beef and broccoli can be a little chewy sometimes , but overall not bad .
the potatoes are giant ! i'm super picky about bbq , and this place wasn't bad .
broken a c , dirty trams , long lines . still better than driving but not the cleanest or most efficient airport .
pretty good and very good prices . would return without hesitation .
good service . decent prices but the offer of frames is rather staid and boring even if many designer ones included
average for takeout . the sushi was ok and the soup flavor was quite strong .
good stuff . i'll definitely visit anna's again if i'm in the area and need a quick , affordable and tasty lunch .
ordered the falafel sandwich via alex's recommendation . great service from him and great suggestion !
the service is quiet unsatisfactory for a westin hotel that is a landmark in a city like atlanta .
best almond croissants ever . however , don't bother with the buckwheat crepes . they are dry , flavorless and had very little filling .
the perfect dive . just high top tables and the bar . no frills , cash only , but does the trick !
good edam , good sausage , great hotel dinner time cheap eats , better than many restaurant alternatives .
tastes fine . sushi is good . but the chinese cuisine is not the best . they all have strong flavor .
good if you are looking to save a few bucks and don't mind waiting a long time for services .
solid portions at a fair price . intimate dining area with character . staff is . authentic !
this place is fine . nothing more . i've experienced better service , and attitude from other locations , particularly the peachtree piedmont location .
close bar to the hotel i was staying in while in atlanta . typical bar food nothing spectacular .
decent little place to grab lunch with friends . they are a little bit hipster , but this is portland .
i have visited this location twice and the outside and inside was clean . the cashiers have been pleasant .
mediocre lobster roll and ok clam chowder . service was good . nice interior design and mood . too hyped overall
fine . food was satisfactory but nothing special for the price . service was adequate , could have been a bit more attentive .
food was good but driver left food outside without notifying me my order was delivered . food was cold .
the mushroom omelet was very good . walking distance from our air bnb so very convenient .
it's good . best wings in quincy , in my opinion .
food was fresh and tasty . not a very extensive menu , just basic tex mex . service was fair , atmosphere was fantastic !
croissant amazing . the coffee cake dry and flavorless . service lackluster .
nice food and quick service . on tue , many people are waiting at dinner time
this is probably my favorite bar in salem floors open with local djs chill and friendly bouncers
good food , pretty good coffee espresso , turkish , arabian , very slow service
phad thai wasn't exceptional . chicken skewer okay , egg rolls okay , conconut ice cream okay . plum sauce and thai iced tea were delish !
first time at ali baba . service was good , but food was just okay .
ordered tiramisu , it was frozen ! and the dinner plate of chicken tender and fries was only ok .
good sales . larger selection . boom .
food is consistently good but the service has been horrible the last two visits .
we went for happy hour service was pretty slow . we had the wings and they were over sauced .
the amtrak personnel are fairly friendly and helpful . not enough places to sit during rush hour .
nice staff and homely kitsch interior atmosphere . good value and yummy comfort food . not authentic but equally cheerful .
pretty average ! don't like places that do bibimbap and without the fermented hot sauce boo !
falafel chain that is good enough in a pinch ! they definitely have some good toppings !
the burrito was decent and the avocados used in the guacamole weren't ripe yet . ok .
the first steak was overcooked and the second one wasnt much better . service was better than meal ,
friendly service , fun atmosphere . the food is good but nothing fancy .
good pizza but really overrated . way way too expensive for what you get .
yummm . pretzels , beer , sausage , fries . how could you go wrong ?
nice atmosphere . good food . reasonable prices . consistently tasty . i've been going there for many years .
i feel it a lil over hyped . but it is good if you are a pastry lover .
very good service , decent food , excellent beer list .
shabu is always enjoyable . the meat was okay though . i'd come back since the distance is very convenient !
fun tourist spot and high end shopping . still fun place to hand out , walk around and have a beer !
they finally got with the program , no smoking until after pm ! yay .
bland food , decent service , bland sauces , nice place to sit outdoors , but overall a bummer .
i was in the southside today and stopped to get a donut . it was just okay .
inexpensive but standard delicious . they had good ikura on a sunday and great salmon to boot !
food was good typical italian nice casual atmosphere a good amount of choice on the menu ! friendly waitstaff
sit in the back if you want to get drenched . cheesy plot , i just tuned it out . needs more turns !
hotel is very nice inside . neighborhood , not so much . also the internet is terrible .
great hotel and amenities . staff can use better customer service skills , especially in the casino .
its a nice pup to have a beer or two with friends and you could play pool billiarde .
. grams for the bags came here exclusively for those rainbow strips and livewires
fortune cookies were not great . one of them was empty . we were extremely disappointed .
service was good . food was average , nothing you can't make at home . a bit pricey though .
food was ok but service was rather slow with errors in spite of it being quiet . no atmosphere
one of the only places in austin to play real house music . the crowd could be better .
good basic food . nice atmosphere on the river . literally a babbling brook . great patio .
good library . no parking lot . self checks are awesome . cool neighborhood , easy stop while running errands .
good place for decent balkan food . try the cevape and especially the burek .
a haiku review of noho's hawaiian cafe came in with high hopes . korean chicken was burned . nowhere near five stars .
the service is hit or miss . the food is good and the portions are generous . the tacos are big !
this is famous chain in new england , food is ok , service is awesome . it's more for drinks .
nice joint . cool outdoor bar . staff is nicely laid back .
was underwhelmed by the food for the price . the desert was great though . i'll give it another shot sometime .
food is just ok , great atmosphere with hookahs and good drinks . skip the bruschetta .
love it . great vegan food ! love the pad thai with the glass noodle soup . flavors are very strong and warm .
the pastries are pretty good . can be really greasy sometimes . vegan pastries are new here and are tasty .
expierience was so so took a long time to get someone to help
great coffee , but there are pastry crumbs everywhere . it's not the cleanest i wouldn't study there .
veggie burger was a little soft and mosh . you need lots of napkins !
gelato melted and served to me . next time just get cannoli for dessert it's fun touristy place with limited seating
food is of a great quality . the service is spotty . i would recommend sitting at the bar here .
best key lime pie i've ever had in my life . but definitely get it to go .
organic hazelnut . organic coffee . cute shop . good gelato . wish they had a larger organic selection .
the sushi was good an the vibe was cool , low key . very slow service though
awesome bar . great service . great energy . mediocre execution on the food . tighten it up and earn that .
a bit expensive for what it is . big portions but meh food . delivery was very prompt though .
nothing special here , it's fine overpriced steaks etc . looks like the have a nice bar with some tv's .
service felt frantic rushed . the environment was loud . gel manicure was coming off within three days .
the food is great . my first time visiting and i loved the dessert . fried ice cream .
amazing atmosphere and quality drinks , but the service is typical portlandesque leaves much to be desired .
good southern food but very heavy ! servings are very generous so bring your appetite or maybe share .
delicious longhorn burger . i love the counter service . the beer selection is lacking and it's too depressingly dark inside .
fast food can be cheap and good though not often . this is one of those cases . i get the tinga tacos burritos .
good calamari . cajun chicken pasta was meh . service was pretty quick .
a very big old navy but never had my size . why ? size seems to start from xl in this place .
ok , not awesome . i guess you brag about where your coffee comes from when it doesn't taste that good .
went in for a cheese slice , my baseline pizza test , and liked it .
tasty acai bowl , friendly staff , gonna come back try their other stuff . rly liked their homemade granola !
used
weak customer service . room was hot and musty when i got there . place was dirty . below par for a hilton .
good value . great selection . it is the dragons heart of china town .
first visit with family . pretty good tasty in fresh mango cream . my daughter likes mango cream very much .
cute little bakery ! the macaron was nice ! outdoor seating and close proximity to a burrito place overall , nice little place !
decent coffee and chocolate croissants . worth a repeat and anything is better than dd
ok food . considering its an affordable fast food spot . no frills , just food .
impecable service . waiter was amazingly friendly , mais the whole experience so much more enjoyable ! food is standard
decent location . plenty of parking . it's starbucks . no surprises here .
new crew ? a little off kilter . food was ok , but not usual fast , efficient and on point .
got there early so the salad bar was fresh . food was as i expect from ruby tuesdays and pretty good .
solid egg breakfast at a decent price . wife likes the banana pancakes . get the home fries fried hard , delicious .
quality western wear . great boot selection !
always our first choice for chinese food in south boston . they deliver promptly and is reasonably priced .
yammy and peaceful . extremely friendly service . very quick and freshly cooked food . the servers are very attentive .
sweet melissa's is a ok . the food is good and the waiters are friendly .
took my girlfriend and her parents to nostrana . great food . my gfs parents loved it .
worst irish coffee ever ! music is good . food and service ok ! enjoy the ambience and local people .
kinda a small location , but i enjoyed a raspberry mocha to go .
wicked cheap decent breakfast , followed a few weeks later by wicked cheap undecent breakfast .
hess has the cheapest prices in town . gas is still sadly overall expensive though .
my wife loves the marghiritas sp . . food was okay !
good chicken for ohio , but not as good as tennessee hot chicken . it's worth trying if you're in the area .
a pitcher of texas margaritas that rocked my world . oh , the combo was really tasty , too .
lunch buffet is not as bad as most . the dinner entrees are mediocre , not worth the higher than average prices .
love their subs . very yummy and would eat it again . just don't like how unprofessional some of the workers are .
this place is pretty good actually . don't worry about how unhealthy the pizza is .
wished this location added more weekday yoga class . is way too late for yoga
very ordinary and greasy ! not the best but does for a quick afternoon eat . don't expect to be blown away .
really cutting back on inventory . just looking for a couple knock around shirts . little selection , bad
decent selection , nice staff , the lines aren't too long . you get what you pay for , you know ?
not terrible . not great . just mediocre . really it's high volume mall food . service was fair . patio outside is nice . overall meh
bland roast beef and no refills on drinks . good fries , though , and honey mustard was alright .
love the building . hostess was rude but waiter was good . food was alright . drinks were not the best .
food was fair service was great enjoyed my experience
fine but not great . massage was mediocre and they used just a little paraffin wax . not worth going back .
food was great , experience was a little off , felt uncomfortable through the evening but wasn't too bad
noodle withdrawal late night craving for ramen a salt overdose
great atmosphere great prices great service . food's quality is not houston's , but it's ok . very home like feel
better than average for most cities but just on par for vancouver richmond . feels a tad westernized .
cool place but food could be better . good wings . not good chicken curry and flat iron frites
the atmosphere is great . the menu is basic but the dishes are enjoyable and delicious . i'm a repeat custy .
mu lan is convenient , decent , and a little overpriced . it usually hits the spot if i'm craving it .
it's ok the nepalese menu , the place is too small to eat there . but very friendly service .
my go to pho restaurant . consistent . cheap . no problem .
love the food . it is always great . staff is not very friendly . location smells very musky inside
this place is decent , wide variety if choices , but ultimately too expensive . even in boulder .
the almond crusted chicken scewers are great ! add to any salad .
butter chicken was fair and shrimp korma tasted bland watered down . garlic naan and mango chutney were delicious !
went here with my family . the garlic smashers are tasty and the burgers are good too .
cool atmosphere . great service . poor quality meat chewy and hard to get through . bartender jason was fantastic !
too muck tomato sauce for real greeks place was small as was staff good thing we were in no hurry
very nice mall , but it is very upscale for my taste , and i couldn't afford much . otherwise very nice mall !
good quick pizza . nice place to grab a quick bit downtown .
had the bulgogi gordita . the meat was juicy and tasted good but the overall gordita sandwich left me wanting more .
adequate . it's acceptable but it's nothing to write home about .
the food was go the service was not they got my order wrong twice but the food was good
lunch special is a lot of food . best part is the biryani the rest are forgettable .
the restaurant is closed due to renewal and new management . i will miss this nice food and atmosphere .
its ok to me . not a lot of competition in the area anyway .
great fast food . they get the takeout order right about of the time , which is irritating .
stylists are friendly . i wish they would find someone that was better at waxes though .
it was real good ! nothing like ahh , uhh , but a good solid latin meal and tasty .
can someone tell me where jamie is now ? he was the best massage therapist at this place .
pros dog friendly , clean , and good service . cons over priced drinks and music is unbearably loud .
one of the best chinese i've had since moving here . big portions . definitely would recommend and will try again .
good drink , ok food very generous portion sizes , and slow service . i would go again strictly for the drinks .
for shows and the bar , this place is great . for food , forget it . the service is horrifyingly slow and neglectful .
we were in a hurry and they were quick ! good selection of special more interesting rolls . decor ambience was average .
a better than average restaurant bar , good food , good atmosphere , can't go wrong here especially for the price .
great food , beer , and atmosphere for the most part . can be hit or miss at times
good burgers , but they have casino and jackalope to compete with . and unfortunately for them , that's no contest .
horrible , horrible , horrible customer service , but the food is ok and it's cheap . has a bit of a cafeteria vibe .
not amazing , but pretty solid cajun food , reasonably priced , with very courteous staff . we will go back .
man ! happy hour gets nuts ! will return on not a friday to give it another go .
good burger , better milkshake !
nice little ice cream joint . the spiced nuts were a nice touch on my scoop .
entertainment and dinner , great combination . my steak was done perfectly .
no set store hours . here at am on a normal monday and its closed
they're donuts ! that's it ! and they were just ok . i have no idea about this cult following of theirs .
food was good and service was quick . would eat there again . i particularly enjoyed the history and wings .
good thin crust pizza made from organic and gluten free ingredients .
they definitely need to work on customer service skills . the cupcakes were subpar . nothing to rave about .
enjoyed the excellent mexican food . wish they used regular plates . everything was disposable .
breakfast was good only had grits pancakes and bacon . they have a nice variety . i'll go back again for the price .
busy place w avg greek food . the gyro plate was a good portion but somewhat fatty . service was pretty good
not impressed , probably will not go back . service was slow , food was 'eh , and there is usually a wait .
clean , decent staff , and they have coffee and food . it's an airport , i mean . hello ?
huge bar , decent selection . watch your drink like a hawk though . if you see something sketchy , say something .
love the dayshift bartender the cuban sandwich is good . great specials !
long wait , but good food awaits . acoustics are noisy , but outside summer tables are nice .
the food was ok . didn't like it that much . if their quality improves can give it another chance .
everything was great but our bill came very late . we waited long time . waiters was bery nice .
great summer vibe , good food outdoor picnic tables unassuming but yummy .
over priced drinks , soupy spinach dip , and i've had better edamame from the frozen food at publix . great service though .
saw some cool chicks pullets here . good price too . a little bit of everything a small farm needs .
pretty good . tasty , but a bit too much breading and not enough sauce for my preferences .
per my tip lots of variety . sandwich bar , ice cream , pastries and coffee . efficient staff .
yeah , of course it's expensive cuz it's sea foods . but still i expect better food there .
boring crowd pleaser food but the salads are good and the surf and turf roll is delicious !
i really hope this place is good . been waiting minutes for a smoothie , gonna be late to work .
decent hibachi but nothing i would recommend . service was great but i was unfortunately disappointed with the food .
got the tuna and salmon roll . very tasty but honestly not worth with tax for pieces .
food is always so good , which always brings me back , but the service is so unbelievably slow !
meh . just meh . what the heck is all the excitement about ? a waste of space in a strip mall .
i tried masala bhindi , dal , roti . food get stars but quantity of food is very less for price !
unusual flavors that are really tasty ! texture lacked creaminess . i wouldn't wait in a long line for it again
mediocre food , but it's definitely a great place to chill on a sunny day by the sea shore !
fast and friendly . great deals and quick service .
great place to go and drink your face off . happy hour is pitchers of dirtygirl chips w salsa !
the quiche is quite good . the salad is solid . they just need better coffee !
for chinese take out . not bad . nothing unique or exciting . the prices however were great !
got a grande soy vanilla latte and it was . ! good cup of coffee but service is kind of slow
the location and atmosphere are great , but the meat ranks worse than most backyard smoked bbq that i've had .
donuts are delicious and creative . staff is pretentious at times . should not be so much angst over donuts .
greasy donuts , but very affordable pricing . the place needs a face lift . staff are very nice .
drinks were great ! truffle fries were awesome ! got some oysters . they were tiny
pretty good food , but don't come hungry , because the service is painfully slow !
don't sit in the beer garden if you are allergic to bees . there were dozens swarming around .
so crowded and overrated . community bbq is much better . still gets three stars . because bbq .
good duck cassoulet quality steak , with weird flavors hanger steak kind of let down
pretty good bakery style pizza , slices are around and that is a good deal for the area .
went for the bruins game and of their kegs were kicked food was fine but overpriced
service was excellent . stars . if you can't tell the difference between sashimi grade and not , this place is great .
started out great , then slipped to good , now very average . food quality has steadily declined
very busy parking is terrible . u need to order advance if you have lunch hr orders .
good food not good anymore , you need to keep the quality and overpriced now . don't waste your time .
cover . didn't like the house music . drinks were a little pricey .
mothers day sunday brunch . service was not very good . food was good but not great . was hoping for something more
the dim sum we ordered was average but the service was great . will come back to try the hot pot !
great place for drinks great service friendly great atmosphere one of the new places in domain
burger was mediocre and the grey patty was a bit undercooked . the fries are pretty amazing though .
a fabulous dive bar . dark , dirty and cheap . crowded , loud , and fun . enjoy it for all it's worth !
the food is not that great . you pretty much enjoy the whole theme of the restaurant along with family .
the service was terrible but they have crispy home fries which are hard to find in my opinon .
this place is not as good as joe's diner . it is good , however , for milkshakes , and late nights .
it was alright . i had the egg and cheese flour taco with grilled onions . friendly staff and cozy .
food is great , though service is agonizingly slow if you want a sandwich , so plan accordingly .
oh well it's not regular mall food , but still not great .
ohhhhh hipster heb , why , oh why , did you stop carrying md ? why have you done this to me ?
they were utterly dumbfounded by gluten free concept regular soy has lots of hive inducing , stomach churning wheat . mediocre sushi for the price .
not too much to review , only had the bar pizza , and i think it was frozen !
decent black bean burgers , good atmosphere . doesn't compare to farm burger in decatur .
good thai food . favors were different but good . had the pad thai and penang chicken . left satisfied .
don't forget to print out your coupons , makes shopping here worth it !
good food , good service . not the best house margaritas . but the mango daiquiri is delicious !
food's great , service is ok , seating needs some improvement .
forget the food . get the fried ice cream , it even comes with fried bananas .
good pizza , staff are somewhat slow but i really enjoyed the food . great delivery service
jamba . fresh , healthy , timely , holdover til dinner .
yummy food , fast service ! but they didn't provide me with a straw for my drink . this made me sad .
. stars good , not great , korean food that was surprisingly authentic tucked away in nob hill .
pleasantly sterile starbucks location . conforms neatly to expectations .
meh not terribly good but not too bad . kind like a really good movie you don't need to watch again .
only ok . nothing special . if you want fantastic mexican food drive to garibaldis in apopka near the wekiva movie theatre .
update got a call , and the company reimbursed me for having my repair done myself . received my check today !
strange place . worth it for the atmosphere but the food was sub par . pretty disappointing . free shots of vodka though haha
expensive for just ok quality of food and service .
tried their milk tea boba , which was solid . nothing particularly outstanding or horrible about it . service was really nice !
french toast and eggs were good but that muffin must have been the worst i haver ever had
it was ok nothing to rave about . the place in downtown called cafe plantain is much much better .
this place is busy during happy hour . presentation was alright but the rolls fell apart . average food and service .
its the olive garden of mexican food . its alright but good if you can't think of anywhere else to go .
we came during evening hours , so found parking right away . the place had a good , urban vibe .
food was great . i had steak and eggs tacos with toast and a local blueberry preserve .
average mexican place . nothing special .
restaurant is good , server is top notch , food is good but at this location the food is just ok .
very generous portions , a tad pricy for pub food , service was friendly but a little slow .
the ambient is nice . however the food is mediocre as many people commented . the soy sauce is very salty .
all around decent . nothing outstanding and nothing terrible . slightly expensive compared to competitors .
i had great expectations for this place but unfortunately food was mediocre . all i tested was loads of salt .
the food was fine , but i ordered delivery and it was almost an hour late . definitely not worth the price .
scallop soup is good . fish smoke flavor is too much . wine is too pricey .
i ordered pinneapple fried rice . with med heat . it's not hot enough . but good tasting
the blonde bartender is great . love her . the food wasn't . we got chicken tacos and mac and cheese . bleh
this is an average marriott property , fine for a business trip , but not really a destination spot .
be prepared for hipsters . more john deere that quality farm fleet .
decent , vietnamese food . hit or miss on the dishes , depending on days you go . chicken wings are pretty good though !
loved the pool on the seventh floor . great location and friendly staff .
great little local restaurant for lunch . been here a few times . the service was good . i will come back again !
great for soy lovers . not so much for those that can't eat it . they do have a badass kombucha selection though .
great service and good selection , but closed on sundays and terrible parking knock it down .
i wish they had gluten free donuts ! i hear they are amazing but i never get to try any
food quality is always good . could focus more ensuring customers orders are correct . good lunch spot .
good mexican food for an affordable price . good place for families .
fairly moderate dry cleaning services . they are fairly quick however and kind of expensive too .
worth it for the view alone . beautiful glass building overlooking the water in stanley park .
pretty convenient bar in the a terminal portion of pdx . i'm not a microbrew fan so judge for yourself .
definitely good cupcakes . but there are better in austin . id like a better , more eccentric selection .
nowhere to sit , dirty and food was okay . lots to choose from , but crowded and a lot of similar vendors .
what is with the wretched music ? ! ? awesome waitstaff . ok sushi .
server was really nice and the actual restaurant was very clean . the pho was flavorful but way too salty .
good stuff . i'm not bought into the hype , but it's good tex mex and 'ritas .
whole foods quality at bamboo prices . mediocre food . overpriced for the quality of fish .
really great wine selection . depending on who's working , knowledgeable staff . friendly nonetheless . good prices .
recently enjoyed lunch here , experienced some food sickness . ordered the asian seafood egg roll and lobster tail main dish .
the wait staff was very friendly , and the service was great , but the food was just average .
employees are way too aggressive and loud . makes me anxious every time i go in there .
the wraps and smoothies are this place's specialties . good for vegetarians and lunches .
good for true japanese entrees and yes the owners are jerks !
been here a couple of times . decent filipino food with a mix of chinese good .
the business did refunnd the payment after this review . they kept their word which is important .
the lobster bisque and cheese bread are classic appetizers . the seafood nachos are good also . the tilapia is bland .
good service and the lattes are good but everything else is overpriced . food is average .
cool hangout joint . food is mediocre but service is good .
this place is ok if your limited on time definitely go to a hiking trail instead ! not a must see !
decent drinks and food . i ain't mad at it . one thing i would return for is the truffle fries .
nothing special just decorated everyday donuts .
lines and more lines today . not enough registers . sad to see folks standing for what seemed forever . get more cashiers .
best thing about disneyworld is the free and super fast wifi . and thats about it .
service is good . food was good . atmosphere is good . solid restaurant . don't do split check .
no complaints with pizza but was rather disappointed with bruchetta and freshly baked italian bread . nice polite staff .
i like the concept , but it was so expensive !
this hotel is a decent value for its location . it's family friendly , room needs refreshing .
nothing fine about this place . some bagels are good . jammed sitting areas , and not comfortable . three stars max .
nice little coffee shop with quite a few pastry options . three dollars for an iced americano isn't outrageous .
staff was very friendly , food came out fast . pretty heavy seasoning on the chicken but overall a good experience .
cupcakes are ok , for cupcakes , customer service could've been better . very nice location .
good tuna sandwich . not a huge selection of food but what i have had has been good .
would give higher rating if service was better ! food excellent ! atmosphere very nice . service very slow !
ok but not great . good service , nice place but very noisy . felt a little queesy the rest of the night .
great service and excellent atmosphere . stay away from the turkey club . stick with breakfast items . i'll be back .
great spot . super nice crew . decent food . solid staff and service . good selection . good pints . grilled cheese ontuesday .
went there for dinner for the first time padthai was too greasy crab rangoon not too bad
very good pizza at decent price . noisy and unpleasant atmosphere , with music system and tv competing at top volume .
it's ok . line took about minutes . strip joint and pan handlers outside . shady part of town . not family friendly .
food is decent . nothing bad . it is kind of pricey . i like coming here for the strawberry salad . i will come again .
nice mall but had alot of homeless in the restrooms and hangin around the ice rink .
hit or miss on the service . food is good and reliable . definitely packed during any ufc fight .
if you come for the food , you'll likely be pleased . if you come for the service you'll be disappointed .
smaller location . nice pit stop before heading down to the false creek walkway .
they have a redbox . taquitos are almost always old , peanut butter m m's are all out for a week !
place is the definition of mediocre . burger was average and the chicken panini barely had any chicken on the bread .
this is a decent pizza sub shop . the steak tip subs are great as well as the bbq chicken .
used internet ordering for pickup . the order was wrong and started the order when i arrived .
food is decent . just can't believe a restaurant would charge for soda refills . other than that , it's good
never like going through this airport . too big , security too slow
middle eastern food that includes vegetarian and gluten free choices , so there is something for our varied family palates .
a good ambiance and cool place , but the food wasn't all that good .
yes and though its a bit of a novelty especially for tourists i still think that mighty o is better .
nice upstairs spot if you want to escape the mall for awhile
clean , nice looking restaurant , friendly staff , just not very veg friendly . seafood salad was excellent , tofu dish wasn't a favorite .
it's fellini's . it's basic pizza located down the street when we do not feel like going anywhere .
it's a place for asian people release their stress ! fighting ! service is great ! food is suck !
not a ton of variety . not the best rolling technique so it was kind of messy fresh fish though
solid , but the food didn't wow me . a little pricey , but nice atmosphere , which is probably what that relates to .
food and service were both stars , but ? try . thanks for the pint . it was . ok .
food was good , but the service was terrible . i guess a solo patron doesn't warrant much attention .
i think they have the best baked pork chop on rice . portion size is ok . service and cleanliness is so so .
ordered myself a nothing short of delicious cubano , but at that price i honestly could of gotten twice the sandwich elsewhere .
loooog wait , food was ok , had the giant meat platter , mostly good but nothing stand out
really small on the inside , definitely get it to go . food was solid chinese , but way too pricey for size .
soooo . the changes the recipe for the shrimp tacos . not a fan .
nice environment . good beer . service should be more than counter service . food is okay .
efficient airport . plenty of restaurants and a handful of bars . only issue is the tsa line was extra slow
kitschy . okay food . decent service . took kids there for the atmosphere enjoyed the experience .
inconsistent at best . they are always crowded so people accept mediocre consistently . high turnover draw your own conclusion .
they were adept at the diagnosing but customer service was lacking .
food was better than average service was excellent cleanliness seemed fine price is affordable
food was good , prices ok , the wait was long . better off going to hilltop steak house .
good food . not great , but inexpensive , very fast , and reliable . the service is really nice , but pretty hurried .
i've always found panda palace to have standard chinese fast food at standard prices . nothing extreme either way .
good sushi , but kind of hectic and crowded atmosphere . there are cheaper and more serene options .
i've been here twice . both times my burger tasted salty . overseasoned . just an okay place .
campus pizza , how could you go wrong ? that said when it got busy the service turned south . way south .
great food , but the bathroom situation is unacceptable when you are charging . figure it out .
ordered the falafel platter through uber eats . the food was lackluster . not a lot of flavor .
the food is still pretty good , but seen roaches the last two times . not going back for a third strike .
food are delicious . however , the service is really poor . it's small restaurant inside .
it was just okay . nothing too spectacular . portions are small for the price you pay .
not bad for a chain but pretty fatty and greasy for my taste and not cheap
staff was friendly but the food was not very good . the flautas were tasteless , will not comeback
not bad . way too heavy on the condiments , that's practically all i could taste . sometimes , less is more , people .
cheap pizza between mit and central square . the sister restaurant of cambridgeport's own stefani's .
slow service and incredibly loud atmosphere . food was average .
i wrote a update review .
lots of food and shopping options . parking is free after pm savings . great for families with children .
parking attendee lets you in for free if you're dining here . excellent pasta , but overpriced for the portion . good drinks .
alright food . the place is very busy . the guanachapi plate great . they serve freshly squeezed orange juice .
good vibes , average food and below average pricing . asking for wayy too much for eggs
a nice shop but i was completely put off by the tip jar at the counter . tacky !
only open for private events , the belmont is a small , but very cool music venue !
the treadmills need to be updated because they make too much noise when you run past level .
generally quick and friendly service . reasonably priced , tasty food . not impressed with the margaritas classic made with sprite , i think
mean burgers , great location , not much of a place to meet and greet , more restaurant ish
good seafood place and a great place to go with family or on a date .
does anyone know where they went . i heard they started a food cart
first popeyes in the northland area . can't wait .
great sports bar in a friends neighborhood in sellwood . we came for darts and beer and were not let down .
i order the chicken diablo and the beef fajitas . perfect place for dinner with a view of lake travis
overpriced and average food . glad i live close because there is no where to park .
cheese pizza was really good . the decorations at the restaurant are all from new york .
nothing special , prices vs quality of food is average . your basic average breakfast brunch joint .
darn tootin' , if you don't mind the wait . i like the vanilla .
the only store that sells my favorite e juice cut strawberry yummm . this store is quite over priced though .
food was pretty good for being airport food . service could have been a bit more attentive .
great food and drinks , love the burgers and sangria however , service is extremely slow .
the place was a hit or miss on the items we ordered . the patio seating was a nice touch .
this place has a laid back vibe and the prices are great .
food is pricey , wait is long . taste can improve . staff and service was excellent . food looks amazing .
i really enjoyed having dinner here tonight . margaritas on point ! but can have a little more better customer service
very enjoyable , good food and service . try the flaming chorizo and the sangria was yummy .
clams are very good but prices are always higher then other places .
the restaurant has a nice feel , food was good and the server stephanie was very attentive and friendly .
the quality is pretty good if you go at the right time , but it's way too expensive ! per plate
great place to go watch a game . not a great place on st . paddy's they were charge a ridiculous cover .
carry out orders are rarely done in the time committed too . extremely pricey for an otherwise ok pizza .
tasty , nice place and atmosphere . good general restaurant . coffee is average , though . overall a reliable stop .
great for your sushi fix however they have a limited menu .
cute interior , nice staff . good food .
eh it was ok .
the service is soooo slow . we had to called times the waitress , and wait minutes for the food .
fried chicken was okay . hand squeezed lemonade was good ! service was nice . food was quick
let's just say the twisted taco certainly got a makeover .
quite the menu selection . whatever you want . chinese , burgers . whatev's food was surprisingly tasty and fresh . cash only .
great food for a quick bite . very small though . crispy pad tai phenomenal and the service is quick and pleasurable .
holiday ale festival has christmas decoration ornaments dreidel and but to able buys more things for christmas gift .
got the orange slush , and it was really good . however , the service was just so weird . price is reasonable .
still love their pizza !
good taste customer service couldve been better . drink was good though it was expensive .
cobb salad was pretty ok . very nice servers and great atmosphere . food was very average
we finished the rest of the mini savoury pies and we're not impressed enough to return to the pie hole .
service was good , the food was alright and very overpriced !
the food was good but not great for the price . i had the fillet . i'll try something else next time .
it's alright . long wait for an average burger . maybe i will try it again another time .
amazing service . i love the fact that you can sit indoors and outside . just look at the pictures
not bad , small , quaint , great place for a first date cause they are slow .
the staff was friendly , and the location and price were good . however , the hotel itself was old and pretty average .
not too busy but weights are never in order and i hate looking to find a weight . drives me insane
they microwave their beef for the banh mi sad about that .
prices are up and portions are smaller then when opened . disappointed as want to support local business .
chopped chicken cobb with avocado very good and filling . could do without the hard roll
great place to watch a show while eating dinner but the food is not the best i've ever had .
good flavors ! good service good ambience ! ravioli with shrimps ! butternut ravioli tortellini salads even just pasta marinara was gooood !
i like zoe's , because it serves breakfast all day . service and cleanliness leave something to be desired , though .
nice renovation . decent beer tap . good bar food with some new items . i like the tv set up
update i am glad to say that oakley sign and graphics agreed to give me a credit of .
lobster rolls are awesome , calamari is great but the clam fritters i did not care for .
the apple fritters are divine ! everytime i drive by i'm tempted !
corned beef was great . tuna sandwich was okay . servers were a bit hectic and were a bit slower than usual .
it was a decent sized meal and tasted fine just nothing to rave about . tourist prices which is totally understandable .
the woman who runs the sound board is awesome ! the bouncer is pretty abrasive .
the wings here are awesome . just need better waiter waitresses management . took them about minutes to get our drinks order .
i still miss sals .
the coffee drinks are original and authentic . this place is a little dark and gritty though .
do not order flatbread cold leftovers do order buffalo chicken sandwich popeyes w hot sauce blue cheese
food was amazing ! service was mediocre . our waitress seemed very impatient on every interaction .
meh . over hyped gimmickey joint .
grits bar . nice touch ! salmon with blt sauce was a star for me .
decent fair trade coffee . disappointed by the canned whipped cream though . i prefer momento a block away .
small cafe . really popular so there will be a line . a few selections for brunch and they are pretty okay .
its ok and crowded with people that dont know better
rip lee mannix god bless lee to young to pass away
huge menu . great drink prices for happy hour . specialty drinks are . great service . the patio is decent .
easy to use similar to tampa , however i prefer tampa . many more international options .
soft serve ice cream served on a freshly made fish shaped cone with custard inside . friendly staff .
this place definitely bring some interesting people out of the woodwork . to say the least . lol
love their food , but they need to get online ordering back . it's . nobody wants to call anymor
decent bar fair type food . cool atmosphere and plenty of specials . solid happy hour spot or lunch pick .
chicken chipotle was yummy . panera's usually consistent where ever you go . enjoyed the free wifi .
meh . server just left us hangin . food not too amazing . expected german beer on tap . not so .
hadn't had the burgers but little crispy shoestring fries after some drinking are pretty tasty .
meh . no grimaldi's . yes i am a new york snob .
nothing special here just your typical place . for example the noodle appetizer was fettuccine with soy sauce .
food is fresh but lacks zest . employees are friendly and cooperative .
good soft serve ice cream . loved the flavors . nice area to sit and chat . not to many choices to overwhelm .
cajun waffle frys . hand made sausages crafted by meat wizards . strong drink . im happy with franks , you will be too .
food was okay but expensive . probably would not eat there again . the fries and onion rings are good though
small portions of meat , cold and unsatisfying naan . tikka masala was pretty good though . delivery was early
very cool setup and atmosphere , but for a weak cocktail in a plastic cup just doesn't cut it .
really good wednesday night happy hour . the hummus alone is worth a revisit .
it's ok , not the best quality but it's pretty decent . biggest problem is that they don't accept debit .
small plates but nice vibe . lemonade is good but their pineapple juice is really fresh !
incredibly slow . looked like the owner was working and it's insane how slow they were .
delta offers a military lounge to service members and their families .
love this place and the pac man . but who keeps playing the phish ? ! ?
average local chinese food . good customer service .
its good but just a fancier mr . sushi . the sudbury location prepares much tastier sushi rolls .
i ordered hazelnut latte , it was not as good as what i expected . interior design is pretty cool , cozy , relaxing
went a few weeks ago . it was ok ! service was a little slow .
greeting yes vibe texan price moderate br many parking , challenging food decent brisket good ribs sides tasty wigb ? yes
not a bad place to find used stuff . they have a good sized selection of furniture items .
quaint house lights . not worth the long wait or going out of your way . pretty basic but nice
food is nice , but definitely feels way over priced . would go back if it wasn't so expensive .
love eagles get the thick crust . pep and mushroom is killer . great family place . cash only !
woman's clothing only dang ! that said , my wife found some great scores . but i'll let her rate those .
no moving sidewalks . everyone stands on the escalator instead of running up them . sloow
fun atmosphere , great food , good service , and somewhat reasonable prices . portions tended to be a bit on the smaller end .
i had the chicken club , not bad . my sister and in law had wonderful mushroom crepes that were fabulous . i would recommend .
nice to drive through if you're in the area . we stopped and just took pics of the interesting buildings .
friendly staff , good location near the wharf , and good food .
one of the south end's many trendy , funky boutiques . cute little clothing store .
turkey burger was good but the fries were soggy to the point of inedible .
decent diner food ! fast service dough .
i like chipotle . but this location is always out of guacamole and grilled veggies . lame .
good food and good service . really liked their veggie plate . will definitely be back to try more plates .
the quesito was dry and not very good . the espresso was pretty decent . staff was not very friendly sadly
it's a dunkin donuts .
i stopped going because of the d from the health department . i iss the heart melt with breakfast potatoes .
loved that they used to allow dogs . now no ! assuming it must be a liquor food license thing . vancouver !
good food , decent portions , very great price . downside is no parking and the establishment is a little dirty
snacks good , drinks good , lottery good . meat bad .
classy . small but lovable . i've been to some pretty skeevy gaybars , this was not one of them
definitely trying to be whole foods with not as much variety or quality . i'll take it in a bind though .
great food for catered parties ! regarding takeout delicious pizza . salads are too small . main entrees overpriced staff are friendly helpful
good , cheap , huge , sushi . fun place to get decent sushi for a good price .
pretty good place to grab some food and drinks if you are in the mood for more of a scene .
the food was acceptable , but nothing that impressed me . the oysters we're not good and just chewy .
the food is good but its all a'la carte so its a little pricey ! wasn't expecting that i would recommend .
authentic south indian food but the place can improve it's cleanliness . the tables and chairs were not cleaned .
i came here for my birthday and besides the long wait and inconsiderate hostess , the experience was decent .
good breakfast place . nice waitress . i had kelly's super . it's a lot and i haven't finish them . but it's great ! '
service always friendly but , a little slow . food is great it's a neighborly place and i love that !
decent food , nothing too amazing . service can be slow at times , but good on the whole
the spiced pumpkin latte is pretty awesome . 'nuff said .
old school boston hotel bar . you can't really say much more than that .
good was very good . had the lamp chops claireece . huge wine list but need to drop the bc wines .
o
relaxing lounge away from non regular traveler that dont know where to go ! its calm and great !
they have good food , but horrible customer service . the older gentleman with glasses is very rude .
service was excellent . sushi was decent . miso was weak . sunomono was terrible .
dillon is a great bartender ! decent drafts they have my fave strongbow !
good cupcake ! nom nom ! great atmosphere i felt welcome as soon as i walked in the door , a must try !
good happy hour however they don't have any beer darker than an amber which is highly disappointing .
we ordered the house special noodles , spicy wontons and soup dumplings . very mediocre ! wasn't anything to write home about .
great bagels and bagel sandwiches . the place could use a remodel .
overpriced , typical american chinese food . however , it's a fun ambiance ! for more authentic food , go to dumpling house near harvard square .
sandwich tasted good but needs to be comprised of way less bread , way way way more filling !
the restaurant and menu were cool . the wait staff was really helpful . the food , on the other hand , was mediocre .
food was good . pad thai was great , crispy spring rolls were over cooked and fried rice was almost all onions .
constantly has long lines with only one person working . about what you expect from the usps these days .
always happy to support a non chain . ice cream is ok .
really nice place with a simple decor . they have a fantasic rooftop too for great happy hours in the summer !
i really like the menu and the beer selection is great but the service , especially at the bar is lacking
i had the chef dan mac n cheese and the black bean hummus , it was good .
nice staff but the food is nothing special . margarita pizza and drinks are good
good food . lots of tvs . friendly staff . nachos are ok . they have trivia for the kids . a little pricey .
enjoyed the white tea . atmosphere was slightly generic but served its purpose . wifi was strong .
slow . good bread , but slow slow line . they should spend a bit of time optimizing how they operate .
it's good , and interesting . good coffee . good ambience and friendly staff . more inventive than delicious but worth a stop .
ok . friendly service but needs better dessert menu .
this place is in a nice location . the burgers are the best in florida but customer service needs big improvement .
quick , efficient and friendly . need i say more !
beautiful view of the river , with outside seating on the deck . sensible prices and decent food .
a good place for a stop and go snack . pizza slices are thin crust and flavorful . i enjoyed it !
ok veggie food quick service good healthy alternative while traveling
ok . but i prefer pho hong . the beef noodle is good .
nice rooms and pleasant staff . walking distance to the conference center when the sun is shining .
good for a greasy burger , some fries and a shake . would not recommend for healthier food .
pro good place to see a show . the ushers were helpful . cons parking and over priced drinks .
homemade tortillas . i love their fish taco and variety salsa sauces . their beef are a little too dry for my taste .
warning . this place is inside a yoga studio so there are sweaty half dressed people around
loved their queso chips . the fish mr . pink and beef tacos came with cold tortilla and tasted . meh .
closed maybe just for winter ? just drove by and the whole place is gone no smoker , nothing .
bring back the goat cheese toast for heaven's sake . the chef is a moron for taking this off the menu .
looks better than it tastes . the brisket taco was alright but everything else i tried was subpar .
we went for brunch . menu was more like a regular us brunch menu than french . food was not great .
the prices were just right for the huge serving sizes . it's pretty good , i had the carne asada .
food is just ok . service is non existent .
its a drug store . it has the stuff you need . very large . easy to get to .
was recently contacted by the dealership in an effort to remedy the situation , which they did , very fairly .
it was fine definitely more of a cocktail bar happy hour spot than a serious restaurant .
great fancy japanese restaurant downtown but often difficult to get a booking . price is high for high quality food mostly .
fun memorabilia but food is nothing special
let down
beautiful interior , great haircut . however , customer service could be better , not as friendly .
. for oz coffee ? ok . forgot our fruit cup . good florentine benedict .
great place week day mornings . any other time orders are not correct .
very clean , fun decor , great service . we ordered kal bi , beef bulgogi , katsu , and mandu . meh . actually super disappointed .
it was okay pizza . had much better at california pizza kitchen . plus beer cost each .
i wasn't impressed by the lab for kids at all . otherwise it's a beautiful outdoor space .
food was ok but priced very high . the ambiance was pretty unique , so loved that part .
great ice cream but one guy making cones and serving on a busy saturday night ? that's a fail .
the food is okay but the orange chicken is way too sweet .
its a fun location for drinks around havard university . their clam chowder is delicious but entres were just ok .
ambiance is great for two . very intimate yet hip environment . the food . not so much . overpriced , over the counter taste .
their price is a little lower , but spokes bikes are a lot better .
clean location as if circa . if you ate here you probably recently preformed or had surgery
very slow service . waited mins after being seated . ordered nachos . came with a sparse amount of cheese . way over priced . stay away .
a little bit expensive and not enough to eat . the place in newbury is super nice though .
burgers are only decent but the shakes are the reason to keep coming back .
average food . decent service . nothing memorable . i was hoping for more full , bold favors and that just weren't there .
cool trashy shit ! perfect for college students to explore crap . i got a nice star wars poster here
it is my go to place for coffee when in dedham . the staff is great and the prices are perfect .
great frozen yogurts and gluten free . sadly though , their employee hates his job and has never heard of smiling .
ok for a quick south east asian food that is not full of soy sauce , but nothing extraordinary !
i love this place i always get the chicken alfredo with the fetticucci pasta extra bread
big ole' sports bar right next to fenway , must be incredibly packed during sox games . is what it is .
average grilled cheese . i can get better at volle nolle . still worth trying given how boston's limited food truck roster .
great starting bar . only problem is that they don't have any finger food i . e . tortilla chips , peanuts .
extremely expensive . nearly twenty dollars for breakfast . it was a good size and delicious but not worth the price .
usually very reliable . however surprised that they ran out of burgers and i had to order elsewhere , so disappointed tonight .
my new favourite s . indian restaurant ! good service , good food .
pretty decent coffee spot . i don't really have much negative to say . just know there isn't anything amazing either .
great for groups . very classic fare , the spinach salad and mushroom raviolis were particularly food .
a decent home depot . a decent selection of moving supplies , their boxes are in general cheaper than costco .
went to comedy open mic night , it was pretty entertaining . also had a slice of pizza that was pretty good .
brewpub friendly and fast moving with decent beers and food . nothing terribly special in the food line , but still good enough .
good for a quick bite . food was ready on time when ordered on yelp . the quality is average , not bad .
very good stromboli , good sauce , helpful staff , but just a little pricey , especially for the draft beer .
great bargain . i love hawthorne suites !
slow service , appears to be new untrained staff all the time . croissant was not very good and cold .
hotel is clean and nice . valet dept needs lessons in valet etiquette . very slow and need service skills improved .
usually clean and has good wifi . restroom is locked and no restroom anywhere nearby can be problematic !
gave this place another chance and it's been consistently good . had to update my review .
frozen fries and falafel . decent everythung else . not one employee wearing a mask while handling food .
best chips and salsa on the east coast . not a huuuuge fan of the food .
i really like this place , but please fix your cashier system . they are not helpful and unrepectful to customer .
it was very convenient to my location . they had some nice freshly made deli salads .
good food , not great for the high prices , terrible service . what else can i say .
food is good but the chick working today should fix her attitude . you're probably gonna lose customers .
good option for good bar food and cheap drinks . get there as early as possible during football season .
decent company . needs to follow up on commitments for documentation and home updates
first food cart you must eat at . the trio fajita burrito is to die for . get extra shrimp .
good food , great decor , but a bit over priced for quality .
the memphis mania was really good , but it was . . the person working the register was less than friendly .
food drinks high rating . service at the bar and at the table not so much .
i've driven past , seen the lines . i heard it's good .
i received an apology for the issue . not sure when we'll give it another try , but i'm sure we will .
they don't serve authentic indian food , but it ain't bad . try their masala fries , it's good .
good italian food including fish , chicken , veal and pasta . nicely decorated high ceilings good service . nice bar , waiter very knowledgable .
vegetarian nachos for happy hour were yummy . the craft beers were a hit or a total miss .
they host free classes almost every weekend . usually about an hour . attended the iphone photography class . learned some cool tricks .
okay food , taste is better , could improve the park space
brunch is back ! slow service , but the bottomless mimosas now . are still amazing .
they did a great job with my son's hair turning a frizzy afro top into a sleek young man style
decent pizza , locally owned , open late .
it was good pizza , i wouldn't say best in boston . claims brick oven but they didn't look like it
pretty good food . the lady who took my order was very nice too .
good lunch place . food is decent although not extremely memorable , well priced and fast service .
this place was great and i got a pretty nice cut
tacos were good , margarita was very good , salsa was average . i liked the atmosphere for a quick taco dinner .
pretty decent . the wild salmon sashimi was the best item this time .
expensive . badly cut fish . good service . there are many better other seafood restaurants in the boston . avoid this entire chain .
the beer here is pretty hoppy . they have a great patio outback . it is always filled with columbus hipsters .
cheap but so crowded . you seriously have to bully your way around . be ware ! best time is am
great service and cheap . pizza is greesy and not much tomato sauce . overall good .
bar dance club that is great . great place for drinking with a group of friends and enjoy beer .
the food was ok . service was average . nothing to rave about but you'll get a decent meal for the price .
new owner i think . it just wasnt the same as i remembered . food not as good anymore .
i was expecting fall off the bone ribs , but they wasn't . the atmosphere was good and customer service , fantastic .
ate at bar . had clam chowder and greek salad , friend had salmon . was good but nothing amazing . was packed !
not a fan of having a menu that has probably a hundred beers and no michelob ultra .
one word expensive . no qualms on the quality of work but this place is price comparable to the dealership .
nice place . the irish waitress is hilarious . she is very sweet and full of energy . the food is okay .
had breakfast today . all was as expected . but i had some oatmeal , can you imagine a kitchen without any cinnamon ?
really like the jalapeno cream sauce . the tres leches cake is great . food is tex mex .
not your average airport , a lot more shops , restaurants , roomy gate areas . very pricey , security line is always long .
i've had many doughnuts and these were okay . we had the regular blackbird and the s'mores donut
they didn't give me a free sample when i know they do that the donuts are good though
nice place , good food but wayyyyyy too crowded all the time
it's a popular franchise the world over for a reason . good coffee served quickly .
ugh , terrible migas eggs with mushy queso . lose one star .
not a showroom for individual customers . industry supply store . even though the delta website calls it a showroom .
excellent food , fun vibe , staff and bartender could be friendlier .
nice place . seafood was really fresh , but under seasoned .
okay , yes , frozen yogurt is so freaking good . but . i'm not happy about pinkberry's limited menu p
from the times i've been there the stores have been pretty neat . but i wasnt too impressed by the selections .
a bit over priced for menu items which aren't really any different from most breakfast places
great friendly staff . not exactly always prompt , but definutely worth the money for their enthusiasm !
great burgers and some of the worst table cleaning in town . filthy tables every time i come in .
good stuff location , good selection of movies , comfortable seats bad stuff long lines , poor service , crowds
the fellinis of american italian restaurants . simple , cheap , and not too bad .
good service , a little pricey . likely the best place to get steak in columbus .
burgers just ok for the price . milkshakes are great though . try the oregon . skip the mac and cheese . unless you like soupy .
pretty cakes . had an apple baked dessert that wasn't overly sweet however it wasn't memorable either .
had a nice dinner , fancy and good service . dont know if i will come back though .
service is usually slow , the view is great from the deck and the baja fish tacos are the best around !
the soft shell crab is good but didn't give my green tea . just too many sushi restaurants .
not too bad but not the greatest . salmon a burger . the cheese tasted like government cheese not really melted .
good food , decent service . best to get reservations or you will be waiting a long time !
nice ambiance . food . not exciting but with a decent close to homemade southern meal .
really delicious food and drinks ! super slow service . honestly i'd pick another spot for dinner .
interesting menu ! i thought the staff was very friendly . i got the wonton soup and it was good .
food was okay but i've had better . the serve staff were not very friendly and slow as well .
good ice cream but the place is dirty . need a health inspection !
average food , clean place . friendly staff . would come back if near the place . they took too long with our check .
good quality dim sum , which is hard to find in downtown . only thing is that this place is way overpriced .
nice alternative . the yucca fries are a treat .
needed quick bite in lake oswego . margarita pizza was good . kid friendly and nice staff .
prices are good , be sure to check the expiration date . the cashiers can be sort of rude sometimes .
don't expect speed , but the location is convenient right next to universal
the mussels were great and a great price , but the entrees pricy for the portions , but good ! drinks were soso .
way over priced . a bean and cheese burrito is . the staff is friendly and building was clean .
service was a little slow , but i had a delicious bloody mary and omelette . would definitely come here again .
cool atmosphere , good beers , slooooooooooooooow service . i think they had to go brew the beers we ordered .
like coupons and rewards program , but have had to wait too long for vans , especially at international terminal
this place had great sandwiches and milkshakes . the sandwiches were on the smaller size .
. stars for me as these guys certainly have a good really large collection of mid century modern but overpriced
clean place , very busy , efficient , attentive to the customer . don't order the grilled chicken wrap . it's kind of gross .
apt jean's fit me , we'll i'am a hard fit , ok . and barnes and noble is here .
delivery took a long time . tacos were okay . a little underwhelming considering i had high expectations of austin . visiting .
could be a little better on service . owner responds to concerns . that's is appreciated .
eclectic and cozy environment . ordered the hot chocolate and it was a bit watery for me .
better than the calories at dq but can get quite pricey . really like the idea behind it though .
small bar setting . okay ribs , great fresh cut fries , mac n cheese was a little different but good .
way overpriced for an iced latte ! the patio was cool . the staff were friendly and engaging
coffee tastes just above average . the layout is nice looking but cramped and there were gnats everywhere .
good wings average beer selection the draft is your typical bar but i have never had a bad experience .
i was not too impressed given the high prices . pastries we're pretty good but i probably wouldn't go back .
decent burger , fries didn't taste like garlic parm fries . menu isn't too exciting either . nothing special
things get really busy around lunch time . try the club med chicken , it's pretty good .
a really long wait for quite average brunch food . the service was good though . but i don't understand the hype .
wax focuses on natural beauty treatments and is environmentally friendly . the aestheticians and staff were knowledgable .
was getting busier as the night went on . sure this is a very popular bar good atmosphere .
good place , italian food , family place and good staffs . saladas and soups its ok . not excellent but its good
free refills on aguas frescas horchata and watermelon great home made chips juicy pork expensive ''guacamole''
bad scrambled eggs , ok service , good pancakes , bad potatoes , good omelette . average spot .
always good and interesting flavor combinations . a bit slow on the service due to a packed house at brunch .
cappuccino is average . the place looks cool bike shop and a coffee machine . interesting combination .
great tex mex food and an incredibly kind wait staff . it's pretty pricey for what it is .
the rate was solid and it has a great location . shower and ac worked well .
excellent wood fired pizza . the special was good as well . thought the wine list could have been a little larger .
overpriced . innovative . excellent service . probably won't go back . did i say overpriced ?
tasty but only pieces of falafel in the sandwich ? bummer .
standard olive garden food and service . nothing exceptional or insanely substandard about this one .
it is a bar scene with typical bar food . the people watching and the social scene is where its at .
diced , spiced chicken with java rice salad , so good with tahini and hot sauce . a cheap , filling , repeatable meal .
my first meal in boston . the falafel combo wrap is pretty darn good , if a bit salty .
good food , atmosphere needs some help the service is average .
it was just okay . the cream was too dense . other people in my party enjoyed their cheesecake over the cannoli .
good food , excellent potatoes au gratin , atmosphere is chaotic . i always feel rushed when i come here to eat .
i can't handle spice so their sizzling beef is nice but not a red star
i think the pastries are too sweet . but the girl who works there offers good services .
very average food . wish they had better restaurants here in cobb
good neighborhood place . great deal on twin lobsters . . . however no sides were served with them .
really awesome selection , but expensive , especially for a middle eastern market . a jar of avjar runs over dollars .
their fish soup is pretty good . the menu is limited , but still a nice place to hangout .
this place would be great if they didn't get so overly crowded , also a little expensive
very good and cheap food . complete with soup and veggies for verr cheap but tasty food
interesting selection but is any ice cream worth waiting in line with a bunch of hipsters for m for ?
good selection of beer , better than average food , but service was sub standard . staff made their best to ignore us .
really wish they had an espresso machine , and or sunrise rolls . that's the only reason i go to great harvest .
been there and the service food bad and have been there when the service food was excellent ! not consistent .
honestly this place is great , but my chicken and shrimp lunch was disgusting , dollars gone to waste .
fuddruckers has good food , but the orders were switched and everyone got a different meal than what was ordered
pretty fun bar w dancing . it's also close to all the other night life . i think you'll like it .
i was disappointed . there were flames and interactive elements . the ride jerks you around a bit .
just heard from a friend that apparently michi doesn't work there anymore ! heartbreak !
kind of expensive . kind of not very tasty aka bland . kind of why people are meh about texmex in austin .
visited this restaurant on a thursday during happy hour , food was mediocre , portion was fair .
great food . but our kids meal came out minutes after my food was done . kids meals should come first .
food was good , atmosphere lacking , too pricey . tortillas are yummy . kids enjoyed the fish ponds .
ordered a delivery and got the house fried rice , lemon chicken , fried wontons , and salad rolls . nothing spectacular .
decent place for happy hour . never terribly wowed by the food , and service is meh .
lot of food for the money . ordered the medium caesar salad it's huge more lettuce than anything .
the sushi is fine . nothing really special about this spot . it's not fine dining , more of a causal place .
like this shop very reasonable price and a ton of selection fir your garden .
more mexican food from slopped from the steam table . rio grande has more windows than juanita's . rio's margaritas are legendary .
it's fun every now and again . great shows . but always smells like straight body odor .
they were a little too crispy but the flavors were dynamite . coffee can be described as average imho .
ex
taco cabana is always good , cheap , fast and fresh tex mex food .
decent for a weekend brunch . i wasn't bowled over by it . maybe better for a dinner ?
traffic go get there is terrible service average spaces inside are quite small
food is pretty good . good family destination . pizza average , entrees seem prepared well .
not a fan of cannolis in general but i guess these were the best ones i've ever had
i had high expectation . tried the trio crab , shrimp and lobster with my friends . not a big fan .
my favorite place for bagels and lox or leo omelets . always crouded , service varies from ok to slightly rude .
a very shady looking place . limited choice of wine .
decent driving range with the mix of bowling style food and booths
the food was really good . the smell inside the place made us want to eat outside .
lovely atmosphere and a great place to go for drinks . but skip the food ! very bland , less than average food .
decent mexican food and great ambience they have good lunch options for a good price .
bumping one star up , since i've discovered their beef tendon noodle soup
error .
it's ok , the food isn't bad , a serving is a little small and the service is slow . might come back
reasonably good food . the buffet was too sparse . the dining room was depressing . but the staff was very friendly .
a haiku review of marrakesh moroccan food joint . sit on pillows and eat meat . not for everyone .
. ! upgrading half a star food is starting to get much better . however coffee is still terrible .
big airport easy with tram , decent vendors in the terminals . can be over crowded and lines can be long .
not too much ambience , but the house wine is surprisingly good . bartenders are awesome and the food was great .
famous for crawfish but they didn't have any when we went . the salmon is great though !
my second favorite starbucks location . main street in weymouth is
food was good , but not spectacular . no a c . cash only . i'd go next door to anchovies .
my burrito was ok . nothing special other than the weight . the thing must have weighed pounds .
average food and for the quality is overpriced . it is conveniently located if you forgot lunch .
food was good , portions little small , great environment and fun reading the qoutes on all the walls from famous people .
not really french , but more north african in food , decor and general vibe . not bad though .
nice patio , and dog friendly . appetizers were so so . happy hour pricing was good , and the independence stash ipa was really good .
yeah it's good . but i don't get the hype and long waits .
this one is one of the few gas stations that also has a car wash . not touch less though .
if you like nice old school pub atmosphere the hungry toad won't let you down .
just an average chinese buffet . good service . seems to be family owned .
not as the pictures show . the dessert menu was ice creams and one huge cake ! that was about it !
i had brunch here once . it was tasty food but a little over priced . service and atmosphere was good .
cheap beer . saw a jazz band play with no extra cover charge . a ok
not the best food but such a homey place
our experience was just ok . portland has many many other places that i would come back to .
spring rolls are small . pho dac biet was delicious . wish it was bigger ! nice aquarium . workers were kinda chatty .
marinara tasted just like plain tomato paste . the pizza crust was rubbery . the service was good .
didn't live up to the hype . not a kid friendly place . buffet is mediocre . tablet limit too high .
best burger in town . great drink selection . poor service . we were ignored for a larger party
your typical mcds . they will mess up your order there's a real dollar menu get the buffalo ranch mchicken mmmmm
good pizza subs . reasonable prices . nice casual place to visit after spending the day at the zoo .
great evening , pretty good food , great service . however , the smoker on the patio killed it for many .
just ok for me . not as good as it use to be . wouldn't go out of my way for it .
favorite dish is the wood grilled lobster dish . service was good . not many customers there .
i only had the shepherds pie and found it rather bland . ill have something better next time .
gonzo . but still another pizza place
three years ago i gave a glowing review of rl . they had properties to manage and now .
good enough for a college margerita joint . prices are decent , food was fresh , place was very clean and cozy .
they don't have dishes . they have menus . food is good . nothing to complain about but nothing spectacular .
good coffee . terrible , dry lemon coffee cake
good but overrun with flies and insects . i hate swatting things when i am trying to eat !
average ramen , cashu pork is underwhelming . if this is the best cbus can offer then it's a bit disappointing
con long wait . pro great big blt sandwich and yummy food !
spaghetti it's okay . it's watery on sauce . not impress . my boyfriend ordered baked ziti . he said it's okay .
i will not go here again for a burger , blah . the strawberry lemonade was delicious however .
food is very normal , there are tons of other places , where you can eat good thai . over hyped !
austin , tx decent place for lunch . quick service . pre order before you sit down . chicken sandwich and salmon salad was good .
food is nothing special . the deserts are interesting and yummy . i mean you can't really go wrong with chocolate fondue .
yeah , just don't . airport food in a sit down restaurant should be quick descent . it's neither .
awesome atmosphere but service is slooooow .
just ok . banyan books in kits is way better .
sat at the bar for minutes , had to ask bartender for a menu . the catfish poboy was great .
decent service . food was ok . the steak salads was good . the soup was cold . drinks were cheap .
good shit . mm good . service was ok . what can i say ! illl try again another day ! that's all folks .
nice food , good mood , cool prices
a solid three star local joint . they loose a star for high prices for such small portion sizes .
alright food but excellent ambiance . good place for a date and to spend extra . portland downtown looks stunning .
minus two stars because they no longer allow smoking on the roof deck .
they have to order forks n knives and clean their seats . other than that my mcgriddle was amazing !
the food was good , but not out of this world . the service was horrendous ! extremely slow and a rude waiter .
had the flounder with stuffed crab meat and it was average . our waitress was great and had an excellent personality .
good place to call for delivery . food arrived fast and tastes nice . their lunch price is a real steal .
wasn't really impressed by flavor or portion size . i ordered oxtails and brown stew chicken .
i order the buffalo wings extra crispy and porno hot .
yelp needs to specify that they stop serving food at pm !
the vacuum could be a little stronger as of . enough to suck out sand perhaps . lol
decent coffee , not too far from the hotel . line moved quick and prices were good .
great food , good service , deliver is on point and on time plus there open late is always a plus
nothing special but a solid choice for quality takeout . quick service and clean establishment , ladies working there are very nice .
would've been a really good clean . however , i just noticed a scratch on me vehicle ! very frustrating .
good food , pleasant people . grainy wood atmosphere . nice place . brunch .
ambiance is nice price is the same as a sit down restaurant though , dissapponted in that .
i enjoy their lime rickeys and ice cream selections
please pick up your trash , keep your cigarette butts and beer cans with you and leave your radios at home .
what can i say if you are a gator's fan or a yuppie , you will love this place .
food good , atmosphere ok , staff lacking , price too high for the product . . .
good beers . good service . didn't like the calamari .
good enough . quick . cheap prices . cozy family looking hut .
starting to come here more often . a better scene then most clubs n the music is decent too
i really expected more from this shop . clothes are ugly , few dresses . good furniture and glasses .
slooooooow service . staff is friendly but seems that universal forgot to staff for the season . food was good .
sad , but grace is no longer working at new image salon .
grilled cheese nice , but not a lot of space here , and too cold to be outside . very friendly staff .
pretty good food and atmosphere but their servers are awful . they need to hire older more experienced servers
great burger with a good atmosphere but get here early or plan to wait
decent buffet . the grits were nice and creamy . eggs were soft . you could request ur own custom omelet
average but still near the best you can do for boston mexican food . stick with the classics burrito or quesadilla .
need a quick donut , roll or muffin after you land in portland ? stop here .
nothing special about this mcdonalds . they messed up my order a couple of times . drive tru is relatively fast .
this was my first time eating peruvian food in atl . ceviche was really fresh and tasty .
average food , average service . overpriced when considering the quality of food , location , and service .
typical diner . good breakfast . very nice staff . very clean and lots of room . seems to be a great family spot .
pretty standard curry house . naan is above average .
food is standard pub food . nothing special . came on a slow lunch day and the service was horrible .
vegan options limited . to go portions bigger . gamer sports bar atmosphere . delicious blackberry blueberry cider . good first date meet up .
good pizza , nice beer selection , decent service . better than your average local college bar .
expensive but the food aren't expensive . it's about for two people and i wasn't even full .
food was mostly good . felt uncomfortable , it seemed that no one over the age of worked there .
not a bad place beers are worth trying . food is colossally average but not bad .
i believe the guys that started it have recently sold it . you may have notice a change in service .
good food if you're drunk , pretty bad food if you're not . it all depends on your state .
i enjoy their meatball subs in the afternoon by the greenway . i suggest you try it sometime
price is quite expensive , slices are thin . fresh sashimi . would recommend only if you are near stadium chinatown area .
just regular donuts , really nothing extraordinary . they were good but not amazing enough to stand in line for .
very good service and ambiance but the food was spendy for mediocre taste . cocktails were interesting .
cozy and cute place . i'm glad this diner is in my neighborhood . i will probably come again .
don't do takeout here . its that simple . no idea why they advertise something they cannot do .
nice decor . simply stopped for a quick drink . decent beer , but basically no choice for wine .
not a bad place for a drink . pool tables are nicely felted . haven't tried the food yet .
not as good as the one at penn field . the staff seemed a little sub par on service at this one .
sonic cherry limeades are amazing along with coney dogs , slushes , ocean water , tatar tots , burgers and more !
pleasant atmosphere , and very good attentive service . food was good , but nothing special . somewhat expensive .
good place for the town for a quick bite , clean and tasty
the food is solid , but nothing special . i thought it was a bit expensive .
the limeaid is good , but i wasn't crazy about chicken pita pizza . the chicken salad was ok , taste fresh .
pho was good but the broth was a little weak . it was bit trendy for me . also not kid friendly
good service , turkey was good . the ribs and brisket was dry and old . i will give them one more try .
good pizza , but they're superslooooow . takes like forever to get your pizza ready plus too expensive . tastes delicious though .
too noisy on weekend nights . not enough vegetarian tapas options . probably worth going here once .
over priced for the service they provide . granted they have free beer . but still isn't worth it .
got charged twice after we left . they got rid of the friendly staff . unfortunately they are not what they were .
a really nice place for brunch and pie ! we had the eggs and home made biscuit ! delicious !
quick service and pretty decent . standard mexican food found around austin . no complaints but just not a stand out .
way too spicy and over seasoned food . i'm indian yet in not getting the popularity of this place .
expensive prices . croissant a little too light and fluffy for my preference . nice atmosphere . cute little shop .
we had panera catered at work today . i really enjoyed their steak and arugula sandwich . it was quit yummy .
was ok . one size pizza and fairly skimpy when adding toppings . will stick with mod !
shio ramen can . miso ramen can . butchigiri gyoza can .
after renovation . it is not the same hayakawa as before . it becomes a pure sushi place . and pricier . they don't have charashi any more .
friendly staff . ordered the curry . it was ok . rice , tofu , curry . no frills . degrees inside .
food was okay , service was incredibly slow . not bad , but not stellar .
the people were super nice but my manicure chipped within hours . very disappointing
they had what i wanted . only place in the city for an echo harp c g harmonica !
the food was okay , might be bland for some . menus are all in chinese which makes ordering difficult for some !
they took down the old sign . was that the stupidest thing there ever did ?
very very slow . no sense of urgency in the open kitchen . solid food . solid atmosphere . solid location .
ok theatre . nothing special but its not crappy either . comfortable seats and ok showtimes .
we weren't especially excited by anything here . no ambience food unexciting and generally just a place to eat something .
overpriced but good environment . very small portions .
cookies were delicious a year ago , but they seem to be less fresh now more likely to be hard
a good way to travel with little to no traffic
street parking , museum and gift shop , open from m f and sat
good selection but the quality lately leaves a lot to be desired !
love their chili , chicken caesar salad , and baked potato . this location is nicer than most .
nice little joint with exceptional service . food was just ok . not offensive , but nothing i'll be craving .
lovely environment in a great location , but poor quality plumbing and several customer service problems marred our stay here .
had the lamb and lobster popovers for dinner a couple of times . there's a lobster omelet that's decent , too .
ordered a meatball and a cold sub . both were ok . i've had better .
the dim sum here is ok . nothing to write home about . dinner specials for is pretty good .
nothing fancy but it deserves its prices still a good choice for a normal dinner .
just ok . prefer rudys . probably will not go back . parking was limited . service was okay .
nice spot for ice cream . no issues with these guys . run by younger high schoolers . never had an issue here
a bit pricey for dinner but otherwise very reasonable food . patio is very nice !
food is average , not the best ramen . cute ambiance and the staff is really friendly ! it's in a great location .
the meals we've had here have all been fine . casual place so perfect for an easy quick dinner after class .
get the lunch special lots to choose from and enjoy students can't go wrong
love the food . hate the fact that they charge for white meat chicken .
oxtail soup is amazing . it was so yummy . i would go back for that soup . people are nice and welcoming .
nice enough place . clientele is a little on the weird side . if you're an eccentric person definitely stop by .
it was decent for a fast greek restaurant . the portions are large but i felt like the flavor was lacking .
food is good , coffe sucks ! the price is a little higher then it needs to be .
sooo expensive dollars for icecream yikes . good but over pricedhshshshshshshshshshs
unexpectedly lovely atmosphere and unique food for the area . but have some pepto handy . i'm just sayin' .
i don't think they're open for dinner anymore . their website and phone lines are useless .
good flavors but overpriced food and inattentive , erratic service .
all new ihop including owners , look make over gives this place a boost . quick courteous service by danielle !
a little too expensive and pretentious for the quick lunch break . food's pretty good though .
service is okay . shack stack was oily . restaurant and table smelled bad . won't come back .
better than average airport food , but kamikaze roll way too salty . for a very small roll .
cute little establishment . if you are in to mediterranean food you will enjoy . great location in the seaport area .
a haiku review of skyline tavern is this place for real ? feels like a neighbors backyard . nice westerly views .
the french dip sauce wasn't good at all . thought the sandwhichs were just ok and over priced .
went last night , standards are back up . the last time we had went it was sub par .
great pho and spring rolls . just don't look in the kitchen .
nothing impressive like some of the other indian street establishment in atlanta . good quantity
service was very slow . hostesses was very rude . food was decent but could have been better .
not sure if the coffee is any good , but they do have gluten free bagels ! yum !
always love it when a company listens to customer reviews . look forward to going back and giving menchies another shot .
average food , food court atmosphere . staff are surprisingly professional and friendly , have never gotten sick eating here .
please stop getting my order wrong .
cook indian food real authentic . i ordered the garlic na with chicken masala and rice was delicious
really delicious highly recommended ! i had the egg and cheese on ciabatta with potatoes . everything was very flavorful .
it's fine sushi , a little overpriced and their hours are strange . i think there are better options in columbus .
small inside , but quick service . well priced and food is nice and fresh . not the biggest selection , but still good !
pizza in giant slices and not bad taste . i'm unfortunately the saturday night trivia is boring .
excellet , exept sunday when i returned to the hotel at pm my room wasnt ready .
table service was good . like the ice tea options . burger and fries were way way too salty .
their falafel isn't very flavorful , but their hummus has a nice , smooth texture .
not sure what the hype is . good thai but not worth putting on any shortlist .
this place is a bar in a touristy area that also happens to serve food . overpriced seafood .
had the cinnamon roll and hubby and i thought they were good . however , ive had much better
chill vibe . pretty servers . reasonable prices for a typical downtown granville st pub . designated hangout for whitecaps fans .
over priced mexican food with not big enough portions .
this place has a great atmosphere . unfortunately to food was not was expected for the price we paid .
we came here for dim sum and the food was average , nothing spectacular . service was alright , nothing to complain about .
go get yourself some real pizza . but if it's late and you got the midnight munchies go for it .
this place is always quick and cheap . great little sub shop .
i guess you're paying upper end rates because of location . just an ordinary stay with free internet only in the lobby .
sing songs . drink . repeat . what else can you say about a bar that serves jello shots in turkey injecters
not super impressed . the sweet potato fries where great , but the chicken pesto panini sandwich had no flavor at all .
good food staff was okay . the manager skipped my table and asked people on other tables . maybe deadphobic ?
worth going to at least once for the view alone . i went during a snow storm . beautiful .
tasty american breakfast but portion was too big . garden omelette is highly recommended
the special ramen is too salty . the pork bun is pretty good . the vegan noodle is tasty
this place has a great atmosphere , servers are nice and the food is pretty good .
burger was good , nice friendly atmosphere . didn't like the fries the taste didn't match well with the burger .
had the wonton with rice noodles . there were only in the bowl . boo .
service was poor , food quality was average for most dishes , some were poor , bit overpriced for what you get .
lovely people that work there , but the pho has just one note . bland .
over a star but not quite . good ribs and chicken . solid sides . like sonny's quality
beer was good . the girls here were rude and gave a little attitude . environment is chill .
bad service ! shout at us to wait . can not bear this kind of service . one more star to the food
if you must eat on newbury street , not a bad option .
it was okay . standard flavors . the crispy noodles were pretty good and the lumpia too .
the food is decent had the mini paisa . the arepa was delicious , the newt tender . good customer service
i got the jerk chicken under cooked cabbage and plantain , burnt jerk chicken . save your money .
meats not great , or a lot , or a good value . pizza was decent , and better than east boston .
great place for al fresco in the summer .
best bbq in the city and the prices are good .
a little better than ru sans . good food but not the bomb of all sushis
good food . but wtf . is up . with the new server shirts it doesn't feel like tony c's anymore !
i only like that you can drink good local tap beer and bowl . other than that it's ok .
i'm happy getting ready for halloween festivities and coming here . makes it so convenient . great collection of party supplies .
food is ok . service is lacking . used to be much better . drinks are great !
good , but pricey . one of the few places to get a decent meal before a show at the fox .
superb pizzas on friday nights , although wait times become unpredictably long and they regularly get orders confused . frustrating
the food was too decadent laden with sugar and oil for me to consider returning .
didn't really find that great was not that hot . thin slice kind of weak on toppings and sauce . whatever
they keep closing the lobby early when they know there are customers unable to go through the drive threw .
not bad not great . the dolmas were not that good . the humas and falafel are pretty delicious .
salt everything . great service and ambiance , but it's definitely heavy on the meats , don't forget to balance with sides .
just ok . the people were really great though but judging based on food only , for me it just fell short .
too many homeless crack addicted around you even in the drive tru keep you eyes moving !
dinner was great . the desert however was still frozen . the staff tried to play it off as ice cream cake .
the shrimp dill sandwich is fantastic ! although i noticed that they are getting smaller .
i tried the amaretto pastry . it was great ! maybe a little too sweet , it was hard to finish
great atmosphere . calamari was excellent . fries were piping hot . wine delicious . only downside the food is a little bland .
what happened to happy hour ? greatly reduced menu no burger . hope to see better choices return .
not a bad place . but is up against chen's noodle house and asia cafe ? that's really tough competition .
the taste of sushi and sashimi was great . good service and nice server . but the cost is quite expensive .
unfortunately , the second time i used this service my taxi just didn't arrive at all .
the coffee was great . the guy taking orders was a tool . fist pump ? air hump ? really ?
this place used to be very good . last time i went was mediocre . seemed like a lot of frozen food .
girl ! that taco is huge ! mmmhmmm you know it ! damnnnnnnn ! you got horchata too ! mmmhmmm you know it !
i enjoy coming here . wish the menu offered a bit more that wasn't bar food . good happy hour .
overpriced but good . sugar in lobster mac and cheese . great service .
the chicken sandwich is good . it's just a local bar where you can get a good drink and watch sports
too warm for a concert went to a concert there last night so uncomfortable where was the air conditioning
they don't open until pm now
good meat on a cold wet bun . overly peppered beans in a container that's mostly sauce .
they currently have a sale on flip flops , t shirts and jean shorts which i got .
a haiku review of typhoon nice local thai chain . plenty of unique dishes . fills the niche nicely .
surprisingly spacious . parking sucks for the area though . occasionally they have free shows .
the food is good , but the unwelcoming service is enough for me to say , no thanks !
good however service is lackluster . it takes a long time for food and a long time to leave . good luck .
pros good service few items taste exceptional cons very pricey menu few items tasted worse
well , i am not an uno fan , however , this restaurant has friendly waitresses . and the food is okay for me .
cute , little bar with good drinks and decent food . all around ok . good service !
good atmosphere , average food , overpriced . that's all i have to say about that .
great food . loved it . make sure you have plenty of time though service can be slow on some days
nice atmosphere , security staff in lobby is extremely rude though
rats , cockroaches and mice . luckily i didn't see any of these things . so that's nice .
just okay . wasn't great but wasn't bad either . tried the spaghetti and meatballs and the mac cheese .
good food and drinks . prices are average . great rooftop ! service has been slow lately .
service can be a bit slow when they are busy but the teas are great , so still worth a visit !
regular mcdonald's . close to the highway which can be good and bad .
it's great tasting food . the only problem is that the relation price benefit doesn't do the trick
restaurant week august . pei mussels , crispy duck breast , choco cake . limited wines by the glass .
a truly wonderful place to eat in portland . great entertainment with all the locals .
haven't eaten here for a while , but i stopped by yesterday . gotta admit the falafel was really dry .
it's starbucks . it's new and exciting , thus the line is always long here . the staff is nice and accommodating , though .
its ok . customer service isnt great , but ok . the menu has alot of things that all taste the same .
order saigon bowl for and it was a mixed of things . not really special or worth the price
pretty good semi fast food . it brings me back to my childhood . we ordered kobe burger dinner and curry pork .
seems like they pride themselves on shitty service . i'll still eat the shit out of their pizza though
been here a few times . biggest complaint is fairly pricey and small portions . food is very good though . great views .
not bad , they're just a bit pricey . nice selection of shoes !
it's in a great location , draft beer not so much , i think they need to flush the lines .
their parmesan fries were delicious ! the cesar salad was alright . i've had better . the prawns and thai sauce were tasty .
i remember this place being really good , but lately food is not that special , their quality has deteriorated .
new chef , not as pleased as before with the food . awaiting to sample more before final update .
delivery guy is a total douche . super rude and impatient . food was better than expected though .
i like the room a lot but the beers around the corner is much better
get the fajitas margs are good and chips delish a fun spot for all
this place is ok people will tell you it's amazing but they're lying good beer , though don't eat the food
a totally cool , chill place but one big problem for me cash only ! big boo !
crappy service inconsistently good new york style pizza best option for pizza in bee caves area .
the vegetables and fruit are not fresh ! quality is not as good as before . a little bit disappointed !
the floor vibrated . make sure you don't sit left of the entrance . it is worse there . the food was ok .
this place is okay if you have an appointment nearby and the price is right . they actually have brown rice !
pretty good barbecue , but a bit aggressive on prices . about a dollar more per dish than i'd like to pay .
food was decent and service was good , nothing fancy but who needs fancy when you are eating bbq ?
convenience store is convenient . all i need and only minutes away from me . good people . good place .
quick delivery service was great . everyone liked the bread sticks , hawaiian pizza okay .
food was decent swordfish with mushrooms and brussel sprouts . terrible service from bartender . complete airhead though she tried .
chocolate chip cookies are good but like everything overpriced in general i feel their reach exceeds their grasp .
meh . its a mall . and not a great one . newbury street is vastly more interesting .
if you like loud and are not too fussy about the steaks , then you might enjoy this restaurant .
good selection for varied diet restrictions . overall the food seemed fresh and decent but did not knock by socks off .
great beer selection . staff friendliness level is . well , that's unimportant really . cash only so that's a pain .
food was ok but service a bit slow considering it was pretty empty
open late , drink prices are okay , and the patio is great an a warm summer night . decent little neighborhood bar .
our go to pizza . always consistent and good . nothing special , but when you're going for consistent and good , look no further .
slow service even though it was not busy . chicken and waffles were great , other food was good not great .
nice food and staff etc but went in and they almost doubled the prices booooooooooo update increased the prices !
the gherkin pickle served with my sandwich was disappointingly small . a bigger pickle and i would give addy's stars .
bannings is bannings . long standing . classic . local , late night , hearty food . hangout , reliable .
love the vets here but frequently being put on lengthy holds isn't working anymore .
love p . terrys but the past times i've been my burger an fries have been beyond cold . very disappointed
little restaurant , food is good . had the ramen was good , also had the dumplings and shrimp tempura . all good
ehhhh i'll pass read the menu carefully ! . never a seen shrimp tempura rolls with cream cheese
great food but be prepared to be hot ac not good enough for florida summer and swat a couple of flys
a nice brewery and very kid friendly . it's a great location for a tasty meal and beer while shopping downtown .
its good but i dont think its anything super special . their biscuit was really good tho ! kind of pricey
portions are kinda small . noodles are good though . go to nakwon next door for better banchan and bigger portions .
my usual pho spot . i have defiantly had better but they are consistent , fast , and close .
waitress was very friendly . lamb tacos were really good , but nothing that i would crave to go back again for .
pastries are good , but personally i don't think it's worth the line .
decent contemporary american dishes . ok atmosphere , mid range prices . you can fit mid sized groups upstairs .
very thorough adoption process ! they give you medicine for the pets which is really awesome
plenty of wine at this location , but they don't sell liquors here . the barrett parkway location is great .
when a customer orders a hot drink make sure it is hot . i prefer to have my hot chocolate hot .
was just ok . chicken was really dry . guy working was super cool and very knowledgeable about gf .
burger is off the chain and on point ! wish my waitress would stop disappearing . where is my coke ?
nice salon with very nice women , but my nails were lumpy and somewhat messy . most likely won't return .
good sandwiches , great little meat platters . would definitely come here again for a fun , alternative little lunch .
an astoundingly simple , delightful salmon burrito with jalapeno sauce .
decent food , but the prices are pretty high for what is only average tasting dim sum .
cute setting . food is a ok . didn't exactly blow my mind .
basic mediocre food and service a lil overpriced for quality and quantity portion of food
woody's has closed its doors . good pizza , but the space is now for lease .
mediocre reuben sandwich and fries . dirty bathroom , lacking in atmosphere . first visit , won't be rushing back .
cool ivy league bar , the beer towers are pretty awesome . the beers were good but not many to choose from .
great vibe in edgewood . coffee was good but expensive and food was alright .
where is the food ? maybe they should buy smaller bowls so that the food doesn't look less .
decently good dim sum , nothing was bad but nothing was great . i expected more from you vancouver !
for the wait , the bbq does not stand out . the atmosphere is what you are really paying for .
a typical dive bar , this had pool and interesting ceilings . also , using the bathroom is more than a little adventure !
decent place for a sushi take out in winchester area . i would recommend their combos pretty good !
place isn't bad food is decent and staff is friendly and outgoing .
really good really cheap burritos , but if you love a lot of vegetables this isnt the place for you .
better than some other rite aid locations . but not at the level it should be .
this place has surprisingly good food . wings were a bit salty , but man , their salads are hella good .
went in for dinner . was a little pricy for average food and average service . across the board .
the bar is great but the noise will drive you crazy . it's very , very loud there .
the beer was bad . loud and noisy , just an ok experience . the server messed up our order twice .
love bickfords in general , but today had the most mentally challenged waiter on earth . so confused and slow .
boneless chicken and sashimi are ok . salmon nigiri tastes like miku's but cheaper . beef bowl is large and delicious .
tried this place out because of the tx monthly ranking . definitely a good burger . nothing to write home about , though .
never ate here , but they definitely served a good drink . especially nice due to the proximity to the fireplace .
it really depends on who's working and recently i haven't felt welcomed by the current employees .
food and atmosphere were great . however server not be able to make change to increase her tip not cool !
it's a starbucks . service gets bogged down at lunchtime , staff doesn't usually handle the rush well .
i always find it supremely disappointing when a restaurant sees fit to make me de vein my own shrimp .
decent food , parking , terrible attitude !
crap beer . ok food . it's a functional worker study hall for when the library is closed .
great prices and great unique staff . it wasn't too crowded either which is always a plus downtown .
ten cent wings on mondays , good irish pub feel really close to mit .
good wings , good prices , and the music is at a decent volume . quiet too on a wednesday night .
the cutest little pies ! i tried the brownie pecan pie combo . needed more pecan filling .
great place to meet up with friends and have some fun ! very clean and a fun atmosphere !
great location ! food is ok , ordered southwestern chicken and hot wings . average in taste nothing special !
good homemade salsa and good food for the price . service was fine , no problems like other reviews describe .
decent bbq pork and wonton , vegetable noodle soup on the cheap .
a manager messaged me and told me that the veggie burger patty is vegan . so there you go , vegans .
fyi this is permanently closed . top secret sandwiches seems to have been replaced by trio cafe .
worth a stop is in the area , never know what you will find . a kinda must see when in boston .
it was okay ! not my best fish and hush puppies and wings were very little but it was good !
the sandwich was pretty good . lol how can you really review such a simple establishment . the people were very kind .
really yummy food , though a bit pricey considering the bare bones service and atmosphere .
the falafel was not good at all , huge kebabs tough i just ate the kebab .
we only got drinks here but it seems like a cool hang out place for kids and high schoolers .
a bit pricey compared to others , but nice to have a card machine . clean most times , but dirty others . mediocre .
good food , but small and crowded , and the bar was not large enough to accommodate the waiting crowd .
good burger and sweet potato fries . great place to meet for lunch . i just wish there was free wifi .
noisy and pretentious , the food doesn't match up to the classy decor . stars at a star price .
while i do own about of his shirts and love them . way over priced ! for a tshirt !
sushi was good . hibachi not so much . i found it over priced . not coming back . not impressed . good service though .
if you like dark places with cigarette orders . this is your place . we basically walked in and walked out .
solid pizza . nicely done thin crust with good crisp . nothing particularly special the price however .
mediocre menu equals mediocre food . if i didn't have a gift card , i probably would not have gone there .
nice people , food mediocre and incredibly overpriced . tourist destination .
food was good but the lady with the puff balls in her hair was rude bad customer service
too salty ! note , be prepared to drink a lot of water while dining there .
pretty average if not bland izakaya compared to guu or hapa . mediocre service . seriously overpriced . meh .
great omelets and pancakes ! a little bit pricy .
came here for a weekday lunch . the service was very solicitous but our food was uniformly disappointing .
meh . the people were friendly and the food was ok . not exceptional but acceptable .
food is okey . but not so great .
great little burger place in austin good for a quick bite if your on the run !
large bar and tasty brew on tap
fun place
not great and was in sketchy neighborhood . had the fish and chips and it was pretty poor . service was fine .
meh . friendly servers for the most part , but pretty dated . food was as expected for ihop .
la comida es buena , pero se tardaron hora y min en servirnos lq comida . el servicio
friendly service . pretty standard waffle house .
. mac 'n cheese . piping hot , hits the spot yes please .
food is still good but service can vary . note that they do not take credit cards anymore .
expected better . should have gone to thundercloud subs . won't be coming back . st and last time here .
small and informal , friendly staff . not a fan of the spice mix . for me , just ok .
cool ambiance , but didn't love the food . limited menu , decent burgers , disappointing fries . service wasn't great either .
thumbs up ! if you like coconut in everything , you should try it . fried chicken is fantastic !
all issues resolved . give them a shot . parking security very good .
good place to catch a game . plus it's where all the uga alums hang out go dawgs !
cool setting inside , lots of hipster artists out n about , better service great burgs gets my stamp
a good place to see local bands . it's a small venue with big sound , be sure to take ear protection .
good food . a bit overpriced . good service . no public restrooms . good menu for healthy eaters too .
it was alright . the pastry options were smaller , as it was later . the almond creme tea was decent .
i like the fact more that it is in a bookshop ! the french toast is also yummy .
the crown and red bull was good . the hookah was just ok
nice lunch spot for those working on the south side of town near the airport .
decent food with friendly service . nothing exceptional . will recommend to people who wants quick bites .
this place was just alright . it was very loud and dark but the food and drinks good .
other reviewers are right . service was slow but the food was good and the atmosphere was nice .
nice decoration , but too americanized . it's not the most authentic one in atlanta
it's interesting indian food , although i'd call it more fusion .
loving wings bone out buffalo burnin hot ! and good service .
our carpets initially looked great but stains reappeared a few days later . our front door was also left wide open .
neighborhood late night eatery dive . friendly , laid back crew . familiar tunes on the jukebox from the s s . gay st .
the breakfast nachos and benedict were good but we'll pass on the banana french toast next time .
busy busy busy . it's chilis a chain with consistent food . nice staff though . superior by airport standards .
the bread was really good . the rest of the meal was mediocre . the tiramisu is not good .
not the best anymore .
steamed buns pork buns , tofu buns , sweet potato , and lots of other goodies . great for kids .
garlic knots were amazing ! highly recommend ! pizza didn't rock my socks , but would definitely give it another shot .
food there is good and price point is what it is , but they over salt their fries . slow services tho .
good food . but , not worth the hype , waiting list , and definitely not worth the pricing . over rated .
average food . good for a one time visit . the gimmick and novelty value die down very quickly though .
good location in the downtown vancouver . but the parking fee is too expansive , and the wifi signal is really bad .
decent cesar salad but could have been more fresh . great beer . good tv coverage of patriot football !
um , meh . it's okay . good selection of bottled beers , not much on tap . mediocre all around .
loud live music , dark . ribs a lot of fat little meat
get what you pay for . came here for about a year . not much of a change . haiku review
nice and friendly service . food is good , salad buffet is lacking of everything and the meats could be better .
wanna hang with the beautiful people , players , gold diggers and phonies ? well you found it . over priced drinks .
was ok but turned off by the chef not wearing a mask the bar staff not wear masks .
food is good , but it's too expensive and a huge emphasis on pork based ramen .
this place stays consistent with the quality and taste of there food good place to eat
thank you , this certain tb , for putting faith back into my fourth meal .
food for average , satisfying chinese food service interior
they are closed now . i really lived their subs and mango bubble tea .
this place used to be great but now that they do it is much slower but they are still nice
the port a potty here is disgusting . good thing the ice cream is amazing !
decent price for the barbecue buffet just don't get any of the sushi rolls , they're shitty . pleasant staff .
great pizza ! terrible delivery service . everytime you call it is necessary to spell your entire street name several times . crazy
good , cheap burritos . get a fat stomach and a fat wallet !
i tried to post review it wouldn't let me . it makes you wonder who controls this site .
great for tourists . average for residents who expect and can get more out of our artisan doughnut shops .
the service is alright . nothing fancy . you go in , get your massage and come out . no sense of customer service .
poor thing . the smallest trader joe's i've been .
fairly average food . you won't be blown away or disappointed . a solid c . service was a little slow
great location , but the food is average . it's a common runner's after workout brunch location .
decent franks , and drinks .
i was dying of hunger . i am still alive . thanks hi fi . that is all . don't get excited .
the pork dumpling is good , but beef noodle is just ok . by the way they need to pay by cash .
chinese is fine big portions . sushi isn't as fresh as i like and shrimp tempura was pretty poor .
great food a bit pricey but i have never been unhappy with the food . great place . this location is great .
new
guns up ! this place is awesome for football watching . atmosphere is great . stars for bland food and slow service .
food is an imitation of turkish but not exact . location is excellent other places to eat in walking distance .
closed on the weekends ? ! ? not a very good business decision on their part but hey ! weekends off for the employees !
the gm contacted me regarding my review . i updated to stars even though i haven't tried the food .
if all i had was french fries stars . burgers are excellent but way over priced .
ordered pizza delivery not hot . average pizza looking for a wow factor that didn't happen
not to bad , food was satisfying and worth the price . i enjoyed the stupid spicy bloody mary yummmm .
friendly staff , have all the snacks you need conveniently located on newbury street .
it was fine but not exciting . my steak was good but awe inspiring .
it's ok . really big dive bar . great rooftop terrace for people watching on th st .
great customer service helps to make auto repairs seem doable .
decent food . would've gotten more stars except they're not wearing masks while preparing our food or serving customers .
too oily and too salty . take out lunch box is super cheap . . . they make really good seafood .
same general experience as last time . like warm staff , ok sushi , but higher priced than the whole experience commands .
good drinks , food i've nibbled on so far is tasty , staff is nice .
the hot wings were horrible ! the hamburger however , was good . i have no desire to ever go back .
cafeteria style . excellent service . smile . and they kill you with kindness . get the spicy sauce .
private location and excellent service . prices are high though . some odd dollars for hookah . the server was very knowledgeable though .
was tasty had the hash ups . ham was a little too salty but still good . great music . cute little place .
has it's good days and bad days , but it is under new ownership and should be good !
it's decent . it's not the best or worst jamaican food . their cabbage salad is lacking
this location is consistently lacking in sauces especially the gator sauce , which , despite being a well known favorite , is never available .
wayyyy too sweet . the plain old fashioned one is heaven . the rest arent worth the trip .
delicious food , great service , cute place form inside . you should try it
stars in your eyes is a great place to get an eye exam . their selection of glasses rocks .
favorite dish chicken sandwich , just kinda eh service great dining experience room for standing outside would i come back ? nope
good beer . nice atmosphere . convenient .
i don't really understand the cannoli , however , it was a wonderful old school finish to a stroll around the north end .
well organized , clean , nice staff . prices are way too high for what they're selling .
bartender was nice and this is a good place to grab a drink after work .
smoothies are hit or miss here . it is decent and worth trying but not exceptional .
average overall . star for the pool tables .
went there to eat oysters unfortunately they were out . mussels and frog legs were pretty tasty .
pretty bland food . they don't let you customize . avoid this place . even though it's cheap , it's not worth it .
big , great price , late night delivery , decent pizza .
it's good but don't believe all the hype . there are better tacos all over this town .
this spot would be perfect if the beef and lamb was not hard as a rock . otherwise very good .
food was decent , waitress was very personable , had a salad with grilled chicken , chicken was a little frozen tasting .
the atm works fine . hard to argue . not much else exciting to say . i've never been inside .
stopped in for a drink and an appetizer . we tried the lobster lettuce wraps . they were wonderful and different !
beautiful grounds overall but the staff was definitely slow and inexperienced .
the food is overpriced and undersized but still good enough to come back to . just .
dr . jones is the best ! reception staff has attitude . not very nice .
average for food and overpriced . i'll probably return for brunch but definitely not dinner .
good food . really good , unique cocktails . salads with just the right amount of dressing . would go again .
fantastic boardwalk food . i found myself craving their cheeseburger later that day . great customer service fast delivery .
not bad but not something i would think about going to if i was craving ramen .
the guacamole is the saving grace . menu is limited but tasty . enjoyable . wonderful atmosphere . fairly proved . great drinks .
just okay . below average latin food for a miami native .
the location is convenient and staff polite . but i definitely prefer the people and product at planet smoothie .
chips and guac !
kind of expensive , but the food is quite nice . i really enjoyed the ice cream . employees are very friendly .
i got a strawberry creme frappacino , which tasted okay . the service was so slow that i almost missed my bus .
had to wait minutes even though we had appointments . nice people though and did a good pedicure .
was fabulous years ago , on a downward spiral . really poor value . has become silly expensive for portion size .
their ramen and service are decent . i just don't understand why we couldn't split the bill into people .
this was an nice ride through spider webs , ghosts , ghouls and goblins . a few scary thrills on the way .
good not great place , staff is always friendly and brings back memories of eating at other branches with my grandmother .
ambiance was great . tacos were decent , but unfortunately not that special . also , the beer selection was poor .
had a steak sub . very tasty and served promptly . ambience is kinda bland and cheap . limited drink selections .
had the same experience as matt . they apparently like to keep credit cards .
pretty good food . nice atmosphere . service is mixed . restaurant could use a good cleaning .
best dumplings ever ! pepper shrimp platter is amazing , crowded but good service . food is definitely fresh and portions are huge .
great little neighborhood bar ! friendly service and friendly folks . come in for a beer and a game of pool .
this place is great , but why did you guys stop delivering ? !
the only french thing here is the name . and menu selections . coffee was sub par and breakfast croissant was bland .
average quality food but great service , just pricey for the extras egg whites , free range eggs , etc . .
nice salon ! it's nice , clean and people are friendly plus ok haircuts
it's a nice little food truck get together . wish there was more seating ! parking isn't always the easiest .
food was good but the service was horrible . maybe it was because we weren't chinese .
had buffet here , wouldn't say it was bad but always the same thing .
great place to hang next to voodoo donuts
clean rooms hallways were freezing but room was clean and comfortable
very small food menu and cocktail list needs some renovating . staff is usually friendly . place has potential
food was delicious . the waitstaff was unattentive and not friendly at all .
i didn't love it here . we sat in the bar area . atmosphere was nice . food and drinks were average .
whats not to love about greasy burgers and american style food !
this place was okay . recommended by a friend before theatre in boston . just seemed quite overpriced for the food .
small market and price is high . only go when i'm desperate and missing an ingredient to cook .
don't leave during intermissions . no bells or warning signs when they close the doors , and then your left sitting outside .
overhyped good operation but the food is just ok . value is meh . great coffee . lovely room . good drinks .
good chinese food . the owners are very nice and make you feel welcome . they also mix a great drink .
it's an average joint . good service , decent food .
the food was tasty but did not seem authentic and wasn't spicy enough !
lack luster service , but the asian chopped salad was good .
about what you would expect from a chain casual dining experience , wings , beer , etc .
the sauce was not that great . the cheesecake tasted like it was from a box or bought at sam's .
steamed pork chicken dumplings with soy dipping sauce , . . very nice lunch . usually quiet .
slow service but very good food in particular the fattoush salad and gryo sandwich
so many better options a short drive up to the north end !
can't beat the prices on daily necessities , especially when they roll out the coupon booklets .
decent cappuccino , but espresso solo tasted bitter .
i loved their cookies but very much disliked their flake pastries . worst cream horn i've ever had .
love middle eastern food , but lamb roll seemed a bit bland . will update as i more of the menu .
nice selections of pastries , great bakery in the new west area .
it's about the atmosphere . which is awesome . food is not bad and service is average . but we keep coming back .
nice mom and pop place . big fan of their bagel sandwiches
just a novelty . unless it's on your bucket list , go somewhere else .
cute spot , donuts were definitely good !
bang for your buck quality . service ambiance location . overall
fried tofu is best and french fries . pho and porch chip rice is ok . but it is not super authentic .
pizza was really good but the place is a filth box . extremely dirty . not sure i would eat there again .
um . i love cross dressing waffle house servers . that is all .
long wait time , service was good , the steaks were not that great , place was really busy probably effected quaility
food was okay . but the bidet in the woman's bathroom made up for lack of good ramen !
nothing special . not worth the price . food was good , not super good , just good . service was average .
taste good but not sure it's worth the wait . can't believe they don't have take out . that is retarded .
spent a nice night hanging out with co workers . good food and good atmosphere . service was ok .
food is ok . interior is nice . but i have to say it is the nicest pho restaurant in that area .
convenient and affordable . interesting fusion . we've tried it for breakfast and dinner . definitely better than fast food .
good food . greats atmosphere . just be patient on getting your food if your hungry . overall grown and sexy vibe
the doctor was kind and accommodating . the reception has an attitude problem . typical .
it was alright for the money spent . i would recommend going to ragland road next door instead .
meh , it was ok . for the price it was a good deal , but for the taste , i've had plenty better .
great new lunch spot . clean and well lit ambience . lunch specials taste good reasonably priced . friendly service .
just a regular dive bar . stopped in for a snack , poutine was surprisingly tasty , everything else felt a bit flat .
was tasty but the potato pancake and poached eggs on my benedict were both undercooked friendly staff and good service
food was alright , drinks were alright , service was alright . nothing memorable , nothing to write home about .
neat restaurant with awesome decor and vibe . unfortunately , my server gaia was unfriendly , in genuine and unhelpful .
our new standby for pizza delivery . good crust and selection of toppings . delivery is prompt , and prices are reasonable .
it was interesting knowing the history from where chocolate from south america was made .
usually not too busy and equipment is well taken care of . no complaints !
meh . no better than holly's target brand ice cream in a carton . what is everyone lined up for ? ! ? not calorie worthy .
stars cause the food was great but the restrooms were nasty water was leaking out of the toilets .
compared to lax , vancouver just felt like everyone was moving in extra slow motion .
awesome places ! i'd give them a higher rating but they seriously take waaaaaay to long to get someone's change back .
the service was very nice . the food was alright , have tried better ones in california .
great selection of beer but the place was pretty small and the audio for the live music wasn't too good .
no mas hacienda haiku review pink grapefruit candles your seductive aroma smells as crisp as fall .
nothing extraordinary but nice quick stop for decent sandwiches at decent prices . people are friendly .
try the boxty brunch . it's a good dish ! i like my potato pancakes well done though . great concept
medium wings very hot and too much vinegar , for my taste . serve yourself everything , bus your own table .
nice place , burger was good , fries needed salt but were still good nice attitude from the staff
only had the clam chowder but was very salty , a bit watery , not enough clams in my opinion .
great hub airport .
overrated . over engineered . overwhelming . big portions . touristy . worth trying once .
been twice , just so so from my experience . their monday night chicken for isn't worth the trip .
i went urgent care recommended for my insurance . important thing to know . urgent care start pm
the fresh sushi i got was mediocre , everything fried tasted like the fryer hasn't been changed in a long time .
the wings were good the chicken parm was burnt and flavorless quick delivery never use them agsin
great service and freindly staff . food is average nothing special . had three tacos and side of rice .
not the freshest sushi fish . rather warm . on a warm day , this really turned me off . tempura was good . fast service
this is revere take your fahgety ass back up rt old school pizza and attitude at its best
some dishes are good , some are not . stick with smaller plates . love their corn cheese though !
good neighborhood spot . tasty beers and decent food . no complaints . i love this neighborhood !
neighborhood bar that could become a dive bar without a lot of effort . enough said . cool bouncer too .
great for tourists . i prefer to skip the long lines at eat at modern across the street .
great place , since it's the original old school location . but i really like the new peabody location better .
cool place good food nice people .
the starting sauce with nachos was excellent . everything else was average .
good food in small portions for the price . space is a bit loud . good and friendly service .
good guacemole made at the table . the food was really very good . probably better than acapulco in sudbury .
eat the oatmeal ! best restaurant oatmeal i have ever eaten ! everything else is decent , but not great .
service was okay , guy at front desk wasn't very helpful . great location though and price rates are reasonable .
people that run the place are great . the prices are a little on the high side .
the food is decent and the drinks are alright . i wish there were more vegetarian options .
i did not enjoy my visit to el chile . the food was bland and overpriced .
food was good . small portions , but i guess that's the idea kind of like tapas . service was very poor .
excellent appetizers . lamb cous cous ok . desserts not worth it . belly dance too far away to watch
interesting cave man style eating . you literally smash seafood with rocks ! newbury st . prices though .
service was good . but the food was a little over done . overall it's solid american traditional food .
dim sum for lunch . interesting building . ok food
decent food . decent prices . terrible parking lot . lackluster staff . short review for chain restaurants .
a pretty good place for custom ordered pizza and salad . nothing fancy but good , inexpensive and quick .
i really wanted to like this place more , but the three sandwiches i tried we all just above average .
excellent specialty drinks . full bar . excellent mixologists .
they're good . i've had better , but always fun to wait in line for captain crunch covered dough .
chicken pita bowl is very good . sambousek samosa is just ok , nothing special . falafel is too salty .
lobster bisque was great . lobster roll was pricey but very good . ate it as a salad and left the bread .
their garlic and parmesan and kickin bbq are amazing but the ordering here is rouuggh .
okay place for pasta , i can cook much better one . not a lot of options , chicken alfredo is my goto
doughnuts were ok . definitely more marketing and hype . price was reasonable . be aware that the establishment is cash only !
their pulled pork sandwich was awesome !
the employees could use a little motivation . they need to improve in speed and efficiency . overall the sandwiches are ehh .
nice atmosphere . service lacks sometimes . it's a good place to bring friends that swear they hate asian food .
our food was good . the environment very nice but our service was not great .
pretty good . had the croque monsieur .
great menu . no substitutions . a little fishy . modern decor .
a lot of deep fried food , i think i had blackened catfish was all pretty decent .
great view right next to austin river . always a nice place to have relax meal with the one you love .
good croissant , good latte , not so good service .
giot bikess serviced after being in storage for years . done in a day .
good food but the service is slow and inattentive . many staff standing about doing lots of nothing .
casual and quick . go for the lobster grilled cheese or the trio . great seafood on the go !
its fast food only in bbq form . its not bad its not great but hey its cheap and fast !
i tried the basic foot massage and it was okay . i would go again if i receive promo for combo .
the ambience is nice . the food was pretty good , but not really amazing .
another good place .
not bad . good beer selection and decent food . i've been back . the service is real slow at times though .
so much bread ! for me , the detroit style is a miss . but their dinner salad was quite amazing .
subpar food , honestly . rd has some great options so this place would honestly be my last resort .
decent authentic ish mexican food . i enjoyed the salsa . the taco salad was ok . something about the ground beef scared me .
great place for margaritas but don't leave home without your amex you'll need it !
solid drinks . definitely had the dark , dive bar type of feel to it . tables in the back were cozy .
a bit salty today , but still pretty good . hits the spot .
a decent frozen treat . casey's new orleans snowballs is better right consistency . this is more slush .
nice alternative if you don't can't wait in the line up at the nearby red wagon cafe .
great job on the fall cleanup . you guys are awesome .
good food and service . a bit pricey but worth it for mostly organic dining .
it was a busy night so service wasn't great , there was a live band . the cheese pizza was a .
this is really weak restaurant for the fairmont . the breakfast of brunch menu was below par . not impressed at all .
i'm not feeling the female staff . if you don't take her suggestions , she'll acts like a monster priss .
carb overload . but that's what makes this a beauty . bbq sauce doesn't have any sweetness . the fries are good tho
give this place a bit more time to get its legs and i think you'll agree there is something here
hipster haven on hawthorne . just ok . always busy
sandly is the only nice looking nght club in atl
hands down the most delicious cupcakes ever ! but some of the rudest service we've ever experienced in austin .
other than people asking for change right outside the door , shopper is a great company here in canada
everything was okay . there's a lot of exceptional restaurants in portland , so i won't return .
nice environment . food and prices are decent , but nothing special .
pretty good . not sure what else to say i'm extra tired right now . but defenetly come try it out .
just your average friendly neighborhood chili's . good food and good service . not exceptional but doable .
very much a hipster diner . good service and good food . had breakfast for dinner . yum .
i like there food atmosphere . would give them stars , but they charge extra for gluten free buns bread .
patties aren't the same as they used to be . they've gotten very skimpy on the meat fillings .
i was running late because of road construction and they still fit me in . staff was very friendly and nice .
cute , cool , tiny , rich , euro . five four lttr wrds , imho .
great building , good art , worth a visit . i'm glad to have gotten in on a tuesday evening by donation .
everything seemed fresh , service is good . music was soft rock so it's chill . not bad sushi train !
food was good but very expensive and they weren't nice about me not wanting to eat beef . it was ok .
good place to look for a little dress .
lovely owner , very small shop . the pho was above average . the chilli oil on the table tasted off .
everything you could possibly dream or desire . persian food and on the cheap
possibly the best sangria on newbury street . i never really eat here , but i do drink here .
giant chicken strips , lots of tvs , lots of drink varieties . limited beer selection . friendly staff .
i liked their popcorn ! it was good ! i got varieties for . , i really like the cashew caramel crisp .
nothing special . presentation of food was the best part . a tadbit pricy but i was expecting it .
better authentic southeast asian food , little bit pricy with personal size dishes but it was alright .
food was good , however , presentation and service were lacking . price was high for what you get .
this place gives vegetarian food a bad name . the flavors are either bland or overwhelmingly herbaceous and bitter .
the food was good , the service was good . no complaints over all but nothing out of the ordinary make a special trip for
the name is a lie . i found this establishment exactly average . nothing extraordinary here .
food was great . the staff was very pleasant and courteous . very reasonably priced , too . get the gator bites .
average indian food . service was fine . was a passable alternative to chinese on christmas eve .
nice little resto with good burgers but the buns could be better . i would recommend this place for appetizers .
fun atmosphere in cute downtown . good pub food . great beer list . decent happy hour .
their food is good but they're closing at pm right now so the hours should be updated to reflect that .
normally love this place . get more than one bartender for the inside bar on a saturday night . seriously .
isn't crazy expensive , but they give you a lot . not the best mexican i've had , but quick and easy .
i like everything i've had so far esp pizza but the breakfast potatoes are gross
second time in a row that the order wasn't right . the food is good , but never as ordered .
ok for hotel food . street noise is too much . not great
i had the banh mi . it tasted good , but it was swimming in grease .
convinient location , friendly stuff and cent coffee in the morning . my room was cold and had a weird moldy smell .
great dancing , and normal pub fare . a bit expensive but it's in faneuil hall so what do you expect !
owner is awesome . bathrooms are weird . open floor plan . good beer . too hipster for me .
the food was okay good atmosphere and relatively inexpensive .
the crispy spicy tofu is amazing . you can't get bowls after pm . wtf . really like the vibe and ambiance .
our hotel recommended this place to grab a quick breakfast bite . it was average , nothing special .
i'll keep it short and simple . it's good bbq , but it's not wait in line for hours on end no matter the weather good . few things are .
kwik food . good selection of chinese food . quality is above par for the price , but the price is fairly cheep .
really expensive , super small portions , didnt have too much flavor . kind of disappointed
good , sometimes great , food . unfortunately , we gotten dirty plates here twice , which is really off putting .
pretty decent pizza , garlic knots mediocre . fun atmosphere
bang for your buck quality . service ambiance location overall
they took car of my sons jetta good service the price came out higer than expected
