amazing service and food ! curb side was professional well trained in covid precautions !
staff was friendly and helpful with suggestions . food was good in portion and tasty . will definitely come back and recommend .
very nice place to eat , their sangrias are very good and the staff is very helpful . definitely will go back
super helpful staff , very friendly , and the actual helicopter driver was very knowledgeable .
so sad to see closed ! shocked ! loved the food and atmosphere .
excellent brisket and ribs . love the sauce . quick drive from the airport . friendly staff .
go to for fast gear tasting and quality pho ! customer service is great and they're very helpful !
great gym . small and secluded . but still has all the equipment i need .
excellent clinic to take your kid after hours . the doctor was really good and the staff very helpfull .
never met such a nice person to take care of my car . really thankful to the owner .
kick ass pizza on the fly ! perfectly crispy crust with high quality tasting melted mozzarella cheese .
we ordered the oreo cheesecake and red velvet cake , its may be a bit pricey but delicious !
my favorite . my favorite . my favorite ! any location . always superb food and customer experience !
great ramen , excellent and synaptic service ! negative aspects refused sake sample tasting and that does not accept credit cards .
best burger i've ever had . simple as that . everything was amazing , even the french fries ! nom !
as good as it gets . honest , great service , they really know their stuff .
great falafel , awesome tahini . their chicken wraps are delicious ! great quick food , and cheap !
best cupcakes i've had . peters chocolate mint nom nom nom
absolutely delicious ! best food we ate while staying in the area on vacation . everything was cooked to perfection .
great new hookah lounge . great flavors , great staff and a super chill place to hang out .
the best experience ever so worth the money next time we'll invest in a fast pass its worth the extra
this is my favorite brew house movie theater . if you go you will know why .
oh my ! . why did i just start eating here today ? so good .
much improved . love many things on the menu now and my son works here . great atmosphere .
friendliest staff ever ! they know everything there is to know about beers . always a good selection on tap and bottles .
this place is unbelievably good . highly recommend it . pumpkin curry melts in your mouth . they have high quality ingredients .
great salads . fresh ingredients . friendly staff . line can get long , but it's worth the wait .
a notch below mike's pastry's . but ? tomato . toemato !
yup , delicious . frog legs , hank williams platter , good beer , excellent atmosphere , and lots of dirty rice
great chiropractor ! after dr . troy adjusts me i feel fantastic ! i would highly recommend him !
hade the poke . thought i was back in maui . have had the kahuna burger before . also excellent
awesome bagel ambience ! rick , the owner , my boyfriend became fast friends , bonding over hip hop friday !
a fun place to explore and buy reasonably priced vintage sewing craft supplies . definitely worth the stop .
super friendly staff , good selection of groceries , good food , solid happy hour . all around just a top notch neighborhood establishment !
fantastic all you can eat sushi on tuesday ! definitely great flavor and value . ask for mike !
amazing pizza and service ! the crust on the pizza is amazing . one of the best i've had .
needed a snack and this place was perfect had the hot sour soup and several nigiri rolls , delicious .
excellent menu and fantastic staff ! we live in lake mary and well worth the drive . hopefully they expand our way !
kim was very helpful with our move out ! answered all of our questions . the property was clean and will lit .
nice teeth and accessories . i like you can get contact lenses now that is as plus .
amazing staff . wait time was minimal . clean and very professional . i'll be coming to this center from now on !
if you're watching carbs , they have unsweetened almond milk , and some sugar free syrups .
fresh ingredients , great food , and authentic taste . definitely recommend checking it out if you haven't !
the new management is great and really done a lot with the apartment complex !
great guy great business came out late afternoon . would definitely recommend this guy . a
finally a cantonese style chinese restaurant in atlanta without peas and carrots in the fried rice !
they fixed my imac in less than minutes and i was back to gaming ! they are awesome .
really cool place , wish it weren't so far away ! open one up in nw !
great taco place , specially at night . even if it's packed there's still fast service ! love it .
excellent take out ! salads are fresh and good green mix and variety . delicious pasta dishes . friendly staff .
really cool hip trendy spot . even at night you can sit by a fire to stay warm outside .
they give such great chiropractic care ! and their staff is super friendly , courteous and efficient
they always take care of you here ! great food and the absolute best service keeps us coming back !
staff was friendly , baba ghanoush was excellent , lamb was delicious . will definitely return .
speechless ! one of the best patios in austin . everything about this place makes me smile !
best indian food lunch buffet in boston !
lovely people and delicious food and sitting at the sushi bar away from the tv ? loved it .
very impressed with the food and portions . maybe a little pricy but worth it for sure .
great service ! perfect right inside the hotel in the morning . good amount of seating .
big fan , love the sandwiches the most . pricing is fair and mimosas are great !
the is mcdevitt's for your great food , margaritas ! we love having you in our neighborhood ! best , jennifer
took my inlaws for dinner enjoyed the cook it yourself bbq dishes and the extra yhat went with it .
this place is great . quaint , quiet , byob and delicious ! drunken noodle and spicy basil chicken are top notch !
amazingly flavorful food in a quirky and over the top atmosphere . the wait staff is delightful , and the food is absolutely fabulous .
they've been great to work with and have quickly responded to any issues or concerns that have come up .
knowledgeable and friendly staff , good selection and variety in all price ranges . .
vietnamese baguette sandwiches and pho , best deal in town .
kamyar aka kj made a flawless old fashioned ! great musicn great mixers ! will be back !
stopped in friday night for a quick drink and moved on . loved the music and atmosphere .
cool looking location that just opened . pretty good sized store . oh . everything is . haha .
my favorite chicken teriyaki restaurant around portland clackamas area . workers here are polite and the place is really clean .
yum ! these cupcakes you'll savor to the last crumb . great flavors , nice staff .
delicious cinnamon roll . i love this place and the driskill hotel . their coffee and bakery items are fantastic !
cindy is amazing . she is so nice and helpful . she is definitely the person you should trust .
love the simple ham and cheese mini baguette . perfect for on the run , and super tasty !
good pizza , generous with the toppings , staff nice and friendly . give it a try prices are not bad .
went back . lindsey was a fantastic waitress and we enjoyed ourselves . happy to have some upscale american on the eastside .
three words maximum pep yuummmmm .
very good and awesome service ! quick and my car is squeaky clean ! plus came with free car freshener ! nice workers !
very creative sushi , fresh and delicious , friendly service a bit noisy but overall good and the desserts were unique !
amazing blue salad , crab roll and clam chowder . some of the best we have had all week .
awesome place i would definitely be back there , and the vegan or the gluten free red velvet is delicious !
very nice nail store , best location , nice view , excellent nail service . friendly staffs . very recommend
great chicken sandwich and the homemade butterfingers were insane ! really enjoyed it .
great place with lots of flavors ! great shaved ice . really like wedding cake flavor a lot .
real good martini ! brother and i tried different kinds . one i like is cucumber martini .
just went and had one of their boxes for lunch and it was delicious ! gotta try the spicy pork .
huge menu ! best dumplings and baos in boston . it's also very affortable .
great service . gave a reasonable quote , stuck to it , cleaned up after they left would definitely use them again .
great food , great service ! this place is a hidden gem , the food is very good and authentic !
great selection . just a little small and crowded , but they are under construction building a much larger place .
best waffle i ever ate . good selection , friendly people , nice tables . will be coming back .
great food . service isn't the best but it sure is authentic . massive portions .
the food and portions are good but pricey and the wait times are absurd for parties over two persons .
excellent food ! . took out two pizzas and both were ready on time and delicious . my new go to pizza place !
sinful . decadent . indulgent . delicious . some foods are worth a few extra pounds .
the steak and its marinade ! is the best thing i've ever eaten , seriously !
first time here , nice atmosphere . fresh bowls , good tacos , fries and more . give them a try . friendly staff .
there's outdoor indoor seating , a tv was on to watch , pretty nice bathrooms surprisingly , and good food options .
great place for pho ! love their soup broth . fast service . craving it now as i write the review !
closed due to corona . supposedly just temporarily but they said no set date to re open
great cannoli and cream puffs ! worth the wait . cash only ,
staff is welcoming and respectful . the gym is absolutely beautiful . i love how affordable it is .
i just love this place for breakfast , delicious food and fun atmosphere dont miss it
food is descent . the omelette i had that particular morning was really good . and katlin was the best .
the best . wonderful when the creek is full , still pretty great if not . wish our city had an equivalent .
comfy , cozy , warm and pampered !
great customer service . friendly staff . great selections of frames to choose from . as soon i walked in i was welcome by susan
this is an excellent comfort food restaurant . they have large portions and the prices aren't half bad too .
this place is perfection . i literally do not have a single critique . it's clean , cute , and the food is amazing .
good price and good taste . i prefer order , because it looks more fresh maybe . i love the heart attack here .
amazing coffee and amazing customer service . i was there every single day when i visited pdx .
nik was such a great property tour guide , he was helpful , kind and very patient .
try their deep fry tofu n sausages . self service . just ordered n pick up your food on the counter .
i love that place . great salad bar , but make sure you leave space for the meat ! it is delicious !
great place for brunch ! i have been here a few times and only have good things to say .
hot and fresh . these donuts are good . and the people are friendly . i love coming here .
the reuben here is the best sandwich in all of atlanta . hands down .
good , super rich french food .
excellent service , lovely ambiance and delicious , healthy food . can't wait to go back again !
super thrilled to have this close by for a quick fix on pok pok favorites
my new go to nail spot ! love it . good service and nails look great . i highly recommend this spot .
great new neighborhood pub , clean , good casual food and great tv's
their macaroons are amazing ! the staff is very friendly . love coming here . good food .
this place has the bessssstttttt sushi in the world ! signature dishes ! signature sauces ! the place to goooooooooo for sushi !
sydney gave us the best service . she was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly . i couldn't have asked for a better experience
tried their curbside pickup and the food was amazing . jambalaya egg rolls may be my new favorite food
great place . pork belly was awesome ! coffee drink was too sweet , but nice bourbon selection .
bubble tea made out of real milk and tastes awesome . nice touch for the hot summer day .
yum blue cheese salad burger salmon and grilled chicken , excellent that tito was on the menu
great store . parking lot stinks . good i can bike if necessary .
always love gg , they have good down times when it's not busy , new renovations , and always helpful .
yummmmmm . i havent had pizza this good in years . will try to return whenever i'm in town .
another successful dinner ! food , service , all ! to top it all , magical dining menu was delicious . the veal , incredible !
great decor . great donuts . the cashier staff was super helpful . worth checking out while in portland .
i only ate desert i tried their peach cobbler and it was the best peach cobbler i've ever had .
very nice job ! great massage with the pedicure !
love this vino volo . great service and always open when your flights are late . there's good wine and fantastic snacks !
was wonderful ! amazing plantains , great vegetarian options , lovely service .
great stay for two nights with the helpful staff , great location and updated rooms ! we would definitely stay here again .
excellent massages ! professional atmosphere and very clean place ! enjoyed the total experience .
excellent service and most delicious ribs especially the rib tips i've had in a long time .
best burger and fries in town . home stile goodness ! fries are crispy and seasoned perfect .
great black drip coffee and yummy black bean , egg and cactus breakfast taco . quaint and comfy .
friendly service and great sushi . located in convenient to beltline . out server was very knowledgeable and fast .
certainly convenient , one of those in the terminal hotels . nice rooms , restaurants , staff . surprisingly nice outdoor pool .
amazing restaurant with amazing people ! looking forward to this spots bright future . cheers
good selection . some weird flavors . can't go wrong with the mixed berry . delicious .
easy in and out , covid precautions , got exactly what i needed . thanks o o o o'reilly !
better then pittsburgh store . staff way more friendlier and pickup made much easier .
consistently delicious . hence the great reviews and long line .
love this place ! food is delicious and staff is great as well . thanks for all you do in the community !
for everything from dates to job interviews to special occasions . dependable quality of service , beautiful hair . thanks drybar !
nice and clean , very good experience . there are lots of garage parking spaces . food is pretty good too .
love love love the whole menu ! my favorite are the pb j fries ! fabulous !
love this place ! we come all the time . friendly and fast service . delicious food . a large menu . it's great !
it' good food . and i like the blue crab and the salt pepper shrimp . it's jumbo shrimp .
good place for spanish food . , while visiting boston . the servers were friendly and the food came out quickly .
great spot . super clean , friendly staff . easy parking . delish ! food was hot and fresh . not too salty which is great !
great grass fef healthy options . black bean burger is good . staff friendly live music now
lovely setting . small , intimate , just enough of everything for a one or two person hour of perusing books over coffee .
love , love , love . our favorites are the swirl of vanilla with pineapple and the swirl with orange . yum !
excellent food authentic , fresh , and very tasty . chicken , lamb , hummus were all perfectly prepared and delicious . very friendly staff .
very cool interior . friendly and courteous service . fantastic humus made at your table !
fresh ingredients , clean , and can find a lot of vegan option that i've been craving !
love my local spa ! beth is the best . friendly and professional .
been to this restaurant a few times . never disappointed . my son still loves the nachos !
wonderful ! great food . we enjoyed our last meal so much we made valentines day reservation i would recommend .
hidden gem right here folks . lovely people , fab service and beautiful decor .
great pricing . variety of sushi . the sushi maker was awesome and very attentive !
this place is awesome to have fun with friends songs are good . nice place to check it out .
amazing food with great service and adorable atmosphere . tuna sandwhich on molasses cornbread amazing ! healthy and fresh ingredients . highly recommended !
great selection ! perfect stop for any gift needs .
brilliant vancouver bennys , service sometimes is lacking unless you have the blonde waitress with black rimmed glasses . then it's great !
dakota did a great job cleaning my home . she is very personable and takes pride is her work !
got the grilled pork rolls and yellow chicken curry . excellent flavor and super fresh vegetables in both dishes .
great place for coffee and donuts . many many visits and great service . love the coffee always fresh .
update for previous review . they sent the missing item free of charge . made up for their mistake !
another wonderful little breakfast place . great food and service . good strong coffee .
fantastic cuisine
cheap and delicious beer . pizza smelled great , but we had already ate . best mozzarella sticks ever !
very friendly staff , loved the food , portion are very generous and reasonable price . definitely recommend this place .
pretty fast , super nice ! they accidentally gave me the wrong plate and fixed it with no extra charge .
a great place for bbq . always bring out of town friends by .
loved my nails from last week ! service was good and i felt like i was important .
good ! except its always so busy so you have to make a reservation .
awesome place to chill . great beer selection . not your typical bar food place . drunken pork chops are the bomb !
fabulous cupcakes ! very moist ! perfect ! you must try !
perfect deep fry croquettes , crispy outside and soft inside . pork chop is great but i prefer no sauce
got the job done . guy in stoneham said it couldn't be done . took this place minutes .
our favorite place ! mostly visiting pm and having half prize appetizers . good food and beautiful view !
nice store ! item selection was good . clean friendly environment . will shop here again .
awesome service . so clean ! jessica is amazing . owner is always there making sure things run smooth .
this store is always friendly and clean .
literally the best ramen you'll find in oregon . yum ! clean facility , friendly staff , fast service . delicious food !
great food , attentive staff , cute place , definitely would come back ! had the chicken kao soi and it was great .
best gluten free biscuits i've ever had ! and amazing cold brew java . great wifi speed and staff . two woots up .
this place is great ! everyone is always super nice and beds are always very clean . definitely recommend !
amazing coffee , espresso , tea options , matcha . house made flavors and lovely decor ! my favorite coffee shop in vancouver hands down !
good beer with a great ambiance and awesome people . they are all about community which is very welcomed .
delicious ! very friendly staff and burrito was amazing . highly recommend it .
this hotel is beautiful . has a restaurant and a coffee liquor bar and a convenience store . rooms are super clean and updated .
wow . steak burger , all the fixins . incredible !
excellent breakfast tacos , even better barbacoa ! the owners were really friendly and great prices . we will definitely be back .
great food and solid customer service ! one of our favorite spots in dripping springs .
incredible service ! ask for either abby or nate they are both so incredible . poler stuff is mad crazy cool .
i love this place ! best cocktails and food ! great patio . a feeling of being removed from it all .
very professional and efficient . friendly driver and courteous . the owner is fantastic ! great experience !
alot faster then u think , in and out within mins renew lic and reg
i love everything about this place . vibey . great energy . great stores . great restaurants . nice location .
great place to stop when it's raining . excellent service , lots of tvs for sports fans , and awesome nachos
fabulous coctails , delicious meal of small plates , great service , lovely ambiance go !
their tres beef tacos combo with green sauce is a flavor explosion ! i'd give stars if i could !
unpretentious but hip . the food is great , prices are relatively inexpensive . has a local haunt type of feel .
i love aria nails . tonight i was there at closing time and was so impressed with their sanitation process .
awesome as always . expensive too , but worth it for once in a lifetime experience recommend annually ! .
superb steaks and sides in a swanky atmosphere . the staff is very attentive .
good food , great prices , awesome sauces ! and they have real hibiscus tea !
consistently prepared food . huge portions at a nice price . they know know to season meat . great place for takeaway .
awesome food . enjoyed the proper indian delicacies . went all around vancouver to different restuarants . i feel this is best and a must visit
best ever ! welcoming staff , delicious and affordable food , overall a must eat when visiting portland .
freshly made home style breakfast great taste , great food and lots of choices of omlette and benedicts
lambeth and killian are the best . been seeing them for years .
it was a great time , tons of laughs , challenging but not ridiculous , and i would definitely recommend .
great place to see a bunch of different animals ! you can feed most of the reptiles and fish here .
this place is good . good food good cocktails . represents the best in quality downtown austin .
one of the best coffee places i've ever been to . great options . very friendly staff . it's heaven
affordable delicious drinks . food's great for the price . might not be authentic , but it gets the job done
nice modern bowling alley with arcade . the unlimited bowling option is a plus . attentive servers that bring drinks promptly .
above average sushi place conveniently located next to the movie theater . have had bento boxes and sushi rolls . all good .
friendly staff , great food and drinks . get the billie jean burger and and a congress cooler !
i love the smoke brisket sub and the meatball are my two favorites . like the fresh food for fast food .
great little coffee spot in portland for a quick pick me up . the drinks are consistently good , and well prepared .
one of my new favorites . try the grape drink and the lychee . they are my go to drinks .
this is our favourite fro yo place . the yogurt has a lot more flavour . large selection of toppings .
very friendly staff . we enjoy the moday lunch buffet and tuesday vegaterian buffet .
like i said , best place to eat curryi can't say enough about this place , i just love it
yummy . they're a small bakery with good snacky foods like cookies . i have yet to try their cakes and stuff .
the vibe is fantastic . we felt very safe when we went there . friendly servers and fantastic ownership .
great food , really good unique beer , service was attentive . definitely coming back . highly recommend . the octopus robata was amazing .
these guys were amazing . honest . hard working . showed up on time . fair price . would recommend .
a fantastic pizza and even better customer service . a true winner !
loved this place ! authentic mexican eats . the carne asada burrito and beef tongue tacos were amazing . highly recommend !
absolutely astounding the food was perfect . spiced beautifully , truly the best indian food around !
food was delicious as usual , service however was a little slow . dont forget to order chocolate covered strawberries delicious ! !
red sauce ! i'll be back . new favorite .
the cracker barrel good food at good price . seems like a great chain alway good food .
you have to do this ! i am crying seeing my grandmother from years ago and my children as babies !
amazing donuts ! the staff is so nice and in a convenient location ! i highly recommend
my diner advertises diner portions and prices . definitely lives up to the advertising . friendly and fast service .
one of my favorite deals in town . inexpensive yet gourmet pizza , nice beerselection , and garlic mussels . heaven !
great selection and customer service . i purchase my pet's food here and highly recommend . it's always a great experience .
i love you . cheap coffee . good coffee . great service . i love you . dutch brothers beats starbucks all day long .
amazing food ! the seafood enchiladas are to die for and the chips and salsa are bottomless . come hungry !
my absolute favorite chinese food place to order ! only complaint , wish the portions were bigger .
a touch of nostalgia for all you candy lovers ! they prices are reasonable the customer service is impeccable !
excelente comida mexicana dicho por una mexicana ! te lo recomiendo ! great mexican restaurante . highly recomend !
food was great and the service was incredible ! bartender are very attentive with great recommendations .
interesting selection , though a little chaotic . for an omnivore going out with a vegan , though , it really hit the spot .
it was authentic sushi . authentic flavor of nostalgia is everywhere . good quality fish . lovely .
andouille hustle beignets were sooooooo good ! the coffe sauce for the beignets was delicious !
great food , healthy portions , good value , and kind people . a nice upgrade to the neighborhood . check them out .
we go there often to order pizzas , fish chips and buffalo chicken sandwiches . one of our favorite neighborhood restaurants .
not inexpensive , but high quality food and ingredients , excellent service . i will visit again for sure . excellent place for breakfast .
hand pulled noodles . hey , take it easy with the condiments give the broth a chance .
best chicken in town hands down ! service was even better ! don't cheat yourself treat yourself to some hct !
friendly staff , awesome guitars and pro audio equipment . good locally owned biz .
judy gives a deeeeeeeeep tissue massage . outstanding . she's legit .
no line and way delicious ice cream ! and a gluten waffle cone ! the flavors were original and all very yummy
great place fair price get your free vacuum token .
loved this place . even better that top flr and sound table !
great food ! keith from infusion tea is in the kitchen ! the service is great . it's right next to firefly yoga .
a must see in vancouver especially for families with young kids . very ecologically minded . a great educational experience .
excellent service and a perfectly cooked steak . bartender offered some samples which is always nice .
been here several times for dinner . always exceeds our expectations . the food is freshly prepared by a very good chef !
the decor was relaxing , the service was slow but good , and the food drink was great .
authentic vietnamese restaurant . the staff actually focus on quality of food . i would recommend buying their tea leaves as well .
good iced coffee . laid back atmosphere . just wish the bathroom was less ghetto .
amazing salon . the atmosphere is comfortable and elizabeth is definitely a hair whisperer .
awesome pricey coffee . great atmosphere . a definite stop for a tourist and a popular hang out for locals .
the salt and pepper fish filet is the best fried fish i've ever had . it's incredible and fresh
this will be one of my new go to donair places . friendly staff and good value .
brilliant , spicy good food . excellent choice in movie showings , too .
papaya salad and spicy noodles are awesome . all dishes so far have been great .
quick service super nice employees food is delicious clean environment plan on coming again
great , creative pizza ! cute location , waitress , and interior . get there before pm to avoid a wait or a crowded table !
robert was very professional and helpful did what he said he would do in a very timely manner . thanks robert
good service very polite ! they found my duplex very easily at least i hope it was easy !
friendly , fast , cheap and really good . the chicken was very tasty . miso soup vest good .
most amazing eating experience in orlando and tampa bay area . not your average steak !
this place will definitely become a go to ! brand spanking new restaurant tended by amazing staff and family .
my wife and i love the yo zone . the frozen yogurt is delicious ! i would highly recommend !
great atmosphere , clean , comfy place to enjoy a good coffee . thumbs up .
good food , good coffee , great prices . lots of seating . this business deserves to survive and , i hope , thrive .
great location and really good coffee . they have inside or outside seating options . a nice place to break your pooch .
i have been calling scott from affordable for years , he is very professional and extremely honest .
fast service , neat surroundings and great soup dumplings xiao long bao . will be back
love the food ! always fresh and healthy . and the price point is great .
yes ! good meaty warm burritos made with love ! decent salsa . taco truck i love you !
lexi was such a great server highly recommend ! my food was awesome . mimosas kept coming it was great !
very professional . showed up on time and did an excellent job . bill , the technician , was very friendly and informative . recommended .
great food ! fun atmosphere . nice place to relax visit with friends , have a beer and eat lots of good food !
beautiful cakes , beautiful people , they have the truest love of jesus in their hearts . may god bless their souls !
dr . patel and his team at heart of vinings dentistry are amazing . i am actually excited to go the dentist .
decided to come here instead of going to watermania . much less expensive and a more pleasant experience overall .
favorite place to get dinner ! everything is so devious and the service is exceptional . stars
delicious ! great flavored chicken , little bit of kick , super quick service , and they accept bitcoin ! crazy !
once again great food , great staff . awesome decor and even better food and cocktails !
quality drinks . good service . swank low light interior tschumi esque outdoor patio .
wonderful ! love this place ! always excellent customer service and delish food ! i'm from the ne so reminds me of home
absolutely the best service ! ray is amazing and so understanding . very friendly and professional . i recommend this place !
lolita is still my favorite restaurant in boston .
love this place ! so affordable ! the furniture is beautiful and the staff are very helpful and sweet
great new idea for pod . beer , coffee , gelato , and lots of great carts . and a real brick and mortar building with a real restroom !
great , painfully good massage . i loved it . parking sucks . big time .
good place to watch a canucks game . great caesers . awesome poutine . delightfully welcoming .
where did you put my soul ? ! ? ! ? oh crap i'm gonna barf ! oh look people fucking in the restroom .
amazing customer service and quick service ! have always had great success with les schwab .
one of our go to pandemic lunch spots . amazing prices , fast , good food . no complaints about take out here .
loved the baked tapioca dessert ! i would probably come back just for that ! yum !
the food is great . vegan mac cheese is so delicious ! a tad oily with the burgers but it's all good .
very good rich taste and perfect texture ! i make trips here to this mall just for woops !
great seasonal food . always fresh . great pasta . good drinks . service well informed .
yep , nice quiet location , good coffee , nice staff , clean bathroom , cool outdoor space .
this place is spectacular and quite an experience in itself . the price quality ratio is unbeatable .
great atmosphere , service and food ! pepperoni pizza is amazing ! cesar salad is great and the wine is pretty good too .
amazing staff , very delicious food , cozy and comfortable atmosphere . would definitely recommend
great meats and service . wish they had better sides . make reservations before you go in !
a really great spot . food was super , service was quick and friendly . easy parking , get the poutine !
the food is consistently delicious and every time i go the employees are nice .
i enjoy comin here , just wish they they had some slightly better deals on booster boxes of trading card games
beautiful park ! big trees . small lake . miles of trails . we will definitely be back whenever we visit columbus .
friendly staff , fresh great tasting food , free miso soup , lots to eat for vegans like me . can't go wrong here .
will was our server and was awesome ! great suggestions and loved our food . we will return
great place . they know how to get you in and seated . fresh , delicious . a real treat .
soooo good we came back two nights in a row and waited an hour each time . totally worth it !
good pizza . if you are from the mid west , it's like papa johns and the breadsticks are like pizza hut .
bang for your buck quality service ambiance location . overall .
great dental care . wonderful hygienist . been a patient there for years and couldn't be happier
amazing ! the best sushi , drinks , and service !
get the thurminator . your taste buds won't regret it but your ass might the next day .
awesome environment , quick service , reasonable priced and the california rolls will melt you face off
mor was awesome , she gave me the best service always with a smile great results ! will recommend to all !
great place with wonderful food and interesting microbrews . i'm not a beer fanatic but their wine choices were good , too
my favorite dive bar in boston . super friendly crowd , cheap drinks , and fun games to play .
we loved this breakfast place . it was super friendly , helpful staff and great prices . thank you
caribe royale is awesome i'm actually staying at the hotel for today best hotel everrrr
good food and friendly stuff ! never disappointed , authentic thai food i'm recommend thai place
an excellent little shop within h mart that has friendly staff and serves very tasty drinks !
great breakfasts . eggs are good and so is the stuffed brie and raspberry french toast . worth the money .
delicious food serve fast . i will defiantly be returning next time i go to islands of adventure .
the mass energy drive green program makes buying electric cars a painless experience . the price they negotiate is excellent .
didn't expect such good indian food in richmond . the food was tender and well flavored . highly recommended !
aurelie and her team are great ! very friendly ! delicious food ! i've been here many time for lunch and brunch .
so delicious ! fresh ingredients . saucy ! amazing service . a must try for fried chicken !
best starbucks and service in the area . i highly recommend the green tea frappacino without liquid sugar .
this place was really really good . i highly recommend the tandoor chicken tikka ! great service and really pretty decorations .
makes for a fun date night . their drink selection is massive ! putt putt parking lot in the front
first visit . the food was delicious and bj was very attentive to the needs of our party
terrific neighborhood hardware store , they've got everything you need and the staff is helpful and friendly .
perfect ! great service . great food . great atmosphere . perfect for those that need a disney break .
the donuts are absolutely amazing ! perfect old fashioned styles . highly recommended !
the best delivery in brighton . everything from pasta to pizza is amazing . the delivery is super fast
great place to eat and have fun . this restaurant turn into a night club on saturday nights .
huge huge portions . delicious though and perfect for the main vs . food fans .
obviously you came here for the beer , but try the hush puppies and the popcorn . they'll blow your mind .
fabulous smoothly and latte in between soccer games , friendly staff and nice window seats for people watching
great espresso . great macarons . friendly service . clean bathroom ! beautiful aesthetics .
cool atmosphere , great beer and food ! chili on the chili cheese sausage hot dog is great !
wow those are amazing scones .
delicious food and open late , a nice hangout spot that's better then a bar .
great galbi . very helpful staff . get some korean alcohol like soju . it compliments the great food .
bought many times on uber eats . the noodles and rice are all great . a little oily . but very good .
pretty good food . glad that they open whole day sunday . ordered fried rice with beef . right level of spiciness
please reopen . i'm begging you . legitimately the best chinese food in all of portland .
excellent authentic shawarma sandwich with garlic sauce , middle eastern pickles , and fries . best shawarma in columbus hands down !
cute little coffee shop . nice waiter . real coffee . not that starbucks crap .
highly recommended ! everyone is nice and get you in fast . very impressed !
very very good , great view . food and service was very good considering how crowded the restaurant was , pricey !
very professional , knowledgeable , friendly . thanks dr . davis for your help .
really great atmosphere , healthful creative food , and superior personalized service . must visit restaurant . you will plan to come again !
delicious pizza . like seriously amazing . minus one star for not having reliable delivery .
saint simon is phenomenal ! they are super friendly and use great coffee ! can't recommend this place enough !
excellent sushi and friendly staff !
great place for drinks and good food . good pool tables with new felt . pool and darts are free !
excellent food and service . the atmosphere was terrific as well . ford frye knows what he's doing
great sushi . great location . relatively expensive rolls but really good . nice staff . i'll be back often
fresh not frozen ! delicious . we had the risotto , land and the shrimp with calamari . try the sangrias !
great thai food , enough said . the rama chicken is my personal favorite . service can be hit or miss .
great food and service . thanks , gabby and bavaro's for your flexibility today .
definitely my favourite bubble tea place ! i love asking for both pearls and coconut jellys in my bubble tea !
austin infiniti's service department is completely professional . they are quick , skillful , and soooo considerate of customers' time . the best .
quick , cheap , and professional service . highly recommended . . for any garment !
amazing tacos ! delicious salsa and guacamole . really busy , but that's okay to deal with for the awesome food .
best queso dip ! i order it take out on the reg . haven't tried much of their other menu items .
come on ! kowloon deserves stars , people ! this place is an institution ! respieto !
very convenient location , close to everything . extremely comfortable beds . staff is for the most part very friendly , efficient and professional !
quick to response , easy to work with , did a great job . very happy customer . highly recommended !
the place to go for breakfast when you are stuck at the airport ! egg sand which was scrumptious !
great service , very fair pricing to hem jeans and quick turn around time .
love this place ! phenomenal dessert for when you really want to indulge . friendly staff . just a consistently great experience .
greek yogurt and bacon corn muffins are amazing !
amazing as usual ! food , service and atmosphere . perfect ! try the jalapeno cucumber margaritas ! thank you , charlie !
the pizza was ok , but the stromboli is awesome . i personally really like the ham salami mushroom combo .
we went on father's day and had an excellent dinner . each course was superb and the dessert was delicious .
excellent breakfast spot ! very filling ! come with an appetite ! i had the eggs benedict and couldn't finish the whole meal !
lifeguards are awesome and very helpful . slide is a lot of fun and kids love it .
if you're on the west side , h mart is wayyy better ! ps , uijamya is just way over priced !
very nice folks and an a unique place to visit . this isn't disneyland so don't set your expectations to high .
sabina was great ! i got my brows waxed and i love them ! she's fast , clean and shapes perfect brows
closed aug . vacation . i guess i'll have to wait another week before trying this awesome place .
yummy food , divey atmosphere , my fave mexican in boulder
wonderful cuisine . nice quiet atmosphere . we had a nice time . the drinks are very good too . highly recommend this place .
very good . nice portions had leftovers for lunch . great flavor clean atmosphere , would return .
amazing food and service ! they have rich delicous meals and healthy tasty options !
we love their meat , chicken , bacon . great quality products , also their meatloaf and meatballs are fabulous . i highly recommend shields .
fantastic pizza ! a large , diverse menu of dink options . great local spirit and super convenient
place is just awesome . family friendly . the bocce balls are amazing , as is the gelato .
best burger downtown , awesome breakfast cheese bread , rice bowls are fantastic , i could go on and on !
awesome bbq little location with a big heart and huge servings . my go bbq place when i am here
vernal is the sweetest ! such a beautiful smile and a kind soul . thanks for making our evening !
ever since bagelsaurus popped up in my front yard , every other bagel is just round bread .
very good lobster dishes and creme brulee . excellent service .
the food was exceptional . service was great too . definitely get the momos and some of their fantastic naan .
quirky delicious breakfast spot . we really enjoyed the employees . loved my bean and sweet potato chiii . and the vegan gravy .
amazing poke ! great portions ! will return again and again ! the service was quick and enjoyable !
nice drinks depending on the bartender but i'll come again . chill spot with nice ambiance . more lounge then clubey lol
pretty good selection and very nice help from the sales person .
good place , clean , good location , best deserted i . orlando nice staff recommended ,
first timer and it did not disappoint . tacos are a regular size not small street size . very unique flavors .
best bbq ive had in quite sometime , the brisket really hits the spot and the potato salad was amazing !
call ahead if you want cold taho ! otherwise just walk in for hot taho to take home . it was awesome .
best cupcakes in the city ! i swear ! cake is like pound cake moist n delicious ! best buttercream !
great job on my nails ! very natural feminine ! cute little salon . very friendly staff !
this is a decent place nothing extraordinary . the quantities were okay and the people were very helpful and polite .
did a great job . arrived when scheduled , identified the issues and promptly addressed them . thank you !
good burgers go for the goat cheese , fries , and drinks at good prices . quality hamburger patty .
great for a quick healthier fast food alternative , plus you get unlimited toppings !
great variety n great prices ! servings are huge ! yummy soft serve , food , gelato etc . much better than dairy queen !
great food and authentic flavors . fresh ingredients and beautiful decor with open space . nice for families and groups .
best kept secret in downtown is out . simple but flavorful veggie and chicken dishes including salads , sandwiches , and quesadillas .
they have good pizza here . the price is right . large cheese and a pitcher of pbr for . . yum .
try happy hour for great deals and delicious food calamari , burger , spinach salad .
friendly crew , even when it's close to closing time , always had a positive attitude . i always come to this one .
good quality food . the staff were very friendly and helpful . you have to get the mango lemonade .
super good . noodles cooked to perfection . broth was outstanding . clean . fast service . for . i'll be back for sure .
coming from ny i did not expect good pizza but i was fooled ! it was delicious !
excellent service . beautiful waiting room and technicians that pay attention to detail !
absolutely terrific lunch spot . reasonably priced and the freshest ingredients . one of my favorites .
absolutely delicious . woburn is lucky to have an appealing vegan restaurant . and i'm not vegan !
it was amazing i felt relaxed went in with a pounding headache when i left it was gone
yep tacos . they're authentic and yummolicious . definitely recommend the traditional barbacoa . so so good ! also loved the salsa !
great sunday brunch . get there early lines are long . reasonably priced .
i'm surprised no one rate this . one of the best taiwanese restaurants . only authentic chinese food lovers go there .
love this place ! always really friendly service and free goodies ! this is my go to restaurant !
love the pablano relleno . i can eat it almost every time . friendly staff , clean place , good service .
really fun , different from typical game places very interactive and lots of memorabilia .
for quick cheap spanish food to go , this location is good ! star off because the sanitizer was empty inside .
diana is the best waitress . and bartender i have ever experienced , along with other staff members
so bummed these guys are closed we loved this place . p terry's burgers don't have shit on hangtown .
breakfast here was great ! doris is welcoming and who knew they've been here for eight years ?
amazing people ! amazing food ! amazing experience ! thank you cava ! what a wonderful experience this was ! everyone was so kind !
very nice restaurant ! good view , delicious food . the only pity was that they didn't serve sashimi for dinner
good vegan pho ! rather cramped space inside but a fairly convenient location . i'll be back for more soon .
very good food , nice live music and latin mood . despite loud music , it's ok for kids , my son enjoyed
exceeded my expectations ! fair pricing and great service done in a timely fashion !
great food friendly customer service and my favorite the home made dishes . love okra
reasonably priced . every time i come here , i end up ordering the risottos and i never regret it . simply incredible .
during nice dry weather , this place is sooo much fun ! even better with the groupon deal !
phenomenal food . amazing atmosphere . all meals are prepared vegan . i had the feast waffle and it was truly a delight .
great service and reasonably priced best prices i've seen in town for sweater cleaning ! .
great food and service .
probably my favorite thai place in the area . great value . great service . i'm never disappointed .
had a flat tire this morning , went in the shop , got it replaced . quick , easy , friendly crew . stars .
best pizza around ! very consistent for years . and the ceasar with chicken wrap is awesome . keep it up joe !
pretty small inside . they have a great mix of beers and desserts . the chocolate cheesecake is great !
nice market just what we were looking for while traveling . great choices in the deli and very nice produce .
amazing hair blow out . great price . the place is nothing fancy but gets the job done at a reasonable price .
first time there . cozy fun and the wings were so good . server excellent i will go back
their tacos are amazing ! i've had the chicken , rock fish and salmon all on corn tortillas and all were excellent !
wow , great value for the price . both the drinks and food . everything made from scratch . chili cheese fries amazing .
love this place for hanging out and the foods good too . the staff is great !
the biscuits were delicious and the owner ryan is very passionate about the business . we will be back .
sara was really nice and got me in and out under minutes ! cheap haircuts for a good result !
what a wonderful spot ! great food , lovely , cozy ambience and an excellent , friendly and good looking staff ! love it !
lunch special is unbeatable value and is always delicious . ready for pick up quickly .
perfect in every wy excepts . cheap toilet paper . really ?
great , cheap brunch . friendly service and a nice vibe . perfect spot for a big group who needs mimosas .
great food and wine , very friendly service . try the home fries with garlic aioli it is sooooo good .
delicious ! lots to choose from you can make it as healthy as you'd like .
great job ! fast and thorough cleaning of our tile roof !
good food , super friendly service , and nice inviting decor . definitely recommend this place !
fantastic brunch and the best service i've had in vancouver in years . keep it up !
one of the best pizza places , my husband and me go here all time .
great sushi , great ambiance , great service ! the chefs are super knowledgeable and passionate and make a mean bowl !
cute restaurant , food is good . drinks are kinda pricey . staff is very friendly . great atmosphere .
excellent restaurant . love the service and the food . gnocchi is delicious .
omg ! beyond delicious . there is no more to say . i'm loving beginning my vegan journey .
above and beyond a typical nursery . ashley is it only knowledgeable but exudes kindness . the plants are well loved !
one of my top choices in orlando near the airport . the blt bacon , lobster , tomato is the business
if you love cajun food this is definitely worth checking out . great service and a lot of festive atmosphere .
excellent peruvian food ! chaufa ceviche and cilantro rice are my favorites ! recommended
i thought they did a good job with the panini sandwich and also the tiramisu .
burgers were amazing ! what a fun place ! beers on tap !
my favorite post hike meal . my go to pasta place . perfect wait time for the quality of the dishes .
authentic delicious pasta in a quaint location at a good price . would highly recommend
awesome food ! wonderful people and the price is right as well . the facilities are clean . overall great experience
nice restaurant , great menu and attentive service . i've eaten both lunch and dinner there .
i love this place , especially the mediterranean rice . great combo place as well , friendly service
awesome food , awesome pastries , and amazing chai lattes . if that wasn't enough the drip coffee is pretty good too !
great service and good food . my first time here . i really enjoyed it . they also serve beer and wine
cool staff , cool place . excellent for beginners because it is not very busy !
great location and walking distance to ferry to granville island and swanky shops on robson st .
had good americano , batista was friendly . gave us a shot of the slow brewed cold coffee yummy .
came here for the first rime with my wife . it was a great place to eat , will definitely be back .
this theater is close to me and nice new upgraded reclined seats with numbers .
service was amazing ! rachel was an incredible waitress . kyle the manager made us want to return ! highly recommend !
gotta try em all ! fresh ingredients , amazing staff and the best shaved ice i've ever had ! it's a must !
it is a newly opened vietnamese restaurant , beautiful dining environment , delicious vietnamese cuisine , highly recommended for everyone to try .
our technician was very professional and answered all of our questions . great service !
great wings , fun little counter . not too many vegetarian options .
chicken tenders ! ? more like deep fried angel wings ! get in the car you lazy sack of excrement ! delicious .
great communication . they did our roof , gutters and windows . very thorough .
wow ! great cheese board , minosas ! the location with the shops outdoor area is too cool ! totally awesome !
mother's day celebrated here . great food . lots of seating . cocktails were very delicious . very nice decor . pay for parking .
great location , clean store and friendly staff ! i love the comfortable seats in the dvd section .
good pizza . not the best ever , not horrible . just regular old good pizza . i would recommend this place to others .
i love this location the food is awesome has a great atmosphere and are always caring good place
this place is great ! we had the chicken , cucumbers and shrimp fettuccini and they were all tasty .
these people care about chocolate . see their production facility , learn their story , sample their wares . very impressive .
good bbq for the price . if you spend bucks you get three cent draft beers .
we had a great roasted pork shank with red cabbage and noodles . excellent enough to share and even take home
food was amazing and service outstanding . small and humble business with fair prices . i will def go back .
pros the main entree the service . atmosphere cons hard bread not so good fantasmic package desserts
these people are amazing ! definitely will handle all your lending needs ! justus is very professional and his team is great !
great food , easy and no waiting . smiling people . fab matcha mantou . take the spicy chicken wings . good stuff
whole family enjoys this restaurant . plenty of creative sushi rolls . great location and outdoor seating
the anna's special is my favourite white pizza to date !
food was great . and the service was excellent . this is a very fancy place . good for special occasions .
from the outside , this doesn't look like a restaurant . wonderful izakaya !
this is as good as it gets . what can i say ?
solid , authentic thai food , they'll make it as spicy as you can take it .
nonye is very nice and have been going to her for years would recommend sylvia or abby
huge portions ! really tasty and quick service . i paid about for a large serving of pho and spring rolls .
very high quality food . the flavors are outstanding ! very good veggie options .
went there for buffet , great deal . drink included . lots of options including vegetarian , totally give this place a try !
the best cookies i have ever had . the oatmeal and the sea salt chocolate were divine . highly recommend .
great service . dropped sandwhich on the floor and they gave me a new one .
nice place , good selection . wish they sold antigal uno malbec , but definitely a classy compliment to the area .
great massage , good service ! staff are always friendly and massages are always great . good location with lots of parking .
wonderful service . good food sets me in a good mood for the day ! my new favorite breakfast in atlanta
great food , massive portions and fast service . freidy was an excellent server ! would definitely recommend for a fun atmosphere .
loved the atmosphere and the service was great ! good quality hookah and coffee .
love their jerk chicken and you get so much with one order so you have left overs for later !
good food but a little on the expensive side . service was great . great place for those special occasions
awesome place , food and service ! they have a good variety , good prices as well and they are fast !
excellent salmon with shrimp . cooked to perfection . also had a fresh green salad and glass of chardonnay . nice atmosphere .
the restaurant was great . the shrimp , fried dumplings and vegetables in garlic sauce were amazing .
great food , service , cocktail and fair price .
the food was simply amazing ! their chicken shawarma with rice , spicy potatoes and french fries were perfect !
we were very impressed with the entire experience . i suggest the butter milk squash spaghetti or the salmon . highly recommended !
great local bookstore . perfect for quick kids birthday gifts because of the free giftwrapping .
great place , great food , great prices , great service . much better than what outback has become .
we love woody's it's better than the other local bbq chains .
awesome band tonight . gasoline lollipop . great bar and service . great old town setting . food was ok but atmosphere is awesome .
the cold brew is where it's at . great coffee . great staff . i especially love the layout of this place .
great service , great clean vehicles , super sweet drivers . i also love that they are so community minded ! thanks
toro was good enough to end up in nyc . 'nuff said .
best pandan waffle of life . warm , crispy exterior , rice flour chewy interior , not overly sweet , rich coconut flavour . insanely good .
yum ! very friendly staff , excellent pies . my favorite is the bootlegger with the mashed potatoes and gravy slider .
delicious and affordable sandwiches yum ! i live in the neighborhood and get food here a couple times a month .
fresh sushi in a lively place , we steered clear of the all you can eat and enjoyed beef and salmon with some sake . yum !
nice place to walk around . lots of food choices .
excellent customer service , and they carry brands and products you can't find most other places .
great mall has a great collection of stores but i did not find eyewear store that has up today frames .
awesome food and service . their club sandwich is huge and so tasty ! loaded with meat and never disappointed .
kao soi here is very authentic . lad nah is very good too ! i went there times never disappointed !
i miss this place . my favorite japanese restaurant in austin , or anyplace for that matter .
love this place great food . stars because of the odd seating arrangements and it's usually hard to hear .
great customer service . quick easy process . responsive and provided everything i was looking for .
we had a great time working with copenhagen glenn was super helpful and delivery crew were very good and helpful
love this place ! delicious food and they have gluten free pita bread !
very good . great atmosphere , all our dinners were superb . the curry cauliflower was amazing . nice small neighborhood hang out .
nice atmosphere quilt food good service nice views . the food was reasonably priced and very good .
super good and fresh would recommend ! has a great atmosphere and the waiters are nice and attentive !
really good vegetarian jambalaya ! margaritas are excellent as well . would recommend it and go again
kids loved the pizza .
got the bulgogi taco ! the sauce was kind of sweet , but beats the kolgi truck in la .
kombucha ! dive bar indeed but a fun and friendly one
everything we ordered was great . the green monster was my favorite . great layering of flavors . delicious !
i use this location anytime carmine's in squantum is closed for pizza .
cocktails are amazing ! will definitely return for a second visit ! side note the fried shark was delicious !
excellent food at a fairly reasonable price . i highly recommend the lunch time buffet . it's a great deal .
this place has it all from sushi to great salads to coffee and bagels you can't go wrong here .
this is one of my favorites . the waitresses are really friendly . my son enjoys his kids size ice cream .
best bagels in north van . friendly staff . lovely atmosphere . fresh food fries are great !
i had the seco lamb , it was ok , a little tough . the starters and desserts are great too
the soups are phenomenal ! noodles were great as well ! very hard not to eat here everyday !
penn station east coast subs are the best in atlanta ! cheese steak sub is always consistant .
corey and his team are top quality , honest people . if you need your transmission looked at come here .
super fresh ingredients , huge delicious burritos , friendly people . excellent tres leches cake . what exactly are you waiting for ?
free parking validation , clean restrooms theatre , discount days on certain days of the week .
food is great and the espresso martinis cannot be beat !
ed was timely , did great work and provided quality advice as well . happy to recommend and will use again .
mega burrito ! try it ! best breakfast also lunch cuz they are huge burrito you will find . i love this place .
best burger ever . i mean , everything else is great i've had it all . but get the burger . trust me .
i'm sorry i rushed you today but the cake looks beautiful and it is my friend's favorite cake !
the food is great . good scenery and vibe . i would recommend this place especially with a group of friends
love it cant get enough of the gyros , greek potatoes and the spanakopita . service is great . super family friendly .
i had a great time here ! food was great . drinks awesome . service was wonderful . great laid back atmosphere ! highly recommend .
best dessert in my life . homemade coconut corn icecream on top of warm sticky rice . unique delightful !
this was really good food . slow start , but we came in at opening . would highly recommend
food was good quality and everything we ordered was great . we ordered biryani and chicken curries .
the tots are insane here . tried the naughty in nogales tots and they were perfect . n
great place for a great coffee . yelpers check it out great service everytime great conversation great atmosphere
solid breakfast options . their skillets are pretty tasty . also really like their use of the yelp app for their waitlist .
very cute bookshop cafe . the brie and apple omlet was delicious ! the coffe was really good too
only had a few dishes , but was thoroughly impressed . very attentive , patient service . creative , well executed food . reasonable wine list .
first time in boston and wanted fresh seafood . definitely got that here ! amazing clam chowder and lobster roll .
nice enough , nothing extraordinary about the service . free wifi but only one accessible outlet very important to me .
flat track bike repair and coffee house is the bomb ! super fast and affordable bike repair ! super friendly peeps ! thabks !
didn't expect to find such good seafood in atlanta coming from md , but here i am . such good food !
amazing breakfast and great people working there too . only here for days and will definitely be going twice .
i love the combo wings with chipotle parmesan sauce the best !
been here multiple times great food , decent pricing , good beer cider selection .
great service , good food , nice location . yay ! i'm a fan .
great lunch spot on weekdays . it usually get packed after pm . dinner is usually more quiet .
fast friendly service did a very efficient repair of iphone . repaired while i waited . thanks !
amazing tri tip sandwich . i recommend cali style . if one hadn't filled me up i would have got another .
great sandwiches very fresh and quick service ! will be back best sub i have had in a long time
great service from reception to doctor . the staff are friendly , positive , knowledgeable and gentle .
delicious drinks , pleasant place to sit . open on a bad weather day . green tea mache was excellent , so good .
best spot , open til pm most days still and offers best prices for quantity of food . so good too !
i love the food and pastries . this was my first time good experience . i love the alfajores , they were delicious !
ok i can be stingy w the star reviews , but vinny's deserves it ! mmmmmmmmm
really , really great happy hour ! mon through thursday and wine down wednesday ! whoop !
pricey for the size but the red velvet is to die for . what else is there to say ?
deep dish pizza tasty , salad very fresh good , tomato basil soup good too . friendly place , bar area , too .
cajun food that is very tasty ! large portions for the money with great flavor and convenient location .
very tasty fruit and whip cream smothered waffle . enjoyed the green tea lemonade as well . that's it . short and sweet .
mmmm good . just come and try it because to me its awesome ! very delicious ! now let me eat !
the food was great ! i had the buffalo bob burger . hands down one of the best burgers i've ever had !
the food and service ws great just a lil too pricey but i will prefer this place over mellow mushroom
food and service was fantastic ! brought my parents here from out of town and they were amazed . ricardo was phenomenal .
great service , great establishment , great first experience for my boyfriend pedicure . definitely will return !
great take out sushi ! sushi was on point . great spice on spicy items and awesome crunch on tempura items .
the first time to try poke . the location is convenient . i made my own poke . the service is good .
awesome experience ! very friendly staff , clean facility and great prices ! i will be returning here again . thank you .
update . i like their chinese food . great chicken and broccoli , and lo main . very quick delivery
i yell make me a sandwich ! they make me a sandwich . what's not to like ? good little humans .
ton of fun , really made us think ! we did the alien zoo . highly recommend doing this one .
really good pizza . prosciutto and mozzarella and olive oil also are really good . amazing brown ale !
word awesome chicken lollipops , among other things , and fantastic drinks !
a faerie fairy gallery , store , and general space of community . right in the heart of hawthorne .
always greet with their clients with warm smiles and tea . products are great and just great gifts for all occasions .
the food here is great and the employees r very nice . i would recommend this place to everyone
always reliable during these odd times . online ordering a little unconventional but works fine . love the chicken bhuna .
jill price and lance rosenau are both amazing dentist . the front office is extremely helpful and very professional .
agnes muriel's haiku review barbie ken blast through miles of southern veggies poodles pile on brunch .
friendly staff , helpful . took off a star because the house brand remanufacture products always break
i come here only for the butter cake and cappuccino . both are unbelievable . it's our place just for dessert !
super consistent , so you pick your favorites and you stick with them . always happy . buffalo finger wrap is everything .
great empanadas here , made fresh . very friendly staff and welcoming . , they have one table available next to the cart .
i was pretty happy with this place . the service was really good and the salmon was amazing !
very unique food . the wings are crave worthy . yum
wisdom teeth procedure staff was friendly , professional and efficient . no complaints .
very chill cool vibe here , i'm never disappointed with this place . specials and food are great as well .
lots of fun . nice activity for groups ! loved it !
i've been a customer for years . they are always friendly , honest and reasonably priced . i would highly recommend them !
i just had to have the hank hill experience . bbq was awesome . i liked the hand jacuzzi too . stars .
the best french restaurant in town ! i had the sweetbreads and they were delicious !
i love this place so much . they recreated an entemanns marshmallow cake . pics to come
. so thankful to have found this gem . best thai lao food in austin . highly recommend . every single dish .
best cheese enchiladas in austin . for the price , it is well worth it . always a decent crowd ar lunch .
super delicious great service . if you never tried indonesian food , please try this one !
the food court has free samples of sushi ! and chicken ! and cookies !
drive thru sucks . we've been waiting to order for over minutes . hopefully they get our order right this time .
love this place . excellent service , consistently good quick food and priced right . their teriyaki sauce is the best !
the best in town ! we loved it ! the oysters are amazing ! just do not miss this in atlanta
fantastic burger and yummy fries . i'm a native virginian , so extra points for the name too .
super delicious ! so much cheese and flavor ! the wait sucks though . minutes for takeout . it's worth it though
amazing , kind , and helpful staff , lots of choices and a fun , bright environment for painting . we'll return !
boa comida e atmosfera divertida .
my favorite ice cream shop in decatur . add the hot fudge and everything is all right .
a fresh purist cronut is the best thing ever !
great for intimate brunch with friends . love the poached eggs !
everything here is so amazing . soft hot pita breads and amazing deserts ! when in orlando this place is a must !
amazing place , the sweets are so delicious and decadent . so many can't go wrong choices . yum
decent food . good atmosphere . quick in and out type of spot . prices are slightly steep . staff is super friendly .
not what i expected . it was much better than that . you gotta try this place . the polenta is dope !
these people are so caring about the animals and humans . i would highly recommend them any day !
the owner is great . friendly staff great food , great service . definitely will be back . fun establishment .
reliable , cheap japanese option . probably the best restaurant in the longwood galleria . chicken teriyaki always on special so good
great services and food . i got the bloody mary pizza and it was great . professional and friendly staff .
ordered the dallas , crunchy , medium . prefect sear and temperature . sweet potato fries are excellent .
a big fan . good service . good food . great donuts . and nice folks around to talk to .
they have some authentic dishes that i can't find elsewhere . enjoyed my meal here a lot !
my favorite taco place . definitely give the fish tacos a try .
had an amazing margarita pizza ! great service and even better food ! i highly recommend !
best thai food in columbus . period . i recommend the chicken green curry . so good !
sausage without egg and two hash browns . oh so yummy a treat for .
one of the few old school chinese restaurants left downtown . tasty and well priced . closes early though pm .
man this was a straight fire . the staff gives off a positive energy . best sandwich place in atl .
i go see elaine and am never disappointed ! good haircut and a great price .
this place has the best pizza . they deliver very fast with hot food . so impressed during this time .
visited today for the first time . staff was super friendly and the food was delicious ! highly recommend !
great friendly service ! you guys made purchasing our travel trailer a good experience . thanks !
delicious , fresh food with great flavor combinations . very genuinely friendly staff . will come back again !
it was years ago that i visited this place , but i remember the food and service were great !
went back again . did not disappoint ! just fantastic . nice little treasure for boulder .
awesome place ! they have just about everything . will come back for sure ! the flat breads are really goo
amazingly flavored food . delicious chicken . surprised that our waitress said she couldn't separate our check , per policy .
i love the . tofu sandwiches . perfect lightly toasted bread , fresh cilantro and some heat from hidden peppers .
awesome selection of cigars and scotch . no better place near downtown for a stogie and a drink .
good cinema to see movies . the seats are comfortable , food is decent , easy parking , and close to the highway .
very impressed . the lemon pepper wings awesome . with the price worth it . and fast delivery .
dreamy , magical . i swear they lace the hot chocolate . it's that good
good food . nice atmosphere . friendly staff . good service . plenty of parking spots . right off the interstate . nice view .
knowledgeable help . good price discounts . good selection . never rushed to decide . will be back .
fantastic cuisine and wonderful ambiance is beautiful and very noteworthy food a dining experience to remember
really , really good pizza and pasta . not terribly expensive , and their food is delish .
blueberry apple fritter is amazing . the staff is really friendly .
meehans is by far the overall best restaurant and bar in atlantic station ! great food , service and drinks !
this place has the best italian food in boston no . definitely eat here when you're in the city .
such a cute place . i'm glad my mom and i stumbled across this . great service . great coffee .
excellent happy hr prices and fresh delicious food ! they even have lunch !
great shack burger as usual . chicken burger is fairly average . on time with online orders .
a friendly atmosphere and delicious sweets and sandwiches . several gluten free choices . must stop in .
fantastic indian food , haven't tried their pizzas yet ! highly recommend for take out or delivery .
best pizza in grove city . skip by tammy's and go here .
well done . great service , excellent food in a beautiful setting .
i had a very tasty spinach cheese omelet on a asiago roll . good coffee , great service !
loved the food . great zocalo burger and sweet potato fries ! very efficient operation and very clean .
da bomb ! i'll be writing more later , i promise . definitely worth the stars , i assure you .
always great service . i've had repairs , shades made and custom wood work from riley . great staff and great store puppy !
pretty good . staff was fairly helpful .
great beer granville island pale ale and honey lager . old fashioned burger with fries . perfect
excellent food for an excellent price ! will definitely come back . try the cookie dough pancakes !
good apps . happy waitress . beautiful weather to sit on the street .
fantastic for all your dance needs and a specially pointe shoe fittings ! love the staff !
love this place ! drinks , atmosphere and service was outstanding . definitely highly recommend .
vast selection of bulk herbs , reasonably priced friendly , helpful staff
great cupcakes had them an event in atlanta that i attended
the food is spectacular . the fish plate is some of the best in town . the servers are pleasant . love this place .
good food , friendly service , quality drinks it's great to have a new place like this in the neighborhood .
this place is great ! from the convenience of parking , to delightful food , and friendly service .
best chicken i have ever had . the staff is friendly and the restaurant has a vibrant atmosphere . must try .
fantastic laundromat with lots of washers and dryers . a few blocks from a blue star donuts location !
always the place for the best mexican food and margaritas in town ! great staff , best food , warm atmosphere !
probably my favorite coffee shop in town . has a great atmosphere and really good coffee . highly recommend checking them out !
jillian is responsive to needs , and provides an amazing massage !
like it it's the subway of burritos . the food is fresh and fast a generally delicious ! excelent salads and burritos .
great selection of vegan stuff including chocolate !
great customer oriented service . my favorite oil change place by far . their facility is clean , and they offer complimentary coffee . thank you !
really great food and connected to arch bridges taphouse . not open monday and tuesday fyi . great cocktails also !
veggie pizza is amazing . love the fun vibe inside as well . great for a casual weekend night on the town .
incredible ! i had the greek salad with gyro . delicious and easy on the wallet .
tom treated us like family . great selection and even better service . family owned business , worth supporting local . thanks tom !
amazing ! best mexican food in portland ! so happy it's in my neighborhood .
great car wash ! cleans really well ! the president pressure wash makes the difference
love this place ! the staff , the food , the environment is just perfect ! super low key and yet excellent food !
the menu and wine list are a little intimidating but the food , service and atmosphere are fantastic .
every time i come here holly and staff are so amazing and they make the prettiest bowls ever .
blown away by the sheer beauty and size . so much to do . so many trails . what a gorgeous place .
love the atmosphere almost as much as the food . try the devils on horseback they are a delight .
good food , nice ambiance , and friendly staff . they prepare traditional delicious cocktails . i would definitely recommend the swordfish dish .
sweet place . great food , nice people , cozy um , also small and popular .
everyone needs to know this . mango mochi is amazing ! i can tell the baker was train in hong kong .
love love love the bar staff including lindsey , gabby , austin and dee . fast and friendly service
great service . relaxed vibe and the best baby back ribs i've ever had ! always happy with this place
delicious ! noodles , fried rice , ribs , soup , dumplings . everything was amazing . great flavor . will go back . often ! highly recommend .
good place to watch a ball game . the beers are ice cold and the fish and chips was really good .
lots of locals in this joint . great little place for breakfast or lunch . food is good and price are too !
dawn and al run this place and they are welcoming , serve great coffee , and keep the place interesting .
saw this reviewed on the front page of yelp on february , and decided to book mark this .
i'm still keeping the stars here but . strangely not open at all on tuesdays .
service advisors are friendly . the service technicians are efficient and have quality performance only found at germain lexus of dublin
love this place great price , epic cheesy bread , fun little atmosphere . geared to families but good to all d
outside of traveling to tokyo , the grilled octopus here is likely the best you'll ever have . no lie .
great job guys getting those bugs off . well organized and efficient operation .
tons to do . mini golf , clubs , restaurants and more . very entertaining and fun .
good burger for takeout . ordering can suck though and you have to go in the backdoor to get your food .
excellent food service i have been to villa francesca many times traveling from fresno california best italian restaurant in boston
best barbecue i've ever eaten ! brisket and ribs to die for , great job yall !
megan was fantastic ! mix the carolina sweet bbq sauces together for an excellent result . ribs brisket were incredible .
amazing and really nice place ! i highly recommend you to try their basket with jumbo shrimps .
everything was perfect from start to finish . we had the wings and the french dip sandwich .
was good as awlays love pei wei . friendly staff good food .
great sandwiches and great service . entire staff very friendly . we go to honeysuckle at least twice a month .
second time being here , will be back consistently . this is absolutely one of the best restaurants in the area .
this place is great . the general tso chicken is perfect . they also deliver so that's a major plus .
one of my favorite lunch spots in cobb and affordable . try the matt's shrimp conconction . the french fries are bananas !
the folks here were super attentive and the hair cut was as good as bird's but x cheaper . w t
love the atmosphere , friendliness of staff and incredible food . definitely will be revisiting .
first time here it's pretty good and a great variety to choose from . cashier super nice !
the communication was top notch . everything was on time and efficient . very kind and courteous . highly recommended
excellent . great bread , banh xeo is the best . great staff . highly recommend . worth the drive .
excellent food with excellent service , i would recommend to meat lovers as well as vegans !
good local place , fresh fish , gentle prices , especially for this area , friendly service
really good . the guy was super nice and patient with me . and made the best frappe i ever had d .
i had sasime lunch and it was the best sushi i've had . great customer service . deserve star .
best chicken and rice in the boston area ! and the hearty fries were amazing !
had my first gabriel's sub ever this week . meatball on wheat . it was perfect . i'm never going to subway again !
relaxing outside patio , attentive staff and great corn beef hash breakfast and banana nut french toast .
great selection and very helpful ! looking forward to coming back for prom shopping . good pricing too .
delicious delicious hot food . great customer service . get the truffle mushroom burger . just do it .
took down a non functional chimney . great proactive advice . solid workmanship .
great food , a lot of choices for vegetarians as well as gluten free options for those with gluten allergies .
went on friday evening . greeted seated promptly . good food and cold beer . glad to have them in the community .
this is not the closest costco to my house , but this one has a liquor store !
awesome pastries and cakes , i wish there were more places like this !
best local bbq around hands down . and the creative menu options ensure there is something for everyone !
great food , service with a smile and fair prices . they even make their own salad dressing and it is fantastic !
the spicy kale wraps are off the chain . i'm hooked . they are so good !
kinda goofy but cute and you get to see hagrid's hut .
best pho , i ordered , and jasmine tea . service was fast and the price was awesome
i really liked this place . they make really good chaats and parantha is also very good .
probably the best chicken quesadilla i've ever had . service was great too ! new lunch spot .
bagels were so good . like actually getting them from brooklyn . staff was friendly i recommend
the family platter . must i say more ? splurge and get that . i dream of their food . what a gem .
fascino salon spa stylists down to earth , no attitude , friendly yet professional atmosphere trendy , hipster chic skills techniques priceless !
the food was really good ! the bartender was super nice and attentive . we had a good time here .
delicious mexican food ! great prices like . all you can eat taco wednesday . great service !
best customer service ! nice people and great food . waiter was very patient with me and my party . we'll definitely return !
wow , amazing place ! great food , great drinks and really upbeat place with really friendly people
this is the best coffee shop in portland , every drink i've gotten has been better than the last , so underrated
franklin's is the best ! do you really have hours of your day to waste to get some awesome bbq ?
tasty pizza , great vibe , good beers in an interesting neighborhood .
one of the best places to bring visitors for a full experience . enjoy the art by the late todd murphy
simple place . the buns are delicious . especially the duck ! this is truly a hidden gem in st . johns .
wow . best bbq brisket cut like butter and the sides were delicious . mac and cheese was delicious
this is the best banh mi i have had out here ! delicious , authentic , flavorful . comfort food
their a wagyu and toro nigiri are amazing . also they have the best hibachi in the greater atlanta area
excellent friendly service with an awesome happy hour menu . the truffled macaroni is amazing .
the place burnt down word on the street is that butt gas and kitchen grease started a fire .
great spinach quiche , perfectly flaky crust , good portion . nice lightly dressed salad to balance
nice small coffee place . had a good breakfast sandwich and cold brew . small counter to sit and eat .
best donuts i've tasted . chip ahoys , apple pie , blueberry , chocolate . i'm telling you , these were outstanding donuts .
amazing food and always amazing service . ask for the extra hot green chili if you like it hot .
great service larry was great and really helped me find a nice looking pair of glasses .
best place for a quick beer and good food ! nestor the professor had me very hydrated !
everything was delicious . service was professional and attentive . atmosphere was elegant and trendy .
ron is a life savor ! ask for him ! he's the best ! you won't regret it ! best place ever !
half naked hotties ? check geeks getting to be cool ? check the best costumes ever ? check love it !
i use clow roofing because they stand behind there work and i always like working with jeff
i love the environment and background music of this restaurant . the large oysters were good .
delicious mexican martinis ! and pretty large . about glasses full in the shaker . tacos were yummy and flan was amazing
great place for sunday brunch ! all your breakfast favorites . not to mention all you can drink bloody marys !
very busy restaurant . food is tasty . service is good . price is reasonable . definitely coming back .
nice sushi , rolls and salads . kids and adults both liked it .
if you haven't been here you missed austin . great food great service and great location to hang out and chill .
good service and nice view . ordered chicken cesar and a fish sandwich and they were both good !
hurricanes taste great as does the food . been here multiple times , always a pleasant experience .
great service excellent food ! highly recommend . staff very professional and kind ! lot of parking available
shrimp poboy and jambalaya were amazing . very economical and worth it ! service was quick and efficient .
drunken noodles is out of this world . delicious . great service and atmosphere . great prices . almost perfect .
best barbershop in pflugerville ! i only went with myron . he's legit , quiet and gives the best haircuts !
warm , inviting atmosphere and staff . this is where i go for comfort food and tasty german beer !
great restaurant and the ambiance was excellent . i enjoyed the octopus and lamb chops . definitely will be going back
very polite staff great food . definitely try all the meze's . best baklava i had in ma . well done !
we go here regularly and the food is always excellent , as well as the service . highly recommended !
happy hour with half priced appetizers is the place to be ! highly recommend the nachitos and queso !
i love universal studios . the place is awesome . i love going to citywalk and the movie theater is great .
now owned by crosby's , but retaining the special henry's character and prepared foods .
delicious mexican food , great service and atmosphere is amazing , definitely will come back and order more adobada tacos
the absolute best italian sub i've ever had ! everything from the bread to the banana peppers ! amazing ! we'll definitely return !
great service , people very polite , fast service , and food was delicious
absolutely loving my manicure from anne and pedicure from hannah . i'll be back !
iexcellent , friendly , prompt . beautiful atmosphere , luxurious . i have been coming to amy for years .
this was a great restaurant good food and great service . the cornbread was delectable .
this job is in process and will be re reviewed when completed . progress to date is excellent .
fantastic pizza , great people , excellent service , clean and beautiful environment , few wifi . what else is there ?
we love this place ! great food and friendly service . one of the best food carts in portland !
matt's garbage plate is to die for ! definitely an authentic rochester garbage plate . you won't be disappointed !
very friendly and helpful service . cachapa con queso and the mango shake were amazing . we will be returning
been coming here for yrs now food always hot and fresh recommend to anyone looking for good food
had their fried red snapper and lamb stew specials and plantain appetizers . proportions are huge and the food was amazing .
friendly owner and tasty food . i ordered the chopped fish with spice , and it tastes like haven .
excelente service ! great food ! my husband and i enjoyed the environment and our time there .
drive throughs and a walk up window with outside seating only . craziest chick fil a i have ever seen .
great food ! carrot cake is a must . different chicken salads that you must try .
we've gotten bread from grace for years , and it's amazing ! it's easily the best sourdough there is !
if your looking for a solid , basic , meal , this is as good as it gets
the review i wrote and moved was for the airport payless . i know nothing about this location payless .
great place to get juice and tastes so great . love this place . the juice is amazing and worth the drive .
very honest , great service , super fast . this is the place that you want to take your car
fresh , healthy , really good tacos at good prices . definitely recommend .
reliable and dependable for eat in or take out in the western suburbs . convenient location . good service . pleasant decor .
amazing crepes and i started going to spider house again just for them .
this is a beautiful and tranquil restaurant , with a great atmosphere . great food , very small portions , and very high prices .
very nice people , great food at fair price . what else can you ask for ? big portions . tomorrows lunch .
yeah yeah . hands down best sushi in the commonwealth . seriously religious experience good .
the most amazing squid ink pasta you will find in boston . highly recommended . cash only .
love the vibe , staff is beyond friendly , golocal business the cappuccino in my hand is delic . affordable too !
they do quality work and i don't feel like they are trying to rip you off .
great drink selection . the coconut shrimp is tasty and finally the staff is very helpful .
great fast food . friendly service . clean facility . i really like the fish taco and the mango salsa .
one of my favorite restaurants in atlanta ! i'm always in the mood for a double stack !
this was one of the best mexican restaurants we have eaten at . portions were plentiful and the prices were reasonable .
this place is absolutely excellent . the food tastes homemade and not pre canned . i had excellent shrimp tacos .
bryce and ashley were very quick and helpful helping us with our homeowners insurance . would definitely recommend .
sweets are good but so are the savory items . would recommend for bfast , brunch , and lunch . try the curry sandwich .
their springs rolls and pho ga are the best i've ever had ! so fresh and so delicious !
tamarind indian cuisine is amazing ! the service is excellent and the food is so fresh and delicious .
a bit pricey but a good selection open late and convenient location on mass ave between porter and harvard squares .
completely customizable japanese stir fry . make it as healthy or decadent as you wish with fresh ingredients cooked to order .
awesome healthy food ! what a cool meal from a trailer . i hope it saved it on the map .
great food ! nice atmosphere customer service is good .
perfect mom and pop shop , best live seafood in town !
closing at the end of august ? booooooooooooooooooooooooo ! the entire neighborhood is in mourning !
great sustainable selection of products in reusable refillable containers .
absolutely delicious ! if you are looking for a great place for a soup and a sandwich this is it !
beautiful hotel , friendly staff and clean and comfy rooms . great rate and location as well .
this place was so much more than expected . please order the empanadas de carne and piquillos rellenos . delicious
this store is in a great location . i love the cushy chairs and leather sofa .
excellent , quick mexican food . across street from wallis st larcom theatre so convenient prior to seeing a show
damn fine steak ! outstanding bourbon selection ! dessert was phenomenal . this is a great restaurant with excellent ambiance .
i am noodles ramen addict . they have the best broth . period . everything else is ok .
delicious and good prices . for eggs , home fries , bacon , toast and orange juice all together .
came for blazers game . great food and service . bartender andres made a fantastic margarita ! highly recommend . torta was amazing
they have a fan page on facebook . join to stay updated about free tastings and events ! good stuff .
food does not looks good , but taste is grate . price is reasonable and service is excellent .
this place is just mind boggling sick
we are happy with our solar panels and the service and installation .
it's a pot dispensary that's practically in my living room . how convenient . definitely has it all going on !
four of us for dinner last wednesday . excellent food and excellent service from jean pierre . so pleased . many , many thanks .
one of my favorites in the area ! great food , really nice owners and waiters , too . we go there about x week !
thumbs up to the newton at t . would definitely do business here again . bass was courteous , helpful , and very knowledgeable .
solid brews in a great atmosphere . the owner , paul , is top notch .
great unique atmosphere and menu . friendly customer service . we are locals and go there often .
the food our server was great ! when i come back to atl i will definitely be visiting again .
my favourite nail shop for many years . very clean and professional . the staffs are super nice ! highly recommend !
inviting atmosphere and attentive service ! highly recommend as the rolls were fresh and huge ! looking forward to going back soon !
step go there on monday step have the best pizza you've ever had step repeat
fabulous and fresh every time . i especially love the lunch specials ! a favorite go to .
everything was delicious and fresh . try the stuffed lobster , steamers , shrimp and garlic with pasta .
been here a bunch of times . love it . love it . awesome atmosphere , reasonable prices , and extremely friendly staff .
awesome food , excellent service . kris our waitress was attentive , helpful and fun . she really made the experience !
my favorite meal in portland ! so fresh and wonderful . the flavors were really amazing .
somewhat hidden bar in buckhead . there is a band that plays on weekends and the atmosphere is great .
great pizza and wings . no delivery but well worth driving there . you won't be disappointed .
jimmie was upfront and honest , i enjoy men and women like this . i'd do business with them again .
disappointed that watermelon beer was not in season but the blueberry beer still made it stars
pork belly sandwich , enough said . small seating arrangements in a unique location of portland .
everything is good . just read the other reviews and look at the pictures . you'll be hooked .
great gluten free pasta . best gluten free pasta i've had . would definitely go back
excellent food , friendly host staff , wait staff , and talented cooks . great atmosphere .
great juice jitsu and must thai remember you only get back what you put in
excellent food great service the price is right will come back next time we are in orlando .
nice covered splashpad and playground for the kids . nice little picnic area as well . not overly crowded .
excellent pizza with fantastic toppings ! had the one with eggs on top . ridiculously amazing !
fine place to chug mojitos before catching a screening of indian jones . also held my own mini seder here .
love this sushi place ! golden cali rocks my socks off and the beef udon is yuuuummmmm
french brie sandwich , espresso , macadamia nut cookie amazing . great service . great atmosphere , will definitely be back !
this gem in waltham was great . fantastic service and food was delicious . would go back in heartbeat
come for the churros , stay for the mexican iced chocolate . seriously , mexican . iced . chocolate .
great tasting coffee and cool looking place . a little pricey and i wish there was more seating .
had pho with whole family . great service and pho was excellent . glad to have found this gem .
for real , a very tasty burrito ! lots of succulent chicken and melted cheese . our party of three was very impressed !
best mac n cheese i've ever had ! al pastor taco was incredible as well . best vegan place in austin !
great people watching and drinking spot . pizza is delicious as is the prosciutto wrapped caesar salad .
great spot in mt dora ! sat upstairs at bar . server was attentive and friends friendly .
great lunch outside big sand lake . guacamole was super good . chad was a great server .
love the new location ! its absolutely gorgeous and there's parking ! looks like this will be my new nail spot !
had a lovely valentine's day meal here ! i had the shrimp and lobster fra diavolo and loved it !
amazing and the best mexican food . the servers are extremely friendly and food is so so delicious !
atmosphere awesome , i had mushroom stroganoff , soooo good ! definitely recommend this place .
best taekwondo helps my son a lot . he enjoyed his time here .
classic mexican food . nachos were delicious , basa soft tacos were awesome , green sauce was amazing . best i've had in vancouver .
great fake meat bbq chicken , sweet potato fries and slaw ! huge portion sizes , good prices . i'll definitely be back .
great food and service . we try to go here a couple of times a month .
food was great . i wish they had smaller portion so i could try more lol .
great outside patio area . service was amazing . beers out of this world . blueberry muffin sour and pineapple ipa just perfect !
the burgers are so cute ! and the truffle fries are super delicious ! staff are always so nice and welcoming
amazing . simple and amazing , old fashion italian ! feel and taste like the streets in italy
great food , great sushi very clean ! i love the mai tai fresh tasting rice , and specialty dishes
always great service and food , mmmm
best bbq i've found in florida so far . the brisket was amazing ! nice location and fast friendly service .
awesome pasta . awesome drinks . even better service . get the old fashioned !
really fresh and tasty prepared to order . interesting combinations of flavors . enjoyed and recommend !
the staff at banfield are amazing , every time . thank you to everyone for such wonderful care of my cat !
clean , safe and good selection . staff was super friendly and helpful ! look forward to going again !
great eyebrows , listens to what you want and does exactly that . highly recommend . you will not be disappointed
worth it ! pizza by the slice totally reasonable ! pepperoni chips fabulous ! waitress very nice and helpful .
great coffee , pastries , and breakfast items . best steel cut oatmeal with fruit and signature toasted coconut . friendly staff .
i really like madam mam's . the food is consistently good . the service is so so . good location easy parking .
such good food . amazing vibe and the views are spectacular . highly recommend this hidden gem . good wait staff too .
incrediable tacos ! best i have ever had friendly stuff , delicious strawberry margaritas .
love this place , wish i could say it's a hidden gem but it's always packed ! but for good reason !
very well organized and a great opportunity for goalies to play for free .
burgers done just right beer tasty service amazing were recommend anyone coming that is of age
dinner seafood delight hot pot with my beautiful wife . it's so good . it's our fourth times eating this hot pot .
their selection of dimsum is limited after pm and stops at . otherwise it's delicious .
excellent interior mexican . save some money compared with fonda ssn miguel , but sacrifice fonda's stunning environment .
yum ! finally found a good mexican food place close to home ! service was wonderful and the food was amazing !
jay's is great ! also they moved ! person on the phone said on nd , just south of stark .
best falafeel , amazing shawrma both the beef and the chicken . good hospitality and quick service .
delicious food and very sweet service . the seaweed salad was great and husband really enjoyed the mama roll .
the chicken biscuit was amazing ! i will definitely visit when i travel back to atl .
great atmosphere , friendly staff , delicious honey wine , and tasty food . also very clean both times i have been .
i love crenos ! especially the taylor rd . location . every item on the menu is worth trying . delicious !
unbelievable , best thai food i have ever had . if you want the real deal this is the place .
great food and i love the changing concept idea . i would definitely go back .
excellent place ! i would really come back always ! nice for take photos and relax with friends or family
busy world cup lunch . good lunch menu , pretty good service . all in all good place to catch a game and chill !
very tasty food . root vegetables are quite filling . make sure to try the toast , it is delicious .
get the fig burger ! you won't be disappointed ! great food and beer choices . i'll definitely be back !
very nice and well stocked jjill . petites section has everything . service is fantastic .
thank you rocky ! for the amazing experience today . gr personality ! we are new york's finest . bluemoon always fresh hot
i ordered the duck biscuit gravy . it was pretty good , and interesting . the fingerling potatoes were my fave , however .
this place has everything here . great selection of clothing and sporting goods for whatever your into . prices are average .
normal texas roadhouse , steak good sides good , chicken fried chicken very good . chili is good , sides are nice sized .
easily one of my new favorite brunch spots . great staff , cuvee coffee and excellent food .
great food . service very professional . in door is very loud , and out door sitting is tight , but nice enough .
great vibe and a very satisfying , healthy meal . vegan vanilla custard was a nice end to the meal .
super quick , super professional . i love my ra kelly ! don't normally go there but will definitely making the switch .
i enjoyed the japanese cuisine here ! the smoked sushi is very unique , deserves to try .
this place is the business for roast beef . order extra sauce , you will not regret it . so . good .
got the best pedicure so relaxing . love the long foot massage and she did a fantastic job
very good icecream friendly staff interior needs renovations if you want to take someone on a date .
the perfect latte ! clean and cool vibe , although the loud music can be a little too much . neat wavy ceiling !
nice place , friendly service , awesome burger and cool pickle bar . definitely going back
this salon collective is filled with awesome stylists ! i go to the fabulous krystal osborn !
good food , good service . cool ambience , authentic food , price is right , great service will come back again .
really good pastries but maybe a bit overpriced , and no seating . this is a must visit place
super clean and nice . drinks were on point ! live music very relaxing and had a great time with friends .
had the linguini w shrimp and clams over white wine sauce . delish . service excellent . large portions .
best japanese curry in town , the owner is very knowledgeable and friendly to the customers
busy place with very good poutine ! in general the food is great .
love them ! . i once danced for my dinner . wonderful food . beautiful souls ! . i'll be back soon to show off my new moves !
great place , good sales and the people are nice . don't spend your money where people are rude .
quaint little place with excellent food . pad thai is the best ! lightning fast take out . very friendly servers . highly recommend .
best burritos in the area hands down ! don't know why anyone would even bother getting anything else from here .
mmm love their protein smoothies after a hard workout especially the firm n burn ! chocolate peanut butter goodness !
friendly girls , love the beds , always offering specials , kardasian lotion my fav . locations all over
meatloaf was so delicious ! t model drink to die for . very cute place . cozy bar . definitely coming back here .
catfish . pancakes . french toast . chicken tenders . yes please . oh and dont forget my egg whites . thanks .
if you want salon quality , but pay barber shop price , bill's the man . he is fast and precise . cash only .
the staff is so polite and gentle , the food is awesome ! the pearl of mediterranean food in kissimmee .
pho cking great ! quick . the rare beef is the best meat offering in a pho anywhere in austin .
good restaurants in se division st . their rockin' wings are the best ! helpful and friendly servers . better than expected
free wifi , great coffee , outdoor seating overlooking lake austin , quick service .
i love shula's , great steak , great atmosphere . you can't go wrong if your staying at an epcot or mgm resort
excellent neighborhood sandwich place addition . steak n cheese is pretty perfect . breakfast sandwiches also a step above the usual .
very good food and very fast with serving for dining in and take out . always had great experiences
great food , great shows , and dam good sauce . what else do you need to know .
quick delivery and great pizza . kids and adults loved it
food was adequate , the entertainment kept moving and got better as the night went on . would do again
what a pleasant experience ! i was extremely relaxed and very pleased with the outcome ! very professional ! i will be back
permanently closed . was a star for years and years though . owner died .
really really good . ordered during covid at our hotel . it was really good . came hot and the order correct .
twice already . i live in brazil and when im in austin i need to come here ! delicious !
fast and good you know what to expect great waffles , it was clean and very friendly environment
this place is very clean , have great prices and the staff is very courteous . i will be comming back !
ken does an amazing job . has amazing ideas and freehand all his work ! love coming here
rice balls and pacman . need i say more ! yes i'm becoming quite the malden foodie .
super quick and friendly ! second time using their service . would definitely recommend ! thank you .
love this secret hideaway . it's a happy place . they do a great job and you avoid the riff raft .
i love this place , food tastes amazing . menu has many varieties . only thing needs improvement is the service .
the coffee's not bad ! it's a hippie hole in the wall type place with great coffee and ok sandwiches .
this place is incredible . the food is amazing ! i eat here regularly and have never been disappointed .
great ramen , wish there were more vegetarian and chicken stock offerings . waited minutes , but it was worth it .
this place is so yummy ! my fav is the two cheese enchiladas with refrieds instead of boracho beans .
i absolutely love these folks . they have always done a great job on our son's hair , and my hair .
absolutely loved this place . great music . excellent cold beer ! heard matt ferrell who blew me away !
consistently great service and a fantastic atmosphere . always somewhere i bring out of town visitors .
excellent good , best authentic indo pak style food
the place we stayed in pagosa was very nice and clean . good location . would stay again for sure .
first time ordering delivery , came in about minutes and pizza , wings and salad were excellent !
great atmosphere ! the sushi was amazing ! if i lived closer this would be my go to sushi place !
tracey provided excellent customer service ! thanks for help in getting our breakfas
this is a nice neighborhood restaurant . being in walking distance from lake eola , it's great for afternoon dinner .
friendly and clean . great snacks and lighter fare . we'll be back .
super tasty curry and drinks . sometimes a review doesn't need to be more complicated than that !
great music and food , owners super hospitable . enjoyed last thursday quite a bit . definitely visit again
omg , food is unbelievable , wait staff could not be more attentive pleasant . prices are reasonable .
awesome facilities . i feel completely rejuvenated today . i look forward to visiting again .
amazing dogs ! had quite a few varieties and all were great ! try the homemade mac and cheese too
just try it for yourself . tom yum chicken soap is to die for if u like spicy .
best thai i've eaten in pdx . love this place .
this place rocks . great quality and consistency . really filling and good size portions . fun atmosphere . just really solid .
great place to eat ! amazing menu ! everything taste delicious . you should visit this place if you are around boston .
i had delicious chicken udon soup . the price was reasonable and the portion was generous . i recommend this neighborhood spot .
always friendly service and of course . the ice cream and frozen yogurt are delicious ! moozy's is always a nice treat !
fresh high quality meat and unique burgers soups , open late . service is okay .
best desserts ! grab some coffee and grab some sweets . after a nice meal take your date to impress .
atmosphere is awesome , outdoor covered seating . best melt in your mouth fried catfish ever . .
yeah , their food is authentic and spicy . i've there once and still recall the wonderful meal i had .
had breakfast here on a recent visit to boston . fast service , great food , reasonably price . we would return any time .
a must visit when we come to town . never disappoints . we celebrated moms th birthday and their portions were huge !
the service is great ! the snowballs omg ! get the strawberry with cheesecake in the middle it will change your life .
awesome restaurant stopped in columbus for a road trip . fettuccine meatballs was amazing
it's like the teacup ride at disneyworld except storm style . pretty dizzying and pretty fun . our toddler loved it !
new spot , great for business coffee dates or lunches ! their breakfast is awesome . i love their matcha latte !
they had people greeting at the doors which i thought was nice . good selection and relatively well organized .
absolutely delicious is all i will say about the burgers and the staff is upbeat , fun , and welcoming
the food and service here are really good ! i got the seafood pho !
delicious ! come hungry or order to go . the employees are very welcoming and attentive .
fast service , excellent food . the bbq was delicious , texas toast was good , and the honey brussels sprouts were just amazing .
new york style pizza place in atlanta near the delta headquarters . i enjoy it .
nice folks , great selection of products , prices are reasonable . really happy to have this in my neighborhood !
super cute place with great prices and friendly staff ! will come back anytime i'm in the airport
consistently good food and good service ! i always get the vegetables and tofu thai dynamite with brown rice . yum !
great prices , quick service , delicious food . a good hidden little resturant .
very cool spot . great drinks , great spot , and great bartenders . best hot toddy i've had .
this is a great place , beautiful women give relaxing massages and everyone is just friendly and welcoming .
this place has a nice variety of flavors and a lot of great toppings !
we stopped in yesterday and was very pleased with the service and meal . don't miss out . j and a
ok i have totally been back more than a few times since my previous rant they still the bomb lollll
great beer and friendly service . i really enjoy having the food truck out front .
best chicken and waffles in the city and i've tried them all .
prompt service , good food , and decent portions for the price . i would definitely go back .
recommended such an amazing combination between ice cream and gelato . love this place !
mouth watering torta , phenomenal smokey mezcal margarita , waitress kinsey was super friendly with awesome recommendations !
i like it here good food , fair prices , nice service , fabulous patio .
as close as you can get to true italian gelato in texas . creative yummy flavors too !
cannot be beaten for price , for the quality of food you get . delicious ! also , good rewards program through their app !
the best meal i've ever had in an airport . great steak , great service . worth the price .
so good ! love all the different style
such a magical restaurant ! and the food is wonderful too . quintessential north end !
amazing hospitality all year long . strong staff . clean rooms . perfect outdoor pool for the summer
best selection i've ever seen for boardgames . helpful staff , nice atmosphere and fair prices .
the staff is always polite , fast service , fresh food , it always comes out right , huge portions , great place to go !
best cookies ever ! chocolate walnut chunk was amazing ! great sandwiches and salads !
long time i haven't been here the crazy drink brings me back memories and still good as usual
really good drinks , awesome vintage italian atmosphere , food was delish and our server was great . can't wait to go back
great neighborhood sushi place . nice staff and fresh fish .
decent place to watch sports . they have ufc events but get there early . decent bar food .
boy ! i needed that ! she worked out months of stress in one session ! highly recommend , i will be back .
been here several time and great vibe however the chargrilled oysters are small , we always have a good time .
my fav spot ! absolutely delcious ! hawkers is awesome ! stir fry udon is so yummy !
better than most . good variety . all dishes are labeled with descriptions for most , very helpful for vegetarians .
my go to bar grill outside of harvard square . this place is great . the california burger is amazing .
i had ordered the small steak and cheese calzone ! the size was big for me . it was delicious !
pretty cool place , outside seating is fun , the beer is cold , the steak tacos hit the spot , nice peeps too .
best pizza ever . high quality ingredients and just the best combinations . love this place .
hands down favorite pizza spot ! ever ? ! just give me a simple , beautiful pie and i'm so happy .
i love this place , great portion size , great service and delicious food . one of my favorite spots easily .
family owned and it shows . they are friendly , ? experienced and fair . totally recommend !
had a falafel sandwich , it's just simply amazing and freshly made . price is like , super reasonable . would recommend .
had a great experience at this location , service was excellent and the food was fantastic
service at the bar was equally perfect as the products from the kitchen . thanks for a great meal and experience !
nice find the hangtown fry was three levels of deliciousness . friendly staff and live jazz music
stars for sure . clean shop , friend service , and very affordable . highly recommended .
this was awesome place had the cuban sandwich very good . taste fresh bread . clean and friendly
excellent customer service ! the food is fantastic ! you must come here ! mango sticky rice and pad thai !
chocolate milkshake ? done . gyro ? done . all the hometown drive in favorites . and gyros . you can't beat this place .
good pho , prompt service , and good price . what else could you ask for ! ? creative phos . i'll be back .
two words lunch special . excellent array of options for . can't beat it .
the two male bartenders are amazing ! they make fantastic drinks and are very charming !
best bread in atlanta , especially the sourdough bread and baguettes . wish they were available at every local whole foods !
loved the toffee crumbles pancakes white hazelnut coco !
delicious sweet treats . the cinnamon buns are to die for . love supporting local businesses and this will not disappoint .
wonderful diner . food was spot on and staff was very helpful and personable . will definitely return .
these guys are great ! fixed my car quickly and for quarter the cost of the dealer .
steak tip salad is amazing ! i am a repeat customer and love the salad !
a little expensive but the food is amazing , service is great and the ambiance spectacular .
yum ! the kids loved it ! the experience is really cool for a hot texas afternoon ! definitely worth the time
what an awesome austin gem ! great atmosphere and even better beer ! no doubt new spot for the summer !
better than average sushi , and it delivers to east austin , earning that star . love the tuna tower .
great food , very typical dishes and awesome service . just be aware that the bill already comes with tip included .
too bad to see these guys go . nothing beats this old pharmacy . it is a vintage gem .
had the chicken dinner , it was great . wanted desert , but was way to full .
the place is nice but to bad they don't have enough parking space . i would like more seating too
i loved this place ! great food , great service , really fun vibe !
blackstrap bbq is quite awesome . i love the atmosphere and they have a great selection of homemade sauces
just incredible donuts with a funky retro atmosphere .
just bought our th bed from this same location . great selection , price , great information and service from simon !
great little restaurant to eat in or outside . food was really good and the staff were very pleasant !
hands down the best place for subs and pizza in burlington .
friendly people and amazing ice cream ! really happy to find a great homemade ice cream place !
get the salmon w pork belly fried rice . i could eat it every day for the rest of my life
good service , friendly employees . best pho i have tried . they have the best fresh smoothies boba tea .
food , starters are impressive . main plates are average service atmosphere .
amazing coffee and pleasant place , no see next time come back , i've been there all weeks
great food and great staff , we did a birthday there just recently and they were very accommodating !
dr . chiu was great ! professional , flexible hours , great staff . kind , courteous and helpful orthodontist office !
i'm from cali and i came here right after getting our rental ! much needed hazy go brazy
my carne asada burrito was star . ronda's chile relleno burrito was meh . i averaged it out .
as a college student , this was my go to chinese takeout place .
the pork tacos made me all tight in my cutoff jean shorts . high levels of dangerous .
this the best glass shop in atlanta , hands down , if you havent been there , go . enough said .
very friendly , honest , and helpful staff . they will give an estimate over the phone with no sales pitch .
this is simply a chemistry doesn't go wrong ! all ingredients were used with perfect ammounts , speaks to your taste buds .
best burgers by far ! very happy we picked this place even though it was farther from our hotel !
had the carnitas taco and the black bean street taco with limonada . so good ! cute place , friendly staff !
excellent chinese food with all the right ingredients and very tasty . service is very good
great sunday breakfast . eggs benedict and sausage and gravy to die for .
great service i would recommend anyone to go there . try the green tea frappe it's so delicious !
amazing customer support ! love my website . best money i've ever spent on my business !
great food and service . only eaten breakfast items but they are always wonderful . it's my kids favorite place now
really good lamb chops . slightly overlooked but very flavorful . the pesto potatoes are delicious and asparagus nice and crunchy
love the duck fat fries and mayonnaise . first to have goose island beer on tap in atlanta
i just have a few words for you . get the carrot salad . 'tis delish ! bows , then backs away slowly
best thai food in all of portland . while in the wall place with great food and staff !
i haven't tried anything not off the sushi menu . but let me say , the sushi menu is bomb .
our dinner was delicious ! great food , large portions , and excellent prices . i will be coming back soon .
best tomato soup in atlanta , hands down . really quick service and employees are friendly and attentive . good for breakfast lunch
the best pizza in atlanta ! the white anchovy pizza is so unique for this area and is incredibly delicious !
great location and scene . food is average and small portions but the bartenders and customers are super friendly .
excellent food . great vibes . very interesting drinks . definitely going back when in portland again .
candi was the best server there is . she's sweet . funny . beautiful smile and she catered to our every need . thanks candi ! you rock
this place is amazing ! highly recommend the pork belly salad , wagyu skirt steak and the corn bread skillet !
amazing brunch ! fresh squeezed orange juice , yummy brunch buffet , friendly and helpful waitstaff , and a great outdoor patio !
fresh pasta cooked in front of you , while you wait . great for getting your pasta fix . prices are really affordable .
food and service was awesome ! ambience was perfect . no waiting . but the lemonade was magical !
love this store ! best place to stock up on your timbers gear ! ptfc . rctid !
great atmosphere . amazing food . fabulous beer .
best auto store around , service is ok , manager steve is great ! ,
we order delivery from tikki masala at least every other week . the service is great and food is on point .
soy is so great ! she accommodated us late on a week night and was super responsive to our needs .
my first vegan chicken sandwich was delicious from here . the side of asparagus seemed to be enough for !
our waitress elena was the best ! food was great not overpriced . they had a nice and clean environment .
first time visit big tables ac is cold trying cheese pizza with house smoked italian sausage
best , largest , cheapest tacos ever . that's all i need to say .
love sansai ! food is good , fresh , and reasonably priced . sushi items are our favorite , but everything is good !
quality of food good location parking good timing good prices good services acceptable
fabulous atmosphere , carefully crafted cocktails , super nice bartenders , great music and delicious charcuterie ! would go back for sure
wow this place was amazing ! quick service and awesome food ! pictures on the wall and sweet bathrooms . clean and nice !
really friendly staff . yummy food . nice atmosphere . offered samples of soup and free watermelon . vegan options and fresh vegetables
if i could give her stars , i would . olivia is the best leasing agent you could have !
a great place to get a quick , inexpensive lunch . expect standard diner food . nothing fancy , but portions are good .
loved it ! great atmosphere , delish food , lots of space , big portions , loved every bite !
great beer prices ! domestic beer for happy hour !
pleased with everything about dr hunt and staff very happy with new glass the best in years
reasonable price and easy to find my stuffs what i used to buy every time . it's our favorite grocery store
total hipster f king cool . worth the and scene . food was so good and drinks were special
really great food , good beer selection , interesting atmosphere . and they serve no fried foods .
allison is the best plus the staff is always super friendly and i am always feeling the good vibez .
fresh food , good price ! they have a great variety of different bowls nice described ! the staff was friendly and helpful .
great coffee shop in town . i belong to cali visting here family findout about this place . i like it
so glad this location delivers south of the merritt island causeway ! i'll be a customer more often !
yum ! i love the noodles . the food is very affordable and tastes delicious !
my favorite kitchen in austin . the blackened shrimp tacos and blackened chicken nachos are to die for !
go to this place ! cash only . meatballs . amazing .
foie gras was outstanding ! chef kevin does an extraordinary job . great evening celebrating friend's birthday .
had cuban sandwhich and cuban coffee . both are great . cute little cafe . will be returning
another great dinner at kobe's . kenny our chef killed it . funny as hell . keep up the great work . go kenny !
one of my favorite places in pdx . best pizza and great atmosphere . never too crowded .
fantastic breakfast sandwiches . easy to stop in if you don't want a sit down buffet .
love this place . reasonably priced , welcoming , laid back atmosphere , great food , great drinks .
delicious pasta and appetizers with vegetarian options . nice patio as well .
so glad we came . my stomach still hurts from these hilarious comedians . will definitely return in the future .
good food , service and cold beer .
the pastrami sandwich is awesome , awesome , awesome ! i've ordered it a dozen times at least . nice bar area or dining .
very healthy food , restaurant is clean , highly recommended salad variety is upstanding and the mushroom soup always tasty
for a panera bread , this one is great . it's clean , well maintained and the service is quick .
enjoyed my experience and would recommend it to anyone looking for great music and good food
some of the best cocktails in town ! cozy interior with great ambiance .
good service and delicious food ! i got the original bowl with chicken and everything tasted good .
i received friendly quick service ! the knowledgeable doctor was very efficient with a great bedside manner .
i had an awesome experience at the ski monster very knowledgeable and friendly staff !
had my wife's ears tapered and mine bonnie was very nice and professional . very gentle and professional .
awesome water walls . great food ! fish tacos and fajitas !
delicious general tso's , steamed dumplings . i would have liked more broccoli . all in all , very pleased !
seems like a very popular place ! be prepared to wait ! our wait time was about min . overall good food !
one of my favourite gelato places . love their mango , whiskey cream , pistachio , and cream brule .
great place , good sushi , nice and attentive service and a great reverse happy hour ! try it out !
i'm so glad i tried this place . the food is amazing . spicy crab rangoon is a must try !
these fish tacos and the norwood ipa are both amazing . quick food and service will be back .
incredible ! the food is awesome . great tapas specials . bar scene is very cool as well .
always our go to . great food and friendly staff . delivery orders are always correct and within the time specified .
amazing food ! so delicious and what an amazing staff and owners . can't wait for my next bowl of pho !
woooohooooo ! great games and good prizes for the kids when they win tickets .
great burgers and onion rings are to die for . yummmmmyy
longtime verizon customers . today , manager jeff , and roderick reminded me why . excellent customer service from both , definitely above and beyond .
one of the best chopped salads i have ever had ! i got with less dressing than they usually use
great place for good mexican cheap prices . a family favorite . go for the food , not for the ambiance .
awesome art and s'mores . can't beat it ! sxsw . good service . much needed comfort food . good people too !
awesome local mexican cuisine ! their tortas are huge . friendly peeps !
great coffee , beautiful interior design , sour duck pastries , and friendly service . what more could you ask for !
a sophisticated international airport with excellent staff but signage could do with improvement .
great local running store with knowledgable owners , right on the west orange trail for all your running nutrition needs !
this is the best food truck on the westside , and the best burger in columbus for my money .
nice new facilities with easy location from the airport and activities . it would be nice to have this in anaheim !
great stuff ! always good . always cheap . also have indian food . plenty on pizza . good specials .
great place for brunch with friends ! food and service is excellent !
i love the jibarito ! it's a staple sandwich for me and they always hit the spot with it .
amazing special lobster , comes with clams and mussels on top of linguine pasta . it really worth queing for !
butter chicken and paratha is delicious ! great flavor , portion size is great , i'll be coming back frequently !
favourite restaurant in vancouver ! the sesame potato wedges with miso gravy are delicious .
free wi fi and a great environment to sit and get some work done . my favorite in boulder .
fresh fish and great service ! we particularly liked the spicy tuna option .
if youre a vegetarian in boston , this is a must . just order the lunch special and expect something tasty .
really awesome place . i love the atmosphere of the gamers and casual social interaction .
i love this place . its clean , professional , and the ladies that work here are always very nice .
kudos to the new international terminal and the greatly improved returning customs procedures for us citizens .
love the place . the vegetarian burrito is to die for .
the most comfortable bed housekeeping was excellent ! staff , food , atmosphere and conference rooms are all five star !
delicious chicken pad thai , highly recommend . don't let the entrance and building keep you from trying their food .
i love this place , such clean and friendly and professional job . sarah does really good eyelash extensions . highly recommended .
my favorite place to cut my hair ever . listens to exactly what i want and is always flexible with time .
grant is fun and engaging . the corn dip comes close . enjoyed eating outside . great vibe .
wow this is good pizza ! i get the veggie or buffalo chicken and it's always really good . highly recommend .
having cappuccino and prosciutto sandwich . the cappuccino is average and the sandwich was good . the stuffs are ok .
great painting company . they simply do a great job . excellent price and very professional !
yum . the fried pizza is to die for and i died and went to mac and cheese heaven . ill be back !
truly authentic , you're here for the food , not the service or the space . simple honest bbq .
btw the slammin salmon roll is soooo tasty , flavorful , substantial , and delicious
this is five stars for their first sunday's free days . i enjoyed the global kitchen temporary exhibition .
one of my favourite bakeries i've visited every time i visit vancouver i make sure to stop by . the
great variety of food . i hope there will be more vegetarian food .
great customer service and knowledge of hybrids prius ! look forward to doing business with them more in the future .
cinnamon rolls are great . service is decent . tortilla soup is the best .
the fried green tomatoes are the best . lots of portland atmosphere . almost always a line .
great job . highly recommend tham . fast , honest , knowlegable and thorough . no complaints at all .
great dinner ! goddess of love was the best roll . loved the herbs such a surprising combination .
very good , solid place we all enjoyed our food . no complaints .
wonderful coffee , delicious baked goods , and the best people ! what a delightful place to have in my neighborhood !
yum . grilled pork sammies have my vote , but everything is good .
this is a great place for a decent lunch during the work week . fast . friendly . tasty . try it .
i'm about to sweat liquor from last night .
one word ahhhhmazing . the chicken cacciatore was phenomenal . don't pass the place up !
i liked it . it's pretty good . good prices , too . don't have pictures though . sorry about that . yeah , food is good .
i go there just about every morning for my coffee . never have any problem finding what i need .
dank just like you like . would recommend . got shrimp and crab and hush puppies . all was great
great pizza ! the trivia night was pretty loud and annoying , but i suppose people were there just for that . understandable
efficient and friendly staff . scott was great at the desk . our letter carrier is excellent as well
best pizza in atlanta . great family style seating environment . antico is an extremely unique and wonderful pizza restaurant in atlanta .
great place ! went here for a birthday celebration and had a great evening . great service and food . will return soon .
cat was fantastic ! the service was incredible and the food was delicious . coming back asap .
great service and accommodations . spotless rooms . beautiful architecture in and out .
fresh ingredients , friendly staff , fast service , and delicious coffee ! need i say anymore ? highly recommend !
i'm a fan of this book store . i've never gone to a bad barnes noble booksellers .
i love this place and the fact that you can have dinner or cocktail while you watch a movie . refreshing !
they have great house ciders along with several other brewers , try the green goblin !
yay ! darwin's did away with the debit card minimum . now i can go there again for their delicious coffee .
cole was an amazing serving . the food was delicious and so unique ! had a wonderful night
lyndell's is amazing ! great sweet treats get yourself a half moon ! , and delicious cakes !
delicious food ! yummy drinks ! great place to sit outside and enjoy the downtown austin scene . crispy chicken sandwich was great !
great thai food that makes a good date place . great staff and free valet . the valet staff is exceptional
fun thing to do with friends ! not much of a tour , just a pub crawl . still a great time !
the best breakfast and doughnuts ! i frequent here weekly , service is always fast and great !
best falafels , hummus , juice , and baklava . just go try it ! great location for all those tourist .
great service . i won't take our vehicles to another jiffy lube other than this location !
nice and cozy place , great service , one thing i need to mention , the food is s little salty .
best place in austin for gyro and rice . great taste and service . very good customer service !
food is very tasty . we asked them to make it spicy and hot and it was amazing .
great espresso ! this is little piece of miami's cuban side with espresso made the way it should be !
their corned beef hash is sooooo good . i want to move in and live here .
simply amazing breakfast or any other time of the day ! i highly recommend the reggie !
delicious vegetarian sandwich ! the roasted sweet potato sandwich had walnut pesto , green apple , blue cheese , kale . so good and filling .
this place is great ! excellent service , delicious food ! say hello to abraham there he's fantastic !
wow , what a pleasant surprise ! i love this place ! great energy , something for everyone .
this place is delicious ! all the food and juices taste so fresh ! the variety of options they have is incredible !
place looks pretty nice and new . pizza and wings were pretty straightforward , nothing to complain about . sangria was surprisingly strong .
great gourmet food truck ! i had caesar salad meatball with red sauce over homemade pasta
i come here quite a bit , i like their yummy salsa and chips , as well as their tacos .
very good benedict eggs good coffee , attention is good there's benedict eggs with crab but it's only on weekends
very happy with the food and the service . i would definitely recommend is if you're ever visiting portland
the food is quite good . they really know how to cook seafood . the staff is excellent
smoky bbq sauce , yum , yum , yummy !
love caribou hot chocolate . staff and service here have always been good . seating area is decent but cramped .
this is my favorite dispensary . great quality bud , amazing prices , friendly staff . i highly recommend this place !
delicious ! perfect portions . we had shrimp poboy and mac spold with shrimp . great service . . my new favorite .
i like this place . the sea bass enttree is just perfect . it's for foodies who like portion control and quality .
awesome juices , great staff , go and try don't even think twice about it . their smoothies are from heaven .
phenomenal service tonight ! food was good . everything was all that we wanted and more !
my favorite spa in boston ! i've only gotten massages here . ask for bill ! he's amazing .
nice and clean chimese bentos , appetizers are good too ! my baby girl loves the lotus leaf rice so much .
very nice small italian restaurant . homemade pastas , good portions . my server kyle was very attentive and nice .
food was good quick service the team were very accommodating . my wife and i would definitely go back .
amazing place . worth the try . best food . great service . family style . my whole family's new fav !
i am here with the app meetup for a hanger vodka tasting . beautiful restaurant , great meet and greet .
staff is very friendly and accommodating . the experience was relaxing and low pressure . it was easy to get an appointment .
food , service and ambiance . all great . restaurants have it tough these days , tresca makes it work . thanks !
love it . chicken is super large and tasty . i always get the salt and pepper with seaweed seasoning
very nice place with very friendly service and damn good coffee . highly recommendable .
i frequent this place once a week . seafood delight is amazing ! lo mein is also on par !
held a private party here . jodi was so helpful , waitstaff was great , just an overall good experience .
the cheese fries and burger were great ! i cant wait to try the philly cheese steak sandwich !
excellent brisket , ribs , rice and beans . great counter service . our favorite place in lake nona .
got lucky and was able to visit the day it opened . the inside is really slick .
my favorite spot for a snack in the magic kingdom . the fruit nutella waffle is fantastic !
i love books . the owner is very knowledgeable and the service is friendly .
great place and great people . i had always dreaded going in for hearing tests until coming here .
i love this place , one of my favorite place in portland . food is nice and waiter is cute
the memphis ribs and the wings are delicious . the smashed potatoes are also pretty good . the serving sizes are huge !
love service and work done by cindy and others . nice and relaxing while they pamper me !
most kind nd generous heart , nikki tran . i was so very well cared for and her post care was amazing .
highly recommend ! delicious food , great friendly service , fair prices and good atmosphere .
come check out stinson distilling . amazing drinks and staff . lots of refreshing drinks in this hot heat .
great sushi ! their happy hour is amazing , good for any occasion . the menu has something for everyone .
dr . aaron is by far my favorite dentist !
how i love thee comfy seats with my iced coffee .
love the shadowless fries . it's a guilty pleasure . i also love their pork baos and cocktails .
always a great experience ! we've never ordered something we haven't liked , from drinks to food .
catherine was a sweet heart and welcoming . i got there saturday afternoon around pm , no line ! service was quick .
had lunch today and it was great . red velvet chicken and waffles were amazing and marlon was a great server !
really good barbq and a fun venue . nice barron springs location . enjoy !
excellent selection . much better cleaner place that the goodings and other ghetto shops in the area .
off pizza is now on mondays and thursday is burgers . both days offer great food at great prices .
perfect spot for great food . limited seating . had a hamburger that was incredible and the staff was fun . great place .
great music , fun venue , and food was awesome ! can't wait to return !
really authentic and great tasting food ! the server was very kind and friendly . good option for a no contact pickup !
delicious , though someone stole the reggie that i ordered one of the cooks made me another .
pretty good environment at krungthep tea time . great selection of tea and coffee . desserts were also great .
awesome roast pork and steamed chicken . cheap .
excellent subs and super fast . the employees are very friendly . unfortunately their parking is very small .
the way pizza should be . audrey is a sweetheart ! ask for free balaclava neck gaiter
all you can eat lunch buffet was amazing . great service and very clean establishment . thank you for a wonderful experience !
pretty good . better than tsujiri . only had their icecream idk bout the other foods . kinda expensive . not bad
it reminds me of east coast pizza aka it's perfect . super clean shop , friendly staff , awesome prices .
super good ! i loved the lunchbox and the fried dumplings . excited to try the other things .
amazing dispensary . really love this place , lots of room , great bud , friendly staff .
this place has great mexican food as advertised . big booths to seat adults easily and lots to choose from .
great spot for coffees , meetings , light bites and a super south end vibe .
very clean and modern atmosphere ! authentic and flavorful korean food . banchan side dishes are underwhelming but main dishes are solid .
ask them to mix in the noodles into the wok , so good ! chicken breast wok mon fri great deal !
best sushi ever . we love nicole and pedro . sang is one of the best sushi chefs in town .
delicious food , good people and appropiate price . i love to go there quite often
very nice spot to stop in for a mani pedi ! a little pricey but cute inside and good service
the take out fried chicken is amazing
incredibly polite and informed staff , speedy hemming , and generally excellent service . i had a very positive experience shopping here
amazing ambience , great and courteous staff , loved the bhindi masala and dal tadka here .
great sandwiches , nice atmosphere , good espresso drinks . the staff is very friendly . one of my favorite lunch places !
great food , drinks , and ambiance . if you like fruity drinks try the lindemans framboise .
great food ! i love their chicken parmigiana with fettuccini alfredo sub . , also tuesday's special with tortellini is amazing
this place offers a change of pace , without sacrificing quality . i enjoyed it . give them a try .
the best sandwich that i've ever had . the experience is my favorite ! they deliver too , which is awesome !
was looking for a specific japanese whiskey , and they had it when the competition and local store didn't .
since writing my original review , cashier staff has been much better ! great job !
excellent service , good prices and great food . welcome atmosphere , one of gresham area's best kept secrets
best airport . hands down . clean , good food , not cramped , prices aren't astronomical . that is all . don't come here
loved the pizza with seafood ! will be back for sure and try other part of the menu
amazing place . highly recommended ! one of the best place to visit in austin texas
best indian food in winter garden ! always delicious ! love the tikka masala , vindaloo and mutter paneer !
often busy , but delicious food and reasonable prices . one thing i miss about living on the hill .
the best pizza ive ever had besides scampo . although i do wish it were a bit more cripsy .
friendly , fast and great prices . spent under for all season tires for my car . great place !
love their food and all of their appetizers are excellent . we use delivery and it's always fast , warm and friendly
the waitress was sweet . the food was great . and the ambiance was cute . i couldn't complain to be honest !
great food , and really cool staff . unique dishes , with plenty of gluten free and vegan options
my birthday was fab , thank you ! be sure to visit when jazz band is playing , fantastic !
best ramen ever no discussion . the gyoza is packed with flavor and the spicy tonkatsu is unbeatable .
this is my favorite brunch spot ! the food is always fresh and very tasty ! my favorite is the chicken biscuit !
first timers ! we will be coming back ! lucas and harrel were great ! such a fun experience .
this place is now my favorite pizzeria to order from ! made to order . delicious . just right .
very cool big place lively and fun great selection and gals working here are knowledable .
hole in the wall french food . very delicious and inexpensive . its really quaint and quiet , perfect for a date .
love this place . so happy we discovered it . the food is amazing , the staff is great . we are regulars here .
very nice small pizzeria with fast tasty pizza . very good salad too . thin crust with excellent chewy edge .
excellent for adults . great seats , great sound , great movies . i highly recommend !
delicious italian food very friendly staff . my husband i ate from the salad pizza pasta bar were very impressed !
volcano lobster was great . other menus are also delicious with excellent service . love this place .
great food and very reasonable price . don't miss to order steam bronzini fish . delicious
nice fresh food our waiter was helpful and friendly . great dinner , i will be back again !
this walk is beautiful , very pleasent .
well organized . clean . helpful staff . however wednesday's are crazy busy . great local publix .
went here a couple weeks ago the focaccia bread was pretty good
no such thing as a bad donut . mostly the owners are just so nice . especially to my kids .
great place for relaxing . the staff is very friendly . i will definitely going back .
nice little place wth very good coffee . odd place , odd location , really cool . nice homeade treats too .
good stuff , love the music and the food . good service is deftly be coming back and recommending the place .
stopped for a quick snack and coffee . good pick the price was good and food was good
i love their tacos . their salsa can be better , but their tacos are best .
super cool pla e in the middle of no nowhere . bbq was amazing . great live music and watching folks . recommend
the crack patty was amazing ! small corner shop with no indoor outdoor seating . great place to order take out
absolutely the best mediterranean food in atlanta and the best service ! i will be a regular for lunch .
great experiance with connie she was sweet and caring towards my skin if anything again i would go to her .
the fried chicken wings , cajun tea , fried shrimp and catfish , were all very great ! l thank you lola !
love this place . bar rocks for service and food . the corn on the cob is amazing ! yummm !
great eats ! discount with a foursquare checkin and a member card .
amazing ! great food , great service , and an awesome vibe . definitely will be coming back to this spot . highly recommend it .
really good and unique flavored ice cream ! i personally liked the goat cheese with thyme and honey
sheralton did a great job on my brows . nice , clean facility . in love with my results . would highly recommend !
steak an frites is my favourite or anything with mushrooms . also , dessert is pretty fantastic too
i go here everyday before work . the staff is really friendly and the drinks are pretty tasty !
we tried their sample dessert plate . i liked each dessert we tried . their earl grey tea is also very tasty .
super delicious the unagi was the best . he sorta place you can eat at alone and not feel weird .
i ordered my smoked turkey and ham for thanksgiving . need i say more ?
holy cow ! super surprisingly delish ! great service . decently priced . a successful meal .
great casual dinning ! i love the bison burger so delicious . new menu has many tasty dishes .
pizza done right . this place doesn't get nearly enough credit for the value it delivers .
jessie did a great job with riley and he looked great and was happy when i picked him up .
this is the best food cart in the area . super tender and flavorful chicken , reasonable price , nice people working there .
oh man todd ! your coffee is amazing ! i only do hemp milk and was so happy you carried it !
must get the bone marrow cheesey bread ! also really enjoyed the veal piccata . great ambiance and fabulous service .
easy like sunday morning . excellent , friendly customer service . warm , fresh , delicious bagels . so good !
my nails look amazing now and they work fast . i'm very impressed with the shape and thickness of my nails
wow ! ate here today and food was bomb ! soo good and seasoned to perfection ! will definitely be back
service and quality of the fish is excellent . highly recommended . tan roll was the highlight of their menu .
really good food , great waiter , decent prices , nice outdoor seating i have never eaten inside . overall a nice experience .
great nail designs ! very impressed with the level of talent ! will add more later
great venue floors and nice views
fantastic atmosphere and cocktails . really enjoyed having the garage doors open and enjoying a break from the beltline .
nice brewery , and bartenders were very nice . they have a kids area . beers were pretty good .
great for lunch ! veggie tacos and classic marg are addictive .
super delicious ! a little confusing since i was a first timer but i'm definitely hoping to return again someday .
the bubble tea was awesome and the couple that own it are very sweet and helpful . definitely recommend going here !
really liked the food here . i ordered chicken iron skillet tacos , really delicious . i strongly recommend this mexican restaurant .
absolutely delicious pizza ! the dough is full of flavor and the sauce and cheese are , too .
my go to spot . different fun frozen drinks everyday , and the burger and grit fries are bomb .
fun atmosphere ! excellent food ! happy hour selections are generous ! lucas was an attentive and friendly waiter ! we will be back !
a very good stir fry quality the service was excellent as much as cleanliness . very good value overall .
excellent quality food , cool ambiance and reasonably priced . highly recommended . pizzas are made to order using fresh ingredients .
great local spot especially at night . breakfast ticket times have gone over minutes multiple times . so much potential
with family checking out the winter wonderland at the pir . one of the traditions . have a holly jolly christmas
great property management company . very professional and their financial statements are great to review each month .
best double d's i ever had ! here meat taste so different and can't be found else where ! best taco place !
andrea and howard are the best ever . everyone else should just throw in the towel .
excellent place to eat with great staff . small but good menu . they have sessional foods . special spot
shout out to xavier for the sprinkles the amazing service . poster boy for great customer service !
excellent salad rolls with peanut sauce and delicious pad thai noodles ! the atmosphere is comforting and the service is friendly !
food is consistently tasty and fresh but the service is what makes jack allen dependably a great experience .
fresh and flavorful food ! i wasn't sure how it would measure up to other seafood restaurants , but i was impressed !
delicious food and lovely staff . i always recommend this place to visiting friends and will continue to do so .
this place is a gem in richmond . tasty sandwiches and fresh drinks , combined with a cozy atmosphere .
first time here , ordered the with all the veggies , oil and balsamic vinaigrette . awesome sandwich , very pleased .
the lines may be long and the waffles aren't gaufrettes but everything is good and the service is lovely .
awesome ! danny and ron are the absolute best employees ! lots of fun and customers come first ! will def be back !
superior service . delicious food . innovative apple crisp .
great atmosphere . the bread biscuits all made onsite and go can tell . excellent bar . brunch all day .
good pizza . delicious brick oven taste . the cashier wasnt too friendly . either way , the san gennaro was great .
this is one of my favourite coffe shops ! friendly staff and beautiful atmosphere ! good for meeting and free wifi
excellent breakfast . parking can be difficult . worth a wait in line . service was perfect !
amazing mojitos , would highly recommend the buffalo chicken rangoons and quesadilla . service was attentive and really delightful .
some of the best ribs , chicken , and plantains of my life ! everything perfectly seasoned , juicy and caramelized ! great staff !
you're crazy if you don't give this place stars . it doesn't get any better than this .
welcome to the neighborhood ! thanks for bringing great thai to brookhaven !
we enjoyed their white pizza , and pepperoni pizza . nice crispy crusts and meaty pepperoni .
excelente servicio muy buena calidad . muy buena variedad y buenas atenciones la mejor comida en el area de orlando
it's local it's casual they are dog friendly they have great stuff . what's not to like ?
i love this starbucks ! the employees are friendly and the atmosphere is pleasant .
great service and best chicken around . you will not bye disappointed . such flavor , all the easy to the bone .
awesome concept ! very fast , friendly , and inexpensive ! love the calexico pizza mmmm
lots of different hookah flavors . a bit expensive but would go back . nice looking place .
food is sooo delicious . this place is always full . make reservations before you go to avoid long waiting .
good food , good drinks , and fun games to play . this is a great place for fun with friends .
excellent food , unique atmosphere . a little too hipster for me . food was excellent . drinks were way over priced , but delicious .
this place never disappoints ! everything i have gotten here is super tasty ! the steak tips are my favorite . must try !
great brunch place with excellent cocktails and delicious brunch ! the wait staff is nice and friendly .
always a treat to come to a phoenix dragon ! love that there is great inventory and helpful , knowledgeable staff .
my new favorite place in columbus to eat . the wife and i will be returning !
delish . great service . nice prices . an awesome experience .
a fantastic breakfast always . with great service . just wish that would change coffee brands or offer different ones
outstanding service ! got my fireplace working during the holidays and did it with a smile !
i really enjoyed my experience at this location ! samantha was amazing ! i will be back soon .
first time here got an eyebrow wax and tint absolutely love the results will be coming back !
best food and drink the south end .
love love love this place . food and drinks are amazing ! and the environment is fun and welcoming .
they make a mean barbacoa . it wasn't loud the last time i was there .
good customer service on a request i had . very responsive . machines have always worked in my apartment complex
best soup dumplings in west coast north america . though some misses in other dishes occasionally
the best ! big portions , delicious entrees , and friendly staff . also offer nice outside seating and also indoor as well .
prompt service and same day service , literally , without any hassles and fair price .
great service ! staff is very nice . love this place . they are very friendly with costumers and they provide good service .
i really liked this place . huge selection of local tap beer and house made veggie burger ! awesome salads !
love schmidt's . good food , beer , and staff
very clean , wonderful service , and everyone is so friendly ! only place i'll go for my hair and nails !
amazing ! great food , great beer , and beautiful people . go if your in austin . cheers !
love this joint . great food , friendly staff and you can customize your burger ! if only they'd start serving breakfast .
very dependable , accurate work . installed a wall mount w tv for me did a fast and wonderful job .
great little wine bar ! calm but chic atmosphere and the wine is great ! lots of selections
really yummy ! spence , our server was terrific ! i loved the fajita burrito and guacamole .
this place rocks ! the manager is super cool ! go women ! love their sustainable options .
absolutely delicious come here at least times a month everything is delicious excellent service staff everyone very nice
great little place . very cozy . free wifi . plugs throughout for your devices . and the coffee's great too !
great food and a charming place . lola is a treasure . you will love the experience .
awesome bartenders specially cassie good food and great entertainment my friends and i are already planning to go back
island hopper owners and chef are now at royal east in cambridge ! woohoo !
wow this place is good . delicious sangria and tapas . great vibe . no complaints highly recommended .
john was a great guide , horses were great , and nice trails in the woods . highly recommend !
wow ! first time here . delicious subs . friendly employees ! hot sandwiches , fresh bread .
porchetta . makes my mouth water just thinking about it !
awesome restaurant ! the staff is very attentive and the atmosphere is great but most importantly the food is delicious !
been doing the ramen rounds around the boston area and this is the best .
try the bloody mary . it's like your daily vegetable allotment and a drink all in one .
always great coffee , excellent friendly service . comfortable place for a quick meet or a saturday morning get together .
lots of space , delicious food , tasty beverages , and a great place to get some work done .
excellent stay . food is a little exotic , but waking up to animals near the balcony for the kids is great .
a haiku review of dove vivi cornbread deep dish crust . deliciousness in my mouth . dip it in honey ?
mo is great . stauf's coffee and a fun environment .
may be the best coffee i ever had . vanilla , burnt sugar flavor is unreal . not too sweet . def coming back !
the duck here is super good ! i am a huge fan now
love the food here . best waffle in portland . freshest potatoes i've ever had .
love this place for delivery . try the chicken cordon bleu pizza . it's got alfredo sauce instead of red sauce . genius !
fresh , fast , fills my belly fantastically . our whole work group , vegetarians and carnivores alike , loves this food truck .
this theatre is a treat and a half ! go early and have a drink at the bar outside .
pretty pricey but tastes good . not too sweet , and the cheese foam is a nice addition !
i order their twice a week , good food , and reasonable in price .
walmart supercenters are always busy due to their competitive low prices . they always have everything i need for my family .
great food ! truly healthy and delicious ! great cook and great staff ! god bless the folks at portland kettle !
we've been looking for a good jamaican place for years . the food here is awesome ! well worth a try .
wow ! i don't normally like thai food but this is so good at such a fair price ! keep it up !
locations stay packed but overall no complaints . the renovations look great . overall appearance meets my expectation .
good beer selection , most major tx brewers on tap every austin brewer , new and old as well
really great bartenders ! always have a smile on their pretty little faces ! good pours and fun people .
best pho in the quincy , shredded pork fresh rolls are unique and delicious .
best pedicure with theresa . she's also fun to visit with !
best lattes in austin . staff are always awesome . thunderbird is hands down my favorite coffee shop around
i love this gym . i'm glad it came to my neighborhood .
their combos are delicious and full of flavour ! there is a great place with some great lunch specials !
i had the awesome nona blue burger . i highly recommend this burger . robby , the server did a great job !
clean place , friendly staff great washer driers ! plus they have free wifi !
great food . great service . sat at bar . rich couldn't have been any friendlier . amazing food .
cozy vibe , great place to study . bring a charged computer incase you don't grab an outlet , though !
good stuff guys , good stuff , eat , and splendor .
pretty great food ! the place was packed but we got in right away and the service was great !
just went for the first time . two words burger nirvana .
every sandwich salad or dish i have eaten here has been very good . like thir food
hanger steak was the best and the selection of wines , very impressive !
ambience clean , fresh , not too loud or distracting . sandwiches everything you could hope for and more . recommend the fat jerry !
excellent food ! great price . very clean restaurant in and out . super friendly ans courteous staff . will definitely come back again .
group classes are the best ! sherri teaches cycle , weights and yoga ! all the trainers are fabulous and fun .
this is , by far , our favorite italian restaurant . the food is absolutely wonderful and the customer service is even better !
because this former airport encompasses a large part of what i believe it means to to be a proud austinite .
excellent service . great food , love spicy bloody mary .
their all you can eat sushi , is amazing ! i come here at least once a month to satisfy my sushi craving !
love the beer alley ! selection of everything makes it feel like a farmers market all the time ! love it !
great atmosphere . good food . ok bartenders .
we had a great time in toro ! the foods are delicious and delicate . we will definitely comeback soon !
this bar is fantastic ! we are tourists and the staff was so friendly , welcoming , and helpful . highly recommend !
awesome , loved it so much we purposely left our phone so we could go back . great wine . killer staff .
love the whole scene , location and the cheese and chocolate plate
great paper , office furniture , art suff , cool lamps , and , accessories .
i had the scallops and shrimp with the spinach and the mushroom risotto . absolutely delicious !
amazing food and customer service . get the eggs benny over portabello mushroom and the truffle hash .
hands down one the best places i have ever gone to and had their brussels sprouts ! totally would go again !
absolutely my favorite place to get ice cream . the girls are so friendly and a great selection of ice cream
jill miller is an excellent lmt . i leave her feeling renewed and relaxed . can't recommend her enough .
i had the sea salt with caramel ribbons scoop . absolutely incredible !
the nohito drink tastes a lot like a mint julep if you miss them at disneyland !
this place was low key but the food was amazing . the belli's are everything . the french toast was bomb .
great weekend brunch options egg cups , poached eggs in a scone . and of course , great coffee !
catlin n was an amazing server ! cared so much and was so professional ! i would come back just for her
ore' is a great inspector . his inspection report was perfect . i really really recommend this company .
i could seriously eat this food on a daily basis . definitely give it a try , you won't be disappointed .
this is the best fish and chips in town ! light batter , fresh cod , fat real chips ! a must stop !
got a colorful wrist tattoo here a while ago . professional and clean service , and coppersnake is an excellent artist
delightful sushi and ramen restaurant . service was outstanding and the sushi and ramen we had were delicious .
amazing shaved ice , real fruit juice and great service !
excellent food and service . will return again and again ! easy to get to , new shopping center .
i live this place place so good , and affordable ! i will be back , back each time i visit canada !
great horchata ! friendly staff , big burritos . lots of fun decorations , and lively music . would eat here again .
good lechon kawali and the breakfast menu . have not tried lunch menu yet but will get it next time
good place to have some tasty desserts . but definitely not an everyday thing , if you are into working out
pretty damn good . just had lunch there poultry . good stuff .
delicious and they deliver fast . a bit on the expensive side but when you have the money you should splurge .
people there are great very friendly and hilarious . i really enjoy their sides collard greens and mac n cheese .
everyone here is helpful and friendly . nobody ever makes me feel stupid for being computer illiterate when i ask questions .
great vibes a newfound gem . definitely recommend if your interested in a truly hipster place
super food fish is perfect
chris gave me an awesome haircut today . he was so patient and detail oriented ! already booked my next two appts !
top notch gymnastics training . dedicated staff and excellent coaching .
this is my favorite steakhouse in vancouver . the service is great and food was phenomenal .
how can you not like cactas ya ya ? i definately love their bo margaritas !
the food here is on point and such a nice atmosphere . great restaurant to eat tex mex and watch football
easily the best mexican food i ve had for this price . you won't be disappointed .
their vegetarian platter is as good as it gets . much more flavorful than adis and asmara . great prices too !
good prices , friendly owners , very warm inside . glad they had chairs outside and drinks for sale .
authentic , cheap , and tasty .
excellent food and packaging . i love their no tipping policy !
they are just like i remember them . excellent value , their fish taco and el guapo are really tasty . go resnet !
victor , the manager , is one of the nicest guys . will definitely come back next time i have any auto needs
a wonderful bar with attentive staff and martinis to die for . unfortunately , their food is fairly expensive and blah .
this place is worthy of a drive from denver to boulder . rincon makes better empanadas than restaurants in argentina bet !
the wait staff and meal were both fabulous ! what a great dining experience .
amazing mechanic shop . professional , trustworthy , and efficient . will be bringing my vehicle back for the foreseeable future !
super friendly staff . we love the old , portland , classic atmosphere . the pizza is always delicious . hometown favorite !
they did a beautiful job and everybody was so friendly . their actual space is very beautiful
ice cream was delicious , you must try the cookie dough topping which is served warm and melty , amazing !
great service i had issue with my rolex i took it in price was good fast and they are experts .
love the ambience , music , delicious food and drinks ! i will definitely be returning !
love the customer service atmosphere . also my nails are always so pretty !
love this place . great service , food is wonderful w the cajun thing welcome . i always enjoy coming here .
drinks were really good , the waiting line was hectic on opening day . neat and yummy !
keisha was very helpful and helped me transfer an account when my uncle died and made it very easy .
delicious falafel , one of the best in the boston area . recommend for take out .
great fried chicken though not your usual southern fried chicken . service is great and very accommodating . we love the chamblee location !
love , love , love sweet mama's . excellent breakfast food . love the pancakes , and home fries .
love them but high turnover . i get hooked on one person and then she's gone in a month
love this place ! convenient to work ! great place to meet friends . awesome service . fish chips are always my favorite .
amazing sandwiches for great prices ! bacon is crisp and delicious ! would put in my mouth again .
everyone is great here ! i tried the sns for the first time and i will definitely be back .
great one stop shop for hot food , basic groceries , and alcohol . super convenient and friendly service .
great atmosphere , menu , and service . best lemon drop martini i've ever had . great apps and entrees !
i've been here maybe x . i guess it's ok lol no the service and the food both are amazing !
love this place . filling , creative sandwiches , killer potato salad . a go to for any day
awesome steaks ! almost the great same sides and quality . would definitely come back again .
delicious food and definitely can tell that the seafood is fresh ! wait staff is friendly
food is usually good and plentiful . tonight's cream of broccoli soup is too salty , however .
food was excellent ! super hot and fresh . counter service was friendly . definitely recommend .
great customer service . nice to have a professional , reliable and friendly auto service that always delivers . quick service too !
great shopping , parking is horrible and you need patience or you will get frustrated .
looks closed . this place i usually hit or miss , but it looks permanently closed now
best neighborhood bar ! amazing service ! service is fast and efficient . i would definitely recommend coming here !
lovely atmosphere and spectacular service . had a perfect filet mignon and the most amazing banana cream pie ever !
very high quality indian food , and delivery was incredibly convenient and fast . much appreciated .
did a great job with our business locks . was professional , friendly , good priced and good attitude .
best poke in town hands down . been coming here for years and hasn't disappointed once !
good food . ribs , corn bread and i don't even eat corn bread , steak , and wings . good service .
everything i order from here comes fast and hot great chinese food in orlando area this is the place
closes tacos to the real mexican taco in boston area
good food , and plenty of it , for reasonable prices . alongside tiffins , this is one of my go to lunch spots .
nice rooms , nice bar , nice front desk . i will definetly stay again !
this place is a diamond in the rough ! great people serving amazing food and beer . and there's free wifi !
great service with immediate attention . friendly and cost efficient . an excellent experience . thanks paul .
the complimentary benny's are amazing . i had the portuguese fried rice which is unique and extremely tasty ! love this place !
oh yum , yummy , yum , yum , yumm . great prices , great portions ! and oh so yummmmmmy .
exquisite cupcakes , awesome service ! hands down you must get your goodies here . it will satisfy any sweet tooth .
great attraction , shot a . magnum and a tommy gun . we are already planning our next visit !
great food . great coffee . great atmosphere .
stephanie is so helpful and personable , she did a great job on our clothes at a very reasonable rate .
wonderful food and service . great family run restaurant with a varied and consistent menu .
the margaritas are awesome ! food is really great but small servings so make sure you order a couple of things .
i had a great experience working with this company when searching for my new home and would highly recommend them .
this place is so authentic and the people working are really nice ! definitely recommend the guarana soda and the yuca !
wow ! i had the shaved lamb on french bread that was out of this world and the service was great !
pho in tualatin ? ! ? ! hell yeah . super good food in the middle of the suburban wasteland .
probably the best lasagna i've had . great service . nice atmosphere . traditional southern italian .
the best thing is the ambiance . the product is ok . the prepared food is actually really good .
possibly my favorite ride at wdw . worth minute line . of course it was only degrees yesterday . nice .
great staff . old school sushi restaurant with asian gentlemen cooking and preparing the sushi . best sushi i've ever had .
great ice cream ! will be back and recommend . the ice cream is so good and they serve fresh cones
precision camera is the sammys of austin . without the la attitude .
so so very nice people ! simone is the best . kind hearted . all the staff is very nice
coast to coast tuna app and atlantic salmon . very nice light meal
congrats to evan and andy ! you two get stars ! excellent customer service , quick paperwork and awesome delivery ! thank you !
awesome burger , warm , friendly , and genuine service , and nice ambience . yum !
this place isn't very busy but it's pretty great . traditional mexican and pleasant staff . frequent often for a good reason .
i love this place , me and my yola's go to spot . great burgers .
just gets better every single time . definitely try the deep fried calamari
idly can be more softer and better . spinach pakora is good .
last nights diner was great ! happy hour has good prices and great service !
one of the best tortas i've ever had ! so glad i broke from my tradition of the carne asadas tacos .
incredible food . the team service makes all the difference . always a positive experience .
fish tacos are awesome . great place to come watch soccer . awesome happy hour specials !
such a wonderful place ! jorge , michael and michelle couldn't be nicer . and they do an amazing job with hair too !
best fried chicken in the area ! can't go wrong with the chicken popcorn or the chicken sandwich
amazing massage by lillian ! beautiful spa and wonderful service . i will definitely be back .
excellent food . loved the ambiance and very friendly staff . highly recommend . will be going there again .
this place has my favorite butter , masala , and saag in atlanta . staff is super friendly , too .
i've been there three times and three times it's been fabulous . great food . great service . great ambience .
the place itself is beautiful , the whiskey and wine selection is amazing . the food and service were good , not great .
love everything about this place ! the entrees were full of flavor ! everything was onpoint !
wonderful l grew up in a cunene house hold . the food took me back to my childhood yummmmmmmy
sweet potato marshmallow , gingerbread with hard rum sauce ! and the angels sang ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !
had some sunday brunch here recently and it was good . food and place is creative . staff super friendly .
great food and better service . henry was my server and he was so kind handsome too . thanks
great authentic tasting food . clean and quite environment . main dishes are a little expensive but worth ever penny .
this was a great spot for a casual lunch in the north end ! pizza made fresh , great flavor .
they have a nice variety individual pies for . what the fuck else do you want ! ? !
great food at a great price point ! healthy , fast , filling and beautiful . will be returning for sure !
new restaurant . good friendly service . fresh seafoods ! very well done . st time here and surely coming back
very fluffy , well cooked naan , and rice that is not so over cooked that it sticks . good for take out !
great spot , open and airy . had the relish burger , yummy . good tv coverage for sports , bathrooms are nice too .
i liked the low key atmoshphere . i wanted a simple cut and it just the right length . no fuss .
you definitely have to check out lee the bartender . he works every wednesday and some saturdays . tip him well , ladies .
great bar food and one of the biggest patios in the area . the chicken fingers are dope !
i would highly recommend a visit to this establishment , the food is delicious and well priced !
the quiche and salad is divine ! the coffee can be too strong sometimes , goodies are amazing and unique ! love
very good food . service was really good . great place to go for lunch . i will be returning .
absolutely delicious ! awesome service ! it has earned a reputation as the creme de la creme and it totally is !
majority of the items there is cheap which is wonderful for the lower income families .
like the ambiance , food is good . good for a night out with friends . my husband loves the steak !
wonderful every time . i wish i could have it more often . i always get the chicken tikka shawarma wrap .
mixed plate and falafel eggplant sandwich . flawless ! if you're looking for authentic middle eastern food , i would strongly recommend !
so love love love the alligator cheesecake , cajun pasta , delicious . they need to put tibbys in jacksonville , fl .
this place is pretty cool , with a laid back atmosphere . i stop by there when in town .
great food great service . a small cozy italian restaurant in the middle of little italy .
ordered the '' shrimp pizza very delicious too big for one person though lol not expensive too
this peruvian food is good and legit ! chef david cooks up the best food on th ! they made my night !
outstanding food . very quick service , and open late , which is a plus after a long day at the parks .
me and the wife both love big kahuna ! good portions and wife like the flower on her plate
definitely the best pizza in down ! the chain pizza places don't even compare to this .
delicious noddle . my friend said only beef no noddle . also clean place and nice serves .
luv this place . they fixed a phone that i didn't think could be fixed . great prices too .
came in today after a long spell . buffet was good and the vegetarian options were delicious !
great experience , awsome performance and great drinks ! different twist on escape room but very well welcomed
seriously love this place . i have been getting all of my supplies here for years it's amazing !
wings were very tasty i prefer the buffalo sauce over the honey mustard . the wings are big in size .
excellent all around . great service and quality . mike was a pleasure to deal with and very helpful .
best gifts because they're edible ! how can you say no to chocolate dipped pineapples ! yum . never disappoints .
did a great job matching a competing quote from toyota and great service very pleasant to work with
great healthy food , especially for the price !
sweet staff members and a clean , warm , stylish environment . best place for an affordable haircut in east boston !
we were in town of a night and ordered flippers . great pizza !
always excellent and authentic new mexican food ! the green chile and relents are fantastic !
thanks to yelpers review that we found this place . absolutely a good deal meal with excellent portions .
don't even consider going anywhere else . quality work , awesome people , and fair prices .
the apple fritters and buttermilk bars have stolen my pastry filled heart . so good !
have been here for lunch and dinner numerous times and they always serve great food with excellent service
i love poutins ! sooo good . and many varieties to choose from . cheap and yummy , open really late for after clubbing .
great and efficient service all week ! thanks for the hospitality !
classic . good za and chicken fingers ! i wonder who mark is ! definitely better than peter's . fightingwords pizzawars .
good steak dinner , generous portions , and delicious desserts ! non steak options for those not that into beef .
great entertainment ! some friends took us here after we suggested cap city . what a great night !
really tasty food and good environment in boston italy . the seafoods are so fresh as well lots in the meal
great selection of beer ! love their local section with so many choices of locally brewed beers !
great service with the best pad thai . this place has a great atmosphere with a nice traditional interior design .
hangover cure taco express i miss you loca maria !
surprisingly enjoyed their product in a sandwich at marche and dropped in to their b m spot for more .
the stuffed jalapeno appetizer is heavenly . and you can never go wrong with a margarita !
awesome peruvian food ! very unique . very friendly staff and perfectly sized portions !
pancake flights ? gorgeous local craft coffee ? dancing waitresses ? yup .
the food was great and fresh , and the music selection provided a nice atmosphere . the service was awesome as well .
great visit . short waiting time , quick check in , nice visit with doctor .
awesome ice cream . slow to make , so steer clear with a line .
great food , easy online ordering for take out . so happy we found this on our one night in atlanta !
delicious tator tots , beer and a free game of medieval madness . i'm satisfied .
the best lunch in bean town . wish we could eat here every day but we live in western mass !
the burger week burger is incredible ! turkey burger with jerk sauce and goat cheese . delicious !
delicious food ! tots with garlic rosemary excellent . service friendly and quick . great atmosphere . will definitely return and recommend . thanks whelan's .
i mean , pearl light . and a two sided fireplace . and hula hoops . hula hoops . come on . . right on .
came again ! had gf pasta carbonara . terrific my favorite ! my husband had the cioppino and a salad . continues to deliver , thanks !
drove from shiner to get a truck for my nephew , no problems , no fuss , ask for erick lopez
the pork chop delux is truly excellent , and they make some of the best sweetpotato fries in pdx .
beautiful decor , friendly , efficient staff amazing smoothies ! can't wait to try more of the menu !
la comida buenisima la papa a la huancaina , aji de gallina tallarin verde . , y la atencion expectacular ! definitivamente regresaremos
great food , great service , nice ambiance , great drinks , a little pricey but worth it
always helpful quick service . we go there for all of our battery needs from watch batteries to key fobs .
consistant great food and service . get the minced chicken lettuce wraps and the garlic chicken , extra spicy
overpriced . the waiter had a fake accent . he really tried . the seating area was nice .
we loved the steamed rolls and banh mi ! outstanding atmosphere and service . very easy to communicate with .
very tasty ramen compared to other spots . good appetizers too . bonus they're open a little later than some spots .
love on deck ! they have the best happy hour and their servers are so nice and awesome , especially liz !
i think i found my new nail salon . they were very friendly and professional . the pricing is very reasonable .
fantastic staff and doctors . didn't wait for long . doctors explained things very well . got the care we needed .
great service wish there was more beer selection but the food was amazing ! samosas were my favorite
i heart this bar . great food , great outdoor bar , even better staff . and it's so dog friendly .
purchased a new sts , all wen't smoothly , professional , good warranty experience !
update on my old review . the place has improved dramatically ! very good puzza and ambiance . give it a try .
fantabulous upscale pizza parlor ! make sure you try their sangria too !
i'll keep this short and sweet these are hands down the best cupcakes in the columbus area
great out door park . can't bring dogs . watch the kids as there are cave openings that they can fall into .
had some great poke bowls , fruit tea and smoothies ! definitely swing by if you're in the area .
what a cute place ! delicious food . love the buckwheat pancakes and soba noodle salad . yummmmmeh .
great bus , nice driver , fun time . highly recommend wtf party bus and will definitely use them again !
great food for everyone . my family is vegan and we ate well . unique experience in a homey environment
love the atmosphere , foods are fresh and presented nicely ! place is well kept and clean .
there maple bars are still the best anywhere ! sugar glazed are great too !
so much bread ! such great prices ! staff are always fast and friendly
money everything was good . especially like the mint chutney ! great to go setup for covid .
great music venue the gentleman in the ticket booth was super friendly .
amazing ramen , friendly staff , clean and good interior design . a must go to for the serious ramen otaku !
great burgers fries . try the bucket list baskets .
yum yum . don't shame yourself . dress up and bring your wallet !
the best pizza in atlanta . bring a bottle of red wine order the margherita pizza . can't go wrong !
this place rocks ! walk ins are welcome or you can request your favorite nail tech ! always very good service .
i just realized they have a way bigger selection of pastries on the weekend ! wow i love this plac
my oh my the portions are big ! super cool staff serving big ole bowls of yummy pho . i'll be back !
best cycling studio in town . great instructors and well managed . you can also signup for classes at the last minute .
love this salon . awesome mani and pedi . i'm a regular . melissa is the best ! check it out !
everything i've ever had from this bakery has been delicious . it's a bit pricy but worth it !
solid food truck with delicious mexican food . an oasis in a desert of good food options .
wow , this place is great . way more than tea ! great healthy yogurt bar , sandwiches , breakfast .
fantastic cocktails and friendly custom ! menu is very intriguing . we will definitely go back for dinner . thank you !
i loved this place , i used to live around the corner and ate there every other day .
really good food and attentive staff . i've been here twice and had consistent results . highly recommend !
never had a cake ball until this place . unreal . red velvet cake shake was pretty good too
this place is great . tons of frames to choose from , and everyone i've dealt with is friendly and helpful .
great vegan grub ! we had some vegan tacos with their 'mac and cheese' , and they were great !
excellent repair shop . has given many of my favorite shoes multiple extra lives . highly recommend .
very nice brunch place . i got the eggs benedict and it was very tasty . nice decor as well .
food very delicious . very nice service . dining room feel very comfortable and warm during this cold weather .
currently eating my sundae . and it is awesome ! delivering ice cream ? this might be my new favorite place !
wonderful atmosphere , cocktails , and food definitely on the list for our next trip to portland .
i don't cate what else you do go here and eat queso . also the breakfast tacos are amazing
great staff , great members , wonderful experience ! looking forward to continuing my yoga journey with this amazing corepower yoga studio !
amazing service and great price ! my car looks amazing without paying for it to be detailed .
had excellent service and outstanding pulled pork tacos . black beans wonderful , hot tea flavorful . well done
south austin location delicious ! it just keeps getting better and better !
having the bbq biscuit and the fried chicken with fried green tomato and wedgie and cajun fries . great food .
very clean , good lunch for . ! all food was constantly refreshed , nice mix of seafood and meats .
pretty good food . outdoor seating is nice when the weather is good . different flavors of mimosas check em out
delicious ! fish tacos were perfectly cooked and the service was just amazing . thank you carmen .
my daughter is interning here , she has been touched , with the services here . so now i'm here for volunteer orientation .
delicious food and nice atmosphere ! the servers are friendly and the prices aren't too bad for what you get .
i really like this nail shop . i have never had a bad experience here !
top of the line bbq . don't forget to order the red beans and rice . it's amazing . the staff is great
great movers at a great price very friendly hardworking crew . i will definitely use them for any future moves !
so lucky to live down the street from this spot . my toes always look amazing and the pedi lasts forever .
great burritos . also hard shell tacos . if that's what you like give it a try . chips and salsa come order .
good place . good people . clean shop and range . best prices on range time in town . nice selection of holsters too .
nice place . wings were awesome everything else was good . good service and clean .
authentic chinese food from taiwan . had the oyster pancake , stinky tofu , and shanghai dumplings . highly recommended !
soooo good , fresh and very healthy . i come here every time i'm in town . love this place .
great place to hangout on property ! if you love piano bars that take requests , you will love jellyrolls .
great breakfast tacos ! love this places , will be back again and again . service was good
i love my new smile thanks to dr . rebecca paglia . she is the best !
i too is fantastic . go to duli for your brazilians and to either shoba or velma for your eyebrows .
best pizza , period . great friendly service . nice place , great location ! a real sit down dinner !
same menu , same ingredients . but you can get a table . quercia kills it every time .
great food and atmosphere . staff was knowledgeable and helpful . free parking around the corner . great for kids .
best lingerie store i've been to in portland so far . wide variety of shoes and oufits i love shopping here !
pretty good dim sum for the midwest . reasonable prices , a bit pricy though .
excellent service , delicious and authentic persian food . worth my minute drive to this place .
great for a date night . food is pretty expensive , but it's expected . drinks and ambience is amazing !
the best spot in boulder ! i always get the taiwanese noodles and man will they blow your mind .
hit the spot , drained the wallet
amazing ! so quick and professional . i would definitely recommend coming here . i always break my phone lol
food was great . good portions and friendly service based on calling to order and the delivery driver .
super love . it's a cozy and friendly place with simply amazing food . seriously worth the wait . i highly recommend it !
always happy to have macy's nearby . overall good selection . vagrancy in this area detracts from an otherwise pleasant shopping area
best customer service at a coffee shop we have received in oregon . coffee is top notch .
excellent personable service . very clean and products are great . salon has very nice eclectic feel
amazing food great service . a perfect place for vegetarians as they have good options . highly recommended !
we love onetaco . everything we have ever had has been so good and fresh . their tortillas are amazing . yum .
really beautiful and delicious pastries ! i tried the nectarine galette and it was fantastic and reminded me of parisian pastries .
service is always exceptional here . bread and meats in my opinion is better than fogo
great beer menu , and a very knowledgeable wait staff . the sauerkraut is killer .
we love clay's wings , pizza , and atmosphere . family friendly and casual ! the service is always spectacular as well !
extremely clean and well decorated . food was very delicious and fresh . will come back for sure !
kimber and alie were incredibly helpful . love my new sharkskin boots !
very yummy food ! the guy who was taking orders and serving was very friendly ! recommend
great oysters at great prices ! only downside is the limited seating . they really need a bar double the size
its prety good but the cheese falls off so easily sometimes but recently it hasn't as much
if you have not tried nama chocolate before , this will satisfy your ultimate chocolate craving .
attentive and fast service . burger was tasty . french fries and onion rings delicious !
charming christmas experience . best santa house decorations fabulous , especially inside this mansion ! holiday treat for all ages !
fast service , fresh ingredients . tasty ! very small sandwiches for the price though .
good comfort food with a modern twist . went here on a recommendation , didn't disappoint .
outstanding gears and sports clothing . love the jackets and the looks . whole family is decked out with columbia gear now .
good place to have a low key drink with some friends and watch a game . drinks are all reasonably priced .
great show , great service . fun fun fun ! love the buffet . very reminiscent to ol chicago . fantastic
my favorite restaurant at wdw . excellent food , service , and ambience . the boardwalk atmosphere is a plus , too !
great art supply store . oil , canvas and brush selection is awesome . got to try some brands i hadn't seen before .
closed now but available at the saturday flea market , great selection of vegetables .
great service , huge menu , beautiful and tasty sushi ! there are also wok dinners , udon noodle bowls , etc . so yummy !
food was delicious , but there was a overlying issue . they didn't have sprite . or sierra mist . it was a problem .
tasty . late . night . sugar . now i need a detox . worth stopping in ! cash only , so be prepared .
ordered pizzas online for a birthday party including gluten free options . arrived on time , hot , delicious reasonably priced .
i recommend the weekend brunch . be adventerous when you order the chef knows what she's doing .
definitely gotta have the fried chicken wings if you haven't . you won't be disappointed !
turnaround time and quality of the work was amazing . will be using again for all my detailing needs .
absolutely amazing , this guy knows his classic bikes and doesn't jerk you around cause your a girl . couldn't recommend more !
really yummy ! nice service . little bit of a wait , but their restaurant isn't too big so that's expected
the entire experience was great . great atmosphere , awesome food . be aware , the portions are very large so bring your appetite !
margaritas are awesome ! stuff is friendly . i would definetely recommend having dinner at this place !
we had an amazing meal and the waitress tracy was very awesome . she provided outstanding service
friendly staff . clean . efficient . i'd definitively come back if i'm in yaletown again
great food , service , and watermelon margaritas ! the tortilla soup and quail were excellent . we will be coming back .
very impressed with the compassionate service . highly recommend bluebonnet . dr . vogeler is excellent .
great prices , quick turnaround , and amazing quality ! they did a free tire rotation with my oil change too ! i'm sold .
excellent service every time we visit and we often often . very helpful customer service for usps and ups .
had their fried cod and chips at smorgasburg today . best fish and chips i've had in la . .
great food , great service ! i will definitely be back ! lolipops nice touch !
it took me a while , but i finally ordered the chili cheese burger . heaven .
great fish and chips , great music , awesome selection of draught beer , friendly people . what more do you want ? ! ?
tasty moist wings with delicious sauces . dipping sauces tasted store bought . variety on menu very appealing . definitely will go there again !
mine and my family's favorite ! love how they have tapas so we can all taste everything
dear trigger please , please , please do a brunch . i can think of nothing better . thanks . p
obsessed with this place generous portions creamy seasoned broth option to make ramen a combo also cute japanese drinks
delicious food and presentation was beautiful . excellent service and very kind waiter . absolutely will be returning soon !
amazing store with a great selection . a gem for those whom enjoy rummaging for treasure .
came near closing time on a saturday evening . service was great ! very friendly staff . donuts were excellent ! i'll be back !
great friendly chinese restaurant in lynn . served delicious warm food . we didn't have to wait too long
great margaritas and great black bean nachos ! right downtown so convenient area too .
amazing ice cream and great service ! too long of a line though , needs better service to shorten the wait .
good one night stay . free hot breakfast and airport pick up . room was clean and fairly comfortable .
general tsao's chicken and crab wontons are the best ! always made to order and lunch deals are great value
great food . great service . great ambiance . been here multiple times and will keep going back !
good place . we enjoyed both bento boxes . the part that isn't , cannot be controlled the traffic on .
fresh , fast , happy delivery to my ormewood park abode . done and done .
everything was delicious . spice levels are amazing just enough kick for a little sweat with a punch full of flavor .
friendly staff and they do a great job of cleaning the supplies used . always look forward to coming back .
had a great experience . casual staff and friendly n accommodating . food was unique , ample n delicious
varied menu selections . service was excellent ! the dessert though . fresh fried donuts . yum !
really cool shoe store . stop in and walk up to the soda machine .
this kroger is convenient because it's close to my house however they run out of stuff all the time
great distillery and restaurant in the hill country . you can also get beer over here . check it out !
wonderful pizza , delicious risotto , great octopus dish . overall great dining experience at a fair price .
beautiful , affordable lashes . hanna is a sweetheart . licensed cosmotologist with aveda training .
new owner , management has made this place something coming to ! generous portions and worth the price .
the food was good . i had chicken which want the best but still tasty . maybe try beef .
super yummy ! best pho meatballs in town !
mexican roll and ginseng roll my fav . never had anything that didn't like . try the plum wine !
service much improved ! highly recommended ! yes ! they always have vietnamese rolls and great selection of herbal decaf tea . perfect !
best seafood in town . i like to have the spiciest version . shrimps , crabs , sausage . , they make it perfect
excellent storage facilities with all sizes of options for your needs . also sell packaging products at very good pricing .
delicious espresso and don't forget to try the sandwich cuba
great little place to grab dinner . tempura udon was tasty , and filling . we'll be back to try the sushi .
the eggs benedict was great and mimosa . great service . received the food under min . reasonable portion and price
i went back . had the le thon ras el hanout . yummy ! great cocktails . friend had the waffles still meh . still loud .
eating delicious breakfast food while listening to dmx . this place is awesome ! tim was a great waiter .
unique restaurant and great food . the atmosphere was pleasant and they also have a , nice wine drink list .
best huge bagels in town ! great portions . parking can be challenging . the drive thru as well . friendly staff .
very busy restaurant the day before thanksgiving . surprisingly , service and food were all fast ! good , affordable , and fun !
i always love the americano here . it tastes great , smell good . customer service is super friendly and awesome .
best vietnamese sandwich in town . i recommend calling in ahead of time because they are always busy .
i too , enjoyed the chickpea fritter . delicious and fresh . the service was quick and exceptionally friendly .
fantastic . owner operated . free wipes for your dash , free vacuums ! i will definitely be back !
this place is amazing . the breakfast tacos or lunch ones are the bomb . the toscano is legit !
excellent iced coffee ! they even sell concentrate . get the elgin sausage breakfast taco
love this bar and the live music . excellent service and drinks !
cool vibes . bike friendly and connecting biking community with good coffee . chai latte . food in house
cute little cafe . great clam chowder and delicious bread . small and nothing fancy , but good food .
very large portions . very accommodating for allergies . delicious food . great service , great atmosphere . adam was fabulous .
especially for a quick service spot , high quality ingredients and better than basic menu options .
this place is absolutely delicious and clean ! so many items to choose from . it's a must try !
fresh ingredients . they make it right in front of you . this is an awesome place for breakfast and lunch !
all the food is made fresh in house , even the pastries ! the honey square was amazing !
this place is as awesome as a barnes and noble . but cheap !
best burgers , sushi and salads on our maui trip .
good place for a walk in . for an underarm waxing ! love it .
just visiting austin on business , this is an excellent restaurant ! great service and amazing food .
what a wonderful practice thoughtful , effective , personal . highly recommend .
get the wings . you will not regret the deliciousness of infinite flavor dashing into your oral cavern
a family friendly restaurant with good food and great , warm service , at decent prices .
i keep coming back to this place , is the best , reliable , friendly with the best prices in the area .
enjoyed all day happy hour yesterday . loved their mezcal cocktails ! very flavorful . food always delicious , too . friendly staff .
so good ! maybe the best donuts i've ever had in my life . and nice wait staff . excellent !
great service , delicious flavor , quality ingredients . expect to wait in line for some time even during a weekday .
best in austin . if you have curly hair , go with jim , he is amazing !
best programming , best coaches , best facilities ! most amazing community ! life changing !
i had a great experience at austin window tint . the price was reasonable , and the work was fast .
this place is still legendary ! strong drinks , drunk bartenders , dark , and naked lady wallpaper ! how 's porn can we get ? !
great place for lunch . very good burger and excellent service .
food is very good and it's very affordable . definitely more than what i expected for that price . totally recommend it !
i heart austin and all its weirdness .
flavors , packaging , service , free samples , cookies , everything about this place is awesome . such delicious and unusual chocolate !
yummmmmy nachos ! omg . yum . beachside peach drink soooo delicious . good service too . first time here . check it out !
i go every sunday . good prices , fresh produce , friendly neighborhood service , and a festive atmosphere .
the service was fast and great and ramen was good . i'll go back there again for sure !
what a great experience ! booking was easy and the people couldn't have been friendlier ! whole heartedly recommend float on !
great food , great service . the burgers here are some of the best around . karaoke night on wednesday is a blast
best selection in town . staff is always super helpful . and , they are open til . stars well deserved !
good service . menu is budget friendly . breakfast items are unique and breakfast is served to closing .
loved my first experience here . cindy was great and such a pleasure . nice clean salon .
super great food ! get the horchata , get the enchiladas , get the guacomole , and get it again and again !
great communication , easy to pay bill . the crew was quick , efficient and very respectful . i would use again
love this place fast , friendly and delicious . their bbq pork soup is the best in town !
incredible thai transcending strip mall frontage serving up pure bliss
super cool place . great people good foid
always delicious . thanks for creating and delivrring great food and service as always . hoping to visit again soon .
it was very good and reasonably priced . from the miso soup , tempura , tonkatsu , to the sashimi . everything tasted great .
kassie is always gives great service at the bar . food is really good , i go there often
delicious . prices are reasonable , quick fast and hot . friendly and chill environment .
first pho place where they include more meat than noodles . combined with hot rooster sauce , the taste cannot be beat .
sensational ! if u are looking for some ice cream on newbury street , i ce ny is the place to go .
they were really accommodating when my year old changed his mind about his lunch . great place for families .
food and service were top notch . everyone in my group was very happy with their meal .
some of the nicest people ! great advice for our pup with anxiety and separation issues ! highly recommended .
my favorite fast casual burrito place ! never disappoints
love this place best home made tortillas in austin the food it's amazin love ording from them
best italian restaurant in columbus never have had a bad meal here great friendly service reasonable prices
great service . friendly atmosphere . small but cozy . great tasting food . similar to long john silver's but much better quality .
excellent service and food margaritas supreme very nice staff from california would definitely recommend again to anyone visiting on not
ask for amanda as she was awesome ! very polite , professional and attentive . great experience and we'll be back !
this place is one of my favourite places for sushi . worth of spending values for .
always looking for a good burger . courteous staff , good quality food . nice atmosphere . i'll be back for sure .
great food . had the pattymelt , fries and onion rings . everything fresh . great onion rings not greasy . great service !
a bit kitsch and delish . the northwest cioppono was amazing . i'll definitely go back !
very happy with the work done on our windows . friendly , punctual and efficient . would highly recommend .
such a cute little food cart ! and their food is soooooo gooooooood ! can't go wrong with anything on the menu !
great pizza and incredible friendly service . probably the best pizza i've had in many years !
really good food . we ordered the veggie burger and the grilled chicken panini . service was okay .
the goat cheese salad is so good . and they have a small wine and spirits section .
good ramen but the broth can be a little on the salty side . though that is part of ramen
i ordered some fish and chips and glad i did . the fish was good and the serving was ample
great food ! they have a fixed menu on sunday with delicious choices . we loved everything we ordered . highly reccomended !
love choosing my own sandwich cookie . i get to choose the ice cream flavor scoop and the cookie . yum yum .
garth was fabulous ! wonderful person and very skilled . i will definitely use him again !
delicious food but a little bit pricey . i'd definitely return if i could afford to .
for a giant christmas enthusiast , this is the best thing to exist .
they included hot tea , egg roll and choices of rice with meds entrees for no extra charge
my new favorite place to eat brunch in portland ! the only issue can be the wait because it so popular .
very tasty broth and pork and noodles . spicy tonkotsu could have been spicier . but overall really good ramen !
bella ravioli is a very authentic and old school pasta shop producing an excellent product .
love the singapore noodle . huge portion , you get soup with each order and its super affordable .
have eaten there times since moving to the area . good food at a good price .
victoria was the best ! honest and helpful ! we always find something gorgeous ! thanks so much david's bridal !
this is a super friendly store that always has a great selection of interesting bottles . very helpful staff !
great local brews and ambiance . service is fast and friendly .
we had a delicious breakfast here . eggs benedict and blueberry pancakes . the decor is charming .
scorpion burger sweet potato fries lavender lemonade heaven . nice staff , good food , reasonably priced . go now !
delicious burgers and steak fries . i especially like their blue cheese burger . fairly quick delivery .
a fantastic star experience . exquisite food , fantastic service , wonderful ambience .
super cute place . the coffee is decent , the pastry and bar variety looks great and the prices are very reasonable !
great experience it really felt like we were flying . great thing to do before boarding the ship . a must do
try a burrito with everything . it's loaded for . and sure to please
great business , very professional , brought my feet back to life . i will be back .
friendly staff , yummy reasonably priced cocktails , and everything i've eaten there has been very good . highly recommend veggie quesadilla .
our favorite thai restaurant in south austin ! we will miss being so close to this treasure .
very good falafel one of the best i've had in the brookline area . staff is very friendly .
great fried chicken and excellent oysters . i still love kfc . chicken was a bit spicy but very tender and juicy .
unique vegetarian friendly sushi creations , good stuff
new ownership ! fantastic menu and service . great place to watch a game and drink beer and eat !
great prices , great quality food and we checked in and got a roll . nice , clean , unassuming and approachable neighborhood feel .
tastes good , they have a good bogo deal but otherwise is kind of pricey . definitely worth it for the deal .
fresh and delicious pizza . good variety and value for money . definitely one of the best pizza chains in town .
solid thin crust pizza . i recommend getting yours with caramelized onions and goat cheese . drool .
came here for both a blowout and toner . easy online booking and very reasonably priced . will be back !
hairamas is the best ! he does amazing hair and will be the delight of your day ! always smiling !
absolutely love the breakfast burrito ! made with chorizo so it's a bit spicy but so good ! service is exceptional .
don't usually dig eggplant , but their eggplant parmesan is epic . the bread they use for their subs is perfect .
good stuff . enjoyed the pizza kits . fabulous turkey sandwich too . can't wait to go back for more .
great atmosphere and food expertly prepared and served !
the best cinnamon buns in town ! they are pricey , but totally worth it !
the oysters with the rhubarb granita were possibly the best i've ever had . the flavor combination was magic .
great staff ! had a great time . staff very friendly and attentive ! the kids got to do a lot of activities .
i cannot believe hh has closed . this was one of the few decent options for independent film north of boston .
very tasty special duck noodles ! fried rice was good as well . surprisingly everything we ordered we loved it !
super tasty yummy pancakes and pretty solid coffee . great service , friendly staff , and good location .
food is unreal . prices are decent . anything i've gotten has been stellar . definitely check it out for a good lunch .
best quiche in atlanta . gravel parking lot but don't let that scare you away . once inside it's great .
the outside seating in the summer has a great vibe , but the food was okay . definitely go in the summer
been here a few times ! can't go wrong they haven't let me down yet ! great food great staff !
great espresso . big ass fan . water thingy . lion sized catbox .
hands down , the best group acupuncture clinic in the boston area . serene , healing space . dalit mira are wonderful !
i ordered simple shrimp fried rice since it was my first time . it was good and satisfying . i would revisit !
stumptown and intelligentsia are the top of the coffee shop heap . if you can find one , grab it !
hottest dude ever works there . nuff sed .
love that this nail salon has so many chairs . cuts down the wait time .
their meat is halal and all of their dishes are excellent ! must try for an newbie !
great selection and great service . a special call out to jamie kaplan , her service on knowledge is really amazing !
service was okay , a little slow , but the food was awesome and i loved the pumpkin spice cocktail .
delicious food ! great service ! awesome people ! this is by far the best diner in watertown !
this place was great ! courteous staff , great drinks , and delicious food . the mole sauce is the best i've had .
ok place ! their beers are standard and solid . i came here with a few friends and enjoyed it .
supreme coffee quality in port moody . personal attention from lynn owner makes your visit more pleasant . highly recommended .
one of the great pizza places in town , definitely try it and ask for carnival style ! you will thank me !
definitely coming back . found my new favorite place near me . nice relaxing place . mimi was wonderful and kind .
great experience . love my malachite ring and emerald earrings . andy was wonderful to work with . thanks !
we had quesadillas , smoked turkey club sandwiches , tacos , and cottage fries . everything was delicious and the service was great .
cool vibe , great food , friendly service . i wish there were more hip spots like this in the lake mary area .
got the regular carnitas burrito delicious . lots of meat . tortilla was great quality compared to chipotle .
have been to place for many years . great food at a reasonable price . great bar and appetizer menus .
coffee is great , the ladies there are very friendly too . white chocolate mochas are yummy
drinks were delicious . food fresh . service great ! their menu includes a fresh daily margarita .
dr carlson is very knowledgeable about alternative treatments ! very friendly staff ! offers payment plans and care credit . genuinely likes pets .
everyone is always helpful . they are very personable and always gave everything in stock . great neighborhood store !
mark is still working wonders on my hair . just had to share . and rhyme
always pleasant and helpful . great customer loyalty program with substantial savings .
lisa did a great job on my pedicure ! glad to have found her by my new home . highly recommend .
best sub place in town . tons of toppings . parking can be tricky but it's worth it
great wing specials on tuesday evenings ! pound of wings and a pint for ! get the habanero wings !
delicious flavors and nice tender meat . quickest delivery we've experienced . thank you !
fantastic ! great sour beers . delicious thin crust pizza . better than pinthouse or abgb . on my list of top austin breweries .
great float . very clean tank room , owners are very professional , helpful , knowledgeable . definitely recommend .
quaint atmosphere , very good food . a good place to take the family .
comfy chairs , normal prices , just a little unorganized but nothing worse or different than your normal amc
a lot of food for the money . fast and fresh , highly recommend . came for lunch with coworkers .
great food , large amounts , good prices . made to order and have yet to have a negative experience .
pretty standard chinese fare . bonus points for a very friendly staff . support local family business !
organic , delicious ice cream . insanely friendly , helpful staff . give it a go if you want very rich ice cream .
fantastic as always . young lady was phenomenal with all aspects of service . food delicious . thank you caffe davinci .
best hookah bar in town , great staff great selection
very friendly service . fresh thai cooking priced right . pad thai and curries are excellent .
friendly staff and good food . eating outside is nice but the traffic noise is quite loud .
wonderful quick service before a show . the home made pasta with bolognese sauce was perfect .
carne asada , conquistado , and mole chicken taco . believe the hype !
excellent selection . amazing corals . very knowledgeable staff . their sister company services our aquarium .
fresh , delicious food and friendly service . a perfect little lunch spot . the falafel wrap is bangin' .
visited the showroom last september . beautiful store full of many cute items . service was really good with a stunning location !
i always look so much better when i leave authentic beauty ! stephanie does a beautiful brow arch .
words . chicken kofta . get one . really great mediterranean food . well worth the visit to the emory neighborhood .
wgc has some of the best customer service i've ever encountered . i wish more companies had this type of ethic .
ceiling to floor wall to wall a must see and fantastic staff to support everyones projects . we love this place
fun place with good food , great patio and great service
dollar pitchers and a great dive bar that's walking distance from my house . winning
great new place ! got a mani pedi and the service was perfect .
professional and very well priced . going to recommend them to anyone who asks me for a windshield place going forward .
fantastic service and great food . our server took care of our every need . i look forward to our next visit .
great spot downtown food is always on point and don't forget to check out the patio !
great service good service ! go see justin ! my favorite is between buffalo bites their mashed potatoes ! so good
quality work . these guys are not subs , and they are thorough and fast . great work and would use again .
been countless times now , every time the foods have all been delicious ! still breakfast brunch only experiences .
delicious ! and an awesome outdoor patio with fire pit . an awesome place to grab dinner and drinks with friends .
solid traditional greek menu . excellent , attentive service . great first experience .
very good food and service . the place was very clean and the owners were very pleasant and friendly
the tacos al pastor here are delicious . there's a little outdoor seating area with a few tables .
fresh and delicious ingredients . consistently great food . awesome service . i love coming here for lunch !
gotta get there early an grab some fresh draft try a wine mixed drink new twist on the oldest drinks !
the ultimate lobster roll ! and the best seafood platter ! omg ! will definitely go back
good hotel . adequate prices and near downtown disney .
fun and easy to communicate with
this place deserves a ten star rating . literally one of my favorite places in austin
great wine , friendly people , and a beautiful place . i bought a bottle of their merlot . i shall return .
absolutely the best shaved ice outside of hawaii !
delicious cheese pupusas and plantains ! the empanadas are a plaintain stuffed w cream , so good ! always great service .
the food and atmosphere were clean . the people were sweet . i had the impossible burger with vegan gouda . delicious !
awesome awesome ! very crowded but our wait was quick ! the chicken and waffles are amazingly delicious !
beautiful stadium , and a intense passion in the air for soccer and the portland timbers !
fantastic food ! one of the best restaurant of the area . original , affordable for the quality , and great service . highly recommended .
loved dat's sushi ! more than i could eat for a very reasonable price .
really good flavors selections husband loves general tso's tofu general tso's is really good
francisco is fantastic ! love him always get a good cut and the peacock space .
great business lunch environment . consistently great food service . for groups , reserve the private rooms downstairs .
amazing food , drinks and music ! just an all around great setting ! the scallops with risotto is out of this world !
very cool speakeasy . drinks were delicious best old fashioned i've ever had . definitely my cup of tea or whisky .
best bbq in atlanta . delicious brunswick stew , meats , sides . cant wait to go back
greatness for what is . plain and simple ! good food . personable service . not managed like a chain event . thank god !
great beer selection , and cant go wrong with the mac and cheese wedges .
our server , shelley , was wonderful ! our food tasted great . each room is unique , but the ballroom is the most stunning .
bought an awesome car here ! great interest rate , car is in pristine condition , exactly what i was looking for .
friendly service . a wide variety of mexican food to choose from . delicious desserts . will return again .
this is a great salon . tracy snd spring were nice and really professional . will definitely return !
this is just what arlington was missing . amazing customizable smoothies and new healthy food options . expensive but worth it !
very quiet area . the staff was friendly and the food was great . no long wait for a friday morning .
very fresh salmon and tuna sashimi . the salmon roe looks like crystal and very delicious .
my first time in austin and came here . hands down the best chicken and waffles !
we found this place by accident . the food is delicious . they had the best veggie burger and fries !
tiny menu , but very good food . small place as well so luckily we went at a non busy time .
such an amazing group of people and amazing food ! ask for the homemade hot sauce ! you wont regret it .
the food is so good . i highly recommend their tortas as they are the best that i have ever had .
i had a flawless experience with rtw photography . derrious was prompt , professional , and delivered photos with exceptional quality !
yes yes yes ! ambiance . delicious . cheap . friendly . go here often and tell your friends . excellent local spots deserve your money .
food is shockingly good here , plus full bar and cool upstairs patio with view of flatirons . what a great surprise .
one of the best cocktail menus and ambiances in atlanta ! if you drink bourbon , you must try their whiskey sour . amazing .
great beer , food and service . bloody loud though . so loud .
the ultra spicy ramen is one of my favorite items ! all so good though !
great boba smoothie and suuuuper good gyoza for a quick bite , not expensive either
my friend recommended kay and she was great ! i had a great experience and would definitely recommend them !
repeat customer and repeat satisfaction . prices are competitive and service very nice .
love it ! the pool , the rooms , the service . disney knows how to satisfy there guests !
i don't know how to choose from their beautiful display . everything is a winner , especially with apples .
love the buns ! phils has great food ! sliders are my fav
i had a great meal and drinks there this evening . the crab cakes are awesome and izzy's a fantastic bartender .
great service and reasonable prices . fast friendly and efficient . i won't go any where else !
best vegan yummies on the north shore and they make a delicious secret recipe chai , in house !
blessed to be able to attend . so much history and beauty . first class university
this is my favorite mexican restaurant . vegan and gluten free options . chips are uniquely thick and good .
triple yum ! ljlk keller williams boston metro
breakfast tacos aaaaaaaaall the way ! there's more i could say but do i need to ? nope .
these guys are awesome . simple small clinic and they take great care of my dogs . great place for dental cleaning .
attended a private party so the crowd was controlled and sparse . absolutely breathtaking view .
staff and providers are tremendously attentive and detailed . i have never had a bad experience at piedmont urgent care .
nice place , awesome staff , delicious food . like the place specially the coktails
publix an icon to the college park community . great service and friendly staff with awesome subs to match .
the boone's ferry location offers convenient and quick service and they always apply additional coupons .
i really like coming here amy is the best always a great experience feel like a million now
absolutely delicious . we've been there twice already . the food and the presentation is incredible .
this location is the best abo's in boulder and the closest i have come to east coast pizza . highly recommend !
loving the place and staff ! especially britt
the best turkish food i have had outside of istanbul . hands down . great food , excellent service , great decor .
me my wife and my kids go every year we love wait disney world magic litteraly makes dreams come true
always get the basil chicken . definitely a solid go to , and enough for two meals if you get double rice .
delicious fresh vegetarian vegan dishes prepared with care by monks . wide selection of dishes and excellent service .
all i want to say is i love the bee sting cake ! totally addictive .
the staff was very professional and the location is always clean very flexible and personalized experic
the beef chow mein was excellent and very reasonably priced i have the pad thai previously and also very tasty
came from the san francisco bay area . wasn't expecting to be smack , yet it was pretty smack .
great place for affordable vet care . clean , friendly and knowledgeable .
wasn't expecting such a kick ass pulled pork sandwich in beantown . someone here knows cajun . . stars for cold chili .
fabulous dining experience . great service outstanding dinner with great friends . steaks were amazing , outstanding wine selection and great service
really great , friendly and helpful employees at this store . good selection of healthy cat foods and cat litters .
definitely a nice place to chill . the food is delicious and the staff have been great .
great food , great people ! an absolutely hidden gem ! i was thrilled to have stumbled upon this delectable italian eatery .
always a great meal ! the meats are good quality and the marinades on them just offer that extra touch .
great brewery , wonderful selection . good happy hour . very diverse menu , great food . very friendly service from des .
nice staff . clean place . . per load to wash .
always good service a little slow . lunch specials are the best wad to go price wise . owner very friendly ! !
amazing service . amazing food . amazing ambience . just overall a great experience . highly recommended
the best caffe latta i have ever had beautiful house wonderful caffe relaxing music it's perfect !
really fun time paired with really horrible service . stars because who doesn't enjoying golfing and drinking ?
absolutely delicious ! amazing ! i have no words . the raspberry tart was amazing ! try this place . honestly !
delicious and the ladies were so sweet and helpful ! i'll go back again the next time i come to atlanta !
i just might leave my girlfriend for their chile relleno burrito . the separate menus for meat vegetarian vegan options was super helpful .
i never been there , but one day i ordered pupusas and woooow ! are really delicious ! i love it .
food and service is always nice ! just one suggestion some meat may be grilled better . just a suggestion !
a neighborhood staple . hearty portions , low prices , consistently good quality and service . love this place .
delicious , fresh flavorful food with great beer , open , outdoor atmosphere and energetic , friendly and incredibly helpful staff ! a must try !
it's definitely and underground cafe . good food . good vegetarian options . friendly staff .
this is a nice publix location . i enjoy the shopping experience here . love shopping for bogo items each week !
my favorite pizza place in grandview ! i recommend the veggie and the buffalo chicken pizza .
what can you say ? this is lynwood's ! best bar pizza anywhere ! a staple in the area , it's a must go !
best theme park restaurant ! highly affordable for a theme park restaurant too . love the steak salad and hot wings .
inexpensive , good sushi . neighborhood staple . been going here for over years , still like it !
outstanding . well worth the effort of finding the truck . i will be back next week .
best place teriyaki in town . large portion at a reasonable price ! fast service ! highly recommended !
a little expensive , but worthy . btw don't forget the green tea cake from lady m .
the food here is some of the best in portland . lamb dip sandwich and brisket are favorites !
allison is amazing . quick and as painless as possible . clean , nice rooms . great online reservation system .
i work on campus and love coming here for lunch . love the pizza , gyros and daily lunch specials .
bria skonberg , songstress and trumpeter , together with the vancouver symphony orchestra . and a drummer who was extraordinary .
it's loud and crammed but the food is very good . it was worth the wait . try their pizzas . soooo good .
fantastic experience . everyone there was wonderful and fun and we had fantastic massages . thanks for a perfect day .
amazing food and management ! definitely recommend . the berry salad and meatzza are delicious . our favorite new pizza place .
everything was perfect , until the valet lost the keys to my bmw . inexperienced valet , star experience at hotel .
my favorite diner in boston . the black stone eggs benedict is really good and i love fresh squeezed orange juice here .
love artistry . they use great products . kelly does amazing color and great cuts too . highly recommend her !
great friendly service ! really affordable ! can take on any project , big or small ! i had the best experience .
pizza is always delicious and delivered on time ! thanks for serving great pizza guys !
this place is awesome . crews are very friendly and helpful . chocolate factory so far is my favorite .
best customer service ever ! especially in the framing department !
you can't go wrong with their lunch buffet . they have a great selection of spicy , flavorful dishes .
the restaurant very clean ! taste very good ! is really healthy food ! i will come again !
great job . got a great haircut and color with sophie . went back again for a cut . she's a keeper !
still sells the best bread in our corner of massachusetts . the closest thing to san francisco sourdough in new england
best chicken and waffles ever ! enough said . beware , long lines .
great place to hang out ! can get crowded late night but every just wants to have a great time .
they did a quick and easy job replacing the batteries in my nixons . i'll be back soon !
definitely going back to this place . prices are reasonable , plenty of food and full of flavor !
this is what food trucks are all about . loved my food , great vegan options , friendly staff .
very small establishment quaint . service was fine and the food was very good . chips n salsa were good , too ,
the best corn beef hash on the planet take it to the bank . apple and brie omelet is also delicious .
love this place ! craig has got to be the best bartender i've had here . he's always professional and on point .
hip restaurant with hip food selection . had break fest here twice and was happy with the service and food selection .
my go to chinese restaurant when i was in waltham visiting friends . very authentic chinese food
great beer selection , food is pretty good , wish the menu had more selection . fun place to hang out .
amazing dosa , the best i've ever had ! ambiance and service was alright . but food is delicious !
great place ! excellent customer service , awesome ambiance . oh and they did a super job on my hair cut !
great pizza ! tomato basil one is very tasty . wait time is usually about minutes .
love the work , james is really good at what he does .
had an amazing artist and experience , highly recommend . ian bolsen did my tattoo , quick but clean and beautiful !
love this place ! great food and atmosphere . and the salsa is fantastic !
kafenio's grilled chicken wrap was so good ! i'm definitely coming back ! next i will taste the cheesecake baklva .
my favorite pizza place in town . fast delivery . excellent sandwiches . my go to when i get home late from work .
really nice theater and never really too packed . will be coming back soon and enjoy the movies
superior tex mex ! i love the cheese enchiladas . if you're in austin you must make a stop at chuy's .
good stuff . especially the appetizer chili chicken . chicken khadai also excellent . manchurian chicken not all that . service was exceptional .
cleared our storm drain in minutes with the hydro jet . these guys know their stuff .
this is still my thai food stop in all of austin . even better then tittyayas .
soooo well done . extensive menu , including taco salads and enchiladas .
order from here all the time , love the tostones and the acai bowls , highly recommended
very good sushi , warm service . like the other reviews , we were just about the only people there for dinner .
heaven in a donut . and they are coming to denver . just go . and their vegan donuts are amazing .
one of the first places i tried when i moved to austin . pancakes as big as your head !
great beers ! mostly ales and lighter beers verses ipas . they also have a chocolate menu and a nice patio
super delicious sunday fried chicken dinner the most friendly and attentive service i think i've ever had !
hands down . the best biscuits and gravy on the planet . friendly service , albeit a bit slow , but worth the wait .
i've never had a bad experience here and i have gone many many times ! their pho is wonderful !
the view . is phenomenal , the food was lovely , nice staff and overall my experience was wonderful .
i had the best experience here love there customer service ! i'm hoping to there soon again
enjoyed the food , drinks , and chatty customers . liked the tuna appetizer . great place
great casual atmosphere , we ordered munchies and drinks . don't miss the disco fries !
really really good crepes . coffee is ok . the avocado toast is just right . perfect spot for breakfast .
polite . knowledgeable . very reasonably priced . they saved my phone and i am grateful !
this is my favorite go to with girlfriends for migas . always great service , consistent and not too crowded .
unbelievable food . we have the waitress the keys to selecting our food . she nailed it .
a nice breakfast place . inexpensive and good . strong coffee and good biscuits . never been here after am .
ashley's hot class on thursday night is perfection . great for sometime who's not quite advanced but not a beginner either !
pleasantly surprised ! this place is great ! authentic , delicious food , accompanied by awesome atmosphere ! the brussel sprout appetizer was our favorite !
fantastic customer service from scott in helping me find the right shoes for my weird feet .
this is one of the best sushi places in burnaby . get the spicy tuna combo , you will not be sorry .
decent mexican restaurant in this area . everything it's delicious , especially their creamy jalapeno dip !
dinning experience is always great ! food is amazing but our server emma definitely made our experience ! thank you
they did the move well . just wasn't pleased with communication . i would recommend .
extremely friendly people , attentive service , very clean . food was great ! breakfast served all day .
excellent small bites izakaya . great service and vibe
my choice for sushi . lots of cooked sushi to pick from . they deliver and have an iphone app .
the mussels are great , cheap beer and they treat servicemen very well ! it's my own cheers lol .
everything i've had here has been great ! good service and a great front patio . good for breakfast and lunch !
clean atmosphere great customer service . best smoothie i've had in a long time ! crystal arianna are the best !
this restaurant is a wonderful treat authentic lebanese cuisine , everything delicious ! great service staff was attentive .
love this place . international food and wine festival every year in october . nuff said !
favorite taco place ever . habanero salsa is the best . i like the spanish omelete and their homemade tortillas are amazing !
a great sendoff meal from boston . bisque was excellent as was the crab cake with grilled scallops and shrimp .
the burger was good , juicy , yummy .
service , food , ambience , and service exceeded my expectations . i would go again in a heartbeat !
chile con queso , mango margarita , and chicken fajitas . super yummy . always a fun atmosphere .
the chicken with the barbecue sauce . so good . worth the wait especially with the popcorn they give you
amazing , friendly service ! my favorite aesthetician , kimmy , does a perfect job every time !
great service and only place i know of that does neck shaves ! hours and location couldn't be more perfect !
great service in and out using this location . i would definitely recommend taking your business to enterprise !
excellent service , atmosphere and coffee ! the pour over with fresh beans was great ! i'll be back often .
joe did a fantastic job . professional and pleasant to work with . highly recommend him !
this is my go to place for an afternoon meal . great family restaurant . food is always good .
sandwich are great . the pastries are super nice .
cashier was very friendly and welcoming ! can't wait to return very good menu selection with a vast drink variety
these people make some good booze . they are nice , they will remember your name , and make you great cocktails .
good times , chris really takes good care of us . good bar and good times !
excellent combo vegetarian plate ! good value and excellent quality and . a falafel while you wait !
overall the food is very good ! the grilled chicken is amazing but the steak is a bit cry !
awesome grilled fish collar . free hush puppies appetizers were great too . octopus appetizer was just okay .
gas prices always the best , and their soaps and sandwiches always taste so good worth the price
awesome food . very nice environment . restroom was very clean enough and lighted parking staff was very polite and kind
great food , atmosphere and friendly staff makes this a must stop in sanford . sanford is becoming quite the foodie town .
i've had three surgeries now at st pauls all unrelated . nothing but the best care .
this place is dynamite . the crudes are an inventive exploration of the potential of non japanese style raw fish . so good
very informative great first experience for the most part . will return again and update the post .
love this place . amazing vibe and every beer we had was great ! would totally recommend !
we love this place ! everything is so good , but we especially love the lobster tails and cannolis !
i got a very flavorful cubano sandwich from this pleasantly chaotic little establishment . super tasty combination of ingredients .
we are vegetarians . their vegetarian dishes are all delicious . the waitress is very friendly and helpful . highly recommend !
friendly staff , good beer selection , decent grub , good neighborhood dive feel to it . wifi works .
best brisket in town . if you're a local , go during winter for shorter lines
calamari was amazing . ambiance was perfect . good happy hour from . staff was super friendly .
great coffee . strong without being bitter and the owner and staff are great . oh , they have a goat there too .
no complaints . they did a fantastic job moving me to my new home . very efficient and friendly .
they have always been very thorough . they show up on time . customer service responds quickly . very happy with my service .
killer sausage benedict , great bloody mary this place rocks ! fun atmosphere , amazing food . go there !
solid pho , really good spring rolls , very friendly service . i will be coming back here often .
the pizza here is flavorful and delicious . yumm ! i'm so glad it's in my neighborhood .
great food and service . nice decor and ambiance . clean . went twice this week was very pleased .
very friendly and helpful staff . we came in just before closing but they didn't rush us . great prices too !
first time at this studio and it was amazing ! challenging and relaxing at the same time . amy was awesome !
oh my gosh ! their wings are amazing ! and get the iced coffee too !
this is our go to spot for takeout gyros in the tigard tualatin area . always fast and delicious
all my favorite stores in one place ! what could be better ?
love this place , they have gluten free options . have eaten here several times and have never gotten sick . super yummy
the cocktail drinks are always great here . highly recommend the deviled eggs and grilled cheese . they are delicious .
there's absolutely nothing i've ordered here that i didn't enjoy . nothing . bottomless mimosas and sangrias at brunch .
a fantastic local family run business with some incredible sushi , one of our favorite spots for sushi in north vancouver !
awesome gym ! you have to check this place out ! customer service at it's best !
love , love , love this place ! we had the sweetest waitress ever ellen . very good service and very good southern food .
ridiculously good vegan bacon cheese burgers the spider house next door has a btc ltc atm for crypto folks .
this is my favorite chinese restaurant ! the food is most like in china , the owners are nice , and they deliver !
outstanding traditional barber shop . mo really nice guy , fantastic cut at great price .
one of the best places in portland . food is amazing . service is excellent . fantastic atmosphere . our family's favorite !
great patio and atmosphere . food was very fresh and tasty . prices normal for the quality and atmosphere of place .
the hamburger is the juiciest in town . also love the fried chicken and chocolate cake . very reasonably priced . yum .
bruh ! i'm just going to be real like always lol . best damn icecream in atlanta . i just can't get enough .
best corned beef hash in the area . friendly staff , food is made fresh and family ran !
one of austin's true treasures . drop in any day and you're sure to be amazed .
kelly's is amazing ! lobster rolls are out of this world . clam chowder is amazing . the chicken fingers are so good !
great selection of local and regional beers on tap and they have a sampler platter my favorite !
nice atmosphere ! great place off the tourist track ! nice food , a different kind of taste , reasonable price !
great service my years old son was very confortable and happy i really recommend this place
adam and kelly are fantastic ! very professional and knowledgeable ! i would highly recommend body of work wellness .
dependable take out ! good ingredients , fresh veggies , nice flavors . very nice service too . generous portions , we always have leftovers .
on time , actually early , for early morning flight . very pleasant and polite , as well . highly recommend .
this has a welcoming atmosphere , a great location , comfortable dining room , good food for a very reasonable price .
order the wedge salad . i dream about it .
chicky pot pie ! it's time to devour this bad boy . i have not had bos market in over years .
great puertorican food price is good lots of different foods to choose from and they even have pastries highly recommend
amazing service and fish and chips ! who would have thunk in this little spot ! yummmmmm
kim does great taking care of our group each week . she is awesome ! the food is great too !
good food , service slows up as the night goes on , try the calamari
you haven't had a bbq carnitas sandwich if you haven't had valentina's . life changing . i crave it constantly
food was amazing ! our group had the lobster bisque , clam chowder , lobster , pasta , salad , dips , everything was perfect !
bloody amazing tacos . will go back . repeatedly !
photos don't dont do it justice ! great pizza although service was meh ! got my pizza quick though
love this pizza place ! great customer service . always have fresh pizza ready to eat ! best pizza in revere .
very friendly staff , blue cheese blt burger was very good . cheesecake heaven !
great . brunch spot . came here on our departure morning after a mini vacation . amazing food . will definitely be back .
great brunch menu , small selections but great flavour and just the right amount of food
damn good bbq and great atmosphere , it doesn't get much better than this . great example of texas chopped beef sandwiches .
i stayed in the former owner's suite and boy was it sweet . try and get it if you can !
best coffee ever ! the inside was so beautiful , it reminded me of paris ! i absolutely recommend this place !
always great food . mediocre service . if you don't want people to come into your bar , why are you open ?
cute store with fun stuff . cards , jewelry , sunglasses , books , clothes . enjoyed the friendly employees .
excellent food and service . clean and kind . the lobster soup will make you say wow . i am going back today !
go see ashley ! she's very friendly and helpful and the burgers and shakes aka frappes are fantastic !
great place for indian groceries and produce ! good customer service . very eager to help when u cannot find something .
great coffee . great atmosphere . clean and friendly . our go to for local coffee .
finally found my local coffee shop ! suggested prices , friendly staff and people , and great tasting coffee !
nice and easy if you like quiet and local . it's a perfect brunch place !
this location is just fabulous . everyone is professional from the manager to the staff . all good indeed !
i bought a mango cake for someone's birthday . it was delicious .
great for takeout they are very prompt and accommodating great place to go food is great
excellent food somewhat pricey . try the po' boy with french baguette instead of hoagie .
very knowledgeable staff . members are very energetic and noticeably have a strong love for fitness
delicious food and great lunch specials . the service was very friendly and welcoming . so glad i discovered this place .
excellent sandwiches at cheap prices . the ed jr . is my current favorite sandwich .
food is always on point . they serve the best aukra salmon i have every tasted . especially in their brunch salad .
great subs and baked goods . try the cherry babka !
best subs in eastie , definitely a hidden gem in the area .
spencer was great ! excellent service and workmanship . price was reasonable . i highly recommend and will definitely use them again .
just soso ! they have the basics . little deli , wine and basic needs nothing fancy or in depth .
great food and awesome service from samantha at the bar ! turkey burger with the original seasoning is amazing .
always enjoy the food and the family that runs the place . the seafood fradiavolo was sensational .
usual excellence maintained during these strange days . fantastically well organized contactless curbside pick up . super choice all around .
aesthetically its very nice , parking is decent . within a shopping center that is surrounded by pretty good restaurants .
short wait , amazing service and the donuts were delish . it's a must go if you ever get the chance to .
it was fantastic . sky was an awesome waiter and the dish was wonderful . atmosphere is very comfortable . loved it .
friendly , prices reasonable , funky beer garden . best ginger flan ever !
great service friendly staff and clean place jejejjeje kids c cjdjjejejjdjdjd djjxjxjdjd d jdjxjdjjdjjxicjjdjd djdjdjd
great selection of reasonably priced books and a great foreign language reference section .
my son loves this place ! and so do i ! their menu has great options and the staff is super friendly .
best hot dogs in austin ! the burrito and carne asada fries are the best . sulma and mike are so friendly !
this is my new favorite brunch place ! great food and friendly staff . i will definitely be back soon
food is amazing ! crazy for a bar ! just ordered takeout and paul was great . thank you !
so stoked this place opened again . it was my favorite in ne and definitely worth the drive for me now .
great place . wonderful pho . love their spring rolls , especially . the best pho in downtown orlando , and i've tried them all
the boneless garlic tenders are excellent and love the ss bar style pizza i get the bacon . delish !
so good . fresh juices , excellent drinks both alcoholic and nonalcoholic , delicious food , and nice atmosphere
hobo special five stars i love this place so much haaaa
cheap , fast and good . if only our kids liked mexican food !
best in town . def an upgrade from previous management . and the service is genuine and welcoming !
very busy place to eat dinner but good food . had to share a table with some other couple .
big portion , lemongrass grilled pork just ok compared to others . crepe is good . services is very nice , good vietnamese restaurant .
this place is great . love the s music and videos . everyone is friendly .
best oysters i have ever had ! if you want cheap , and fresh oysters , go to hennessy's ! great staff and service !
the best pizza in columbus i eat it way to much the subs are top notch to . best place ever
delightfully interactive tea exploring experience . friendly staff , and , if you're hungry , do not miss the delightful savory pies .
thanks for the great food guys ! good luck sincerely , calzone with just mozzarella and pepperoni
had an excellent flat white and the cinnamon bun omg ! great space to relax and have a coffee .
loved the shrimp and grits and our server tenise cabiness is just the most personable and sweet person !
great atmosphere polite staff tasty food lots of healthy food choices worth the trip
been coming here for years ! best nail salon in ss !
they have the best patty melt and grilled chicken sandwich . music in the garden .
first time here and the food was great . did a very great job of social distancing customers
super yummy ! highly recommend the food and desserts ! really nice location too , decor is pretty .
super fresh sushi . attentive service . would go again and would recommend . all the rolls were perfect . great experience
excellent food , attentive service , easy to get to and park nearby . overall , an excellent choice for brunch , lunch or dinner .
best belgian waffle in boston so far ! i had nutella and strawberries and it was amazing !
angie is great ! it's the best mani and pedi i've ever had ! definitely my new go to spot .
best teriyaki spot in town ! the food is delicious , the portions are huge , and the service is always awesome .
service is good , drinks were drinks , but a nice view . all in all good afternoon
this is one of florida hidden gems ! staff amazing . country fried steak skillet . best thing i've ever had !
taylor at the bar downstairs was amazing ! great recommendations and excellent service !
go here . nice service , low key , good beer , great atmosphere . good place to catch a game . ill be coming back .
alcohol . food . coffee . brunch . hardware store . not necessarily in that order . inman square has everything you need .
excellent service , food is very good . chicken was good but could be seasoned better .
my husband and i had a couples massage atmosphere and service was excellent . we felt tension free afterwards .
cool , divey chic joint in the heart of all the action in downtown .
love this place for late night food . it is a pretty good option , affordable , fast , tasty
yummy fries and hamburgers quick and hot . made fresh . i enjoyed having grilled onions and grilled mushrooms on my patty !
great service as always ! this is by far my favorite skyline ! every one is so nice and accommodating !
surprised at the negative reviews , though i've never used their delivery . good , affordable sushi , nice people behind the counter .
cool shop no attitude super friendly and helpful plus happy hour discount . boom , will return soon !
cristy is awesome ! great prices and great service ! the environment is clean and enjoyable . definitely would recommend !
don't wait . pre order some brisket and take it home . because omnomnom amazing . best . brisket . ever . ribs ain't shirkin' neither .
this is my go to place for bike parts . great selection and fast delivery . can't recommend them enough .
the service it's amazing ! great food great bar drinks , they have mariachi on fridays definitely i'll be back
amazing . simply amazing . check out the owner chefs other place in nsb too , third wave . great environment and eats .
great food , great service . super clean and the food is always delicious . try an italian sub or steak and cheese !
excellent service ! wonderful workers ! a wide variety of toppings to add to your bowl and overall delicious !
loved this place . very spacious , sweet atmosphere and the food was awesome . highly recommend for brunch time !
this place is fantastic . the ramen is delicious and the bartenders are so fast , helpful and friendly .
minutes for takeout you can't beat it , yum yum sauce is lit . best asian food on for sure
good breakfast . decent coffee . lot's of organic food . good for kids . will definitely be back . nice outside section too .
pork nachos stars ! music selection stars ! outside seating section stars !
wow . amazing location , amazing service . love the refills option . the high chairs are my fave .
drinks and atmosphere brought me in . good food and small plates of pasta for bring me back .
when i die , i want my soul to come to horse brass . end of line .
beautiful place . as a kid , this was how i had always envisioned hogwarts to look like
loved it . especially the esspresso bbq sauce .
the best art gallery in the city . the staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable . the art is fantastic .
i loved this place . great food fast . try the jerk chicken
we stopped in because our hotel was around the corner . the omelettes are delightful ! great way to start the day .
i always have the most pleasant experience at this store . they are so friendly and helpful
this was so awesome such a great experience taking the helijet to vancouver . i would recommend to everyone !
check out vinyl . nuff said
delicious vegetarian potstickers and yakisoba . spicy mayo is perfect too on anything .
ok here not not as good as the dfw location still decent staff was nice and breakfast was good .
a handful of incredible versions of the chicken sandwich and a few sides . the best around .
great spot ! reasonable prices and excellent food delivered in a cozy , family style atmosphere . menu is sure to please everyone !
i am never disappointed at mistral . great service . great food . the halibut is amazing . still one of my faves .
they are friendly , know what they are doing , and reasonably priced . definitely gonna use them again !
we love the noodles ! the dumplings are delicious . great food . limited seating but worth the wait .
good food , nice hot sauce , strange ambiance . better to go .
cent wings from to pm everyday ! all flavors are delicious !
excellent food , i had the salmon and green beans . the service was good too . nice date nite !
love the gluten free fries and lettuce wrapped burgers . the kids love the soda mixer and exploring different combos .
cheap booze and quick service . plus a customer friendly layout . not bad .
longtime best favorite flafel in the dang city . good peeps l l
excellent lobster dinner . our server samantha was wonderful . we'll be back , when vacation brings us back to disney .
great beer selection , friendly and knowledgeable staff , but if you're looking for a full liquor bar , you're out of luck .
seriously the best ice cream everrrrrrr ! i love it all ! the customer service is always amazing .
wonderful service the food is soo good evrything was so yummy . will be coming back for sure
over the top ! delicious , fresh produce . beautiful cheese selection and other specialty items .
when you check in with yelp you get off your meal . they have lunch specials which is pretty good .
professional staff and accommodating to residents needs .
good sandwiches at reasonable prices , free wifi and good location . a little noisy and smelly inside but otherwise perfect .
patrick is great . he made my mower purr like a kitten once again . i highly recommend his work .
yum ! great smoothies that are so worth the price . i also recommend their veggie burger , potatoes and zaatar bowl .
steak cheese with mushrooms hot sub was so good and flavors were well balanced and bun was soft
always a win . never have i had a bad experience here . friendly staff . great food for inexpensive price .
relaxed , friendly , skilled , reasonably priced . i just had a hair cut . next time i'm in columbus i'll add a shave .
just ate a fried egg roll and it was glorious
good food and decent cocktails . kinda crowded by the super busy pool tables but otherwise good experience .
great sandwiches ! tons of options ! really good moz and tom sandwich . eveything is fresh and tasty .
wow ! these desserts are almost too pretty to eat . they're also not cheap but seriously delicious so treat yourself !
definitely a five star restaurant . friendly , clean , quick , affordable and delicious . what more can you ask for ?
huge pizza wonderful flavors ! we will definitely make this a regular for our orlando trips
excellent ramen . get the red and black oil . will need to go back to try the rest of the menu .
i loved my sandwich . not always willing to wait in line at this popular food truck but many people do !
genuinely good honest people . super efficient inspections without any frills or annoying up sell !
excellent , authentic vietnamese food in a hip , clean , spacious environment and very welcoming , high quality service . highly recommend this restaurant !
most amazing pizza i've ever eaten . the atmosphere is great and our server jade was phenomenal . love her !
my dogs love puptown ! they are so accommodating and they love the animals .
just got glasses for me and my hub . great service , good glasses choices .
this place is clean , friendly and informative staff . if you forget something from home it is so convenient to shopping .
this food is delicious ! straight up amazing ! everything i ordered came quickly , steaming and fantastic !
the folks here did my repair quickly , courteously and competently . i would highly recommend them . their rates are very fair .
delicious hummus , huge portions on the plates , very reasonable prices . cant wait to go back to try more dishes !
jojo enthusiastically reached through my mouth hole and touched my heart consentually ofc . i loved every moment .
friendly folks and a super fast oil change . i've found a new mechanic .
excellent service ! very satisfied with host , waitress and food . the customer service is exceptional coming back for sure
wow . authentic cajun po'boy . excellent customer service . great sweet tea . loved it ! will definitely be back !
delicious . closest thing to hawaii shave ice in orlando area . we went back twice in days !
no complaints , sushi is good very quick service employees are supper chill and super nice
really good . surprised to find good sushi in atlanta . love poke bowls my new favorite lunch
pricey . slow but friendly lunchtime service . tasty food . great location . bad washrooms .
basically the place to go for old fashioned , friendly service and good gas .
the legends are true this is far and away the best ice cream ever created by humankind .
great place to stay . fun atmosphere and great service will stay there again !
great finds , friendly staff , and all proceeds go to local hiv hospice care . great cause so , check them out !
great selection on various items excellent prices . staff was very knowledgeable about items sold . very friendly and welcoming staff . definitely recommend
love this place ! the owner goes out of his way to chat and even remembers your name . great beer
love this place ! food is fantastic , customer service is great ! the owner is very nice
this place rocks , great food , nice people , really good prices ! i usually get tots and chicharron in my burrito
delicious ! great for non vegans too ! love the chicken gyro , sausage rolls , bruschetta and everything else haha
absolutely the best avocado toast i've ever eat ! also the cappuccino was good , and the place is wonderful .
excellent coffee selection . you go right where is roasted ! vienna roast i highly recommend
this is the best place for eat mexican food , the margarita are super mice , the attention is very good
a fun place to eat . new concept in ordering pizza's
ordered the skillet with all veggies , bacon , sausage , cheese eggs . came with a biscuit . was delicious !
great place ! huge selection of food carts and nice lay out .
great place to run in and get some cheap food . try the different specials ! live a little !
we liked the food a lot . we ordered roasted chicken , the beef empanada , the shrimp chowder . the service is good .
great happy hour and awesome food all around ! brunch for bloody marys ! or steak au poive ! you can't go wrong !
love this place ! a little hole in the wall has the most amazing smoothies ! also super close to centennial park .
surprisingly solid pizza . wouldn't go out of the way but very respectable . service isn't great . dough itself is average .
aperol spritz and spaghetti bolognese are the absolute best ever . good afternoon happy hour as well !
succch good pizza . staff is super friendly and the space has a nice , warm feel and vibe .
amazing fajitas . the blood orange margaritas are so good .
everything was awesome , the food and the service ! i would eat here every morning if i didn't work mornings !
i visit this bakery on lamar often . there products are always very good . the staff is welcoming and friendly .
very clean and comfortable salon ! quick service and fair prices . my daughter and i enjoy coming here
wonderful hotel will stay here again . best customer service . amazing dining . great indoor pool and sauna
it's all about the coffee here . lovely outdoor seating surrounded by trees and friendly staff . good for kids .
moist and flavorful . cutest shop . presentation is everything . enjoyed the cupcakes with fair pricing .
best iraqi food in all of oregon ! tastes just like back home , and the owners are so nice !
went there once again . this time for their macaroons . better than any macaroons in the neighborhood . dense and divine !
great service with very affordable pricing ! would definitely recommend for anyone who's is trying to move .
fantastic food , reasonable prices , and a great cozy date atmosphere .
decor is very elegant . staff is very helpful , biryani very tasty and attractively displayed . great place to bring guests .
service was good , love the bonsai sand which .
great cuban flavors , super service . min . wait on food . nice portions . doggie bags all around
delicious food . we love back east . the perfect stop when you don't know what to cook for dinner .
can't go wrong with good sushi and genki does it right
not nyc quality , but very good and consistent for suburban boston .
had the rodizio . excellent . great service .
hearty breakfast . they can make everything vegan and vegetarian . nice and friendly staff .
great little hidden gem on the south side . good collection of craft beers . standard fare , served well . make reservations !
best breakfast spot around waltham . carmel crunch french toast totally rocks !
i crave this place . from the juice and smoothies to the bowls and staff , tops .
so so yummy ! they have a good lunch combo and i definitely recommend the spicy eggplant .
during our week in mount dora , we came here for breakfast every day ! their coffees are wonderful !
solid all around . great experience and food is always consistent . my favorite is the shao long bao .
get on the train or get off the tracks because this place is coming at you full speed with satisfaction .
had a great experience and had an amazing cut by roman ynguanzo . definitely recommend this place . spendy but worth it !
good service and jackson always suggests only what is needed for my vehicle . little pricy but gives piece of mind .
have been a loyal guest through three locations . very good food and service . homemade tortillas .
no thanks , staff was not friendly and the food we ordered was blah . blueberry lemonade and pilsner were great !
i have never been disappointed with bones . great service and great food love the dry aged rib eye .
this is our neighborhood favorite coffee shop ! absolutely amazing baked goods , breakfast , and lunch items as well . super friendly staff .
i like kung fu buffet very much . chinese food is very delicious but have only few kind of food
yeah ! we were in town from vegas and came twice ! love the hummus and tapanade app . great sammies too !
only place i know of in the denver boulder area to get boba !
great service , good prices , really nice pedicurists .
went on late afternoon sunday for the first time . wonderful buffet , delicious food and the nicest staff ! will definitely return .
from ny to boston ? ! cant beat it . yes , people talk loudly on their cell phones , etc . but ?
amazing service , amazing work . i highly recommend this place . best shoe repair around .
one more review to agree that this is the very best pizza in town .
mario always makes our pups look so cute . our little puppy pippa loves him . she looks perfect
delicious food served quickly , no fast food . taste was really good and the staff pretty friendly .
quite good but quote expensive . just be prepared .
they did an excellent mani pedi and take exceptional covid precautions . would definitely return .
i'd give you a if you didn't give free coffee to those angry , trashy pats fans . go eagles !
they serve fine fresh food . it's oyster tuesday . yea
the beers are flavorful and delicious and the staff are always pleasant and helpful . the food truck is also great !
we had a wonderful sunday breakfast here with our toddler . great service and food . will be back soon ! thank you !
very good service . employees work hard to serve your needs . planning on coming back again .
both the food and service were great at this restaurant . authentic thai , reasonably priced , great atmosphere .
great food ! don't park on the street though , got a ticket .
delicious food , excellent vegetarian options , super friendly staff ! we love this place and will be back !
i always go to this restaurant . they have amazing food , especially their spring rolls .
great cappuccino and well trained baristas . average food and pastries but highly recommended .
killer service killer quality a must for any ice cream aficionado . i will definitely return
great , quick , and low cost meal ! enjoy all the different varieties of tacos and the friendly price . clean , quick , great tasting experience !
amazing massage from victoria ! i was in desperate need .
loved the cool dining area after a day of walking around on the hot sun . food was good .
best burger in boston ! the bacon shack burger has just the right amount of spice , grease and bacon .
i have visited times . bella has done an excellent job every time on my mani pedi . highly recommend her !
great food with a beautiful presentation . looks too good to eat and tastes better than it looks .
excellent views of the city from rooftop of hotel yotel . interesting cocktail list to . inviting waitstaff .
excellent food , the halibut is best in boston . great service . place is immaculate . highly recommended .
the place rocks for good cheap italian . try the calamari !
love this place ! i used the food for all app and got a meal for half off ! was great !
i love brewed . great coffee and great food . the owners are super awesome
soooooo delicious . everything was fresh and flavourful . this is my new go to sushi place for sure !
good value , nice service , fast and fresh . not my favorite pizza , but nothing wrong with it .
great service , medium to low heat but juicy chicken . sides well portioned , fresh and tasty . cool joint .
excellent service , matched by equally great food in a nice family environment ! kudos to the management and staff !
hidden , dark , jazzy and intimate bar . got my tarot read while enjoying the indian paintbrush and earl gray scotch
we eat here once a week , excellent food and obviously family run . thai doughnuts to die for .
summary good food , good drinks , good service . their steak frites uses freakin' ribeye , woohoo !
fabulous atmosphere , fabulous food . a must if you want real southern bbq . don't forget about their incredible home made desserts !
great catering company love the organic options .
great gym with knowledgeable staff . it's a place for those looking for a serious gym .
this has become our weekly breakfast spot . amazing food and service . i recommend the pumpkin pancakes with whipped cream !
such a great time ! the show was awesome . lots of laughs . great for families , couples and groups .
came here with a friend who never had tex mex . food was good , ambience was causal and fun .
great food . great service ! lobster bisque without cream was amazing . yummmmm ! we will definitely be back !
this place hooks it up with portions . they're super speedy with delivery and always reliable for getting it r
the most wonderful carbonara i've had . i also liked their antipasti .
yum . just yum . lots of seating . the sweet tea is amazing .
awesome ! i had great service here and the food was amazing . i love the chocolate cheesecake milkshake .
eat the entire menu . food perfectly executed , service friendly and professional . my favorite restaurant ever .
my favorite halal spot in orlando for sureeeee ! from the burgers to the wings , everything tastes amazing !
bartender tl was helpful with tasting and selecting the perfect german beer ! tolle zeit !
best lunch of my life , no joke . stars .
curra's is a great place for cheap vegetarian tacos and delicious coffee ! one more reason to miss mornings in austin !
great for kids . nice flavors . food truck vibes . great latenight stroll . good ice cream .
best salads . also good amount of drink and food . and peter is awesome .
always great service and a good morning environment . food tastes amazing and the portions are unbelievable !
awesome place loved the the new decor and the layout of the space the drinks and the popcorn was amazing
quick service . gave me free corn tortillas with my burrito bowl all you have to do is ask ! . good value .
best car wash you can buy . my car looks great . wonderful service and attention . i will be back !
slightly more expensive than your average local nail place . however the ambiance , service color selection makes it worthwhile .
have the best brownies and lemonade seating indoors and outdoors takes orders pretty quickly nice place
great food and an excellent atmosphere . love sitting in the back patio . wonderful selection of drinks with knowledgeable staff .
reba has a fantastic selection and goes the extra mile to make everything go smoothly ! highly recommend !
the food is amazing , nice environment but the service took so long . overall we go back here !
great food , great server . food came fast ! good work . place was clean and several tv's .
yum yum yum ! delicious steak salad and phase thai . busy at noon on sunday but friendly staff .
excellent customer service from both the richmond and vancouver store . price match and price protection are great .
i went to this restaurant for a couple times still taste really good
great beer . great food , great location . star for the tiny , crowded tables the bar area
friendly , quick service . great food ! even better prices ! i will definitely return and try different items !
great fast service , jay , david and eric all very professional and care about you ! definitely would recommend to everyone .
legit place . good food . unique and hip environment . gotta come here anytime i visit bc .
amazing seasonal beverages , delicious food , and great service . good place to come in the summer .
delicious onigiri , noodles chawman ! , and great service . a little place of tranquility in busy downtown boulder
love this place ! great service and food as usual even during covid . dog friendly . funky feel .
they have damn near everything ! awesome customer service . friendly employees . great prices . owners are super nice .
cute sports bar . we shared chicken nachos and potato soup .
the guys here have taken care of my family and our cars for years and do great work .
we had brunch and it was amazing ! eggs benedict was delish and mango belinis were so tasty .
papa john's pizza in brighton is the best pizza around . excellent flavor and great customer service . i highly recommend it .
very clean and orderly . staff is wonderful . always smiling , courteous , knowledgeable and appear to truly enjoy their work .
great breakfast with super nice people . great views from the patio . highly recommended .
i love spud brothers , get the traditional w salsa and cilantro ! so yummy !
friendly staff , tons of beers , delicious food . i really enjoyed the entire experience .
never had a bad meal here . i highly recommend the singapore noodles . doesn't disappoint
the food here is soooooo amazing ! such a great experience ! try the quesadillas ! tried like different types of plates !
way underrated . this hellagood greasy spoon is a well kept secret of itp breakfasters . it's unmistakably atlanta and irresistibly delicious .
amazing chicken ! its the closest thing to the amazing peruvian restaurant i used to frequent in miami .
it's pretty much fast food . but it's actually really good . ordered steak tacos and they didn't disappoint
very friendly and professional barber shop . will definitely come back and see brian again for a haircut .
small family diner feel . fresh ingredients and friendly service . go . yum . the beef was soooo tasty .
their location , service , and food are stars . nice wine list and i'm not sure if they had a bar .
love this place ! always new fun vegan products check their insta !
marisol was the most helpful and non overbearing express employee i've ever dealt with .
yummy rolls , fresh sashimi , and great service . i am a fan of the spicy zen zen roll .
a whole suitcase full of laundry . in an out in an hour . and a nice chai latte in the meantime .
i've been here twice and both times the food has been absolutely delicious ! i highly recommend the stuffed chicken breast
great service ! received an amazing deluxe pedicure with a fabulous foot massage ! highly recommend !
awesome food . igloo is good for party more than ! best in night times . you can feel rooftop experience
i love this place it's the greatest for drink specials mond friday ! also in love with the watermelon marg's
best burgers , fish , prime rib anywhere ! great selection on tap . can't beat a family run business .
hands down the best gelato ice cream in the lowermainland . a must for foodies and ice cream cravers
pamela has been very responsive to my concerns and expedited my requests . great job !
the perfect cure for anxiety and stress . a beautiful location and an incredible massage . highly recommend !
amazing food . rigatoni , ravioli were delicious . great atmosphere .
place great location great stuff great comparative prices very pleased . phone gonna die .
michael did some shelf work for me and they look great . will definitely be keeping him . in mind for future projects
bang for your buck quality . service ambiance location overall .
quality donuts and amazing different and creative flavors . hands down best donut i've ever had .
excellent coffee and milk tea . they also bake a variety of wonderful pastries on site . pristine cleanliness !
the food was very tasty . the service . not so tasty . wife and i would come back for sure . yum .
my favorite place in portland , in house hand made pasta . i have never had anything other than amazing food here .
this place is fantastic ! the chicken torta and the fish tacos were my favorite . service was quick and friendly .
i've now bought my second car here another subaru , and again from lynn . again , it was a great experience .
great and delicious ! great atmosphere ! very well attended and great music . highly recommended
fantastic ! in town for business and planning to go back for lunch tomorrow , excellence !
just moved to the area and love this place . great sushi , friendly staff , and a great variety of rolls .
highly recommend the traditional press for any bacon lovers out there , canadian bacon , regular bacon , egg , and cheese !
my yard looks perfect and the service is very quiet no loud leaf blowers .
great change of pace for breakfast i will take mimi's over waffle house any day of the week .
easy to schedule . reasonable rates . nice office . convenient location with off street parking . and . good treatment , consistently applied by all doctors .
fabulous food , great wine selection , and friendly , attentive wait staff . what's not to like ?
it's fast food , cheap , good and the place is huge .
really ? if you don't know that this is the greatest bookstore west of the mississippi , it's because you don't read .
exceptional service and great fried chicken . a new home away from home ! thank you ! desert was crazy good .
fantastic prototype ! long overdue . local real food options should exist in every airport . more please !
i loved visiting this store in portland ! they have so many unique crafts for adults and kids .
great group of guys ! covid compliant . scheduling was great and the job was done smoothly . highly recommended !
this is a fantastic place for breakfast . very friendly staff , a mixed crowd , and good food . it is a gem .
got take out from here a couple times , very tasty and huge portions ! good italian food
fantastic ! delicious burgers . highly recommended . close to hotels so an easy walk for many travelers .
wonderful tour . money well spent . we saw so much of boston that we wouldn't have seen on our own .
yes jolt ! best coffee soda and the cutest little drive thru ! thank you for making exactly what i love
i've brought my vehicles here over the years and have always received quick professional service .
very professional job . they arrived at the time they said they would . did an excellent job and very responsible rates
had the blue lookin coffee pretty unique taste i liked it ! tumeric coffee . little peculiar but still cool colors
great place , if i ever come back to austin i will eat here again .
great outdoor theme and atmosphere !
love the pad thai i can find no better at least around this part of the country . delicious !
yum ! love this place . i have eaten in and taken out and never been disappointed ! love the boss naan !
picked up our christmas tree . very fresh tree , process was easy and smooth . great value for the money .
love the coffee , and the service . great place to hang out and close to walter the tailor , too .
comfortable and easy place to spend time , and the coffee is a nice buzz . under the influence now ! yow !
fantastic service . small town feel . plus blue bell products i will definitely be a regular
awesome sammich ! enjoyed the it's what's for dinna . delicious ! sampled the corn chowder and it too was delicious !
awesome , fast and always gets my order right . happy hour is the best invention ever .
i try sushi lots places it's sushi store really surprised me very quality fish nice design
excellent breakfast and atmosphere . if you like eggs , this is the place . the mimosas are good too .
great service sonal did a great job made me feel like i didn't need tint for once ! highly recommend !
amazing . so helpful . would definitely stop by awesome selection and great service adub approves
had an incredible lunch this afternoon ! love everything about this place ! we will definitely be back !
randomly found this place on my way to hotel the food was absolutely delicious . service was excellent .
small place but rolls here are really well done and fish is fresh . get the kamikaze roll , my favorite here !
favorite bar in east atx . great infused cocktails . loved the habanero infused mescal .
phenomenal sushi and amazing chinese food . super strong cocktails . hihly recommended
just had the cheeseburger wrap from the lunch special . dee lish !
love the bar area for wine and appetizers . great pizzas and pasta dishes . very good service along with excellent food .
the team was on time and very careful with my furniture . nothing damaged . i used this company twice .
umm . yum ! delicious huevos rancheros , amazing salsa , great price . this place is a gem and nothing short of stars .
always reliable , answers the phone , fast delivery . expensive but what you'd expect for an after hours . i would highly recommend .
some very authentic style food , quite setting ing indoors , very misleading hiding between a a liquor store !
limited seating , but very polite service . food portion is fairly small
creative choices for milkshakes desserts . the seating is reason for stars , def needs more to accommodate everyone .
the food was so good and reasonable priced . staff was friendly and attentive . would definitely eat here again
we had lasagna last night at pasta pronto . excellent ! we will be going back .
best mac and cheese with brisket ever ! plus she's such a sweetheart . uber eats needs to get on this asap !
nice place . great family business . lots to do . support your local farms ! great donuts . great goat hotel . lots of parking .
authentic colombian breakfast and yummy bakery pastries . excellent service and easy access .
incredible desserts ! no complaints . the carrot cake is my favorite ! the patio seating is gorgeous in the spring summer time .
great breakfast run by great people . really nice feel and customer focused while still delivering top notch food .
always great service . we have been taking the pups here for a year now and plan on continuing !
a regular stop before work . kind staff and great coffee umbria .
pimento cheese ! best breakfast i might have ever had . don't miss the cinnamon french toast either .
healthy . outside seating . eggs rancheros with style . 'tween skyscrapers and city sounds . enjoy .
my husband and i quickly grew an obsession with their pork bowls . it's turned into a fantastic problem . definitely recommend !
the best food for a quick eat . its amazing quality , comes hot , and always hits the spot . kudos !
fantastic almond macaroons and refreshing iced tea after day at arnold arboretum . a tad bit pricey .
casual , delicious and unique asian fare at its best ! reasonable , too ! service is exceptionally friendly and professional .
best bbq i've had in the northwest ! friendly service , clean spot and ridiculously good grub !
i want to make leg and arm warmers for this store ! they are so cool !
staff here has always been friendly and attentive . they serve great breakfast and a killer cup if coffee .
by far , the best thai restaurant i've been to . great place , good food ! highly recommended .
been coming here for years i think there the best steakhouse in boston
jimmy is a great guy . come here to get your car serviced . he is thorough , honest and helpful .
pumped to have mccray's back in the neighborhood . great environment , food , and choices at the bar !
good gyros and fresh hummus . service was cheerful and prompt . definitely a great spot for lunch !
i love shopping here , they have a great selection and location . my number one stop for that special project !
outstanding pizza ! great thin crust , very fresh and tasty ingredients . if you're around newton , you have to try this place .
excellent service and great food ! we had a great time for our gno ! recommend the lamb , octopus , and empanadas .
one of the best thai restaurants i know about , and this place is hidden in downtown winter garden .
great times and great venue ! had beers with friends and really enjoyed the space and cheap drinks . go billy !
the staff here is incredibly nice ! and the prices are amazing . thanks for all you do .
ordered the lamb biryani and chicken momos and everything was fantastic . highly recommend checking this place out
great studio offering many various classes . yoga , barre , pilates , etc . great instructors pros . reasonable for the level of instruction .
everything is delicious at flower child ! i can't recommend it highly enough .
they have the best breakfast , the staff is awesome , very friendly . we visit there at least times a month .
great spot for dinner ! kids love the mac n cheese ! and great beer menu for parents to enjoy !
here for the queso fries again heh . but yo , they have raspberry unsweetened tea ! sooo good .
incredible taste and good collection of flavors .
greatest gratitude and service . can't wait to come back to try the signature ramen . hope the line won't be long
enormous home depot aren't they all ? ! the customer service here is top notch .
always a good meal here , this and the altamonte location have great service and good food .
my turkey burger was deliciously moist and very tasty ! and the fries weren't bad either
perfect place . had the french press . i get to columbus often and will become a regular when i'm in town !
best latte in portland . very well informed about current roasts offered .
cute place , though difficult to see much brazillian influence . basically a straightforward and relatively healthy if not super delicious cafe .
thanks to ashley for being a great bartender and caring employee . love to visit when she's working
major quality ! they are the definition of good service and a great time cant wait to come back
delicous and lovely . very good . pricey but worth it .
carey is the best ! love this location love the beds wouldn't go anywhere else and highly recommend the pros here !
food here is excellent . portions are big . service was good and everyone friendly . a little pricey for breakfast .
i've been coming here for about years now . it's close to home and the staff are beyond helpful .
bought my subaru in again for maintenance , tire rotation and could not be more pleased with experience !
plane delayed . this was suggested and the food and service is excellent . steak and sushi .
delicious ! queso fundido was amazing . carne asada was delicious . it's now a must for every disney trip !
amazing . highly recommended . had the wrangler breakfast taco . perfection ! make sure to stop in if you are in austin .
the best food in this genre . great staff and fun atmosphere . family in back , funky upfront .
get the shrimp skewers ! great pulled noodles with the red chili oil . super accommodating .
this place is awesome ! no words to describe customer service and their product ! plus they carry jeffrey campbell !
amazing food ! definitely ask for what is most popular and you will not be disappointed !
amazing . one of the best barbecues in texas . brisket was out if this world . go family style .
absolutely the best adult donuts in the country ! and i'm a health nut this place is my weakness !
our standard go to asian restaurant . good food . reliable . attentive service . excellent value .
tracey and vu were fantastic . i had a mani pedi and it was great . highly recommend it .
roast beef way is the way to go . roast beef slices were thin and tender . buns had the perfect crisp .
good ice cream choices and a lot of other things in their menu to choose from nachos , sandwiches , etc . .
muy buena comida , exente precio muy buen servicio , las meseras muy amables me gusto mucho
this is one of the best ramen joints in the city . can't go wrong here .
amazing gluten free pancakes , worth the wait ! super friendly staff always checking up on us
lomo saldato was very good ! definitely coming back to try more ! great service , nice ambiance and complimentary cancha !
probably my favorite cafe at this point . and it's hours a day . single sourced beans are on offer .
fantastic steak and exceptional service . on the list every time i'm in the orlando area .
old school american burger place , love it . best quality , best prices and ambiance full of memories of old america .
this starbucks has the best service around ! the manager is very friendly and prepares drinks as fast as lightning ! .
solid taste very much in the ny style . also , didn't mess up my stomach afterwards , so it's two for two .
really good food . similar experience to fogo de chao , but not as expensive . i would go back for sure .
great food with vegan options . affordable , especially on tu and th specials . fast , friendly service . clean .
what an amazing place great food , always fresh beer that is brewed on premises . need i say more ?
delicious thin crust and good veggie options .
gorgeous spa ! the staff is friendly and very professional had a pedicure and my feet feel great !
this place is so cool , yummy , relaxing and hip . love it ! even the bathroom has a great vibe ! ha .
love the pizza here and it's in a great neighborhood . closed way earlier than said on yelp .
phenomenal volunteer program ! helpingpeoplehelppets apa ! kittens puppies animalrescue
the spicy creamy vegan ramen is the bomb ! awesome place , worth the drive from midtown on the weekend !
fantastic food . authentic mexican restaurant with first class , friendly service and great atmosphere !
the experience was perfect , the hot tub before hand made the wonderful massage even more relaxing !
good food and lovely service . micheladas and the salsa are an unsung gem . in addition , the nachos are fantastic
the cupcakes , specifically the strawberry shortcake cupcake was effin delicious . the end .
the nepali items on the menu are yummy . that is this place's niche .
i love the quality , selection and service ! lucky's my new go to for produce and meats .
it's like stepping into the books . we've visited several time and i'm still blown away . can't wait to visit again .
absolutely delicious , automatic stars , the fish is fresh and the rolls are perfect extremely impressed definitely coming back !
so much unique stuff . fairly priced . the cute little attached cafe is perfect for a break from browsing .
good pancakes , decent service cheaper than ihop . texas two step is the one to pick .
a bit difficult to find , but hang in there . excellent , light , fluffy almond croissant . great addition to the neighborhood .
they have the best shrimp and pork salad rolls . fantastic as a to go order for a healthy lunch friendly staff !
excellent service . very quick and efficient . super friendly . i will definitely come back here again .
place looks amazing ! service was great . maybe not everyone's cup of tea , but most def . mine !
best tabloid in america ! you should d a print edition . your missing out on buyers in the grocery store lines .
i had the time of my life at clermont lounge ! diverse crowd , cheap drinks and fun atmosphere !
love this taco bell , literally the only one i'll go to now in orlando , great staff always
authentic mexican food with good portions . the price is reasonable and the food is delicious . i would recommend coming here .
it's a nice quaint restaurant with speedy service and friendly staff . i have yet to order something i don't like .
smarty pants server knock me out of my pants guacamole fancy pants chile relleno buying new pants me
a real mexican restaurant with gigantic american sized portions . food was awesome and service was great !
a bit of a wait for your food . but worth it very tasty and huge waffles and pancakes
tiffany did an amazing job . i don't think i've ever been so happy with an sns manicure . seriously . go here .
this was extremely good bbq , possibly some of the best in atlanta . incredible value and amazing sauce ! definitely stop by !
on mbta to rockport to visit grandkids . busy station but everything keeps moving fast . interesting people watching .
best burgerville ! staff is always friendly and shakes are awesome ! super fast service !
very authentic south indian food . kerala pepper chicken was fab an so were the other dishes with tough name lol
the food was absolutely amazing ! my server , ashley was amazing . they checked our temperature . they had dividers for each table .
great place . i love the atmosphere and brewing your own beer is fantastic ! i recommend everyone schedule an appointment .
chole bhature is my favorite and they cook it really tasty . staff is helpful . service is quick . great experience .
excellent staff , i've gotten my nails done here multiple times and they're all awesome .
great people who offer superb service with an honest and up front approach .
pretty good but pricy . the waitstaff is exceptional . i recommend this place if it's your japanese barbecue is your thng .
did their challenge , and i unfortunately lost ! great tasting burgers , and great staff . quick service !
they are no longer open until midnight on saturdays , only , and are closed mondays .
this is some of the most creative and delicious sushi i have had in atlanta . will definitely be going back .
they fixed my phone . it works ! average prices . couple days turn around time .
professional attention to detail . rick and his team are as good as it gets .
had a blast at the opening of ikea . the staff have given great service and are friendly .
delicious fresh fish and veggies ! wonderful service and a quint dining area ! you'll keep going back too !
delicious lunch buffet ! i am looking forward to returning !
wasn't hungry . took a bite of my girlfriend's and had to order my own . highly recommended
my new favorite mexican restaurant in seminole county . delicious , fresh food , great service , good fair prices , and delicious margaritas !
best pizza i have ever had period . very small place with limited parking and seating .
very honest and upfront about prices . i was very pleased . they replaced my dead battery quickly .
prices are reasonable and beer selection is good . i highly recommend the scallop spinach salad !
so many sweets ! so hard to choose just one to eat ! solution i get a big box to go !
get the eisben ! it was phenomenal and not something they offer at every german restaurant . great service , great beer !
tony was extremely helpful , great customer service .
great place for vaccinations . friendly staff , low cost for small animal pet care . traveler friendly .
per my son good quality donuts and decent smoothy that satisfied his appetite . definitely would go there again !
awesome bloody mary bar . not crowded for brunch .
bloomingdales in millenia mall is awesome and staff is friendly and store is clean and very organized
food is yummy and customer service is always really good ! the parking is pretty impossible to find .
great atmosphere , really chill . friendly staff and great food ! no complaints . recommend
consistently great food . love the mango curry . better thai than most restaurants in town .
good place , wings , burgers , beers . but if you go really get the fried pickles . fantastic
chris is the best bartender we had a great time here before a show at the paramount theatre !
love having such a yummy pizza spot right near my house ! so happy to have you in the apk !
very nice meal and service , and barely a wait , compared to across the street . yes indeed
i love this place . it has so much flavor . i really like the garlic knots and the pesto pizza .
very fun environment ! such a cool concept ! i had a delicious veggie burger as well ! please try it
very authentic tortillas are really fresh . also get one of their tortas , lots of savory ingredients .
great food . really fast service . everything came out fast was hot and tasted amazing !
maybe one of the best meals i've had in austin . great ever changing menu too .
great bar , great food , plenty of fun games , lotsa space . great lounge feel
they also offer massage therapy from their in house therapist who is wonderful . lifestyles hair studio and day spa
they have a seasonal fish and chips than just to die for hope they keep it year round
excellent popcorn , stellar customer service . i have loved seeing them through the years , grow and expand their services .
everything here is absolutely fantastic . i'm blown away by the quality and flavor of their goods . highly recommended !
salmon was amazing , would definitely recommend the popovers , and hushpuppies as an appetizer before starting off your main course
hybrid restaurant , pub and movie theater plus cheap bucks gets you in . cool .
super chill and laid back late night scene . even the food is quite good with healthy ingredients available too !
love the wings and baked beans ! can't wait to go back again it's been a while
moe is an awesome massage therapist , especially if you like deep tissue .
this place is an absolute gem ! creative , delicious , i wish i could have tasted more dishes
excellent fresh sushi . friendly staff . average prices . very creative rolls with even more creative names .
fantastic ! food , atmosphere , service , coffee , location and music playlist . a . this place will definitely be on our rotation of hangout spots .
michelle has done wonders for my neck and shoulder with her acupuncture treatments . she is amazing !
largest dillards in the country i believe . location is excellent . superior personal service . great sale prices
i was there for breakfast i order avena and cafe mocha it was so delicious . i will order this again .
if you are craving real true fish and chips you will love this place ! i will return thank you !
wonderful little restaurant . amazing homemade tortillas , huge tequila selection , great family run service .
cj has been cutting my hair for four years . she is an excellent stylist who i highly recommend .
the best , hands down . the quality and consistency is incomparable and the staff is really great .
great staff , amazing food and huge proportions , the food is excellent and perfectly priced .
this restaurant is fantastic ! great vegetarian menu and awesome lunch . the flavors are very authentic !
love bahama breeze , they are always changing the menu for the better . love the bowls , great portions .
amazing meats and first class staff . great subs , steak tips and the wonderful choices of meats in the refrigerated room .
best pizza i have had in a long time . they do not skimp on the toppings like some other places .
thanks for recommending the rib eye po' boy and the tuna tacos to the helpful trailer guy . they made my day .
always friendly and the coffee is better then starbucks . they also have an amazing views of the waterfront .
great vegan options and selection of tea and gender neutral bathroom . it's a bit too loud though ,
small restaurant , cheap eats , great tacos ! their carnitas weren't greasy and they filled their tortillas !
came here tonight for dinner with my husband . all i can say is . best wings ever !
excellent ambiance , love the large windows and glass dome , amazing view ! good food and good service . nice for family gathering .
awesome , friendly , reliable , honest , trustworthy . all you need in a car repair shop . highly recommend .
quite a nice little place with good service and nice looking waitresses , he he yes i'm a bit buzzed
hill berts is open again ! please go support this local business . great milkshake and malts !
i've been to several wholefoods before and this one had a great buffet area . bigger than most other wholefoods .
goodness ! great sammiches yeah , i said it and even the sides are dope . fast service too !
the country lamb is to die for . good family style service , great for special occasions .
friendly service . decent food , but nothing overly unique or exciting . a good spot for lunch .
delicious donuts , cash only , fast service so make up your mind before making it to the counter to order !
great gluten free pizza and excellent prices ! plus they deliver
great chinese restaurant in atlanta . xinjiang stir fried chicken strongly recommended . all dishes are really cheap and large .
this place was fantastic ! great service , food and prices . stop by and treat yourself !
truly an incredible dining experience ! the food was amazing and unlike anything i've ever had before !
this place is fantastic ! honest , polite , hardworking guys with tires and service at an awesome price !
great fish tacos service . only negative was mixed drinks were weak .
goin coastal will always be my favorite beer here , but sinner's son was a tasty treat as well !
best place ever ! hot pockets ? ! ? ! got it ! banana ? ! ? ! ? yep ! ice cream ? ! ? ! ? ! bam ! cigarettes ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! hallelujah !
did a great job ! very reasonable and helped keep it within the time frame i asked . i would recommend them .
great organic authentic mexican food . cheap , quick , and in an eco friendly atmosphere .
hands down best irish coffee in town . madison , mixologist extraordinaire , nails it ! one word of advice splurge .
price and quality of food and coffee is great . the muffins are made fresh and taste amazing !
great service and amazing food . definitely will be back whenever in portland . just need you to come to los angeles !
the food is consistently good diner quality . great waffles and coffee , as always . jasmine was very nice and efficient .
a plus did a great job helping us get our faucet replaced ! great work and came out first thing sunday !
went by today and discovered they have closed . so sad . now where to get good frozen yogurt ?
best pancakes in town and the service is always fantastic !
hands down best burritos in the boston area . been coming here for five years and every time is perfect .
my carpet needed some tlc and they did a great job bringing my carpet back to life . thank you !
great pulled pork , friendly staff fun atmosphere .
hands down the best pizza and sandwiches in the north shore . everything they make so so good !
yeah , as good as it gets . on time , great price , professional .
ann spent a lot of time with me . definately takes pride in her work .
been enjoying these awesome ice creams recipes for years . an uptown vancouver staple . get the honey vanilla !
nicely done fish and chips ! not greasy , not over cooked . flaky , awesomeness . the chips were perfect too .
great atmosphere great staff got pedi and fills and loved my experience will be back for sure !
great decor ! a lot of vegetarian choices . drinks are awesome too . fresh sushi . great food and friendly waitress . highly recommended .
best dental experience of my entire life . hands down . never felt a thing !
i love their happy hour . probably one of my favorite places to visit . the smoked oyster pate is so yummy .
everything we tried tonight was quite good . we will return soon to try different dishes .
great experience on a quiet sunday morning . wait staff was cool and very helpful . briana is amazing !
great coffee and the only mitch sincerely cares about his customers . definitely will go back .
steak tacos were amazing , and the waitress was helpful . plenty of tv's to watch whatever sporting event is on .
britt was very awesome and helped so much ! she gave us honest feedback and was so super nice !
went with friends from work love the food , specially lamb chops , tawa fish , loki halwa . falooda was amazing . will be back soon .
tried to go to hi lo and it is gone ! what happened ? i am soooo sad .
ever time i go the chuys it's an incredible experience . waiters and waitresses come fast . food come just as fast .
food cocktails . . so good . fried chicken and blackened chicken sandwich and side salad was tooooo good !
best public house menu i've seen ! if you enjoy the pub scene and good food , give this place a try .
so much deliciousness for . bucks ! best thai cart by far !
best bbq in atlanta . can't beat sauce . mac n cheese is incredible too . i always take out of town visitors to this restaurant .
pretty authentic in general . i am from sichuan region . but just a little bit expensive
very tasty . good value . friendly staff . i will come back . it's a good second option for bbq in orlando
good service and nice atmosphere . drinks were good , but could make a better old fashioned .
yu mmmm oo ! we had huge table and i had a bite of most everything .
delicious eggs and bacon . not fancy but a great spot for breakfast .
awesome pizza it's not cheap but what you want from a gourmet pizza it's going to be pricy .
best filipino food around wa county .
cool ambiance and delicious food not to mention tasty cocktails . we had a great time !
charming downtown portland location . friendly vibe . innovative food . it was a great find for us breakfast snobs .
great food and service ! the waiter billy was friendly and attentive . everything was fresh and delicious ! portions were huge !
great healthy fresh food ! the portions are large and the food is amazing .
perfectly divey just slightly hidden enough to keep the tourists at screen door away .
totally awesome bbq . one of the best parts ? tons of sauces . lots of them hot . it doesn't get much better .
a sweet spot for early breakfast . great muffin if the day selection . super prepared meals .
this place is great . the people are always nice and i enjoy regularly coming in for a bangin kabop .
fresh and tasty . different than other lh i tried . vietnamese menu . wonton soup delish . simple ambience and friendly staff .
rachel r was by far the best server in disney ! made us feel at home and food was good !
i love russo , plenty of fresh fruits and vegetables , beautiful flowers friendly staffs , i'm happy i live close by .
love it here ! quaint bar nearby with great drink prices . bartenders are awesome and friendly .
they have moved to dublin . address is w bridge st . highly recommend the black tonkatsu ramen !
i have a demi adventurer bowl twice a week , every week , for like three years . so good , so delicious !
best coffee and donuts in canada ! timbits are my favorite , especially the honey glazed .
crab rangoons are all you need but if you're hungry the dumps are good too . thx . bye .
delicious thai cuisine with wonderful ambience and service . must try and indeed better than other thai places in that area .
great service from a great dealership ! highly recommended ! dave in service went above and beyond !
great beer choices . nice menu . good service but it's really loud in this place . i don't think i'll go back .
this was great ! recommended by ford fry . we loved it ! will continue to come here when in austin !
great coffee , nice assortment of small portions , clean atmosphere , pleasant waitresses . a bit pricey but worth it .
great food , great selection , great service , zero complaints ! robert camacho is awesome ! lobster corn dogs are a must !
excellent food and lines move fast . i would say their customer service of their staff detracts from overall experience .
tea tasting at the front . very quaint and quiet af .
outta this world delishhhh . super unique store and super cool employees . the best damn donuts ever
great customer service , timing is good , happy with my cleanings each time . i get bi weekly cleanings , no complaints !
enjoyed the ramen bowl with tofu made with medium heat as requested . located convenient to waterfront attractions .
this is one of our usual spot for happy hour . yummy food and the bbq sauce makes everything taste better !
good place to relax and sip on good amazing collection of amazing teas !
this place has the best coffee . hands down . i've searched for better and failed . seventh flag has my heart .
insanely delicious just like my grandmas cooking back in jamaica !
we come here every time we are in portland . it's amazing . come here , you won't regret it !
these ladies are so friendly ! clean and comfortable salon , and my pedicure left my toes looking cute .
this place isn't only for brunch . amazing happy hour and late happy hour menu and specials . get the pretzel rolls .
great spot ! amazing food menu for a coffee shop and don't forget about priced bottles of wine wednesdays !
it is well worth the price they do top notch work and they actually rake the leaves
it was my first time here tonite and i loved it ! the salad bar was awesome !
one of my favorite places in chinatown . i highly recommend the noodle soups and the rice casserole dishes .
fantastic burgers , great , courteous and friendly service . and thank you for hosting our vice president the other day .
great lunch options , unique vegetarian sandwiches , friendly atmosphere .
ike's wings . beef salad . sticky rice . beer cocktails . nuff said . this place effing rocks .
great for indeedians . good amenities , management is responsive , can't beat the views and awesome location !
great place for all day breakfast . vegetarian options available . service staff is friendly and it's a nice cost place .
had a wonderful experience working with addario's great people , excellent service all around ! would recommend to anyone
i can't believe they make such an amazing pasta in a food cart . this is a must in portland !
great service , great burrito . what more do you want ? i got the bubba burrito which was super tasty .
excellent food . wonderful service . can be pricy but this is a solid spot with rich tradition and a quality product .
good bartenders , cheap strong drinks , patio . place is awesome .
damn good ambiance combined with fine coffee and delicious dishes .
in my opinion the food was slightly better than tin drum . the bar service is excellent .
fresh , great value and the best tortilla soup ever .
sea urchin is very sweet , soba is spicy and nice , sushi rolls are amazing , sake is very warm and smooth
amazing pizza ! closest to nyc pizza that you will find . fresh ingredients , tasty sauce and prompt service .
love this place ! nikki is the best ! always good people there ! side note street tacos are the shit !
awesome food made fresh and the best service ! they also offer really healthy and fresh salads , so something for everyone !
delicious , fast , cheap cash only . why the heck not ? i don't have anything else to say .
in a word excellent . very well prepared chow , robust selection and choices . solid value . two thumbs up !
this place is huge ! there's a unique selection of items and the vendors are all very kind . parking is simple .
delicious breakfast , great service , fresh food and amazing coffee . my wife , daughter , and i enjoyed our breakfast .
best italian sub in boston ! huge portions ! the green monster is also really good . great quick lunch spot .
i always order egg benedict with shredded pork . soooo good ! i always go there for breakfast by the way .
clean fresh food and the mushroom brie soup is phenomenal ! i highly recommend it ! !
love this place so much . everybody so nice and the spa very clean . did amazing job .
i had a great experience here today ! sometimes it really depends on staff , that goes for everywhere you eat .
laid back , cozy little shop with lovely baristas and perfect almond milk lattes .
new menu , lower prices and still awesome vegan food ! definitely coming back more frequently !
a makers manhattan after work and i've forgotten about my hellish work day . thanks , b side .
love getting my bars and supplements here . sanjana the owner is very knowledgeable and a super sweetheart !
this is one of my favorite places to eat , highly recommend it . the service was very quick and pleasurable .
good ice , and decent cream . priced right for a hot summer day
friendly , non intimidating staff and environment , effective workout , fun music , fun apparel , variety of class times
best tacos in town and open late . i honestly go here so much the owner and security guard know me .
excellent oysters and delicious food . raw oysters all day , every day . live music during saturday brunch too ! highly recommended .
locals secret ! large portions and yummy food ! came with family who are locals ! seems to be always busy !
great spot to hangout and have a beer . lots of seating . love the darts and corn hole .
every visit here has been great . the staff is very attentive . ask for the sweet chili sauce .
thoughtful and efficient management ! they have done enough to try to shorten wait time . really appreciate their hard works .
incredible flavor , incredible price and incredible location . our serve james was more of a smooth salesmen than server
great wings , sometimes a little loud and crowded but a good location for watching sports and enjoying good pub fare .
dope lunch spot . food was excellent , service was enjoyable . not sure why they don't have more positive reviews here .
great food vibe ! prices r reasonable ! waaay better than oasis on lake travis ! service was excellent ! thanks
literally have died and went to heaven . currently eating boneless parm garlic wings by myself .
awesome pizza for the thin crust lovers fast service and very affordable . desserts are also great !
place , trash . cynthia , queen . max brenners stars , but cynthia stars . thank you for listening .
just tried the bistec tacos on corn . uh , yessss ! great flavor and i'm going back tomorrow !
hands down best hash browns ever ! eggs were poached to perfection . the service was also amazing .
good beers and cider . buffalo sauce doesn't belong on plantains . someone's gotta rethink that one over .
great food with a laid back atmosphere . they have some healthy options too .
awesome place friendly staff . don't go here . i don't want you to ruin this place .
renovated and updated kroger . it is somewhat large but i like the health food department !
great place lots of options from food to clothing to home goods etc plus nicely kept place . will be back again !
the entire menu is mouthwatering . so glad we stopped by this flavorful gem ! amazing food certainly worth it !
brilliant small coffee shop that bustles when busy . wonderful all round great atmosphere people , owners , great coffee .
actually like this kind of place . gritty and run down , epic dive place . good eats , friendly staff .
the best pizza and chicken wings in town . friendly staff makes you feel welcomed anytime . i'll strongly recommend this place .
good sashimi and very good rolls with great combinations . the decor is cool retro .
i'm sooo sad your gone ! it was my favorite place for lunch , im missing my redbull smoothies please comeback !
cute place , nice aesthetic , happy hour deals are good , excellent and friendly service . we like !
i am loving sarang burton's ! great location and great bartenders hannah choi , morgan , elizabeth and sophie !
yummy ! enough said ! good food . good service . close to home that's the best part !
professional work . efficient . scheduled appointment easily and got call when half hour away .
to put it simply tourists go to mike's and modern . locals go to bova's !
most amazing place in the whole entire world ! everything is baked with love !
after trying voodoo for the first time we literally turned into zombies . very appropriately named .
great price , awesome customer services , location perfect close to universal studios . our room was clean . good breakfast . thank you .
by far my favourite place to get a matcha latte !
good hole in the wall place good place for hot dogs , amazing service and great drinks .
delicious grilled veggie panini . lots of gourmet , hard to find kosher products . variety of truffle oils , gourmet imported cheese etc .
really good pastries . their ham and cheese croissant is bomb ! the croissant is so nice and buttery
delicious brunch menu . not many options , but all are good . great bloody mary and cappuccino .
very clean and friendly . they offer a variety of different services all reasonably priced . will definetly be going back
the food is cooked fresh and delicious . i recommend the catfish and shrimp plate . you won't be disappointed .
excellent surprise in my old neighborhood ! the egg sandwiches were extremely tasty !
jason has been a great service advisor . i would not take the srx to any place else .
great breakfast and good service . would definitely recommend .
love the appetizers here . this place has a relaxing feel . a pleasure to to dine every time !
atlanta's premium art house theatre showing the finest in critically acclaimed films . a cherished institution .
the sushi and food was great . the staff was prompt and friendly . we loved the bacon wrapped quail eggs .
a service with dr . sampat , would highly recommend this place !
very clean and interesting airport . food selection is not great though .
fantastic ! the food here always atways tastes very fresh , and the service is friendly .
such wonderful service and fantastic ice cream ! the pistachio is insane ! will definitely be eating here all summer !
great beer selection . fantastic fondue . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . ' . '' . sensational schnitzel and the shepard's pie is to die . for
we had the chicken wings , p , r , v all of them so good , was enjoy . will comeback and try other items .
best hamburgers around there area . fries are a close second to steak and shake . erica was a great server . thanks !
amazing food and cocktails ! staff was friendly and attentive . management was outstanding . looking forward to many more visits !
best dipped powder manicure in town ! they last for three solid weeks for me not even kidding . ask for tan .
best . burrito . ever . get pastor , it will change your life . so glad to see this place open again .
great tortas . menudo on weekends is fantastic .
awesome drinks and awesome mac and cheese ! service is excellent ! always appreciate when the food comes out piping hot
very quick and friendly service . and the sushi was fantastic , fresh and very tasty . great place . good pricing too .
delicious food ! i had the steak and the empanadas both were amazing ! they have indoor and outdoor seating !
we really enjoyed our meal . the beef short ribs were thick and tender . we will be back .
i had a smoked short rib hash and my friend had vegetable chilequiles . great food , great vegetarian options ! yummy !
my favorite chicken biryani restaurant in atlanta . my family loved the hospitality , the food and customer service . highly recommended
love me some vegan hot dogs from the hot dog cart ! this is a downtown orlando staple .
i plan on returning to try every single flavor . the speciality cupcakes are what i'm really after .
awesome breakfast and nice staff . they had flap jacks . woo hoo
delicious breakfast ! love the food here ! one of my favorite places . the omelettes and pancakes are my favorite .
excellent service , yummy food , and tasty drinks . always very pleased with my experience here !
sophie is an awesome server and gave us a great experience . awesome food too , great place to watch some football
they did an outstanding jog on all of our clothes especially the winter coats ! they are also very nice people .
this area needed more late night food places . the double burger hit the latenight spot . will frequent .
travis was our instructor . he was awesome ! highly recommend this place for a fun night out .
trevor was really prompt and efficient in executing my work request . mail replies were quick and actions result oriented .
we really loved the food . it was cheap , tasty and fresh . the service was good and the place was clean .
cool spot . chill jazz playing when walked in . plenty of seating inside and out .
south city is expensive but if you want exceptional service and great food look no further . vallet is available too
this place was excellent . we shared several baos , had fries , and dumplings . it was all delicious !
great food . try thai noodle salad
average mexican place . food and service are good . very easy to get to .
yummy doughnuts , great staff and simple business model . great vibes . fantastic doughnuts !
both staff and the doctor were super nice and caring . very short wait . would definitely recommend .
great vegan fast food and more consistent than some of their competitors ! the shakes are also a must !
got southbeach lebrons for . this store is a must go to everytime in town .
the best lamb you can have in vancouver . the souvlaki is too die for . the servers are great
cool place to hang out do work with laundromat next door .
amazing tacos ! big and tasty for a good price ! yummmmm . loved the fish and carnita taco the most .
fantastic summer peach and strawberry salad with greens and raspberry vinaigrette . it really works ! i am completely addicted to this !
best breakfast in allston . nostalgic family run dinning place . cash only .
extremely tasty and well prepared . love the crust . always fresh and warm . hope they would have more places around .
mexican vanilla ! enough said ! yelp thinks i need to say more ! mexican vanilla ! mexican vanilla !
good burgers , awesome fries ! i also like main root soda selections .
we use cah for our pugs and a cat . they are excellent , compassionate , knowledgeable and very professional .
haven't been disappointed yet . every dog i've tried has gone beyond my expectations . and that snickers ice cream for dessert . omg
lots of selection and very friendly customer service . they are always willing to go above and beyond to help !
exceptionally good service . they treated me like a prince . good vibe and cozy atmosphere .
excellent service , very affordable and great work done . they can fix most things except for your transmission .
great all around spot . sinatra saturday's is vines at it's best .
nice place , great salmon . fast service and nice staff . would like to come back and try a few more things .
came in for lunch and had the tuna salad sandwich . great taste . also tried the s'mores dessert muffin .
minuteman press longwood offers high quality printing at great prices . i highly recommend using their services .
the service , the grandma , the spicy beef laksa , salmon skewers heaven on earth .
love this place , probably the best buffet option in the area , very clean and the food is delicious .
great place . slower pace thanmagic kingdom . min wait was the longest for non fast pass . great food at tiffins
beyond fabulous ! the lineups are going to be out the door very soon . fish tacos are the best .
so good . i'm from hawaii and this is pretty close to authentic . kalbi , huli huli and kahlua are all great !
heard great things about this place , lived up to the word . great costumer service , thanks ken !
good food . lots of choices and they are all reasonably priced . restruant was nice and clean inside .
keso cheese sauce is fantastic . there's a tex mex vibe with these tacos and they are also a good value .
i am local and this place is amazing . friendly , knowledgeable staff . i come here often and love them
great , great work ! and super friendly and honest folks . highly recommended !
i love it ! since they first opened . best burgers downtown for the price point . yummy to my tummy
great place for some beautiful pasteries . and although they dont claim to be a coffee shop , their blend is smooth .
enjoyed our visit immensely . great service and great food . we had the holy shiitake pizza . omg ! so good !
my favorite chinese restaurant since i moved to columbus ! food is great and the price point is better .
rt gives you a beautiful view of portland ! i'm sold !
never had a bad meal here . highly recommend the rice bowls , lentil soup , and baklava . great service too !
great ice cream , friendly atmosphere , sweet kids working there . all good . salted caramel pretzel , baby !
best catfish . battered and fried to order . light crispy outside , soft inside . they definatly know what there doin .
love this place ! can always get a good breakfast here and there's so many different options . totally recommend it .
instructors are knowledgeable , kind and very thorough ! great school , definitely a cut above other schools our family checked into .
we had the bbq duck , general sho , minced beef and garlic vegetables . all were very tasty .
shepherd's pie and huge steak fries with magner's . i love this place .
lorena was extremely helpful and efficient during our meeting when i was on a time restraint .
excellent food , price and service . this is our go to place for the best pizza in town .
best dumpling house ! lots of food and very reasonable prices ! order the singapore noodles ! yum !
jessalynne made our experience at punchbowl social fantastic ! such good food and drinks
fabulous ! fun engaged servers amazing food and drinks david becker hit his third home run
raina and haylee are by far the best bartenders ! a great spot to grab a beer go check it out !
professional , knowledgeable and timely . came on a saturday afternoon a few hours after calling . highly recommend thanks yelp !
great service ! the pizza was delish and omg the italian margarita ! yes please ! we'll be back !
the best . yummy portobello with cheese . had a mint lemonade . very hip atmosphere at the mall
great !
thanks for being so helpful , katie and rachel ! you make shopping at second time around such a pleasure .
this is a cool concept . golf , food and cold beer . i enjoy the lunch time before the after work rush .
mr . quarterman is so gentle knows how to make you feel comfortable . i'm definitely returning !
try the lemon roasted almonds in the bulk section . delicious .
breakfast is fabulous here ! all the egg dishes have great flavors . excellent waffles . bacon .
excellent food , great lunch and daily specials . happy hour from to . . bottled domestics . prompt and excellent service .
my favorite place here last time , i ate chicken kastu ! yammy ! than , a lot of crispy chichek ill visit again !
absolutely love this place , has some of the best icecream sandwhiches ever ! the staff is always kind and very knowledgeable .
nice location . easy check in . everyone was friendly and helpful . great hotel room . would definitely return .
superb fresh french pastries , friendly service , cool outdoor seating . delicious food ! and it never takes too long to get in .
really liked the zucchini noodles and the fact that they serve champagne in a mason jar !
in love . no chipotle doesn't own it . but the food is worth the wait in line ! great food an service
great food , friendly staff . a bit expensive but for the portion size and quality its good value .
amazing food ! crab fried rice is so tasty . just about everything on the menu is a must have
great cigar shop tucked behind cheesecake factory in arboretum . have been able to find many nice cigars for gifts .
the food is so freaking good that i dont mind that it is the worst service in atlanta
came here with the family for easter dinner . prompt service , great food and a server from heaven
very happy with their service . everyone vey helpful and car well cared for . hope they stay in business .
cheap bowling , cheap beer , what more can you want ? great place for a laid back night with friends .
i love this salon . but where did tracey go ? does anyone know ?
beautiful ambiance . nice beer selection but overpriced . service was slow to start , but great toward the end of our visit .
ten stars ! amazing threading , super nice , and great price for newbury . highly recommended !
delicious and so many yummy options . downside is the line was atrocious ! but that's a good sign right ?
good breakfast restaurant ! u have many choices . i have to say that it's the best breakfast i have ever had in us .
what a great deal . a calzone for seven bucks and it was huge and delicious .
reasonably priced mexican food with excellent service . they have the best margaritas hands down !
dee f licious . just go . everything is good . the service , the location , the wine , the food ! just go !
great service . they did an oil change . they fixed a rock chip free of charge . great customer service .
great on sundays , great on sunny summer afternoons , pretty terrible on weekend evenings .
i had the oppurtunity to taste their red velvet cake and it was really big , pretty , and tasty !
great place ! best dam key lime pie . ever ! these folks always seem to get us seated . even when its busy !
i love their steak n potato wrap the pizza is verrrry good great place for takeout n prices are inexpensive
service and food was truly remarkable . must visit for authentic mexican restaurant experience .
very sweet workers ! had a burrito bowl with eggs for breakfast and it was served with a smile !
i had the jambalaya and it was so good and the music was jamming with a great atmosphere .
the best in downtown near the embassy suites . good service , nice atmosphere .
every time i come by panda the wait isn't crazy long . as for the food it's a great alternative
good good good ! portions are small but heavenly tasty
i'm pretty sure this is the best ice cream i've ever had ! don't miss it you'll thank me
this place is incredible . no doubt the best coffee in columbus . clean and airy space with an in house roastery .
two words muy rico so tasty and scrumptious , for georgia will stop here on my layovers from now on .
modern pastry makes incredibly tasty gluten free cannoli . if you're in boston and averse to gluten , it's a must try !
soup , salad , and sandwiches are very tasty and well presented ! also very friendly staff ! i will definitely be back !
great diner , great cook and staff with friendly regulars . breakfast or lunch . delicious !
awesome place , great breakfast ! juggernaut was super tasty and my girlfriends cajun omelet had tons of flavor !
for a fas food burger joint , four burgers has a pretty good burger . i'm hooked i'll be back .
amazing pizza ! now i know why my co workers couldn't stop talking about it . service was great also . a must try !
wow ! what a treat . great staff . creative menu . amazing what can be done with jack fruit .
service here is awesome . a little bit overpriced but the place worth it .
java porter its out of this world . they are known for their fyipa , but don't miss stout month
sarma is the best restaurant in boston . try the lentil nachos , brussels sprouts and the brisket .
is it closed and i'm going to miss their food and perfectly mixes black velvets !
que experiencia tan fenomenal ! juan avila y su equipo superaron nuestras expectativas . regresaremos !
they are very nice people and prompt service ! they are friendly and the flowers are beautiful !
loved this area ! amazing restaurants and so much character , the coolest area in austin !
very attentive service . checked out wait times at atl and suggested that we leave early . car was clean .
came back for happy hour . the lavender lemon drop martini is sooo good ! also my server , jess is awesome
stellar peach bourbon cupcakes ! scarf them down fast because your man may try to eat them all !
played today . the course was in great shape . the fairways and greens were fantastic . will be back
awesome burger , amazing shake . great customer service . couldn't ask for a better experience .
what is in the mexican vanilla ice cream that makes it so delicious ? ! sooooooooooooooooo good ! service is really friendly too !
the best mediterranean food around ! amazing service too . try the kabobs over rice and their hummus is fantastic !
i enjoy clackamas mall , one of my favorite stores morgan jewerlers ! the ladies are very pleasant helpful .
the lemon chicken is amazing . i've had it about different times and it's always perfect . yummmmmmy
definite try . fresh . handmade . excellent service ! clean . bathroom could be cleaner .
great customer service and very fast . prices are reasonable and cheap . good quality all around .
love the chacarero sandwich . also the chicken soup is delicious lit pricey but for their quality is ok !
great first visit . had the bacon cheeseburger with onion strings . will return again .
without a doubt . recommend mitchel english ! you're welcome ! scissorgamegoeshard
always amazing ! the food and service are unsurpassed . an atlanta institution .
i really like the old titaya's , but the new one is amazing . the tero root fries to die for
very good and healthy menu , friendly staff and lovely atmosphere . will definitely come back here .
fantastic fresh food . can't beat it . delicious ingredients . clean shop . the make your own bowl is great !
best mac and cheese ever ! also try the brisket ! amazing ! worth every minute hour we waited .
this place was seriously fun to and the food was super great ! try the buffalo taco's num num num !
absolutely one of the best italian restaurants in the westerville area . great atmosphere , great food and outstanding service .
juliana was great ! wonderful customer service . thanks juliana for making our experience the best !
excellent food pleasant staff clean and inviting environment ! did i say excellent food !
we went during happy hour and the catfish dinner was half price and delicious ! ask for clayton , a terrific waiter !
am , drunk , drunken munchies , the rutti tutti fresh and fruity calls out , mmmm bacon . mmm pancakes with strawberries . give me grease !
good stuff , solid price . will return fool ! yummy yummy in my tummy . nom nom nom nom .
high class , quiet , and best oysters i've had in ohio .
that guy makes a great pizza but the subs are ok
my fav mexican place in columbus . authentic food . fresh ingredients set this place apart . must try fish tacos !
creative and delicious sushi with excellent service . reasonable prices . excited to try their lunch specials . will definitely be back !
we returned to divan kitchen and enjoyed excellent food and great service again .
great food and very nice staff . fast delivery . their fried wontons are meaty and amazing !
great theater ! i'm glad it's a part of downtown orlando !
we came here for the summer special . the steak was nicely done and service was attentive .
a lot of shops and good security enforcing social distancing and mask guidelines . not too many children's stores though
the fish taco and chocolate molten cake are absolutely to die for ! i will be back soon .
absolutely incredible . i recommend the cheesy fries and seitan corn beef reuben . amazing vegan food !
i really love racetrac . they have really great flavored iced teas . typically , the staff is really nice and helpful .
great food . fair atmosphere . love this place . highly recommend teriyaki and musubi great
very tasty ! my favourite japanese restaurant in vancouver , i could probably say that .
after am i think they make all the drinks red and thats fine with me !
all the suns are popular with many , many reviews . note that dogs are no longer welcome on the patio . cheers !
no visit to vancouver would be complete without renting bikes and riding along the seawall . 'nuff said .
great service . peppermint milkshake was delicious ! i like the nuggets . i like the kale salads . i like the frosted coffee
who rated this stars ? if this place cooked ass i'd eat it . great prices and great service . hours
excellent . i've eaten here once before , and just like last time i was impressed with the speed and quality .
the regional manager remedied the issue for me after i contacted him . everything is back to good now .
its simple . hands down a great food , drinks , and outstanding customer service ! love it and will be coming back .
love this place love the crispy crust best pizza around ! i've been coming here since high school awesome and consistent
went there tonight for the first time and i am vouching for veedas . good food and prices .
the food and the service was great ! my meal was fantastic ! and the wine selections were wounderful !
california quality sushi and a fun selection of creative rolls to choose from . staff is friendly and attentive .
excellent burgers , very hip environment and ask for jasmine . she went above and beyond normal service .
i bought some cute , inexpensive mexican art souvenirs here . i really liked the selection .
the drinks were okay and it was too busy to get some food when i went . nice atmosphere .
the pork butt in pineapple sauce was such a delicacy . great service and beautiful ambience .
consistently good food . they have also catered several parties and done a great job .
lots of small plate options . great location , trendy and casual . the brussels sprouts with bacon were delicious , a must try !
good coffee house , free wifi , normal price for a decent cup of coffee . can't complain .
great bakery . fresh and tasty . please keep up the good work . highly recommend .
great session with delissa ! really enjoyed the atmosphere and she took the time to figure out what i wanted
unexpected valentine dinner in woburn ? yes ! great fresh sushi we tried different maki rolls and were not disappointed !
always a good experience here , staff makes you feel at home like you waking up for breakfast . food always delicious
nancy and staff are the best . store is clean , staff competent , selection of nail materials extensive . will be returning soon !
love it . been coming here for about years now ! totally get my car clean for under !
this is a great butcher shop tucked away near waterford lakes . their seasoned meats are elicious .
hubers is my favorite downtown eatery and bar . the staff is always attendant and helpful .
this is my favorite restaurant ever . it's honestly a shame that yelp doesn't offer a more star option .
reliable service from a friendly local austin business ! thank you for all you do !
love the salads here . atmosphere and service is also strong which sets this restaurant apart from its peers on columbus .
came here to try the commonly reviewed red velvet pancakes . they definitely measured up to what reviewers said . rich and delicious !
absolutely incredible experience ! highly recommend to everyone ! amazing food , atmosphere etc .
excellent place for taste colombian bakery . everything is perfect . i'm so happy find this place in orlando area .
great food , tagliatelle was amazing . the salads felt were a bit to salty . overall great food though .
an amazing meal and a great experience at nicola's . highly recommended , it's a must try !
legit bun bowls . ingredients are fresh , and meat is cooked to perfection . this place is on par with luc lac !
best buffet i ever had . i went there christmas day and new year's day . i recommend it highly .
love this store its employees ! great selection prices customer service . will definitely be back !
good food , amazing barb b q , just order some cheap vegetables from the stall beside it .
torta sandwich , special enchilada . amazing .
if crab rangoons were dollar bills , arrest me now or i'll rob this bank .
very tasty , nice flavor . love the smoked wings ! food could be a little bit warmer . i will be back !
the food was legit and the baklava was magnificent . it could be better presented thats all ! def coming back .
lax atmosphere , great prices , high quality boats . staff was friendly and insightful with the lake travis area
i can spend hours in this store it's vintage wonderland ! i especially love the basement full of retro clothes !
absolutely amazing ! everything you want in a restaurant . wish i could afford to go more often !
great place ! wendy was fun and gave me the haircut exactly that i asked for . highly recommend this new spot
chicken and rice ! the peanut sauce and great , defiantly recommended as a side but get the traditional .
my favourite studio by far . the staff are are kind and the instructors are passionate but not pushy .
i would recomend the stella homemade gnocchi tomato basil reggiano . i loved this place !
the perfect little diner next to bexley . the staff are great and make you feel part of the family !
coffee , ice cream , and alcohol . need i say more ?
awesome food , always fresh and tasty . friendly staff and fast service . lunch specials come with tasty soups . different everyday
excellent place ! jason and his team were fast and efficient . highly recommend mr . tire in dunwoody village .
i like . bar had some surprisingly great cocktails , film projection was pretty good too !
delicious rolls fresh , neatly wrapped .
excellent spot . yummy food great drinks . the wait staff was great ! absolutely no complaints .
i've never understood why these flavors work but they just do ! apple goat cheese is amazing .
fantastic coffee , food , and atmosphere . it's interior nicely decorated and the music is relaxing .
everything here is amazing . i wish i lived closer so i could eat all the food , all the time .
outstanding mexican restaurant . authentic flavors . creative dishes . amazing seafood . i highly recommend it .
great service when i took my dog to dove lewis in a hurry tonight !
the best dinner we had on our vacation . the service and food were absolutely wonderful . love this place !
most excellent , this sweet tofu dessert granted me a sliver of happiness in my sad , sad life .
excellent food , service and atmosphere . many menu options . never a miss here ! highly recommend !
the best views of the city and a great patio . excellent place to grab a burger and a beer !
great place for a casual breakfast . homemade sausage patties , eggs were prepared perfectly and the waitress was super attentive .
it's the texas capitol . of course it's awesome . check it out .
amazing choice of delicious barbecue . the friendliest service ever . a real treat ! great for families and birthdays .
absolutely the most delicious fresh sushi in cambridge . staff is extremely mindful to accommodating special requests , absolute fun time .
food lamb was very good . service very attentive staff . overall great experience on busy saturday evening
great for a quick plate lunch . clean , quick , tasty and inexpensive .
for all you chocaholics out there . solid milk chocolate cupcake ! go get that beautiful thing in your hands now
usually have two burgers here from the takeout window . takes about ten minutes , but solid reasonably priced hamburger .
great place ! but they have very limited variety at the concession , but it's ok just bring your own snacks !
huge portions for under ten bucks . tasty chinese food . try it !
perfect neighborhood bar . older , but super fun crowd .
a great place to purchase little presents for your girlfriends and yourself ! wonderful prices and selection .
came for a quick bite and was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the bibimbop ! will come again !
come for the bike ride , stay for some coffee , post ride .
one of our favorite pizzas in columbus . always consistent with the bake and quality of toppings .
great texmex with no frills . the sauce is hot , the beans are refried and the tamales enchiladas were excellent !
excellent customer service ! also did a great job cleaning pet soil from rug . will return for sure if need be !
dr peter and dr sydney are awesome ! the staff is so friendly , appointments are never delayed , highly recommend !
new management in last couple of years and new renovations have improved this home goods tremendously . it's always fresh
the chocolate ganache is great ! it's a pricey joint but the dessert is great !
like this spot alot ! nice stuff , smooth . fashions are really cool !
always have a great meal and glass of wine here . view is stunning , staff is courteous .
my favorite spot to go before any event at the garden . the pizza is delicious .
love the grilled pork sandwich . . ! would not do the dim sum there though
im always impressed by the consistent and great customer service from the staff and the food too is consistently good .
had the padti chicken and a padti shrimp takeout . food was hot and fast , just needed a little more spices .
awesome bar with really friendly welcoming employees . only stars because there's no outdoor patio unfortunately
the big mc was supreme . nicely done lamb burger and potato salad . delicious wine selection
great service and knowledgable , trustworthy team . exceeded our expectations when basement flooding forced us to replace floor coverings .
tasty pizza , large slices and good beer selection . what more does one need ?
i cam here twice during my stay in boston . fell in love with their brunch and mimosa . mmm .
amazing soul food . very authentic southern fdishes . service is awesome . ask for mark . extremely welcome staff
excellent food and friendly service . great vibe . a rare find for vancouver !
little bar just outside of harvard . they have bands but it's very tiny not sure where they play . nice place
a slice of heaven on earth . i recommend their tomahawk steak and the lemon for desert .
absolutely perfect ma po tofu and yung chow fried rice ! very friendly !
we heart star of texas veterinary hospital and dr samon rocks !
great vegetarian food and service ! got here about min to closing and they accommodated me well .
food was delicious ! we got seated immediately when we arrived for dinner . the service was also good .
love their pilates . krista's mat class was the best i've ever had !
we had swiss and hangover burgers . great burgers , excellent service and place is very clean .
hole in the wall chinese goodness . the food will satisfy your cravings .
had such a blast eating for halle bday dinner can't wait to go again and try different things .
sandwiches and nice alcohol assortment . mixed crowd , fun atmosphere . not mind blowing but a solid . stars . would go again .
fresh homemade tasting non greasy quality food . beware of spicy though . definitely check them out !
great affordable services , clean facility , friendly staff . i wish i would've known sooner !
amazing tasting sushi ! great service i got the rainbow roll right and alaskan roll left so thanks guys !
love this place ! the front of the bar has windows that open that are incredible . great beer list good food !
very good and healthy food ! had their breakfast tacos and philly cheese steak both satisfied my hunger and taste buds .
great tapas , amazing atmosphere , can't recall specifically what we had but it was all good ! sangria was yummy !
i'm not a vegan but the kimchi burger here is out of sight ! i'll definitely be back !
perfect ! sent message at pm . message answered at . they came the next day . great price .
great food and incredible service . i came here for dinner and wasn't disappointed .
ummm more island creek oysters . and more great wine . love this place when i'm not on a business dinner .
i'd recommend malka daimonds and jewelry over any store in the diamond district in nyc .
i love this bar . great bands most days of the weeks . fun poker league on the weekends .
cute place . yummy hot sandwiches . and friendly people ! risk their lives to keep customers safe from wandering bats .
very nice lady manages to make my unruly mop almost presentable .
great cafe . the staff that work here are so nice and each dish is prepared with love .
there's a manager there that works the night shift jose . he is the man .
great salon . my hair dresser was super knowledgeable and asked great questions . the prices are awesome . very happy !
best ice cream ever . never heard of high dive before but great sparkling water and it's local . thank you
get the chanterelle omelette , it's amazing and an unexpected gourmet breakfast in the airport
these guys are good and fare ! thanks aab !
i love top spice and i love their coconut soup the delivery guy was amazing this time !
full service station where they really take care of you . extremely nice and efficient . gas is cheap too !
love ordering delivery from here ! usually order the veggie pho and spicy lemongrass tofu
fresh , fast , very tasty . minimalist decor and menu . super friendly service . apple curry peanut was delicious !
good prices and fast efficient service without any add ons ! he was a !
went in for a suit pants resizing . she gave me her advice and saved me money . job well done .
love it . classic classics . great food , great hh and wine . weekly visits for me .
classic dive with a nautical theme and an awesome view . we miss you already .
awesome burger . great customer service . freshly made ! i had the jalapeno blue cheese burger . do it !
jonathan was the bomb . excellent service . very knowledgeable about the menu . food excellent and we will be back !
great location with such good price , friendly server , excellent spot for families and friends gathering !
good food , great prices and keno .
love your cookies and meatall sandwich . staff upbeat and pleasant . always a table visit by mgmt .
i like this place for eating . the food is especially good for eating purposes .
delicious beer and pizza . friendly staff . fun environment with some arcade games .
ordered in grub hub who never showed ! i drive to get it myself . pizza and greek salad were superb .
amazing chicken wings ! i will order chicken wings again on my next visit ! also the chicken ramen is good too
amazing thai steak salad . you won't regret it .
awesome dinner buffet thursday moderately priced . lamb biryani is amazing , probably best in town .
high quality food and customer service , great hours and fair prices . i can't wait to come back again !
had enjoyed my bd here , they're so nice and everything was perfect . what a special treat for me yayyyyyyyyy
sea bass was excellent but my husband's surf n' turf with fried lobster tail a filet . most excellent .
world class ice cream , eclectic choices . well priced , large portions . there is not a single thing wrong with this place .
the atmosphere is epic . the food is delish really enjoyed the live band dining and music .
best bbq anywhere . seriously amazing can't say anything more !
forever my go to dessert on ubereats . a nice variety of ice cream flavors , and everything is delicious !
delicious food and great service ! the chicken shish taouk sandwich was incredible as was the baba ghanouj . will be back !
great food and modern hot pot bbq combo ! recommend add bbq for p p . great value !
great food friendly , quick service . we shall return !
i'm obsessed with this place . great tacos , great tequila , great bartenders . also the decor is amazing .
typical dim sum , some don't taste that well compares to other places i've tried . service is nice .
fresh , delicious , friendly and fast service ! can't ask for more ! worth the trip !
what's better than video games and beer ? not much . this is a great place to spend your quarters .
fun day ! great to always the day visiting austin's art mural landmarks . you can find them throughout the city .
walking the freedom trail , we worked up an appetite . thanks to theo , we had some great sandwiches !
great service great food ! romantic spot in austin . had the tuna tar tar , great !
everything delicious so far , prices are very affordable , lunch menu specials are very economical , highly recommended .
best tacos in portland metro . the shrimp guacamole tostaditas are also amazing . staff is super friendly and on point .
authentic venezuelan food ! great customer service ! make sure to try the beef empanadas , they're delicious !
really good chinese food . very clean . i am not a big fan of chinese food but this was very tasty .
great crepes ! lots of choices ! far better crepes than that faux french crapperie in bee caves !
decent service and prices . a good place to drink a couple beers and play some pool or just chill out .
hailey is amazing ! ask for her ! great atmosphere ! fun time for a great night out ! rooftop bar is the best !
food is yumms dessert is out of the world service is homey music is bumpin basketball is life .
fast service good quality food . waiters speaks really good english surprisingly . big seatings and such a clean environment
very knowledgeable and friendly owners . it's my favorite place for birdseed and bird feeders .
delicious food and cocktails ! wonderful atmosphere and service as well ! totally worth a visit !
had the winchester and the danny sliders . both were delicious but overall i loved the spiciness of the winchester .
a columbus classic . not sure if i would change a single thing .
kelly is the best groomer ! she is professional and sweet to our dogs . kelly always gives them a great grooming .
my favorite place for lunch before i start work ! always a wonderful atmosphere and such nice cast members !
tiffany the waitress is the best . excellent service . great nachos and a huge pretzel .
finally got to try place , the food was excellent and the staff are extremely nicewould highly recommend !
good , fast , delicious food ! a norwood town favorite !
we love gustav's ! they have extremely tasty food . the fondue is a must !
sunset dinner with a group of friends for a birthday celebration . seafood was delicious and the atmosphere friendly .
excellent choice for a lunch meeting with my mentor and friend
best pizza ever . crisp crust , fresh ingredients and delicious sauce . salad was terrific and fresh . nice service
service , food and the mimosas ! amazing ! will definitely be back , what a great atmosphere and a treasure of a find !
great kids clothes . consign and get credit to be used later . friendly staff and lots of selection .
i have no complaints , just that i had a positive experience because i received got my coffee i ordered !
cory and judy do a great job ! both are knowledgeable and friendly . really appreciate their attention to detail !
delicious food and friendly staff . spencer was very friendly and caring . i definitely recommend ! great decor too !
amazing ! great customer service . in and out ! totally recommend this place . the girls were really helpful .
pretty cool spot ! ping pong , corn hole , drinks , playground live entertainment and trivia night in sunday's ! check it out !
inexpensive quality hotpot with delicious spicy beef broth . go for the lamb , seafood , and tongue if you feel adventurous .
my favorite is the pudding milk tea ! not a lot of people come to the one in clintonville area !
excellent harry potter environment ! the food here was fabulous ! highly recommend the ribs and frozen butter beer !
i love eating here ! the food is delish and everyone is always so friendly . the dragon roll is my favorite !
amazing interior design . definitely had a pleasant dining experience in such an ambience .
great place , nice people excellent food ! i had breakfast for lunch , awesome home made biscuits eggs and sausage .
good food , would go again next time i'm in austin .
great breakfast , never had a bad meal and the homemade hash omelette is the best homemade hash i've ever had
we had ants and now we don't . we price shopped and they won out . neil was super nice .
stop reading reviews about mexican restaurants and go already ! five star food especially the taco el pastor and chile relleno .
shrimp pad thai for husband and double cashew delight for me . both delicious ! . slow getting to us thoigh .
spent day here . went to figment , spaceship earth , and test track ! i recommend all !
great service ! the queso was awesome and so are the cheese enchiladas ! definitely will be back
they swapped pickups for me on a fender ri jazz bass . quick solid professionalism at a good price .
can't go wrong with a bahama mama and finishing your meal with a giant cream puff !
delightful italian restaurant with great food and service ! brushetta was delicious and bread is fabulous ! bella speciality is a must .
kilwin's is always one of our stops when we are in florida ! delicious ice cream and friendly staff .
christian provided excellent and fast service ! i had two tires changed and out the door in less than minutes !
my favourite vancouver brewery right now , love the space and the acres of ocean is incredibly good .
tacos , some awesome nachos with everything make sure you order steak the best horchata , period .
loved their martini always want to jump in ! forgot the name but these were just fabulous !
i ordered the grilled grouper and i highly recommend it . sacramento definitely needs a place like this .
very eclectic atmosphere . really good vegan options . awesome coffee . staff is super friendly .
my advice sit at the bar . order some food . drink some good scotch . i love coming here when i'm alone .
good price and delicious pad thai ! the thai ice tea was very generous and refreshing .
thanks for bringing my vision to life tony ! sns with design and ballerina shape . i love it .
one of the best places i've had good veg food . the dishes are innovative , yet delicious and recognizable .
excellent presentation and delicious meal . the staff works like a team to provide exceptional service
always st rate . fresh vegtables from local farms . sometimes a little loud but always worth it .
first time there yesterday . great cut . friendly conversation and easy parking before not during lunch . reasonably priced , clean and welcoming
we ordered two breakfast sandwiches which were delicious and ready right on time ! highly recommend
excellent pizza and service ! the crust was great ! we got the margherita pizza with mushrooms , onions , and cherry tomatoes added .
great selection of fabrics ! absolutely love this store and have ideas running through my head already ! i'll definitely be back !
food was awesome . schwarma , falafel , kafta . girlfriend enjoyed it as it was her first time .
amazing atmosphere , food , service and wine ! a virtual party in my mouth ! should get more than stars !
i really love the cinetopia experience .
yum , yum , yum . i am a pretty big torchys fan . none of the fish tacos blow me away though .
great selection of scotch and beer , but noisy at times .
great and simple food . parking with valet is a nightmare . waited min to get my car
amazing array of flavours . i had chocolate orange . don't forget your token when you enter .
the special was great ! so much food ! chef was really fun ! everything was great , food , service , and the company !
cool place , nice tasting room . huge and new beer was tasty . parking was good . unique design
our favorite breakfast place last year , many choices , forgot to mention huge ice cream portion
perfect place to eat . staff is wonderful , especially durina . she has been absolutly fabulous to us every time we come .
you havent lived if you never tried their pink lemonade .
the doughnuts are crispy holes of pure delight and happiness . their chai is pure bliss .
coco was amazing ! best blowout ever still looks great today the day after . wonderful atmosphere experience .
although the chicken fried has gotten smaller over the years . it's still the best in or around austin .
i like this place . i've only gotten take out . take out orders have always been accurate . great food , great service .
joe pesci and ultimate cheese sandwiche are amazing . big portion about same prices as a panera or crispers but better !
fantastic food , wine and cheeses . wonderful gem found hidden in the hills of austin .
my favorite coffee shop in boston ! really nice window seating in the back and my favorite latte around .
the experience was amazing . attentive staff . amazing desert and great portuguese coffee . highly recommend !
oh my god . go here . eat everything . die happy . be reborn . repeat .
very nice place . exceptional service and wonderful food ! tom yum kung prawn was flavorful and large . i would highly recommend !
i love garrison square ! i lived there for almost three years and can't say enough good things about it .
great attention to detail , nice clean salon . loved it .
hip and happening ! best mini kobe burgers !
seriously the best breakfast burritos around ! totally worth the minute drive for us !
so good . cant wait to come back . noodles amazing . dumplings amazing . chicken , shrimp and beef amazing !
so greasy , so full of msg , so flipping delicious and worth every calorie and the headache .
amazing little place . great place for a little wine and a snack in the late afternoon or early evening
ex girlfriend was delicious ! i went there last weekend with my girlfriends during lunch . friendly and prompt service . will def . go back !
excellent food and great selection . we ordered dinner last night and will definitely repeat .
the food and service was great . loved the prime rib .
a chocolate lovers dream . oz of chocolate heaven in a cup ! the perfect amount for a chocolate fix .
dr . elliott is wonderful . i would recommend this vet to all my friends and family . his stsff was also great !
i just ate the nest old fashioned doughnut i have ever had fresh , crispy and yummy .
fantastic cocktails with knowledgeable bartenders . charcuterie and dessert was great as well .
i had the croissant with ham , egg , and cheddar . really great . laid back atmosphere and good prices .
delicious . try the french vanilla !
i really liked this place . totally delicious food , reasonable price , and they gave us some baklava on the house !
it's a solid neighborhood hardware store . good selections of miscellaneous hardware for older homes . my kids love the free popcorn .
excellent food and service ! the place was super clean and yummy ! can't wait to go back .
very good customer . store clean they match offer . have it open until . pm would be good on weekend .
best mexican food in the state of massachusetts . the flavors are spot on !
beautiful place . great selection . greenhouse has a selection unique and healthy plants . lynn is awesome .
what's not to like ? richie's slush , frozen yogurt including coffee toffee and ice cream . i thought the prices were fair .
very professional and punctual ! will definitely use again ! the young man that picked me up was very nice .
quick prompt service . beautifully remodeled . classy and in a great part of downtown .
best fucking chowder on the east coast . order this shit by the gallon and take it home .
this place is amazing ! love the food . raviolis , pasta and pizzas are delicious ! have to try the rest . highly recommended
great place for coffee . the chairs weren't so comfortable , but the ambiance was great . nice menu for drinks .
visiting my kids in college . and we ended up at this restaurant . old school comfort food ! we loved everything !
love this place . great burgers and drinks . never had a bad expereince here , my favorite little neighborhood secret . .
my favorite part about jin's is the hot and sour soup as well as the lunch buffet .
great vibrator selection . very helpful and knowledgeable staff . fair pricing and easy parking . my new go to for toys .
decent coffee . nice atmosphere and ambience . good for a short rest stop during dates ?
yummy snacks and creative fun drinks ! everything on menu looks good i'd go back for sure .
rebecca was very good , but amanda's class made me feel like i was in a nike commercial .
i love going here for brunch . great service and great specials . my favorite thing on here is the burger
i attended a funeral at the club house . the place looks amazing and the food after the funeral was very good
excellent meal and todd the server was fantastic . you'll probably need to get more pork .
amazing food , kind service . highly recommend the tacos , the quality is the best i've had in town .
huh . i think it's pretty good . good prices , cashier was polite as was the bagger . i'll keep shopping here .
great cocktails , consistently good food , great atmosphere . this place , mandrake and tryst are the best in beverly .
thanksgiving dinner in season manager mike and max was awesome service was great .
come for the pizza squares and espresso , stay for the flaming lips and good vibes .
another great service experience with david maus toyota . just friendly and they always make sure i'm happy .
the owner is very personable . the ambiance is relaxed with great drinks and amazing wood fired pizza . very impressed .
foodie from sf approves this place . excellent !
wings were the best i can remember having . waitress was very patient with my drunk friend .
i ordered the smoked wings and a fried chicken sandwich . both were excellent and the service was great too .
love this place . the hookah is excellent . oh , and the greek fries here are absolutely delicious !
this place is incredible . the same can be said for sabertooth bakery . i'm obsessed .
i loved both concept and food . although for kids the only fool proof signature bowl is sause of the border .
a wilmington institution and a great guy will be missed .
a great place for a car wash for only . . vacuums are free . the wash does a good job .
always a pleasure renting at the atl hartsfield airport enterprise . staff is professional , courteous , and greet you with a smile .
best . savory . pies . ever . and the sweet ones aint' to shabby ! seriously , excellent !
consistently good thai food . decent prices . have once in a while gotten take out ordered messed up or missing rice .
really awesome hang out bar and restaurant comfortable for any ages . good atmosphere , service , beer and food .
amazing . that's all you need to know from entering to exiting . the service is exquisite .
average quick haircut , very friendly staff .
these guys are cool and very friendly . more than reasonable prices . highly recommend coming here for your bike needs .
exceptional breakfast , brunch comfort food at a great price . worth the stop if driving through east portland on i .
food was amazing very fresh ingredients in my breakfast burrito . delicious ! service was wonderful as well .
delicious food , and amazing service ! they literally have the best cheese plate in all of portland .
there german chocolate cake is incredibly delicious ! rich , flavorful , perfectly chocolate ! thank you !
this is legit gelato ! reminded me of the gelato i had in italy ! best ever ! good job gemelli !
place has everything ! awesome bar , great conditioned bowling lanes , fantastic service , games for days ! i'll be here quite often .
great food , spicy scallop roll . best in boston . service is friendly and attentive . i go here every time i need sushi .
they accommodated our large group with no problems . everything we got was delicious . our server , courtney , got everything exactly right
cold beer . reasonably priced . awesome spot to watch the match . definitely going back .
lots of pastry options . yummy breakfast sandwiches . i had mine on the sprouted grain . delicious . bagels too .
yummmmmy ! the pizza was delicious , the pasta was scrumptious and the cinnamon rolls . whew ! i loved all of it !
futbol . micheladas . sangria . tacos . sunshine . brunch . ceviche . mango habanero margarita . patio . authentic interior mexican food . takoba .
great sushi here . the sashimi is good and the aburi nigiri is excellent . highly recommend checking this spot out .
the ladies working here are always extremely friendly no matter how busy . the product is starbucks typical , good .
loved the atmosphere , must try the 'quebec whaaaaa ? ' pizza . a nice combination of ribs , chips and cheese .
great sandwiches , try the turkey bacon avocado , excellent prices and a friendly , clean environment . we'll be back !
went to breakfast today and it was great . great service and excellent food . clean and friendly environment .
cute place , love their moscow mile slushie
my husband and i loved coming here ! it's such a great chill atmosphere , good food , and great drinks .
excellent americano . the dark is strong but not overpowering . drink is well balanced and smooth .
local ! they roast in small batches on site . great atmosphere , super friendly customer service , a real local jewel .
go for their yakisoba or teriyaki ribs or pork and you can't go wrong . large portions and fair prices .
great pho anytime of day or night !
these guys were great ! good communication and highly efficient . i would definitely recommend . best pricing around town as well .
the service is really perfect and very caring for its customers good server shoul i zhang
referred by a friend . tacos are amazing ! loved the shrimp taco . friendly staff . cool decorations . tacotuesday !
i really enjoy coming to tokyo sushi ! staff is friendly , food is delicious and the prices are great !
great little sub shop , only a couple of tables but a good selection of hot foods in addition to subs .
great pizza i ate slices ! daaaannnggg ! deliciosa !
had issues with my heating . maintenance team came that day and fixed it . great job ! and friendly ppl
yum ! went for st time just yesterday . i could eat there again , today ! so , tasty !
the insalati and zucca ravioli salty and sweet are heavenly . great service . great lunch specials . i love this place !
good place , awesome staff , delicious food , fantastic
great pub food . fresh brewed beer . good location . only slight against it is that it's relatively expensive .
earl grey milk tea with j's ! order it , thank me later . burp .
second time in and the food was just as good or better than the last !
tony the magician comic is incredibly funny and entertaining . could not stop laughing .
great place to grab a beer and have a great burger . i would highly recommend this place .
it wasn't as big as i expected , but the selection of thrift western wear was pretty nice .
amazing hummus and brisket . we enjoyed the chicken shawarma sandwich as well . quick , self service .
great staff that's educated about the product that's available . really like the green clean certified rating on certain greenery .
awesome , everything was clean and perfect , the cast was too careful with everything i really felt safe . love this park
love this place food is great drinks are awesome best mai tai but cut back on the ice please
haven't been here but just watched shane dawson conspiracies and have so many questions
wonderful adventure . challenging puzzles . creative scenario . fantastic hosts who guide you through this fun experience .
great prices and service ! bought an iphone plus for much cheaper than the apple store !
steve was great in working on my favorite shoes and very reliable .
absolutely the best ny style pizza in town . perfect crunch , no flop , and great ingredients ! well done .
best greek chicken wrap i have had in quit sometime . fresh lettuce and chicken was cooked to perfection .
did take out from virginia avenue store hapeville , ga . it was delicious excellent ingredients , well prepared , and cooked to perfection .
best mexican food tacos are delicious . burrito are . delicious . follow covid rules . price is cheap and affordable .
a great take out delivery restaurant . food choices are good and portions are over the top . excellent !
we dined here for the first time and really enjoyed our meals . nice friendly environment . good service . no complaints .
great place for a latte . fantastic looking pastries . perfect place for a satirday morning breakfast .
everything from here was delicious especially the bowl where you add your own ingredients , the best tofu ever !
jen and dave are awesome ! so encouraging and really care about their clients ! would highly recommend ta fitness !
fantastic food great service and consistently delivers .
quick , easy to order , fresh and healthy makes anyone soon to be eating very happy !
awesome place for breakfast ! i had the french toast and it was delicious and reasonably priced .
what a find this was ! great burritos and super nice people ! lucky find . will remember this for future lunches . .
love this place and so does my husband ! awesome subs and salads
this place never disappoints . love the nachos . crawfish tostadas special is very good . and , of course , the lobster enchiladas .
this is the place to get a roast beef sandwich . to say this place blows away kelly's is an understatement .
great variety in the menu and they cut some of the steaks in house , so you can't lose with those !
i loved the scenery and the service was impeccable . i'll definitely be back . the soul food tastes legit !
javonica is the best server ! we had a great time . highly recommend brunch there . bottomless mimosas and bloody mary's !
i work around the corner and probably eat here times a week ! fresh , friendly , healthy , delicious !
excellent food . large portions . everything is fresh ! a great value . decor needs an update but is clean .
this place looks like a great mexican restaurant to eat in and it got great food and drinks .
love the food here ! fresh ingredients , simple dishes w complex flavors , affordable prices , in my lovely neighborhood !
awesome awesome awesome ! awesome staff , instructors , owners ! very family oriented ! great place to get some exercise and fun !
loved everything about the baos and fries . definitely going to be a regular takeout spot for me .
food is good and price is awesome ! the taste is authentic szechuan spice ! will definitely come again !
love it ! cute place , friendly staff and great date night food .
best sandwich panini i've had in portland . super nice staff . what more could you want ?
really great atmosphere and delicious ciders ! friendly staff great food !
loved this woodrows ! the inside outside bar is awesome . great staff and management
reliably good , fast service and food quality . we eat here several times a month as a result .
i love their vermicelli bowls , good spring rolls all around good place to get basic pho !
great oysters ! delicious ! shucked to perfection ! a must try is the build your own bloody mary station ! endless unique toppings .
great super nice bartender . unbelievable wines a little expensive haven't been upstairs yet
the moussaka here is sooooo good ! the stuffed grape leaves aren't too bad either . give it a try !
it was very busy tonight , being the day before easter , but still very good food service !
execellent chocolate and service . the tour was a little pricy but it was informative enjoyable
tony was knowledgeable , thorough , and explained everything he was doing through the process . highly recommend him !
just stopped and was recommended the buckwurst by the great staff . outstanding decision .
had the falafel over rice . so freaking delicious . super friendly staff . worth the minute walk from our hotel .
amazing happy hour . if craving shellfish , find jake's ! oysters , mussels , shrimp , oh my ! really good .
talented , talented bread bakers ! the olive bread is rich and flavorful and never fails to disappoint . quality , quality , quality .
best sicilian pizza ! i prefer it with eggplant , garlic , and fresh tomatoes .
nice clean restaurant . decent food for a chain . service was quick and polite . manager alan is great !
delicious food ! our waiter was very friendly . a little pricey but can't wait to come in for happy hour !
yummy food , excellent service and relaxed atmosphere . everything is good try it all you won't be disappointed .
tom is amazing ! love my nails ! years experience he rocks any style ! best in austin ! bomb nails
cute place and everybody is friendly . sushi is good and price is right , my kids loved it .
looooooved the cinnamon bread , i will definitely be going back for some more !
the end all be all in cocoa village . delicious food and excellent staff . worth every penny .
best dang food in orlando . korean bbq and baja fysh are life .
one of the best ones i've been to and the cashier nico super nice and really good with conversation
really cool vibe , great music , excellent drinks . definitely recommend if you're looking for a chill place to grab a drink .
great food , great customer service , and large portions . definitely recommend getting the lamb gyro .
food and service was amazing ! had the basil shrimp and soft shell crab for an appetizer . delicious !
great place to grab a quick lunch ! food is prepared perfectly and the staff is friendly and welcoming .
abodeon because you know who alvar aalto and you think he is damn sexy .
the boss is such a nice guy ! they really think for their customers ! their service is fast and quality proved .
best pizza of my life it is definitely woohoo ! as good as it gets !
the food was great . the service was sub par , but we were there during a really busy time .
consistent , authentic and portions are substantial . burritos are scrumptious . keep it up cilantro's !
super , super good . ordered the classic . i've had lots of poke before , but this was way beyond better .
the food is excellent ! you can tell these people take what they do seriously . you won't regret stopping here .
i love this place and i think it's amazing but , just wish they were open on the weekends .
excellent food and service stars for mark , marcos . looking forward to eat here again .
everything from our waiter bob to the dinner rolls , cocktails , entree and dessert was stars ! we will be back !
fantastic and unique mediterranean food in clintonville . one of our favorite places for a quick bite .
i love that they have grass fed burgers , and their veggie burgers are really good too .
i had a very specific request on short notice . crickets did a great job ! i would highly recommend !
jeff was great helped with everything and went out of his way to help . everything is great overall .
biscuit and gravy was delicious . best i ever had . about minute wait around am .
amazing food , great environment good customer service specially if you speak spanish !
clean flavors . great wine list . pull up a stool at the bar and indulge in their amazing apps .
jt does excellent work ! highly recommend him . worked with me on short notice and does a fantastic job !
friendly service , good food , good prices , and awesome trivia night and happy hour . enjoy the live music .
this place is like great coffee house . friendly and great outside patio .
fantastic ! really fresh food . all you can eat tends to not be the best , but it's great here .
the best pork burrito ive had in portland ! great owners ! they obviously take pride in what they serve .
possibly the best fried chicken i've ever had , and i've had a lot . great prices and solid beer selection too !
phenomenal food ordered the pikelia , which had lamp chops , gyro , french fries . simply delicious . well cooked . friendly staff .
rad local merchandise . vintage goods . funky custom t shirt printing . one of a kind little shop !
what a great place to get together for breakfast . i just enjoy the atmosphere and food .
salted caramel yogurt with chocolate crunchies ! sooooo good !
tasty menu with traditional pub options as well as more unusual scottish things . the owner is such a nice guy
it's the best store ! staffs are very friendly and helpful ! love every single person works for the store !
literally come here all the time . amazing delicious mexi snacks only for both of these !
good bagels and cream cheese ! fast service ! never had anything else on ther nenue , so can't comment on the food .
very clean , friendly , great atmosphere and good food . this place deserves the stars it gets .
very clean rooms , nice facility . friendly staff . great breakfast .
never a long wait , always friendly and helpful , and within walking distance . it doesn't get any better .
ami and brian run a killer place . come have a beer ! great atmosphere , knowledgeable about beer and just great people .
bartenders are beyond accommodating . never have had a bad experience here . a really great neighborhood bar .
love their halibut i grew up around this area and have many happy memories !
very neat place . the food is good and i love that they have vegan options .
cuco's is fantastic . cheap , delicious and unique . the best affordable mexican you can find in columbus .
fantastic coffee shop . lots of seating , yummy food , very friendly staff and owner . we will be back !
my favorite sushi restaurant . great prices and options , and the staff is extremely friendly .
i buy a loaf of fresh baguette every weekend for my week's supply . their mango rice pudding is delectable .
how delicious . the staff can be a bit grumbly but the subs are amazing . i wish they delivered .
kimchi fries . so good ! great flavor and such fun combinations . food is fresh and service is quick .
such a wonderful school , not only for students but for clients as well . highly recommend their services here !
great tasty food . super affordable for the quality . yummy chick pea salad
delicious drinks , food , and delightful staff ! love the old books used for menus ! such a unique experience .
stellar . excellent food , extremely knowledgeable and welcoming staff and great atmosphere .
food was phenomenal , had to wait excessively long though . go to the one on sixth street not guadalupe .
amazing food , fast and efficient service . i think their peanut sauce is the best i've had .
great quality smoothies . staff was very down to earth , helpful , and genuine . terrific service
excellent service , food entertainment and clean relaxing atmosphere . crew extremely polite and handicap accessible . a must see place to take family or parties .
service is fantastic , food is wonderful crabcake , batterfried shrimp , fondue oysters . good location , great happy hour .
thank you marilyn ! so much help . very informative . clean place . great options . fun spending time and learning . atm available . bueno !
edwin is the best . the nook is the best . wow . drinks are amazing and food is even better .
delicious food . combos come in generous portions . though it seemed a bit pricey to me .
a nice casual dining place near osu campus if you crave korean food and sushi . i love their gozilla roll .
food is always good . it's just a little sketch . if you can get past that , it's worth the trip .
all you can eat wings sunday and monday dinners ! delicious wings with quite a few interesting flavors !
our server kathie was attentive and very pleasant . food was delicious . only disappointment was we sat almost in the kitchen .
just went back a month ago to have my winter summer tires switched , super friendly and fast as always .
great food . great service . recommend highly . i have to be blown away to give stars . fyi .
if you have a long layover in atlanta , head to terminal e since the crowds are smaller . it's good .
cheap food . i recommend their yellow curry . it is a mustard type curry with mango and chicken .
pretty good . typical indian food in a buffet style .
great food . parking can be difficult best to go with a friend . liquor store right next door .
very good impossible burger ! the fries were a little too salty and hard but still not bad nonetheless .
great menu , food and drinks . friendly and attentive staff . nice space with indoor and outdoor options . highly recommend .
excellent service ! quick installation of our car battery and wipers . friendly staff , very helpful . highly recommended .
amazing food . great people and service . they care about thief customers and it shows ! highly recommended !
great event for families live stage performances , local artists and artisans , beer garden , workshops
what a place , the chai grits are amazing and the macaroni is really good . i highly recommend this place
really nice guys ! helpful and don't try to rip you off .
born and raised in kansas city . best bbq i've had in florida .
really good and worth the hype ! delicious glaze . creative ingredients . would happily go back and try new flavors .
best peruvian in orlando , no doubt . their yucca frita is amazing and the chicken is all time .
extremely clean , customer service is the best and the food was delicious ! will be back very soon !
always have good service and good food . i'm a huge fan of the fish tacos . i'm a loyal returning guest .
delivery was fast , calzone done just right , was delicious definitely ordering again
never crowded and the tellers are extremely helpful and friendly at this branch !
the staff was nice pleasant ! the food was great ! however the service was a little slow !
this place is cute in the summer . great place for people watching , drinks , and italian desserts .
the flavors are really bold and the price isn't exorbitant for ice cream of this quality !
i just love this place . most of there foods are very delicious . authentic thai restaurant
excellent calamari and very fresh sushi ! excellent full cuts of fish in the rolls with no minced artificial crap .
like it here . great beers . the . music is old and in need of a better choice . classic rock is better
delicious ice cream , fun atmosphere , and friendly employees . i would highly recommend this gem in reynoldsburg .
great service , amazing food that gives you the best taste of what local philippines food is .
great food and bar service staff . good range of well prepared , fairly priced , southwestern bent dishes .
beautiful view . awesome food except for breakfast . i'd stick to the lunch menu . loved it
get the stromboli ! staff is friendly and hootery great for pool darts or chilling
they are good , fast and affordable . absolutely recommend it for breakfast . this is my second time at the restaurant .
amazing subs and such a great variety to choose from . i love it !
the cheese burgers are the best with garlic fries . omg foodgasim
lovely club . spacious and cozy . great way to pass the time while waiting for a flight .
great breakfast tacos , some of my favorite in austin . also really good coffee
went here to find a cigar as a gift . damion was extremely helpful and patient ! thank you !
absolutely delightful . really unique dishes for the boston area . we enjoyed everything .
great restaurant for a theme park ! lots of food for your money . very tasty , quick service !
great service and a block away from stanley park ! off with first check in ! we will be back
hilarious guys , very welcoming and opening . professional and well done with a very neat and clean building .
authentic thai . very good . if you are looking for the real thai food , this is the shop you shouldn't miss .
i love this place is very clean i come there all the time whatever i want i fine there
ivan and dae were extremely helpful and answered all my questions thoroughly . would highly recommend these guys !
love craft warehouse and shop there every time i come to the northwest for all my craft needs !
love this place ! awesome location , great tasting and original food . great staff as well . definitely try the brussels sprouts
i loved the staff so helpful , service was great ! drinks were awesome will be back next weekend !
great food . friendly service . cheap prices . avoid the busy times .
simply fresh . ordered for birthday party , had a large selection with reasonable price
the beer is fantastic . i had an esb . you can bring your own food into this brewery .
starbucks are always good . i like the new flavor of coffee they have brought out .
lovely food great service and fantastic environment . we will definitely be back both in austin and phoenix
we live near by and have frequented this place . such wonderful , attentive and kind service . also such amazing value !
tastiest veggie spring roll i've ever had . delicious fresh veggie sandwich . fantastic prices .
pretty good ice cream with impressive variety . quantities smaller for same price as competitors .
great seahawks sports bar in vancouver . would definitely go back .
menu confusing , limited authenticity americanized service self service food good parking easy
the brazilian wax was amazing ! a million thanks to lena for her service . definitely coming back for my next appointment
so much fun and delicious food as well . also , try the grey stuff it's definitely delicious !
sushi was fresh and well presented . summer rolls were delicious . service was attentive , quick and friendly . will definitely return .
delicious food . great service . waitress very attentive and food came out at a timely manner . cute cozy atmosphere
sara at the bar is incredible and it's the coldest beer ever ! try the wings they're the bomb !
this pizza has become a favorite . consistently good , ready fast , friendly people .
wonderful little place to enjoy some delicious mexican food . we especially love the empanadas and pupusas .
vanilla is fresh ! went for the vanilla lattea ! they also sell growlers for you coffee lovers !
awesome club , ran by nice people .
amazing breakfast breads . i love the sourdough toast with a couple over easy eggs , avocado slices and bacon . so yummy !
always a great place to eat . huge variety of food . always friendly staff and bartenders . never disappointed .
we were most impressed by the beautiful court yard . unfortunately the raphael room is under renovation .
this place serves indonesian food at a very affordable price . will definitely visit again !
delicious burger ! felt like i was at someone's bbq . good beer selection . chill vibe . delicious calamari ! friendly staff .
if i'm going to th street to hang out , this is where i hang out . cool bartenders and it's chill .
fresh and deliciously moist . haven't been let down you .
delicious food , great staff , decent prices , great environment . try it , you won't regret it !
love this local mexican food . finally going switch our chipotle cravings to howling wolf orders !
a local favorite for sure ! love the lola bowls , ceviche and the service is always great !
amazing salon ! everyone is so nice ! specially berenice ! she is the best hair stylist in the orlando area !
the hamburgers are awesome ! best burger in boulder .
one of our favorite salem restaurants nice atmosphere great deck dining and service fun all year round
veggie burger was awesome . had the lavender mocha latte , iced . it was sweet and chilled just like the atmosphere .
great place ! amazing happy hour specials . wide selection of beverages . pizza was soooo good !
sicilian pizza , big tasty crust , great tomato sauce . 's place and decoration , good service .
bagels are great . occasional inaccuracies in orders , but friendliness and food make up for it .
an awesome salon offering the latest techniques to pamper you . visit once and you will never go anywhere else
variety of menu knowledgeable staff food presentation . taste of food cleanliness overall experience .
great place to support local artist . crafty . hip . check it .
way , way better than modern or mike's . from tiramisu to cannoli to pizzelles , you can't go wrong with maria's .
good ramen , fair priced and clean .
great vegan food . love the tea of the day and also the green goddess dressing on salad .
i love this place ! it far surpasses it's rank of th best restaurant on the north side of tualatin sherwood rd .
great menu . well executed . i'm happy to pay for the excellence but look elsewhere if you're super hungry .
best coffee on the south shore ! service and location can't be beat .
one of the few places in atl that i frequent . simple , but incredible food , and the service is always outstanding !
so good that even the batshit crazy homeless lady yelling about nonsense on a saturday morning wanted some .
good food at great price the baguette were indeed fresh had egg and cheese baguette and was yum
disney thinks of everything ! absolutely enjoyed riding on the monorail to get around from park to park o
been here twice this month and everyone is wearing a mask ! thank you for providing a safe place to shop .
i drive about min to come here for their vegan baked goods and coffee ! enough said !
tasty food , great music , friendly staff . ordered the original egg sandwich . coffee is self serve and high quality .
some of the best margarita pasta around ! fast , friendly service , great atmosphere , pasta was really good as well .
delicious and good service , a must try dish is the chiba with hard noodles and fatty pork belly .
i have been coming here for over years . milady has the highest quality products for her clients .
just got the best haircut from veronica . will totally be back to see her the next time i'm in town .
great pastries and good prices . i recommend it to all pastry lovers . original and authentic .
good place to get work done or get dessert on a week night since they are opened till pm !
one of the best vegan sandwiches in austin . tator tots are perfectly done . love this place .
great place . a little loud so don't expect to have easy conversation , but fun .
i agree that this is one of the better managed chipotle's around . friendly staff adds to a great burrito .
friendly staff , yummy beer and the sticky toffee pudding is absolutely delish !
clean , organized , very nice staff .
lots of food , cheap price . watching my calories so had steamed chicken and rice . excellent value .
had an italian sub here yesterday . it was gigantic and fresh . i'll definitely come back when i'm in the neighborhood .
had the new orleans omelette ! andouille sausage , shrimp and gouda ! yum !
fantastic customer service from folks who enjoy their job . i'm also pleased with the extensive and inexpensive book selection .
vegan pizza , from crust to cheese its vegan , unable to take a pic coz i was too hungry ! lol ! yummy !
best fried chicken ever ! fun atmosphere ! expect to wait in line for awhile , but totally worth the wait !
very good drinks , service and interesting menu . very reasonable .
these guys did a great job on my business cards . quick turnaround time , too .
sexy environment , beautiful food options , unique cocktails and a serving staff that remains consistent .
even with a long wait it's totally worth the hype .
this bar was my first tiki experience in portland . overall great ambience with friendly staff . the drinks hit perfectly thanks guys !
people either love or hate anna's . i love it . it's fast , cheap , and a mere few blocks from my apartment .
good service , great beer options . easy in and out location in the heart of harvard square .
the service was outstanding . food was great . seafood was super fresh . great atmosphere with a hip and attractive clientele .
great purchase last month bought a bed upgrade for more great value free delvery service also .
seriously wow . i mean . wow .
delicious fresh turkey wraps and other sandwiches as well as homemade soups . also great ice cream frappes and sundaes .
the best lime pana cotta ever ! sweetest staff and relaxing cafe vibe when you sit by the front windows .
really enjoyed the greek fries , hummus and pita bread . will definitely be going back !
we wouldn't think twice about taking our dog anywhere else ! great service , amazing care very professional .
friendly , professional , efficient . also a reasonable price . best place in the area to take dry cleaning . love the drive up entrance .
this evening i ordered teriyaki beef and chicken egg foo young with homemade ice tea . food and staff was great
perfect place to sit on the patio and enjoy happy hour . great happy hour options and delicious offerings .
i like theo , he has great sub and fries ! all other bad reviews need to check their pizza privilege .
almond toffee and a vanilla were amazing . donuts are really cronuts in my opinion . don't care , still delicious
oh my there's not enough time to review all the goodness just know this marine approves !
very authentic food . delicious pad see ew . generous portions . extensive selection of thai cuisine . modest restaurant with beautiful ceiling decor .
very impressed ! great quality and deliciousness . i will be frequenting this one
excellent service ! avocado toast breakfast was awesome ! thank you !
i love the austin flying saucer ! fantastic selection of brews , sunday brunch , and excellent seating arrangements .
good place , good price , good service . quite noisy but that's acceptable .
we loved it . brand new , clean , breakfast all day , open at minutes away from sea world hotels area
heck . yes . i love their wings . wings fries ranch blue cheese . not bad !
their creme brule is to die for . food is ok . atmosphere is good .
been here before always excellent service and food . this time they forgot to give me silverware lol . food still great .
excellent beer , great spot to pop in and have a beer with friends . staff is excellent !
i had the love migas ! hands down one of the best breakfasts i have had ! service was great .
we had a great experience eating here ! the feta veggies pita was phenomenal . rachel was an excellent server !
probably one of the best margarita pizzas in town . very authentic . great service , great food for a good price
the food here is always great . try their dirty rice ! the service is also top notch ! i love this place .
amazing vegan food ! i had the chilli cheese fries and smothered chicken plate . i can't wait to go back .
excellent work . quality workmanship . sincere business . full of great information . fair price . timely
best restaurant for the best price . they are super friendly and the food is sooo good !
great coffee . very good food . employees are not warm and fuzzy but will definitely be back .
my go to nail salon in orlando . ask for ring to give you a sns mani
best barbecue ! well worth the wait and the employees owner know how to keep the line running smoothly .
very friendly staff and authentic taiwanese food . generous portions at a great price . highly recommended .
the staff are really nice and they have new mini buns which are pretty comparable to the average size cinnabons .
beautiful dip manicure . very satisfied ! definitely worth the half hour drive !
ambiance check car parking valet ehhhhhhh could've been more efficient food check would i come back check !
first time here . the tacos were very california style . will be back . today i had tripas and carnitas .
trudy's ist mein lieblings restaurant in austin great for breakfast !
absolutely my favorite poke bowl in columbus ! fresh , delicious and great choices for everyone !
can't get a better tanning spot ! little pricey but worth it , clean beds , experienced staff , good hours .
my favorite is the pb j and the pulled pork is good to . let's just say they picked the right name .
went for a mani pedi . scheduling online was a nightmare , but the services , facilities , and staff were great .
the curries taste very good here . i like thai food overall as it has indian type of coconut curries .
clean comfortable competent reasonable . i especially like the addition of soothing asian music .
white chocolate mocha is the best ! long line but moves fast .
i appreciate that this library is open late on most weeknights pm and on saturday's . thank you mpl !
the absolute best subs and pizza that money can buy . and family owned and run for years !
they have the best fried calamari i have ever had . fresh and crunchy but not much flour and oil .
awesome food , all of it ! popular place , so longer waits on the weekends , but worth it .
simply the best . the breakfast tacos are mean . treat yourself
love love love the spicy ramen tofu at marukin ! my favorite . the edamame side is also really tasty !
some of the best soup i've ever had . right off the brookline village stop . try the chicken vegetable
fast , friendly , quality service . we've gotten many alterations done here and always had an outstanding experience .
mango supreme shaved ice was so good ! so was their matcha shaved ice . will definitely come back for more !
danielle is the most amazing colorist i have found in atl ! she definitely worked her magic on my black hair .
silly name , somewhat dirty , slow service but . wait for it . epic food .
nice little restaurant and super cheap ! got the chicken quesadilla platter . was super cheesy ! will definitely go back for more !
great chinese food , most authentic . the atmosphere could use some help and the wait staff is very attentive and pleasant
my service advisor jason wolk goes out of his way to accommodate all my questions . he's an all star !
i went here . you go here . we'll be happy together . don't order steak . just the pizza . just the pizza .
the prices are amazing , you can't bear the quality if this produce for such a steal .
some of the best burgers i've ever had ! good vibe and cute outdoor seating area . solid beer selection as well .
great place ! modern facility ! clean and good polite staff . good place to become a member !
mocha cherry ice cream was undoubtably delicious !
best service and most delicious food ever . would recommend this place to anyone and our waiter nic , a
highly recommend ! delicious food , good service , and the chef sent out a complimentary app because it was our first visit .
great food , great service great price ! go right in for best results and the will seat you . forget open table
yummy beef taco and chicken with avacado sauce . good price and i will be back . yummy !
love this place . it is near our house and the food and ambiance are great ! great brisket !
you are in great hands with these incredibly talented , well educated women !
clean , delicious , and a terrific value .
new to the area and so glad we found one of our favorite burger joints . great food , great service
love this place ! an absolute must ! great food and service . bring back the chicken flautas !
dr . brad takes good care of us . he's quick and effective . we recommend this business .
great local grocery . it's the same friendly people every time . they sell beer growlers with usually options
self . services . machines . most genius idea ever . just mailed my ex the last of her things . at pm at night !
very good bubble tea and smoothies and the staff are super friendly ! i hope this place stays
smoked beet hash is one of the most delicious things in the city . love this spot .
tried their smoked salmon penne , pretty amazing stuff . it's not on the menu but just ask for it
good and fresh jajangmyeon is hard to find . my favorite has been here so far !
me likey . good brekkie tacos and migas , cheap food . lunch is good too . salsa is spiiiiiicy . yum .
this was a surprisingly delicious pizza . i had a slice of the 'carnivore' . good choice .
we've had a few team dinners here and the food and service is always great !
very tasty jack's buster , egg , hash brown , bacon , covered with cream gravy . pretty nice pecan bye too , and friendly staff .
excellent service especially by one of the employees named willy or wilfredo ! helped me with everything i needed !
this is my favorite barber shop in austin ! great barbers , awesome location , and good vibes while your in the shop .
tasty options at affordable prices . love the sopes .
i love this little cart and the people who work here . so friendly !
parking and crowds aside , it is a nice place to eat . avoid the lunch rush and get some green salsa .
the ice cream is good , the prices are good , the young people tending to the customers are nice .
delicious vegetarian caribbean food ! everything was delicious and the samosas , patty's , etc were good too .
margaritas fish taco spicy beef taco chip and guacamole . crispy ribs service ambience
good atmosphere and delicious italian food . you get the same north end italian dining experience at al fresca .
incredible selection , beautiful space , terrific staff that are extremely helpful and friendly . best comic spot in portland imo .
we have dined at hudson a number of times and have never been disappointed . great atmosphere and wonderful service .
i've been here a few times now and have always had a good experience with pedicures and manicures .
wine list is superb . service is above average for boston . staff are down to earth . view is amazing .
fast , friendly , clean ! love this place and always asks me what kinda pizza i want up at the buffett !
the chicken chimichanga and taco salad it so freakin good ! great prices ! parking in the back !
great haircut , nice conversation , awesome service . i will definitely be back . thanks sam .
fresh ingredients , good prices and great service ! very clean and spacious with good seating .
the foods are authentic ! love this place . the delivery guy is so nice . pricing is reasonably too .
good standard mexican fare . strong drinks and great specials during the week . i go here all the time !
made my grill look like new again ! they did an amazing job and so friendly too !
franklin's offers more than food , it gives you an unforgettable experience with food that's out of this world .
everything we ordered was great . definitely coming back when i'm back in town . excellent food and service .
solid food drink , unpretentious atmosphere appropriate for austin .
the food is good ! the burgers are worth the trip and the fries and onion rings are good !
awesome place ! great little spot for music . laidback atmosphere . love it and will be back again
great place , open saturdays , friendly staff ! parking next door . got in for an appt very quickly !
very fast , very tasty , very friendly . so glad i stopped ! try the hongo if you're not into the meats . nailedit
perfect little coffee bar in clarksville . be careful during peak hours , parking may be difficult !
authentic chinese food ! my only comment on yelp , simply because this is too good !
tom yum soup and drunken noodles are a great way to keep the heat going . perfect level of spice .
my go to place when i'm craving chinese food ! i love their crab rangoon and lobster sauce !
beating a dead horse by now , but this place deserves the credit . amazing sandwiches , pastries , and everything in between .
mongolian beef and sweet and sour chicken were great !
delicious but no to go containers . and why is there no tofu options ? what world are we living in ?
they did an outstanding job on my daughter's teeth ! excellent service and staff is extremely helpful .
great coffee , great service and a diverse atmosphere . there's a spot for just about every mood .
comfortable environment , tasty healthy food , extremely nice staff and diverse music selection loved it
great bbq . almost worth the wait . you can also reserve your meat weeks in advance on their website . an austin landmark .
enjoyed an amazing meal that was authentic indian ! this is the real thing , not americanized ! loved it
great food and service ! spike our server was awesome ! plus the place is clean . so five stars all around !
one of our favorite places . love the greek food and pizza is the best . service is fabulous
friendly staff and the food i've found is tastier here than the other kfc i have tried in surrey .
first visit today and the food was very good . prompt service and friendly staff . we'll be back .
very nice ambience . good tasty beer . prices are on spot . beautiful antique items to see . pretty cool spot .
great tavern atmosphere . good food nice staff . thanks for a fun time ! serves pitchers .
it's no surprise why antico always makes the top of the list when talking about authentic pizza . the hype is real .
shou zhua fan taste good here . but the price is little bit high , take out is very quick and friendly .
love this bar . come here every time i'm in boston . great irish music and good drunks .
fantastic pizza ! a large , diverse menu of dink options . great local spirit and super convenient .
really great indian food . huge portions very friendly service . highly recommended .
great place ! go to the bar in back , they've got cent wings and caipirinhas . super friendly service too .
hands down the best wings ive tried anywhere . i have dreamt , traveled , and flown for these wings . don't miss these !
great shop ! michael is awesome . best cut i have ever had , no joke . check them out .
wonderful experience having brunch here . kelsey was friendly and pleasant a ray of sunshine the frittata was tasty
two solid meals here . quick and friendly staff good if you have a family of people with different tastes .
i haven't gotten one thing i did not like here . service , price , and quality , all amazing .
great food but extremely overpriced . for three people , two of which didn't even have entrees .
i had dinner with gabby she's the best food was good . will definitely be back to eat and drink again
enjoyed our late night evening having dinner at the park . service was good , and food was great .
this place is a harvard square classic . you should try it next time you are nearby .
such a great place . nice atmosphere and the food is tremendous ! so nice to have a vegan restaurant !
best mexican food in the area hands down , no need to try anywhere else just come here
camille is very skilled , professional , and friendly . her offices on beacon street are spotlessly clean . great experience .
great location inner southeast . friendly and knowledgeable barbers . thanks for a great buzz cut kyle !
this is a delight surprise of my short stay in portland . taste was great and the owner was very friendly !
panuchos with extra hot hot sauce . bomb ! they come to ne bennett st on wednesdays around p !
excellent selection , especially for super light titanium frames . very helpful staff , and quick service !
great mexican food , been here a few times . i love there taquitos and queso ! would def recommend this place
very large portions , very messy which is good ! , and we enjoyed our meal quite a bit .
yummy sushi ! some of the best i've had in boston . nice decor . bad service .
they have weird looking donuts which taste fairly good .
this place impressed me . food is nice and fresh , low calorie options too . curry salmon was the bomb !
i love viva ! if you want flawless eyebrows look no further savannah is your girl !
best brunch i've ever been too . beyond impressed with the food ! corned beef hash . do it .
favorite neighborhood spot . food and service always good . very accommodating for kids .
authentic puerto rican foods . great selection , friendly staff and reasonable prices . i will definitely go back !
this best in town and probably elsewhere ! my gibson hummingbird sings again ! thank you erlewine guitars !
my favorite place . the owners are wonderful and talented people !
jay was so knowledgable and made my first mattress buying experience super easy ! thanks for catering to my specific needs .
exceptional counter service ! the son runs the front and mom cooks in the back . delicious northern phillies !
the hummus is absolutely amazing and the owner is so friendly . i highly recommend this local spot .
everything here is absolutely delicious . chocolate cream pie is a must try . great bakery .
the food was great and very reasonably priced . they have great half priced drink specials on thursday , friday , and saturday .
it's solid . better than echo which was in this location last . great soft pretzel and cauliflower
very good food and presentation is suburb . wait staff attentive . pricy , but worth it .
affordable price . nice clean room . pleasant employees . will stay again . thanks
just would like table ordering love their food specially the catfish and i don't like catfish
the best sushi i've had in a long time . great decor and atmosphere , hypster bohemian crowd . lovely and lively !
very helpful and great service ! creative arrangements and great value for price thanks again !
fun place . good food . great drinks and very nice staff . fun place for big group or work gatherings .
addicted to thier vegetarian pizza , and i am not a vehitarian ! lol . don't tell everyone about our secret though .
i finally got to check this place out . another place in the history books are on my bucket list .
great tacos at a reasonable price ! nice outdoor picnic tables to sit and enjoy them at
great food great coffee , super friendly will come back next time i am through vancouver
phil is the happy greek ! he was an amazing bartender . most definitely will come back .
this is the premier spot for good cigars , good music and good times . i will most definitely return
perfect combination of fresh ingredients and flavors . smoked tofu prepared the same as the pork , really delicious !
it's all about the atmosphere , great service and good baked beans !
best carpet cleaning service in columbus . professional , knowledgable staff .
my year old drove a car ! an actual internal combustion vehicle . over and over again . what's not to love ?
sushi was well presented and tasted fresh . price was moderate . close to omni resort where we were staying .
small stall in the middle of the mall . long queue usually but service turnaround is very quick .
we love synergy ! my daughter loves all her teachers . i would highly reccomend this dance studio to everyone i know .
very tasty food plus a great little market . they had five different types of feta . the service was also wonderful .
very good shaved ice large portions but reasonable if you're splitting with someone else . would recommend !
i went here a second time and got the express wax . i was very satisfied for the price .
just great food at an affordable price ! their fried shrimp competes for the best in orlando !
ordered the chicken cesar wrap and a large mango smoothie . very pleased with both of them . definitely will be returning
ramen is good . craft beer available . it's inside a building , not very visible from outside .
massive dynamite rolls , super thick sashimi , and super tasty tuna cones . i would recommend arriving hungry to this joint .
food , service , and everything was excellent when our clarkston senior group went for lunch today .
best ribs ever ! just good bbq in general . and the sauce he has . wow . i could use it on everything !
been eating here for over years . words chipotle duck enchiladas !
nd best lemon pepper wings ever . i would give stars but server was annoying and not proactive .
great place to eat wings ! service was fast for it being a crazy busy night ! thomas was a great server !
excellent addition to the neighborhood . delicious creative pizza . exceptionally friendly staff . my current favorite is the grindr sandwich .
excellent guac ! had the steak tacos . perfect end to a long day at disney .
love this place ! not a drinker but their food is amazing ! great place for the neighborhood .
free pickles . big sandwich . super fast . great for lunch during the work week , i grab it about once a week .
consistently good quality and above average service . i've called and just stopped by . never a bad experience
i got a chance to visit this supermarket a few months back . great deli ! fresh produce . love the avocados !
best thai restaurant in atlanta . the food is always delicious and the service is always great .
best guys in the business . they treat every customer like a good friend . their work is excellent .
good pizza , great steak bomb wrap . have been there few times , decent place for lunch . quick service .
great dip powder manicure and regular pedicure .
its expensive and they really push the training sessions hard , but excellent facilities and location .
really good ! maybe it's not perfectly authentic , but this is a tasty , trendy place with fresh bao .
legit mexican food . tortillas are real . the breakfast there is addicting . i try to go every time i visit austin .
best tacos ever ! i have tried other mexican restaurants and nothing compares to this place !
best bloody mary's in town , or ever ! great food too ! very cozy place and great staff !
one of our favorite early morning stops . get there early or you'll have to wait .
a very neat deviation of the standard poke bowl . i was visiting a friend and it was very convenient .
got what i needed nothing special in the store just ordinary . just like others around .
super sweet staff , delicious food , and a really clean bathroom . had an amazing time !
i love main street usa and magic kingdom it's like going back to another place where everything is fun !
i love this place ! if you think eating healthy is boring and bland come let honest mary's change your mind .
sienna is amazing ! between two weddings and numerous proms , we always left feeling beautiful . her tailoring is impeccable .
good buffet . nice selection . not sure how fresh but prices are good . would come again . good for tourists . inexpensive .
wonderful times ! great music !
amazing restaurant . my husband took me here the night he proposed . very elegant and nice ! the food was great !
i get my eyebrows waxed here and they do a great job . they are also taking great precautions for covid
fantastic beer , fantastic staff , beer selection is incredible , and the food never feels like you're eating bar food , it's great .
the food is outstanding . great selection with healthy choices . fresh squeezed orange juice . people service were awesome !
love this place . also they have surprisingly good mixed drinks .
this doesn't feel like atlanta . and that's why i like it .
authentic thai . love this place . i am going to go there everyday for the next months . see you there .
best gluten free baked good selection i've ever seen . the tarts are tarty and amazing . love a good tart .
two friends have worked here . lots of friends spend time here . great coffee , food , people , and more !
great chili . great beer flights . right on the river which is a bonus . has live music too
we recently had a service call from our technician , lonnie collins . great work lonnie , we appreciate great service !
these are hands down the best tacos in atlanta . we know because we've tried all the options .
the front desk staff were all wonderful , and my massage was really nice . i'd come back .
great spot for cheap tasty food around the disney area ! tons of sauces to try which is fun .
amazing food , fantastic service , and awesome authentic environment . i will come back here !
excellent experience . great layout and free internet friendly staff always very busy
bruh hoop anytime you want it's free everyone is super nice i'm there all the time slide on in
really enjoyed the southern scramble and mango mimosa ! marlon gave excellent service ! i'll definitely come back .
amazing coffee , great service , peaceful environment . will definitely be coming back .
this place is really nice and it has good spicy chicken ! they have homemade ranch and real cane sugar soda .
love the sushi rolls from this place ! the food is also portioned well and priced reasonably
super fresh sushi , great service and awesome vibes ! make sure to try the musubi ! it's amazing !
the best coffee and espresso drinks ever . the most knowledgeable staff . friendly and warm environment . great place all around .
solid bloody mary and bartender banter , at this commuters respite . tyler should be promoted .
you can't beat the greek food at the annual greek festival . it's on my annual must do list
absolutely delightful . amazing food , service and wonderful owners . great part of downtown sanford . lovely outdoor seating . you can't go wrong .
i get just a straight up manicure , no gel or paint or anything and they do a fantastic job .
the cashier was really nice and helped me with my drink orders . it's just really busy here !
excellent . small , not a lot of seating , but well worth it . try the sicilian slice you won't regret it !
great ambience . haven't tasted the wines but fell in love w the dessert menu !
tasty egg omelette with bacon . the place is a bit to dark for me
great food , great service , great price . love shabu !
food is awesome , and the view is spectacular . place itself is a breath of fresh air and light !
delicious avocado smoothie with sister ! a bit pricy but very clean and beautiful inside seating
excellent service from initial quite to finished job . we would highly recommend dermot his team !
really good food ! the bagel and 'lox' was so delicious . the shawarma bowl is also amazing .
the best ! nothing else to say ! ryan was awesome and the food best italian experience in the atl
great pho ga's ! very family friendly , food is delicious , customer service is excellent . would eat here again
very authentic chinese food if you ask for the chinese menu ! recommend the tofu fish filet , spicy and very good .
nutella coffee ! one of my fav restaurants in orlando hidden gem
excellent . st time at g'raj and we were really pleased with the food . good flavour !
it's not like juicy crabs but it sure is good . everything we ordered was as expected .
laura is amazing . great at kerasilk smoothing treatment , color and cuts ! highly recommend this salon .
great place . ghetto location . excellent food !
my go to nail salon ! clean , professional , and friendly salon with talent ! will continue to come back every month .
great place with amazing views of the city ! close to the park , beltline and right next to venkman's !
hands down my new favorite in all of clark county ! great pizza , good happy hour great service !
great food and tasty soup . excellent waitress frequently comes by to make sure the food is okay .
they had exactly what i needed and were very helpful . wide variety to choose from . will come back !
this place is magically good at serving you a sifter of amazingly fresh delightful bier .
forget pazzo is attached to a hotel ! it's got a great menu , wine list , and ambience .
great pizza ! great beer selections ever changing ! a little music , and you have a great outdoor , laid back waterhole for any mood .
this was the best mexican i've had in boston . great little hole in the wall place . the chimichanga was delicious .
good cocktails , affordable wine and amazing pretzels . the bourbon mustard for the pretzels , so good !
cute , clean shop with delicious baked goods . the tiramisu cupcakes are phenomenal . nice staff , great prices .
yummy and fresh to made order . my favorites were the chicken and shrimp . also got plain churros delicious !
great food , great service and reasonable prices . the monte cristo was great , as was the fiesta scramble .
all embassy suites hotels are nice good people good services lace very clean and super nice people
really enjoy the shrimp fried rice and red curry . customer service is normally good as well .
great customer service . very detailed and hard working . explained everything to me and the price was reasonable .
a great find for hand made chinese rice noodles ! love the cutting noodles with curry , and the peking raviolis .
this location is soooo much better than the other one in atlanta . fresh good food and friendly staff !
fast friendly decent beer on tap . so cold it was icy highly recommend firecracker chicken and a sam adams
first time at cheers bar , makes you feel at home . fantastic burgers , super cold tap beer . excellent service . thank you !
i love this marshalls ! its really big and has a great selcion !
excellent service , advice and quality . always easy to contact and they never oversell you on a solution .
great service ! our waiter was super friendly and very attentive , fun environment karaoke night
excelent food . i'm recommended . the place is very clean . and nice location . the attention is good
i enjoyed myself the food is good and flavorful , the drinks are well made and worth the price , great ambiance
the food was delicious . fresh seafood . tender filet . extensive wine menu . one of our favorite restaurants .
never once had a bad meal ! pizza is fantastic and service is a ! favorite date night restaurant ! highly recommend
make sure you have some cash with you ! don't worry , the line moves quickly .
had great service . food is good for a hamburger place . unlimited fries . yum . all good
simply excellent per slice pizza . superb ingredients , chewy crust , everything that great by the slice pizza should be .
delicious thai food and affordable prices too .
been going for years . the portions are huge and flavorful . the taste is always consistent and the staff are friendly .
staff is always great . pizza always on time and the prices can't be beat . delivery guys are good too !
this place exceeded expectations ! food was awesome . the stew . mmmmm . have to come back !
my new favorite restaurant in portland . amazing view , outstanding service and excellent food !
amazing atmosphere . great experience . max two drinks and min . most of the time your standing . recommended for adults !
this place is so good ! cookies are massive and they're soft and taste so fresh ! literally a gift from heaven .
awesome cajun mexican style food . blackened chicken fingers and enchiladas are so good . chips and salsa come free .
sopes ! goat soup with homemade tortillas . everything is delicious . authentic dishes and abundant salsa bar . great service with a smile .
love love love this theather ! nice and clean , parking garrage is great . easy access to the movies .
great local , independent and oldest toy stores in portland .
very good food , service , and atmosphere . good date place . i liked the lobster ravioli .
big ole tasty tacos . friendly staff . very chill vibe especially the patio . what's not to like ?
got the works for brunch . had mal as waitress best breakfast ive had in awhile , healthy too
i see gina the manicurist shes great with my nails they always last long and look great
real authentic mexican food . the tacos are great . the staff are really friendy and awesome .
this company did an excellent job . i would recommend them highly . our trees look beautiful . george lafreniere
freddy is an amazing hair dresser ! super happy with the haircut .
well this place lives up to the hype . great sandwiches . quite expensive place though .
great mom pop seafood , fresh , good prices , good service . definitely recommend .
closed for renovations .
best mexican restraunt ever ! great service , great food , nice service , it all is awesome
nice outdoor seating . smoked chicken was delicious and brussels sprouts were amazing !
found this gem while walking around the lloyd district ! friendly employee and great tasting coffee !
crab spaghetti ! caesar salad ! outstanding ! stumbled upon ciao vito when we couldn't get into bollywood ! wow ! a great stumble !
omg super fresh with the awesome service . i will definitely come back ! gyoro , hummus , salad were all good
the bomb food . the owner is super nice . burgers taste pure and fresh . will be back .
this place is amazing ! the combination of flavors are amazing ! the desserts are out of this world delicious !
i crave the flavor of a new york city pizza and wait here for it highly recommended please .
beautiful , delicious sushi rolls and an attentive chef . i wish i had pictures to prove it . i'll be back .
very good crust and plenty of different toppings . i would definitely recommend this place !
cool junkyard . was shocked it was located in a man's backyard . he charges per party .
ordered a toro sashimi . tasted great and good service .
this location has some great and friendly employees , especially jennifer , who makes the best foamy latte in town .
amaaaaazing ! truffle rosemary fries , grilled cheese with fig and goat cheese , do i really need to say more ? burgers too .
excellent food and service .
dishes are excellent . no cans . great selection price is a great value . service is very friendly . i highly recommend .
delicious authentic chinese food . a hidden gem in austin . highly recommend the sesame chicken .
this is my new brunch place ! the owner personally explained the menu , great food , good vibe .
food is always great at any location but service can be hit or miss . this place is a hit
oooooo ! great frozen yogurt with fresh fruit ! it's great for summer !
loved it ! kemeyont keme gave great customer service and helped with special requests for my children .
great mac and cheese . small . but a nice atmosphere to go with a friend .
the best japanese cuisine in boston ! i will definitely bring back more and more friends in the future !
crispy , funky chewy bright delicious . not your usual chinese experience . definitely worth the hype
best . damn . chicken shawarma wrap . ever . also , try the baklava . best . damn . baklava . ever .
delicious food with great customer service . perfectly seasoned , relaxed atmosphere ! i would recommend for them sure !
nice selection of boots and their customer service is great . they helped me find the perfect fit for me .
great food and drinks along with nice service . love the sweet potato fries with honey and cinnamon on top .
what a fun place . food isn't bad either . i mean , how could it be ? you practically make it yourself .
i love their pork belly . that staff is really cool , and i highly recommend their cucumber margarita !
a b responded quickly and provided great service on my radiator . easy to talk with brant . top notch .
best ihop i have been to ! great , friendly servers and tasty breakfast food ! will return .
delicious cookies for your staffs and office . the quality and detail is what makes these gifts truly unique !
great food for the price . best part is the food is non oily . good place for a take out .
grabbed the carne asada and el pastor hella bur rito . red sauce has a kick . this place is legit !
cool bar . good location up on stark . some hella fun events and good drinks .
friendly staff and great remodel of an old , tired restaurant . great new addition to the village . must go !
damn good barbecue . if you're in atlanta around the airport , definitely come here . you will not regret it .
good veg options , and more importantly , very tasty , especially gobi biryani and paneer biryani . friendly staff , definitely recommended !
great service , great food . with the prices . romantic and cozy atmosphere will come back again and again .
this is a very pretty park with amazing views . i came here for fishing and really enjoyed myself .
very nice bar , nice atmosphere and great bartender . great place to chill with friends and try something new !
mmmm . pork belly banh mi was hot , crispy and very delicious ! did not expect much . exceeded expectations !
awesome ! yummy . i love the peppermint stick ice cream the staff is super friendly .
their pizza rocks . i always get good product and excellent service when ever i order from papa john's
great tour and very fun ! matthew is a fantastic guide so make sure to be in his group !
went late for dinner a couple of nights ago . very nice surprise . great food and service . killer cocktails too !
great local store ! i've shopped here for several years seeking that hard to find gift . highly recommend .
great tea ! and ice coffee ! awesome customer service i definitely see myself coming back and recommending it to my friends
pretty good overall got steakbomb and mozzy sticks , would do it again ! would not recommend to an enemy
very clean , a bit awkward how they did the mani pedi . lasted about weeks with shellac .
service can be sub par at times , but nonetheless , good food e . g . pan fried noodles , beef tendons , etc for good price .
if you love sushi , you must try sushi nami ! delicious food , skilled chefs , attentive server . all around amazing !
one of my new favorite places in boulder . the salmon poke role was out of this world .
yum yum so good . bacon was delicious . potato cakes were the winner . everything was delicious thank you
enjoyed the food but not the crowd peak lunch hour was my mistake
went there yesterday and enjoyed ! food was good , service good , atmosphere authentic . i would recommend !
delicious noodles and shabu hot pots . small and friendly , decor is minimal and beautiful . tucked away gem , highly recommend !
best lobster sandwich it was great and the clam chowder is bomb also you need to come to this place
always friendly staff and super delicious macarons ! recommend trying rose and lavender !
it's a chain but it's my favorite burrito and taco chain around . lots of salsas at the salsa bar !
cute , homey atmosphere , gracious and generous service , and delicious food the pie was to die for
i always come here for the grilled wings with hot garlic sauce gator chips . my favs !
shrimp and grits was amazing . staff and hospitality a . good food and service , i'll be back
knowledgeable staff and were able to direct me to another store for a product they didn't carry .
had an amazing time with my boyfriend last weekend . new to boston my friend recommended it to me .
great food , a little over priced . stars if it was a bit more reasonable . clam chowder is delicious
the beef bun rou jia mo was really great , although the noodles liang pi weren't quite as authentic as expected .
fun place with military discount . friendly staff too ! snack stand and prizes . arcade too .
delicious hole in the wall spot on cesar chavez for breakfast tacos ! definitely try the migas taco while you're there .
not a bad place , reasonable prices , good for takeout
hidden gem in korea town plaza . very cozy decor , good ambience and great tasting coffee .
very delicious food ! also has good vegetarian options . great service , very welcoming , and food comes out real fast !
three words fried oyster burger . do it ! you won't be disappointed . the poutine was also bomb
i always have a good meal here . it's pretty noisy and gets really packed so you better have a reservation .
fancy little thing . i asked for something with a hint of chocolate and they made me an excellent mudslide .
try their summer barbecue combination plate . i ordered ribs and meatloaf it was wonderful . you had other pick two choices .
excellent ! beautifully decorated space and comfortable seating areas . food was outstanding ! cash only somewhat inconvenient .
amazing smoothies ! the staff is wonderful and friendly ! everyone come to kale me crazy ! try the warrior !
very nice facility with wonderful staff . better collection as compared to several other towns .
love this spot ! so charming and yummy !
update , years later this place is going strong ! changing my review from to stars .
stumbled on a great ta pas in the area and can't wait to come back . mariana was the best
awesome food , still some service issues . i'm a huge fan of the local sourcing .
fresh , yummy home made malaysian food . delicious !
very solid espresso ! don't pass up this place , drop in , grab espresso , and leave a tip
annie gives the best pedicures , i don't go anywhere else !
refer to previous review . but also , if you haven't tried the pink champagne cupcake , you haven't lived .
small shop but great pizza . a large is huge . nice folks . wish they delivered and were open on monday .
good pizza , good people , good beer . see you next year slater !
this place is solid . they have some really cool stuff and have definitely done their homework !
best chinese i have had in a long time . thai curry chicken and mongolian beef are awesome !
love this place . great atmosphere , tea and breakfast items . the owner is also very supportive of the local community .
a professional spot to take clients . nice salads and lamb burger is solid .
delivery time was on point . salad , basil roll and cocoanut soup were great ! thanks grub hub for the recommendation !
one of the best brunch in boston . ! good location , good food with a live band on sunday
always fresh stuff ! def worth a trip there . a thousand times better than a supermarket !
catfish , shrimp , fries and sweet tea . . everything was good , but these sweet tea was average .
love this place ! the aristocrat is amazing .
everything is amazing . service is attentive . food is always drool worthy . never gets too loud . love it
yummy like no other asian style i have had before . very clean and service is almost overload !
great location awesome employees and sweet playground for the little one . best location
stars for the work . full detail inside and out my car looks like new . thanks arbor !
amazing workouts and phenomenal protein shakes . love it !
i give this place a star because norman is the best ! she always does a great job !
review on macarons only excellent macarons . the texture , flavor and sweetness were perfect . only . each .
came here for my boyfriends birthday and had a great experience . thai noodle salad with chicken was amazing !
best thai food in the tri city area . only open for dinner . decent service , great taste . inexpensive for two
i've been going here for quite a while , gigi is awesome and super polite .
some of the best pizza in town . love the san gennaro with the peppadews . yum . skip the salads though .
for a quick cheap lunch that's relatively healthy , this place is great ! the mediterranean wrap is awesome !
love the tom kha soup ! combine that with the bankrupt noodles and you are all set .
really great service . food was very good .
nice clean store and tons of great buys . get it today because it could be gone tomorrow . friendly staff too .
love this place ! amazing food , great atmosphere and fantastic service ! the steak nachos are to die for !
welcome to newton ! great beer selection , tasty fresh salad and truffle fries !
yummy food . the fajitas are amazing and margaritas on point . will be back next time i'm in town
my favorite coffee in town and the best , cheapest , most beautiful sandwiches made to order . love grendels .
try their french fries ! not healthy , but definitely one of the best i had in years !
los mariachis is tex mex comfort food , what else do you want . very affordable , good food .
great food and service ! sure it's a diner , but the patty melt is slammin' !
phillip was amazing . the service and attention to detail was second to none . we will definitely be back !
visited korea house yesterday for the first time . waitress was nice and very attentive . food was good .
they did a great job on carpet and tile and grout cleaning and are professional in every way !
cool place for drinks . i came here during their happy hour . i highly recommend their moscow mule !
a wonderful spa ! it is relaxing people are friendly the massage was superb . highly recommen
like the salad bar , many options and is clean although it's not cheap . haiku review .
this is an amazing place . the food is great and the service was amazing . there are ton of tvs .
catfish hash was fantastic ! so was the portobello burger . even the home made blueberry muffin was amazing . service was fine .
excellent pizza and wings . thin crust , amazing flavor and all around a great experience .
great coffee and even better bagel sandwiches ! bacon egg and cheese on an everything to die for !
longhorn classic breakfast amazing . full service bar at am ! ? why doesn't yelp have six stars !
these guys are probably the best most laid back hosts in the city . everyone is welcome and good darts
super cute place ! we had breakfast at the bar in the boom boom room . food was really good .
catered to our office especially delicious pecan pastry and pretty delicious seafood mini sandwiches !
this company rocks superior quality , delivered on time at the best price cannot ask for more
the hands down best steak salad in the state . drink selection is top notch and the service never disappoints !
exactly what you want for a quality breakfast . a step above other mom and pop places around .
great food , awesome variety even at the buffet . very nice people and excellent service . one of the best in austin .
fantastic workout led by enthusiastic and knowledgeable coaches . warm sense of community and kind front desk !
great place to grab brunch ! great menu and the staff is super friendly . loved our experience here
wow ! hot , healthy , filled with fresh grilled veggies , what a treat ! friendly service , quick , fairly priced , just a great experience .
great place for coffee , bagels etc . warm comfortable place with a great staff . great ocean view a plus .
more orchids than the national conservatory i shit you not . decent fern selection as well .
yummmmmy ! the first time i visited casey's was in college . i have been in love ever since . nothing quite compares .
best pizza ever ! the large cheese pizza and pitcher of beer special is my favorite .
the yaya pasta , red bean and rice , and jambalaya are all delicious . believe the reviews ! it's legit !
i went in to get my pontiac aztek's oil changed and a belt replaced . friendly staff and quick work .
my new fav place for tea and for hangout . great service . cozy place and relaxing music !
had a great experience . good service , very responsive , reasonable pricing and quality work
very nice and informative workers . would've liked a more diverse selection of edibles and some essential oils .
this place is great ! the fattoush salad is amazing and the falafel is the best in the city !
best place in lake mary . delicious food every time we come .
great classic family diner . love the paninis ! wish only they wouldn't use styrofoam for take away
great food great service great hotel . yeah baby second time here . and stuff and that and stuff
love this place . nice sitting area . just easy and chill
thank you again , chris .
i ordered to go from this place . love the wrap . staff is friendly and got my food on time
really liked the food and has a great atmosphere . would definitely go back again . try the dumplings
great food , great price , fast service ! we try to go during non peak times otherwise the wait is just too long .
not bad for an airport restaurant . nice ambiance does feel like you're actually in an airport . downside beers .
stopped here at random because we needed to grab lunch on the way to the airport . so delicious .
great selection of glass aaron was very friendly and helpful . definitely will be back !
have used these folks for years now . always prompt , reliable and great results every time .
amazing gelato . the blood orange was sublime . staff was super friendly . we'll be back .
great services and cute waitress . very great sauce . i like the white creamy sauce here .
awesome food and service . burgersare treat . fries are great , especially with the cheese and all beef chili .
love their frozen yogurt ! watermelon is my favorite ! haven't tried their boba teas or slushes yet
seriously , the friendliest customer service ever ! great prices , really quick turnaround . i would highly recommend !
amazing food and best service i've had any where in portland consistently after three visits so far .
the best food , the best staff love harvest so much and so happy it's a part of the neighborhood !
great practice ! professional , kind and considerate . dr . hajek's diagnostic capabilities are outstanding .
good service and environment ! roasted veggies are colorful and yummy
awesome lunch stop ! the staff is friendly and the food is tasty with healthy choices .
awesome breakfast tacos made with homemade tortillas . staff is super nice and helpful . great neighborhood spot
we stumbled upon sophia , and i am so glad . her reading was very pot , hopeful and helpful .
wow love flemings i eat their at least once a month . delicious appetizers and great ribeye steaks
excellent service and very good food cocktails . generous portions . very good for gluten free guests .
everything is delicious , especially the arepas con queso ! staff is great and they have perfect grab and go baked goods !
huge vegan and vegetarian menu ! daiya cheese and delicious sauces .
great brisket . get here early for lunch the lines are long , but well worth the wait .
still one of the best shops in town . great service , cool guys , great bikes and rock and roll .
great ramen . love the squid ball . fabulous
great salon . they offer lots of deals and have very dedicated and knowledgeable stylists .
they got great prices and they let you try some of the games in store and at the quay .
one of my favourite ramen bar in atl . flavorful broth and meats , perfectly cooked noodles . worth the wait ever
best teriyaki in portland . order a super combo with chicken breast , steak , and gyoza . thank me later !
food , service and environment are all just perfect ! refreshing experience and dfntly will come back again soon !
if it had a strip club in it , it would easily be the best place in the entire world
love maritime ! awesome customer service . best bud in town ! maritime is my choice !
this is my go to place near home . service is good . but you must come early because it gets packed !
the pizza is great . also is the subs . go supreme pizza . its the best .
awesome food ! initially the jerk chicken with bbq sauce threw i'm off but it was love at first taste .
the best onion rings i've had in the area . good pizza and fast arrives and delivery . bonus with kind drivers
quick , easy and reliable . would definitely recommend .
really , really good . they catered a class i was teaching and the food was remarkable .
chopped sandwich was pretty good . i don't think it lived up to the hype . sweet tea was really good .
good price and good food . also fast service great staff . i ordered the empanadas chicken and potato
consistently great food and nice atmosphere . we particularly appreciate the gluten free menu .
a family owned operation . very affordable , polite , and quick . i will definitely be going back !
great fast food halal place ! whatever you do , make sure you get the white sauce on your chicken !
well crafted breakfast sandwiches and delicious coffee . get the otom ! great friendly staff
this is our go to for cheap , quick and delicious chinese food . our favorite is the yu hsiang chicken .
good bottled kombucha . outdoor seating . friendly staff . great place to study or work .
great food , great drinks , cool little place to go in south boston .
hotel perfeito ! garagem , wi fi , academia e tudo que precisamos ensina volta . tudo limpo e arrumado quarto cheiroso e bem seguro .
best . supermarket . ever . chocolate , cheese , and frozen food heaven !
my favorite sushi place on this side of town . it's a little pricey , but delicious !
excellent customer service and took their time explaining everything to me and my daughter .
good food and great drinks . a bit loud so had to talk louder to hear each other .
super fun . awesome , just too many people felt compelled to push a few off the rock .
so wonderful the drinks , the food , the people . i'd visit everyday if i lived closer .
wonderful experience starr to finish . super professional . extremely knowledgeable . made me look like me only better ! love these ladies .
good service , fantastic food , great environment , kam owner is extremely welcoming !
delicious ! brisket is awesome and the peach cobbler rocks ! great place for bbq
first time me and my friends went here and we loved it . ju cream smoothie was delicious .
i highly recommend this rehabilitation center . the nursing staff and cna's are highly skilled , compassionate and very professional .
best pizza near to disney springs area . perfect spot to go after the parks . great service . highly recommended !
first watch will forever be a favorite of mine . great service and food time after time .
gotta come here for brunch and get the crepes ! multiple types and substitutions possible . not to mention the drinks
fisrt time here , food delicious and the service was great ! looking forward for next time !
excellent ambiance , great service , and awesome vegan options .
very good food . definitely a go to pizza shop with friendly ppl
i ordered for pick up pad thai , pineapple fried rice , spring roll , all very good taste . authentic thai food recommend !
amazing atmosphere , great food , fabulous wine list and wonderful staff . nothing but good things to say about this place !
excellent excellent kimchi ! lemon pepper wings and korean pepper garlic was very tasteful ! i will definitely be back !
totally has the haunted mansion vibe , great desserts and the outdoor seating is great !
great breakfast ! friendly service reasonable price ! perfect eggs benedict . simple strip mall ambiance .
gave this place another try , much better ! i think it's my new favorite bake shop .
fragel , fragel , fragel ! it's a fried bagel ! outstanding coffee , outstanding food , outstanding service ! pure portland funkiness ! kicks balls and ass !
i love this place and their various food truck locations too . you'll be hooked !
made from scratch ! great food , great cute atmosphere ! extremely fair prices as well ! under for breakfast sandwiches
staff was very professional and nice . the best mani pedi i've ever had . it was very relaxing and it looked great !
street taco mexican food in a casual restaurant atmosphere . it's more than just tacos at a reasonable price .
some of the best ever sushi . cute restaurant , fast service . our whole family loved it !
great place for takeout . never dined in so i can't speak to that experience . the lamb korma is on point !
love this place for brunch and happy hour . i've had some great times with family and friends here .
amazing vibes and delicious tacos . we had so much fun ! upstairs is definitely the place to be .
it is a great experience being here . crepes with spinach , mushrooms and sausage are delicious .
i love the tea and the bubble tea ! the environment is so nice to study and relax ! overall great
great service . scheduling is easy and the staff is very nice and accommodating . highly recommend !
the chicken is so soft , would be returning to spicy boys lemon sichuan boneless wings are my fav
best chicken and waffles i've ever had ! everything i have ever had here has been on point !
lives up to the hype , their hand pulled noodles are absolutely delicious . yummy cocktails too !
i went back again recently and had the pulled pork sandwich . it was unreal . amazing food !
we had an amazing experience with aliscia she was amazing . very attentive and pleasant .
great food . friendly staff . fresh taste and a nice atmosphere . i love the flatbreads and the meatballs !
excellent service , buzzy atmosphere , charming decor and fabulous food . perfect date place .
best poke i've had in austin haven't been to hawaii , but my wife loves this place as well !
best workout deal in town . excellent facilities , excellent group classes bootcamp , spin , tabata .
they've redeemed themselves on a saturday afternoon . more cooks more food . beef empanadas are good . beef stew is good .
stopped here on our way to the longhorns san jose game . food looked good however we only came for refreshments .
really cool quesadillas , awesome orange glaze sauce , friendly people , good food for the price
good food and the specials are usually the way to go . good red sangria .
my personal favorite greek american pizza joint . not a whole lot to say about this place , it's really solid .
absolutely delicious ! great injera . large portions . bargain prices . pleasant staff and atmosphere . thumbs up !
my favorite nail salon since moving to atl . very clean and superb gel manicure services
the bar staff was prompt and friendly . the friday fish sandwich special was delicious . we will definitely be back !
my daughter said the best pasta she's ever had . i agree . and we've had a lot of pasta .
dr . keener is caring , practical , knowledgeable , and funny ! he recommended what was best for sophia our cat
delicious farm to table ! offers burgers , salads , shakes and more !
very good ! i tried the grits with prawns . it was very tasty ! try the ice tea to quench your thirst .
yum ! friendly staff . great food and coffee . i had the portobello mushroom scramble . i'd definitely visit again .
friendly staff , great neighborhood , great facilities , great location . the rooftop is amazing ! with a great view !
honest , straightforward and no bs . i think this will be my permanent repair shop for my toyota .
really enjoyed our breakfast . food was well prepared and staff was very courteous . will definitely visit this place again .
turkey tip salad was delicious !
great patio , good and affordable food ! parking and getting a table can be hard during peak hours .
great food and excellent service . i had the squid , shrimp , port , tofu soup and couldn't have left more satisfied .
great cakes really really good bunds cakes there personal size and i could eat or there that good .
best real mexican tacos in portland . simple no frills foodie shit here ! just tacos and salsa and margaritas !
fish selection great , cooked perfectly , portion size large . priced very reasonably .
i had a the steak pie , which came out really good . fries were generous . service was great . waiter was awesome .
lots of selection in every department . from first to household goods to furniture . reasonably priced and tasty food court .
at austin subaru for service . i was treated promptly and with courtesy by zack . i plan on using them again .
this small place has terrific pizza pies . great neighborhood restaurant .
great breakfast ! delicious blueberry pancakes and plates ! vietnamese iced coffee is delicious
this place is the best ! delicious food and the cutest atmosphere .
amazing find ! crawfish shrimp crab boils have great taste and spicy . affordable prices , nice dining environment .
great menu with many different dietary options . get anything with the biscuits and or grits .
great food ! they make it right and tasty . will be back many more times . finally found the place to go .
great tasting wine in a well decorated interior !
obsessed with this studio . gorgeous facility , challenging classes , and very friendly teachers . i loved shoshi's c class .
amazing service and beef ! great selection of wine . could not have been a better experience !
super friendly , great fries , and best burger in the business ! i highly recommend this quaint , super yummy burger joint .
super yummy thai standards that come in huge take out portions . i love me some drunken noodle
it is a great place to listen music and to chill out
our server was excellent , her name was alex . food was great , experience was great . ask for alex .
katya is awesome ! she saved my hair after some bad color . beautiful job . i love my hair again !
great food and drinks . it's very authentic and they use good quality ingredients . i highly recommend .
just wanted to remind everybody that there is a dinner menu and its sooooooo good ! not served till after seven .
great food . great prices . whole squad enjoyed . don't hush hush about this place . tell all your friends .
ralph was very inexpensive and efficient ! i would recommend him for any couch repairs !
makimono lunch special was onolicious ! bang for your buck . house tempura was on point !
wonderful bar , great food , friendly staff and good crowd . charming decor , nice pool area . i highly recommend this place .
the best of the best . kari makes doing my taxes enjoyable ! i look forward to seeing her every year .
great atmosphere , management is knowledgeable and friendly . will definitely be a repeat customer !
good food , reasonably priced , generous portions . service was good too . will visit again .
place is best in highlands area ! always clean and organic ! kids love it
good food , decent happy hour . nice patio , though high street traffic can get loud . no complaints , nice standby !
great alteration and dry cleaning . quick service . moderately priced . good communication .
seen some good shows , some weird good shows , and some not so good shows here . consistently a fun place to be .
so happy that i finally found a place that has matcha ice cream ! love it ! recommend !
been here about times and it's been enjoyable . friendly staff and good , cheap food means return trips .
very nice outdoor seating . yummy pizza and salad . good music and cool vibe . attentive service .
awesome yogurt . love the business model . have a great self serve product and hire one cashier .
an excellent , casual place for greek food . it's suitable for small groups and take out .
delicious noodle house with a nice vibe . more likely to return if the prices were slightly lower .
the carrot cake french toast is like breakfast dessert ! and the bloodys are awesome . great place .
great place . good food good beer good atmosphere . it's small but quant . friendly and knowledgable staff highly recommended !
long lines and the lady was kinda rude when she took my order . but the drinks and food were good .
ceviche , oysters , branzino , blackberry tarte . all terrific . conversationally quiet despite being full .
katalina's is a hidden gem . everything i've tried has been amazing , don't forget to try the nutella balls
i had the blackened chicken salad for dinner . amazing flavor , fresh ingredients and great atmosphere !
nice decor . very fast counter service . great fries and a good gyro . i was pretty impressed .
great sushi and nice service . recommendable . even pick up is good . food is ready fast
good speedy service ! delicious food .
best place to get nails done , skyler is the most talented nail technician ever !
may el pelon rise from the ashes and save us all .
best fries in austin ! back patio on a sunny day makes for an excellent birthday ! awesome mojitos
great food ! good service ! we've been here twice already and will probably come again !
excellent and innovative flavors . very creamy ice cream with unexpected flavors . nice staff and prices were appropriate .
very good ! pizza is thin and flavorful . we tried the basil margarita and made our own pizza .
the food here was amazing ! the staff was attentive and made our night out truly special .
had the lentil soup and garlic bread here . walking distance to great shopping . good service .
pretty good pizza . i don't understand why people are complaining that it's . per big slice .
food is delicious , creative menu , friendly customer service , and nice environment . new mgmt did a great job . highly recommended !
i love southern sun ! great food , and great beers at reasonable prices !
softest bread i've had ! made my meatball parm sandwich that much better ! friendly staff and fast service
this place is great ! ice cream was really good but the staff atmosphere is amazing !
really good burgers ! all kinds of crazy combinations and toppings !
grilled octopus and the dover sole . that's it ! it's the bomb ! i heart this place !
loved crab roll , lobster roll . noah's ark summed up the taste of seafood roll . friendly crews .
great rooms good service parking overnight or at metered which is free on weekends . friendly and downtown really downtown
we ate here for three times in weeks . food was consistently great and service was super friendly .
every time i come to newton . i have to stop in for there amazing wings .
their tortilla soup is just delicious . and the guacamole is the best in town . i love this place .
tasty pizza with great sauce . nice crust too . carne was good with some spice . we will be back .
best location , price and staff . patient's are a priority . love the staff . gorgeous office and very clean .
noodles and green curry were excellent . wait staff and owner were very attentive . first visit and i will come back .
delicious food and friendly staff ! the spicy black bean hummus is fantastic and the tiramisu is to die for !
i really like the matcha latte with soy here . delicious menu in a relaxed atmosphere .
their food is delicious ! and i love their great customer skills . they always make you feel welcome .
came for a late weekday lunch . salad was tasty . the service was a little slow , but we enjoyed our food .
ah ma zing ! food was absolutely delicious . flavors literally bursting with each entree !
coffee was great . didn't have internet or a comfortable place to sit . seemed to be artificially spunky .
no line ! with a smile ! car registration and title app was a breeze !
delicious authentic food . staff is fast and attentive ! can be a bit of a wait so come early !
gorgeous harbour view ! food is amazing and service is outstanding . highly recommended
wow , so tasty . surprised by the variety and quality of meals . wish we had one near our home in california .
went to fdc last weekend and it did not disappoint ! excellent service food .
justin is thorough , professional , and very knowledgeable . report wa back within hours . thank you justin .
sheena hooked me up . best selection of hookahs in buckhead ! speedy service and they have everything you need .
love this place ! they have everything an authentic costume shop should have , not a ton of cheesy halloween masks .
good authentic food . ramen is tasty services is good . i really like the atmosphere and prices .
needed some office furniture they had it . great price , nice people , good selection ! will go back for more .
really delicious and affordable indian food ! love their chicken , paneer makhni , hyderabadi mutton biryani .
great services , great products , amazing salon . you have to give them a try !
good sandwiches and coffee . quite a cosy place for a rainy afternoon .
very cute bakery ! the scones are the best that i have ever had . lots of sweet looking treats to eat .
little's burgers are an almost weekly occasion for us don't judge . so good and the staff is great .
barrel is one of my favorite breweries . the beer is phenomenal and the burgers and amazing !
service and food were great as always . staff made our group feel very comfortable with their covid procedures .
mattress and pillows as good as it gets . the rest . well its a conference hotel wysiwig .
great haircut , very detailed and takes the time to give suggestions . amazing service , recommend
great place . awesome pastries and low prices
hard to believe breakfast tacos could be so good . simply awesome . every ingredient well prepared and assembled into tasty perfection .
vegans can be fat , too ! an assortment of delicate and flavorful cupcakes and danishes awaits you at this bakery .
best pizza in atlanta , great lunch specials , love the tuesday special too ! fun atmosphere , quick service , and clean facility !
great pizza , we found by accident after a day at disney . made to perfection , delicious ! friendly staff .
one of the best facials i've ever had ! very calming atmosphere my skin looked amazing . highly recommend mary ellen !
gud food , gud drinks , watched the game on big screen . a little pricy buy it was fun .
big fan of the fish n chips . very flavorful but not too mayonaisey cole slaw . solid service
super friendly service . great place to get documents notarized . what more really matters when you're walking into a bank ?
friendly staff , good sized gyro sandwich , casual atmosphere . would definitely come back again ! thanks !
terrific ambiance , the butter fish was amazing as always , and the lava cake will change your life .
good fish . great fish to rice sushi portioning . with giant pieces of salmon . got it to go and will again
great service . excellent steak tips . a shame that they will be closing the canton location in the next few months .
the food was really good ! the drinks were great ! highly recommend ! the french fries were amazing
perfectly fits my taste except that the bone needs a bit more salt .
melinda is a hair genius ! i always feel so much better about myself when i leave her chair .
great oyster bar that is hidden away between boylston and newbury . don't miss the specials , they are always great !
it feels again like the takorea i used to know . thank you !
very consistent with their food . great lunch spot with a quick turnaround after ordering , especially for their prices .
pre theatre dinner and it was all delicious . the cauliflower elotes were a delightful surprise .
eric was super helpful with assisting me to switch to over to verizon . give this man a rai e !
just wonderful ! so close to home and genuine local eatery . great staff and service . food quality was wonderful too .
dia's is such a great place to find unique items ! grabbed the turkey brie for lunch , it was great
a great contract company to work through . i have had no problems questions that were not worked out imediantly .
great food . great prices . great location . happy east austin is getting some quality korean food !
what a nice neighborhood bar ! staff and clientele are super nice ! drinks and food are better than anticipated .
this is my favorite puffs shore ! everything is fresh . and they have a lot options ! ! i l love it !
very good pizza breadsticks ! always been one of my favorite places to order pizza at !
bubble tea is rare on the east coast . this is good stuff .
the chicken parmesan and the lemon chicken is a hit . i love this italian restaurant it never disappoints .
fall off the bone pork shanks with bbq sauce ! so goooooood ! easily split between two people for a quick snack .
fun atmosphere , standard mexican food with an incredible selection of margaritas . pricey , so go during happy hour !
pricey but seasonal decorations , concerts and various parties makes this place a continued interest .
great food and always great service . try the spicy chicken grinder and the cheddar mac salad you won't be disappointed
i can vouch for their brownies , coffee and the yogurt w in house granola . looking forward to trying weekend brunch .
fantastic interior . attentive staff . good food . what more could you want from an everyday restaurant .
beat horchata i've ever had . all the food is fantastic , all the way down to the salsas .
all of the options they offer are heavenly , and makes your cheat day worthwhile .
these are fantastically wonderful folks , space service ! highly recommended !
best gourmet foodie bagel spot in town , thanks veronica everyone there for the great service !
relaxed vibe , full bar , descent food . great place to try and down the street from the food trailer park .
fantastic atmosphere . lots of historic charm , great happy hour , and friendly staff . will return .
braised short ribs highly recommended . everything was excellent including the shrimp and grits .
those wings and truffle fries are to die for . best korean chicken wings i have had . hands down .
love the hotpot and sushi special combo ! the sushi is fresh and tasty . great for big group celebrations .
great service , food is good , large menu selection . good draft list and well maintain space . staff are super friendly .
professional team that provides a large selection of blinds at various prices . installation was fast and painless ,
home made scones , and a wonderful atmosphere . i love this little breakfast joint . highly recommend !
butter beer is fantastic ! this place was soo much fun . the ride and attractions were amazing .
friendly service , generous delicious side dishes ! always go back for their beef soondubu and beef bibambop ! my favorite !
good service , good prices , quality and well prepared food , small portions on the tapas menu
the choclate pudding cake is deadly tasty . don't underestimate them because they look small .
great food . i come here all the time . nice to have a good middle eastern restaurant near our home .
mutton seekh kebab the chicken chilli starters nailed it for me
a true , family run business with great service . sofia's a dear .
so sweet ! gave my little girls free mini cookies to try after we purchased . first class .
excellent selection , always something to find here with low prices and in a good location close to the highway .
wonderful to have a thoughtfully crafted selection of children's shoes . we've gotten many things here , and it's always reliable .
amazing food for even better prices . try the chicken tikka boti , you won't regret it !
great food and great people working here ! try the herc or the niko if you don't eat pork .
kate was amazing ! talk about fast and friendly service . absolutely amazing . i'm coming back because of her for sure .
such a cute little bakery with the most intriguing macaron flavors and the kindest baristas .
they have yummy french fries and fast services through the drive through but it not very google for your health
love this adorable spot . the food is always great and the service is outstanding . their lasagna is a real treat !
excellent service , delicious food , margaritas are amazing . what more could you ask for ?
lovely restaurant . you'll be surprised on a friday night . classy . it's not cheap .
love their stacked hash brown and pancake flights . pineapple pancake is my favorite . iced chai and green tea are refreshing .
they have the best nutella iced hot chocolate . it's perfect for hot summer days and or nights .
prompt service and the fra diavlo was excellent . wine by the was which seemed high for house wine
just awesome . it's cheap and really good food ! the guacamole is really good too !
this is the best bbq i have had . ever ! i tried the tx rueben today and it was amazing !
charming little restaurant in its humble simplicity . food was pretty good
swankkkkyyyyy . i wish the cocktail menu was a bit longer but i enjoyed the american breed .
potato gorgonzola , yum ! super fast delivery , lovely delivery guy , i'll be back for sure .
i had a tangerine orange donut . it's well worth the bucks . yummy like usual .
good stuff and a great laid back ambiance . loved it .
love this place for general work on our honda cr v ! honest , friendly , work finished on time .
amazing . hands down best bar in boston . go on a tuesday at pm
went in for a quick bite . delicious tacos al pastor and steak tacos . will definitely be back !
these tacos are soooo good and the consome just adds to the flavor ! definitely recommend .
on time payroll has put a lot of work into earning my loyalty , with very responsive customer service .
yum . this place really puts out a great spread and very good sushi . was really fresh and delicious .
very good chinese restaurant ! their duck is really good . the sauce they use is super flavorful !
we went for the vegetarian tuesday night special . it was all very good and reasonably priced .
best fast food indian i've found . garlic naan rocks . also , big fan of mango lemonade .
hidden family run gem for the downtown lunch crowd . great chirashi bowl , fresh large cuts of fish and a lovely presentation .
your was fun ! we enjoyed brooke as our guide . definitely went places we'd never have known about .
hipster bbq joint with good food and atmosphere . wu tang wings are great . great choice if you're in midtown .
great food , spicy , awesome service , clean place . i found by accident but feel like its a hidden jewell !
this spot is great ! always enjoy having late lunch dinner here . the service is always spectacular .
awesome ice cream for the hot days of austin . food truck .
the best donuts around . skip past dunks and get their iced coffee snickerdoodle . caring owners and hire lots of local kids .
the technician was professional and he found some extra things i didn't notice . will definitely call again . thanks
the most satisfying pig out food ! love it !
jess santillan did an awesome men's cut . courteous , professional , thorough , and informative . highly recommend jess and this location .
great hotel and service . brad in guest services is the best . so friendly and helpful , definition of great customer service !
we had a great time . rib and brisket were delicious , and there was essentially no waiting time .
roy is always helpful and personable . would highly recommend this place for subarus .
if you love grilled cheese , try these creative delicacy's !
love the unique variety of food offerings and the cool , mellow vibe . the food was delicious !
how can this be a consistently good breakfast but that is only meal i have there eggs benedict the best
highly recommended . easy to schedule and communicate with , reliable , reasonably priced .
awesome tacos . had the potato , chorizo , egg cheese , highly recommend . adorable clean
its really great and this is my first time in taco mac . good service and reasonable price .
such a great spot . sweetest staff ever and delicious food . gonna go here all the time !
they were very careful and thoughtful . good guys . highly recommend . just be very clear and confirm the day prior .
good food , diverse crowd , hidden gem . a good place to try if you want to get away from chain restaurants .
adorable and tasty ! this place is a wonderful spot to take a break and enjoy some gelato !
what a fantastic , cozy , delicious place ! love it so much and can't wait to come back .
my favorite place in atlanta . awesome drink prices and delicious pub food . can't beat the sweet potatoes nachos !
got tacos and the elote . bomb ! will return for more . service was great and ordering online was easy .
the food was pretty good and there price was decent taylor v delivered and was promp and respectful thanks
had the chopped brisket sandwich . out of this world . long lines didn't stop me to get another . awesome food truck !
stopped for dinner before going to our airport hotel . unexpected surprise . so delicious .
i use inprint for personal and business printing . awesome service , speed , prices , and printing of course !
our favorite place in epcot ! great wine the lebanese wine , can't remember the name , kabobs were so tender and tasty .
in fairness i did revisit this location again . i will say the second visit the service was much better .
love this place ! great staff . clean facilities . never felt out of place , even as a beginner !
the food is delicious and lives up to it's reputation . the space is cramped and the wait times are terrible .
loved our technician daniel . he was thorough with his application and very professional .
sexy ladies all around . chill place to kick it had a good time overall !
best service and mexican food up north . the salsa is soo good and the spinach enchiladas rock so hard .
spicy , flavorful food . lunch buffet is the best deal . haven't been to a better indian buffet in vancouver .
friendly staff and great location . easily booked appointments and never had to wait .
good vegan food and bakery , but a bit overpriced . just discovered their backyard seating area , pretty evening lighting .
phillip our waiter is a asset to stk , great personality and knowledge . the food was amazing
great pub ! good food . best french fries ever . extensive beer menu .
pre good just a lil pricey but pre good
dr . anderson is thorough and compassionate ! the staff is always friendly and organized and the office is beautiful !
jessie took care of us , couldn't be happier , great rate , no issues
best vegetarian restaurant in vancouver . lots of varieties . great service . i definitely will visit again .
great place to enjoy your afternoon with couple glasses of wine . they have great wine selection .
holy shit . the cheesesteak is worth every dollar . oyster po'boy is also fantastic . that's all i got to say
delicious bagels . i enjoy the quality sourdough bagels at this place . it's a bit busy but worth the wait .
delicious vegan food with plenty of options . they owners are also incredibly nice people . i love paradise vegetarian noodle house !
car wash , free air , free vacuums , and good coffee , oh yeah and fuel perks !
delish ! just had golden noodle curry with beef and cashew vegetables with chicken . friendly and relaxed eatery !
kim did a great job with my beautiful fire nails . definitely becoming a regular customer .
great selection of ipas and fresh oysters in a lil' hole in the wall . love it !
great location to wait when early for a reservation at a nearby restaurant . good service
the mexican martini is great and the zucchini , squash and goat cheese tacos are soo delish !
seriously good eats and seriously good music coheed and circa survive . a whole lot of awesomes .
love the setting . good food and very friendly staff . lot of game options like ping pong , bowling , darts .
friendly , personal service by people who think your pet is a wonderful as you do .
one of my most favorite places to eat sushi . it's always delicious and people are awesome
pretty good . delivery quick . crab wontons a little cold , but still tasty ! never had anything bad there .
for fast food , this is great . doesn't compare to central one , but it is semi fast food
loved everything we had . absolute topnotch . we waited almost an hour and it was worth it .
just had lunch there today . great service , good staff , and all local seafood from great sources .
great customer service ! delicious burger ! will be our favorite spot for burger . highly recommended .
reasonably priced . great personality . enjoy the maxim hair styling experience .
every once in a while i get a craving for their nacho dog . best fries in town .
affogato
excellent service . they provide washing detergent and dryer sheets . they will transfer to the dryer if you ask . they are awesome !
i haven't been twice although i really want to . i just wanted to post the picture of my lobster roll !
lovely place , nice food and seats are super comfortable . will come back , such a cozy place .
cant say enough good things about awr . great guys and world class tattooers .
cheap hangover brunch . excellent service with a hilarious waitress . this place rocks ! d
easy access . breathtaking views . one of the best gems in austin .
burger was fab . nachos were ok if you like chili that tastes kind of like spaghetti sauce .
cannot say enough good things about fixie . love the biscuits , the wine selection and the big back room .
service . food . decor . all top notch . try the burmese pork stew . i still dream about it .
quick service , nice doctor and patient staff . will go again if needing urgent care !
the majority of the time , this arti's hits it out of the park
very tasty . waffle sandwich excellent . great service . breakfast dive at its finest . very cozy place . would eat here again
a little hard to find but the vibe and the food were just amazing . will definitely come back
bacon and egg fancy all the way ! don't plan on eating there space is extremely limited .
the pizza is great thin style crispy pizza . their calzone are good as well as the grilled chicken greek salads .
longer wait time than i expected but so worth it ! highly recommend the sooda garlic and the steamed pork dumplings !
the catering was delicious . our group of over enjoyed every single bite .
great little place ! went for a work christmas party and couldn't have been happier .
amazing . my boss get an assortment of these once and awhile on her way into work . they are amazing !
enormous , delicious burritos and friendly staff . i look forward to going back and trying everything else on the menu .
this is a great spot for a big group great drinks , good prices , and delaney was great !
burrito mojado with pork carnitas and nachos con carne with beef also excellent .
amazing place with great prices ! the different types of plants seem to go in forever . i highly recommend this nursery !
very fun tour at a relaxed pace . daniel is an excellent guide , very personable and knowledgeable .
fun , friendly neighborhood bar . good drinks , good food , not too pricey . great atmosphere !
a reinforcement of the other reviews . great guys , good pricing , excellent work . thanks matt !
good place in the locality . the buffet is good and has enough variety . the service is fine .
my favorite restaurant in austin . superior quality food and service , kid friendly , relaxed atmosphere . just terrific .
this is definitely my go to location . fast , professional , and thorough every time . great job guys !
delicious and fresh mediterranean food at affordable prices . the beef kebob is a must have . will be back for sure !
cutest dessert ever good for going on dates ! also , the iced matcha green tea latte is fire !
deno's is really good when you want an old style pizza . all top quality , fresh ingredients makes tasty pizzas !
this is the real deal ! excellent food , large portions ! wish they had these in indiana ! worth the trip !
really good food and large amounts , service just wasn't up to par with level of restaurant it appears to be
this is now the only boba i ever want . nothing like a nice fresh pineapple banana smoothie with boba .
hands down best sangria i've ever had ! the white sangria is my favorite . perfect for a summertime bbq .
awesome breakfast service ! best german pancake i've had . quirky ambiance . very portland . love this place .
this is my go to breakfast spot . tons of choices . 'nuf said .
jambalaya and melon margarita i miss you come to san francisco
great place to go until your appointment for surgery at piedmont hospital across the street ! the manager was quite nice !
awesome grilled cheese sandwiches with plenty of options . the prices are great too ! definitely recommend to anyone visiting portland !
new fave , tasty food , lovely drinks , nice staff . very relaxing and welcoming atmosphere !
delicious . happy to have a place with a decent outside seating . really enjoyed the curry and the rice kneaded tilapia .
love this place as i've been coming here for years ! good lord .
excellent job done in very short time , really good staff for moving in boston area .
really cool new wine bar on burnet . good music , good vibe . eclectic menu . check it out .
ordered the pizza online with a coupon code , went through , and the pizza arrive on the dot at pm . amazing .
best coffee in southie . might be the best ice cream , heavy in milk fat , that i have ever had .
they are really friendly and so nice ! sandwich panini goooood
went with a large group , lasagna , shrimp , drinks , service all very good . prices reasonable and the building was wonderful .
bang for your buck . quality . service ambiance location overall .
love coming here ! i get the chicken genaro almost every time . don't leave without desert . the rum cake is awesome .
yum ! tiny hole in the wall in an old diner . get there early for lunch ! it gets crowded fast .
really appreciate the attention to health and safety with minimal contact . it doesn't go unnoticed !
amazing food great view however be ready to pay this place is not cheap a person .
great selection , clean store , knowledgeable staff lacey is amazing ! will stop in again because of her ! thank you division vapor !
bang for your buck quality service ambiance location overall
we had duck and steak au poivre , really really good . service was excellent too .
easily the best coffee in town . period .
chris was awesome ! great meal , fun time , great service . great time . do not miss this treasure .
i recently visited this little wine bar and i loved it ! cozy , great wine selection , great friendly service !
the best treat for a warm summer day is mango icey vanilla sunday ice cream . it's great .
great bar and grille . good bourbon selection and tacos are great . owner great to talk with . will be back again .
that's a tasty burger ! the staff especially latisha were super friendly and outgoing to ensure we we're satisfied !
we were percent pleased with our experience here ! especially chino our chef and ian our server !
this salon just opened . they have more than one . my favorite stylist mary is in this location .
love this place , lots of different kinds of beer and the nachos are bomb , get the beef .
awsome place to hang out . great atmosphere and great music . very friendly and inviting . thanks yall
with nearly a new brewery a month popping up in n . west this place been getting it right for decades .
the printing area staff are super nice ! had a great experience there today .
always great food and great service . kelly was our server the other day , and she was terrific . love snooze !
they need more taps here , otherwise cool joint . good local crafties n live music . cant beat it .
awesome greek food . ask for amanda ! she is great ! super fast and very friendly ! delicious breakfast as well .
yes it's in a busy food court that's the downside however great lobster roll and great chowder !
my new favorite place to grab extremely generous portions of delicious mediterranean food . the mint lemonade is also a must !
love this place . gyros are fab , stromboli is out of this world . onion rings are a hit too .
loved it ! best crepes i've ever had ! which only means better than cocos crepes sweet paris
who knew asian small plates could be so fun . bao bund were the favorite . will definitely be back .
good food , bit pricey but atmosphere was fun , trendy . fun for big parties
bc's second largest theatre is this gorgeous recently renovated seater , with outstanding acoustics for opera , theatre , and concerts .
worth what you pay for . can realistically split a burrito between two people .
just a great place to eat . parking is challenging .
unassuming yet delicious and budget friendly . you will not regret a visit here !
teen age metal heads wet dream , full of shirts posters , stickers and all sorts of other mic crap
best matcha latte in boston ! delicious green salad ! i'm so happy i discovered this place
our go to place to purchase our favorite wines and beers . nate and his crew are always wonderful .
carlito omelette was really good bring your own salsa if you're a salsa person but otherwise
great local breakfast spot ! small , just a few tables , friendly service , fantastic food ! looking forward to enjoying breakfast here again .
macy gives it two thumbs up . good food , well priced in a great atmosphere . great addition to newton center .
always wonderful coffee drinks , a good variety of choices and friendly baristas . also many sugar free choices . my favorite coffee place !
one of our new favorite restaurants for tofu soup . the service was great and food was delicious .
food pretty good , service fair . inside very lovely and decorated . easy to find located in a plaza
great spot for veggie vegan food ! delicious food and lovely service ! i've had the works arepa and the impossible burguer .
serious contender for best burger i've found in portland , no joke . cracked out quick and so good
this spot had its ups and downs . now . fantastic ! get the ultimate tuna roll yummmmy ! fabulous staff as well
the cheeses were delicious and the staff was very friendly and accommodating . they can even ship their cheese cross country !
gluten allergy specialists ! almost everything is gf ! they're so knowledgeable , their tacos are the bomb , and everyone here is nice !
my previous review stands but i like this complex , this community , and the staff . happy to live here .
the place is great to meet with friends . fresh and tasty food ! ashley's service was great ! enjoyed the lovely atmosphere !
greeted with a warm hello . friendly staff and great food ! the bbq pulled chicken sandwich was amazing .
great service , friendly receptionist and vets . front desk is slightly difficult to reach through the phone
i had a wonderful time at granary tavern sid and yazeirys are the best . this place is awesome ! !
bomb fish and grits . awesome sweet cornbread . friendly owners and servers . great chill atmosphere . fresh and dope decor .
food was delicious . we ordered it to go . i only wish the spaghetti with meatballs came with more pasta .
amazing beer selection . you can literally spend hours reading the beer list trying to pick the perfect brew .
it's all good . chicken pot pies homemade and soup and sandwiches ! delicious and local
brandon and aunt jackie from the escape room were everything . energy was lit af ! best experience in atl
amazing ! brilliant flavors in everything . ask for sean patrick . he's stellar but , everyone gave impeccable service . highly recommend !
great juicy burger with painted hills beef and buns from local bakery . onion rings were fantastic ! hit the spot .
best gel manicure i've ever had . annoying that it's appointment only , but definitely worth it !
awesome food . lots of vegetarian vegan options . service is wonderful . really enjoyed . spicy stirfried eggplant , dumplings is awesome .
delicious hummus and tzatziki . falafel wrap was very good . we all loved our meals . we'll be back .
yogurtland in newton center closed permanently on . i'm bummed . great yogurt .
this is one of my favorite weekend brunch spots . chori migas are the bomb ! best corn tortillas in town .
i dream of these kebabs .
this is some of the best thai food in portland . well worth the journey to this amazing cart .
extremely delicious ramen ! great service , i've been looking for quality ramen and this is it !
definitely a cute place , great wine selection and their pizza was good ! will be back for happy hour !
consistently good service and excellent food . we usually grab a booth at the bar to enjoy piano . very pleasant .
what tf is kale bone ? idk but it's delicious great prices , good service and clean dining area as well
fantastic shop for new treasures with a kind helpful staff . being new to austin i've found some beautiful pieces here .
awesome place for families with kids . love this gym . nice family changing rooms . open swim restricted hours however .
wow ! don't miss this one . the fresh croissant with butter and raspberry jam was oh . i am in heaven .
i like to think that kutx exists now purely because of this review . thank you , public radio . i love you .
great curated selection . local brands other more well known , but overall the quintessential new england style .
fantastic food , fast friendly service , and a great environment . a very good restaurant highly recommend .
good food at a very reasonable price . i recommend the chiles rellenos . finish with tres leches cake .
my wife and really enjoyed our experience . the donuts were delicious and the staff was very courteous . we'll be back .
great place to drink and rest . i tried the bubble tea and it is still too sweet with sugar
amazing ! wonderful cupcakes ! i don't remember the last time i wandered into a place and was so pleasantly surprised
this place is awesome ! their food is amazing ! had two different types of curry's and they tasted so authentic !
great food and service ! shakes are to die for !
wonderfully delicious crepes . savory smoked salmon , cream cheese and arugula made me smile bigger than buddha . anytime is crepe time .
really good pizza , and beer . beer cheese and garlic knots a must . service great and would recommend .
awesome food ! potato leek soup and grilled cheese was delicious . loved sitting by the fireplace
beer is cold and a good selection . wings were great . don't dress up as it pretty relaxed .
consistency they haven't changed anything on the their menu . still a great place to get a sub .
best food in the area ! the white pizza and the ravioli appetizer is my favorite !
this place is so good . it doesnt need a review . everything is great .
awesome omelettes and friendly service ! definitely get your money's worth here . thank you !
a great greek place ! i like taking leftovers home . and the servers are quite friendly !
easy airport to get in and out of . they take great care of me
great food for sunday brunch . hope they also have a ourdoor dinning place .
casual , very good food and great service . i will be dining there again !
great food and great service . very clean and the food was fresh and authentic . i will definitely return .
small portions but unlimited chips and salsa fill you up ! amazing fish and shrimp tacos ! great salsa ! great margaritas
best scallops i've ever had , and the oysters are so fresh ! this is my new favorite seafood spot in atlanta .
tried pep , sausage , mushroom , and onion pizza , nothing pedestrian about it . very good !
slow on a wednesday but quick service , great unique tacos . come for the food not for the atmosphere .
finally a tacodeli that doesn't require a special trip to get my butt to ! great . i'm going to be fat .
we had eustace clean our apartment recently and he was wonderful ! very professional and did a great job !
lovely frozen yogurt place on multnomah village . the compost everything a major plus ! and they even have non dairy options .
love kobe ! best by far ! live in georgia now and we don't have kobe , so love going when visiting florida .
friday's has great boneless buffalo wings .
the best bread ever , and everyone i've shared it with agrees . always fresh . friendliest service . thank you . highly recommended .
consistently good pies , amazing food and a super friendly staff !
i got helix piercings . one in each ear . morgan was amazing ! i will definitely be going back in the future .
best juice and smoothies in columbus . if you like sweet flavors , you'll enjoy this . would recommend the fruit flirtation .
nice comfortable seating , avoid busy times and you'll have a time . their hash is amazing .
the carne asada tacos are amazing . the staff is always friendly ! thanks cilantro's for making me feel welcome .
i love shopping here for tanks , tees and work shirts that double for cocktail hour attire .
excellent , delish food . great prices . portions are just right !
quick service and friendly . several options available for pho and the waitstaff will help navigate you through the options
delicious fries and burgers . my daughter is gluten free and very picky . she really liked their gluten free bun .
fun and connivence , really nice to have it in the neighbor hood . price are decent and worker are very friendly
great sub exactly the way i wanted it and super friendly staff here at the airport . made my day . thanks !
excellent service , austin is friendly and professional . i would recommend clausons to friends and family !
funky little hotel but i like the marriott and it wasn't far from downtown .
this place , fox brothers and bbq are my top three . the brisket is perfect here and great sides .
loved the bottomless bloody mary . cheesesteak mac cheese was delicious . fish and chips crunchy and good .
had a great haircut and color with alex . treated so nicely . a wonderful experience !
great byob . consistently good food , great owners and friendly service . always worth a visit .
the best chicken in town ! it's fried fresh and is juicy . try it within their fried okra .
very good ! loved their sushi . i had the explosion roll , tuna roll , and manhattan rolls , all very delicious .
i sent an international fax a bit expensive , . for one page from this location today , staffs are efficient and friendly .
amazing place . great food . great atmosphere . i'll be back with kids or with out . it's great . defiantly everyone should go !
great team of expert stylist and color specialist . beautiful salon with great staff . have been coming for years .
often crowded and noisy , but cheerful , casual , authentic atmosphere with smart service and great food .
had dinner here and thought everything was really good and tasty . service was fine and attentive without being overbearing .
mmmmmmmm soooooooooooo soooooooooo sooooooooooooo delicious ! their spicy crawfish fried rice is the besttttt !
a pleasant human made me a wonderful desert and let me sit inside without shoes . thank you .
the fillet mignon was amazing , and the service was friendly and quick .
best thai food around ! i love ordering take out from here . such fresh and flavorful food !
amazing service ! not top notch with appearance but the quality of service is on point ! and the price is ideal !
new ownership , great experience . ray painted all my parts in a quick turnaround , and they look great !
such a fun place ! quick service , live band , and great sinatra music . i will definitely return .
what a place ! daddy loves this spot . their food is very good and their staff is stay bringing the pep !
i love their salad ! and the space . beautiful . it's like being transformed to yoga heaven sanctuary .
breakfast tacos were large , overstuffed and delicious ! thr salsa was also very good and tasty .
only a few words here are needed . really fantastic . my favorite ride at epcot . star .
fyi waitresses do not come in until so it can be a rather slow wait until then .
pastries are always top notch ! super friendly staff . great coffee and tea . always happy to support a small business .
solid classy italian themed cocktails , friendly and knowledgeable bartender , tasty wood fired pizza and fried olives . good mood for date night .
soooooo good . the people who work are here are super friendly too ! try the dona inez or the americano !
yum , definitely coming back here again . great flavors , tasty noodles . reasonable prices , what else do you want ?
the food is really good , i had the kimchi stew and kimchi pancake , tasty and satisfied .
great place to stop and have a slice of pizza before a movie date with my favorite guy
awesome service and their happy hour prices food was spectacular ! definitely coming back whenever i am craving thai food .
great customer service . quick repair and reasonable pricing . very happy with the outcome of the fix . thanks !
tucked away little mom band pop breakfast joint . fast , friendly service . incredibly cheap for the food you get . good food !
great customer service . mike was knowledgeable and easy to work with . definitely recommend coming here
just can't be beat for authentic mexican food . and the ceviche they serve friday only is amazing .
so good . i especially love the complimentary hummus and pita that's included with every meal !
great service and lovely brunch . decor is cozy
christmas dinner at the heathman . great food , great service and a wonderful atmosphere .
this is some of the best breakfast food i've ever eaten ! awesome atmosphere and very kid friendly !
i love hanging out on their rooftop bar . mostly i go for the happy hour and taquitos !
great delievery ! so good ! there pho is yummy !
really cool place . i had the mac and cheese with chicken , and it was delicious . nice beer selection , too .
these guys are great ! even open on saturday ! very nice and didn't take advantage of a stranded gal .
breakfast was delish ! i got the banana split waffle . it was good enough to be dessert .
nice place with good service and great crepes . something for everyone . including gluten free .
first time here , great place . gets a little busy in the weekends , but still great service .
love this place . food is always outstanding . i always enjoy going here . their tea is delicious .
had the hand dipped blue bell cookies and cream shake , it was awesome .
excellent food . excellent service . try the sake social happy hour from for great specials .
good stuff ! i got a jerk shrimp salad and no joke this food is amazing ! people are friendly and accommodating
consistent good food ! you can't go wrong with this fine establishment . great service , polite staff and awesome chef !
the pumpkin ravioli is ah mazing ! service is excellent . popped in on sunday night randomly and totally surprised .
this place is so delicious ! i go back every time i'm in vancouver . by far the best bao in van
really diverse selection . in a city where there's too many brew pubs already this place delivers .
awesome food and service . closest thing to boston with amazing prices to go along with it
i recently photographed a wedding here and it was such a lovely place for any special occasion !
was in there again this week and tried the green matcha bubble tea . to die for !
great food good service had the hash brown's best in town fast can't wait to come back
the best ! been eating here for years cash only and the wait in line is always worth it
very professional ! will be calling back for larger job to upgrade electric panel . great work for an honest price .
best place ever to tan cool beds , friendly staff , neat products , clean , cool funky music !
interesting concept . seafood served in bags . table covered with paper . tasty food , excellent sangria .
delicious food , excellent service . one of the best dining experiences i have had in a very long time
food was fresh and delicious . service was great . relaxing atmosphere . huge variety of tea . menu mainly asian .
. grand opening tonight and omg everything was delicious ! the egg rolls crispy padthai chicken was amazing !
very helpful , great communication and customer service skills from all members of the staff .
classic southern comfort food with exceptionally nice staff . food equivalent of a warm hug !
delicious every time . panang curry w tofu for me . basil spring roll are a favorite and cheese rolls are perfecto !
delicious . i have nothing bad to say about this place . burgers are amazing . prices are great . d
yummy the tacos are better than the burritos . the beans gave my friend diarrhea , stay away
food is good excellent lovely people serving food like a little mom and pop shop prices are very reasonable
great place to stay . staff was nice , food was good , rooms were clean and roomy . would highly recommend
love this place ! they have an amazing gin martini forget the name amazing food , and great atmosphere !
great food and even better service . cant wait to be in town and go again .
great customer service received at this lenox square location . great merchandise . top notch !
i recieved my gift of chocolate covered fruit in a timely manner and it looked great and was delicious !
nick did a fabulous job on my pedicure ! couldn't be happier .
amazingly fantastic . delicious butter coffee . super friendly staff . i now pledge my devotion to picnik .
love justine ! she did an amazing job chopping inches off leaving me with a beautiful fresh style
closed today , wednesday during business hours . bummer . made a specific trip at lunch today .
gross , sour iced coffee . isn't this around the corner from dunkies u ? time for some remedial education .
ordered shrimp lo mein , was not impressed . small shrimp , skimpy portion .
you want it to be done right go to fiddies and get some real bbq .
extremely disappointed with this restaurant , i wait hour to get salty food never again
customer service , does anyone even work here ! great vendors , but didn't buy anything cause didn't seem welcoming .
minute wait for cold entrees . yet another sub par meal at vic station . time to not buy the groupon
the sandwiches are way too greasy , and the prices are way too high . not going back .
uhh no this buttermilk crispy chicken was stale and really hard to bite the chicken is old
wait times are very bad , customer service is just ok . stuff tends to be not very knowledgeable about apple devices .
service is absolutely horrible and the food is below average with above average prices . overpriced drinks ! stay away !
beers are excellent but my hamburger was bad . meat was bland and cold . will order wings next time .
not so good quality of ribs . very poor customer service . undercooked brisquet anf pork ribs . don't recommend this location .
ehhhhhhhhh fast food cheeseburger for over . . makes fuddruckers looks better .
this company will accept your money instantly , but can take up to months to address any refunds .
good food , bad service and you never feel cool enough to be there to eat
arrival ok . departure is a mess . tsa a nightmare to get through every time i travel through mco .
awful experience . took over an hour to rent car . counter staff only interested in up selling services . never again .
the restaurant hostess has very bad service . no greeting no smile and very rude and impatient with customer .
nice atmosphere , but unremarkable food . when i eat here , i wish i was at india quality .
i have been here twice and will never go again . the sushi here tastes fishy and the service is meh .
mapo tofu was not authentic mapo tofu . it was hoisin sauce and tofu .
i saw a roach crawling on the area where the sides were kept . i immediately lost my appetite .
carnitas burrito tasted like it had peanuts in it . really unappetizing and would not recommend .
these donuts are too sweet and taste stale . yuck .
this sparklett water service company is very terrible service with customers especially the employees in office
look at all these rice cakes , not a well rounded dumpling rice cake soup . barely enough dumplings .
k downpayment ? no way ! left their office with no manager please pay attention to this car rental place .
same issue with the cami mask . they charged my credit card immediately and week later , still nothing .
lived here for over a year . something is always broken and northland always has it fixed as cheap as possible .
my mom went here . she got prescribed medication for pets that they stopped making . avoid !
tacos are just ok , not many options on the menu . a little overpriced . not a great atmosphere either .
pretty generic . waited over an hour for cold piza
wow , i canceled my service as i moved away , out of country and they are still charging me .
one of the worst meals i've ever had . the spicy tuna roll tasted like cat food . would not recommend
disappointed . the last few times i've been here , every banana has been extremely green and i've had to go elsewhere .
do not order online ! i never received my food via the third party delivery service , grub hub .
worst service at any dd i have ever been too . consistently rude staff and extremely slow . never again .
extremely slow and inattentive service . shouldn't take minutes to get our bill and pay .
terrible service . go anywhere else . gave me the wrong part and would not refund my money
a shady operation , doesn't pay staff doctors as promised , so they steal from him . financial irregularities , watch your money . sg
disappointing , . watered down drinks , gummy arinci , canned artichoke hearts in the rubbery chicken piccata . would not eat there again .
we ordered the shanghai street noodles and the noodles smelled rotten . one of the worst chinese food i ever had !
went here a month ago and ordered the steak quesadilla , steak was rubbery , haven been back since .
i was dissapointed and not very impressed . our food took for ever and was just your average pasta .
overpriced tacos that you have to wait in a ridiculously long line for . trendy doesn't fill my stomach .
yuck ! the coconut water tastes like pee and the place smells like soil . dirty smelly hippies !
some folks love it . i do not . it's alright in a pinch , but i'd never plan to end up here .
made a reservation for christmas day . even confirmed as requested . they weren't open
i bought muffins here and started eating them before discovering the mold on them .
this is pretty bland , boring indian food , and way too expensive . for the cheapest entree , and no kid's meal .
good pizza , people were nice , but they took hr minutes to deliver a pizza , unacceptable for hungry kids .
would probably be amazing if they were ever open and didn't just close randomly because they felt like it .
if you wanna get ripped . overcharged , mischarged , poor customer service .
the bartender girl here tonight told me you need to speak english .
expensive , not as good as toscanini's or jp lick's , with a side of questionable sanitation .
absolutely worst customer service and company ever . literally the worst . do not do business with them ever .
pricey and low quality , mass produced mexican food . skip it folks . our party couldn't find anything redeeming on the menu .
the food is very unpalatable , the service attitude is very poor , and will not come later .
too expensive and too sweet rich for my preferences . i could only eat about half of my tiny cappuccino treat .
unethical , poor service . i would avoid buying oil from them or getting my furnace serviced by them .
force vamc lake nona to provide services plus start doing widespread testing for covid
ordered for delivery and it took near hours . this place sucks ! they are slow and rude .
front desk is incompetent . was trying to schedule my son an appointment and front desk was useless .
absolutely the worst chicken sandwich i have ever seen i would prefer four sandwiches from mcdonald's to this fodder
so pricy compare to the other boutiques . i don't recommend it to anyone . zero customer satisfaction , and unreliable .
was told to send an email with my complaint . still haven't heard back ? ridiculous .
terrible company . tried to book for weeks then was told out of business after paid for service . beware
ordered two tacos chorizo and carne asada which were both very wet and soggy without as much flavor .
takes forever . three people working , so overworked they are losing orders . busy location , hire more staff .
after spending over . the old ass waitress did a poor job . makes me miss my joe's crab shack
this was a complete wait of dinner food was completely awful drinks took over minutes
first time visit here . empty restaurant but food is okay but not impressed . i prefer the crawfish shack
the lady checking us out literally threw the eggs upside down and broke them . who even does that ?
platinum welcome gift at the dolphin . mold . moldy strawberries . seriously . the marriott take over of spg never ceases to amaze .
quite simply the worst mexican food i've ever had . won't be back .
visited the store today . such a bad customer service ! unorganized and totally ignored us shame !
went with the family and was left waiting for without being able to order . left wingless !
this is the worst fast food place in atlanta . my opinion
wow . huge disapointment . food was blase and the waitstaff even more so . nothing like the reviews . don't bother !
always understaffed no matter what day you shop at this store . the store is always a disaster with items everywhere .
cheap . clean . ok service . if you happen to like disgusting mall food court quality food , you'll love this place .
lousy swill they call food even hogs would not eat lousy service a clientele which actually stink ! what's to like ?
lipstick on my teacup and they changed it without any apologize . disgusting and awful service .
food was expensive ! especially not really fresh and delicious ! service it's ok . i will not go back again !
the lady working in the drive thru was wearing her mask around her chin , completely missing her nose and mouth .
this place is a tourist trap gimmick that some people seem to love ? dont say i didnt warn you .
i have said in the review what the problems are . you don't need to speak to me .
terrible service ! unbelievable . the casher is extremely rude . and it takes forever to wait .
the cashew tofu was fine , but the thai iced tea was incredibly over sweetened .
staff are so rude . have to learn how to be kind with other humans .
the price is more expensive , the coconut juice curry does not have the coconut fragrance
yeah . show is ok the food is horrible . no taste it doesn't taste nothing like the miami location .
absolute joke and disgusting . my salad bowl was half empty no lettuce in it and soupy !
slowest starbucks i've ever been too . like watching snails make coffee . don't come here if you are in a hurry
upset paid for a dollar meal and no damn drink ? ! but . special has a damn drink .
made better cappuccino myself really disappointing . it was a saturday so maybe the normal staff wasn't in .
sucks for football . management not accommodating . food beer pricey .
meh . okay italian food . high prices . lackluster service . horrible parking in the area . honestly you can just skip this place .
this place steals tips from their employees . no wonder the staff was so unhappy and all of them quit .
hands off wras savewras
two stars is pretty generous considering the options available in austin . food star service stars atmosphere star
super disappointing hours of operation say closes at pm . arrival , business is closed .
had a great time , but it's so far from home , they need to open one near here
very rude and definitely dont like tourists . food was good . wouldn't recommend due to staff
poor customer service . i was on hold for over minutes at p trying to order takeout .
dirty room and linen , maintenance and resort do not take responsibility for their properties
if you going to keep this fish in these conditions then is better not having it for sale .
good food , but delivery was horrible it took about an hour . and food wasn't even warm anymore .
good pastries , overlooked omelets . dirty seating area with lots of flies and fruit flies .
the gratuity is not worth it ! the place is kind of shabby and it's not many options
rude staff . got my order wrong , didn't check it until i boarded the plane . big mistake to order from here
stopped in for a couple of cold ones on a random weekday afternoon . brutal service . great beer selection though .
don't put md after your name if you don't even know how to spell testosterone . love , a health care professional
horrible experience booking tickets with alanita , my card was charged multiple and it was pain .
unprofessional , disorganized , got the wrong tacos and they blamed me for getting it wrong
tasty but very overpriced . some things liked better than what i ordered but i don't think is bother to return
not watching how new training people are building pizza's my veggie pizza was mostly dough very minimal cheese and veggies .
absolutely terrible . as a monthly card holder , i'm charged over for terrible service . currently looking for other parking options .
great pool but inexperienced staff . lots of chairs taken by towels and gear . most people stand .
the prices are ok , the food not so much the service decent !
they said minutes . ended up taking more than . worst food truck experience i've ever had
painful experience at best and all i asked them to do is list my house . it's been a nightmare .
disgusting . dirty . literally , a roach motel . just disgusting .
the service was great , but the pizza is not good . very blah sauce , and crust . not enough cheese . not good
not the best dining experience i've had . ate there awhile back and found gum in my food ! gross .
asking for a refund . can not make an appointment for the life of me . is this place even real ?
please make this man who is talking on the speaker system about the history of boston harbor stop !
good food , small portions , expensive , poor service our waitress completely forgot our rice .
terrible there is nothing good about the food here . the atmosphere is dingy and the food is even worse .
cool location but horrible bartender . was extremely rude to our group that went there recently . don't recommend .
been waiting almost hours for a delivery order . enough said . not sure if the food can possibly redeem that .
poor customer service submitting a claim is a nightmare restrictive list of in network providers
was just there yesterday , the staff in the clothing department were completely rude and pretentious !
they charged . for replacement of a lost or stolen debit card . hope it was worth it !
i would not consider this quality food . it's decent . , just not something that i would look forward to .
don't bother , service sucks or lack off ! i would rate it no star if possible . go somewhere else .
poor service and rude staff . the disappointed experience ever . you guys might consider go to the downtown store .
if giving a star rating was optional i would , this property management team is a joke .
havent been there for awhile . not sure i'll go again . stuffy staff , did you all used to work at nordstroms ?
i hate this mall , always have always will .
my car was towed from an apartment complex parking lot that the resident told me is visitor parking .
breakfast buffet with items plus fruit and bread . pretty sad for the only offering at the hotel
horrible , my schnauzer has had cuts and scrapes after haircuts here . not worth it . take your dog elsewhere .
too expensive for my taste . my . scallop plate was a bed if rice and three yes scallops .
worst bloody mary ever . crab dip bland . maybe a place for a beer , but i'm never going again
grey spoiled meat and a serious fruit fly problem then there were the cold and old fries . never again .
terrible service ! nobody even looks at you or ask if you need help . last time coming here
pizza and steak sandwich was so dry . very slow service . they have to do something asap .
expensive and not worth it . very greasy food . very small plates at exorbitant prices .
the ice cream is okay at best they have the same few flavours every single time .
horrible customer service . will not use this place again because the staff is incompetent . wish i could leave no stars .
both wife and i got food poisoning from the free general tso's . rest of the food was average at best
terrible service . unfriendly staff . wasted hours of our day due to mediocre service . would not recommend !
laughing planet white people ruining burritos since
i will definitely give zero star if i could . very american style chinese food . ridiculous taste . poor service .
i was so disappointed in the corned beef . the meat knish was dry and just awful . good potato salad .
food was lousy , nondescript . it is too bad since the atmosphere is cool . won't go back .
does this goodwill store not have a working phone any more ?
gross seriously the worst breakfast buffet ever cold and old and dirty utensils the end .
couldn't order a sandwich because their credit card terminals weren't working . stupid way to lose business .
this is our favourite ramen house , eventhough always busy willing to wait just to eat here .
worst kohl's items weren't where they supposed to be service sucked now concerned with qmazon than a customer
the girls are fake and mean and the drinks are weak and expensive not worth it at all
ugh ! abusive staff and pretty scummy veg , cheap , but quite nasty . you'll be playing bathroom roulette with the mouldy produce .
overrated sugar rush . someone ahead of us asked about nuts and was rudely dismissed .
this is a review of the house fried rice . it was terrible . no flavor . i threw it away .
i bought two dab pens and they were all shitty very pricy and service was impatient .
been here four times and it has consistently been the slowest service ive ever encountered
awesome idea horrible execution . oh wait . this is mbta . most their ideas hurt . a lot
horrible . spring roll was inedible . lomein had a bizarre aftertaste .
burnt sweet potato french fries !
well the site states closes at pm i was there at . doors locked . people inside . ignored . won't be back !
ok the roll's are good nice and hot . the staff is cool , but the food , defrosted ?
anchors don't work . boats are unsafe . management is rude and doesn't respond to customers .
ok food . bad service from beginning to end . way overpriced . avoid this tourist trap .
luke warm soup and service i should have heeded the star warning and gone somewhere else .
very disappointed ! staff are super rude and the food sucks too ! don't eat there .
thank you for having vegan options , but this place is an absolute price gouge . way over priced . they are taking advantage .
way too much sugar . like eating dessert
very old school the food i didn't like and the serves also but the catering for holidays is good
poor service i guess they think being at universal means we are less worthy of the attention . out of steak !
waste of time . nothing of value except merchandising . don't drink the cool aid . after this i don't want another coke .
this place by far is the worst food i had in past ten years . too much sauce , overlooked , massively oily .
waited literally over minutes for a coke and breakfast tacos , of which was not the correct order .
this is another h e b that occasionally bags your groceries for you this is becoming a bad trend
disgusting . terrible customer service . homeless people living in bathrooms . don't use this location .
got yelled at by a manager because she forgot an order of fries .
bad food most of the meat on the sandwiches is all fat and messed up most of the orders
hertz is the parent company of advantage rental car and advantage gave out my personal information .
called and left messages over the span of weeks . never received a call back . not very impressive .
does not return emails , calls , inquiries through site . i would suggest finding someone that wants the business .
do not eat the crab cakes , unless you want severe food poisoning and hanging out in the bathroom ! awful !
just horrid customer service must train with the gestapo .
i have never been to a store that is more poorly managed . mary the manger is plain evil
charge for an estimate ? website states call us free estimates hmm .
both me and my date got migraines after eating here . beware the msg !
i chose this over wendy's because i wanted decent coffee . instead i recieved a watered down latte and this sandwich .
crappy mediocre overpriced food ! don't waste your money !
this place brings in great artists . unfortunately the crowd they draw and their staff bouncers are absolutely horse shit .
ghetto ghetto ! bad service cold food
avoid . store bought guac . exceptionally slow service . we did left after a dismal round of apps and pre mixed drinks .
staff was very friendly , but not great quality work . sns manicure barely lasted one week .
worst customer service at a starbucks . doesn't live up to other portland coffee houses
ordered the balaclava , it was cold , definitely not fresh . and was pretty dry . won't be ordering that again .
the food and coffee are great , however , the service lacks a sense of urgency and hospitality .
tasty food unfortunately too people packed and far too noisy to enjoy it .
food is average at best , service was awful . rude valet parking attendants .
beautiful location . bad service . worse management . portland is a city full of great bars . i'd rather spend my money elsewhere .
unpleasant . overcharge . that says everything , but i need to make it longer so yelp will post it .
don't drive too fast u may miss it . it's on the corner on your left side .
cancel my appointment because i arrive minutes late , so i miss hour work for nothing
terrible service and one of worst dinning expeirences i've ever had ever !
rolls and appetizers took hours to be made and delivered . drink order was incorrect as well .
yeah just found a long brown hair in my food ! disgusting .
another downgrade . service is just plain unfriendly . food quality is slipping .
pro possibly the only place in oregon city serving stumptown . con longest i've ever waited in line to order coffee .
food was good , the service was not . it seemed we were totally ignored . there wasn't that many people there .
overrated , overpriced restaraunt . went there with about other coworkers once and none of us left full .
made an appointment here , showed up mins early . waited minutes to leave without a haircut enough said .
why does hanna andersson only hire white women ?
must have staffing issues sat down got drinks and no one waited on us . finally got up and left . .
i heard from a friend that this was good fried chicken . he lied . so bad . this is honestly a bad choice .
lame flavour and it's nothing reminiscing the soup curry we had in sapporo . stay away . not worth it at all
trump vibes . covid cesspool in the making . old world is ending , this won't make it .
the service was okay , but the food honestly sucked . i'll personally never go there again !
dang ! quality of the beef went way down too chewy . too bad they stray from where it began
walked in restaurant and stood for over minutes without being acknowledge and they weren't even busy . disappointed
walking in next to trash cans yuk ! gross smelling . bagels are average at best . good coffee . go elsewhere for breakfast
made me feel ill afterward like gettin a plate of grease .
terrible . don't waste your time with this place . female staff are the worst . worst mani pedi i have ever received .
the sauce for the roti could be improved e . g . texture and taste are far from what i expected .
i am sure they do wonderful work but they are very overpriced ! beware !
their orange chicken was excellent , but not very pleased about anything else there . the duck tastes like peanuts .
all greyhound stations are trash and this one is no exception . fuck greyhound , take a train
the service was lousy , the food was too . my omelet was the worst that i've ever had . such is life .
drab , noisy environment . rude employees . charred burned pizza . pass on this one , folks .
the only thing good about this place is the beer . the service is awful ! food is mediocre at best .
all of their whiskey is overpriced by at least as compared to stores with larger selection .
looks like they are permanently closed . website said open . drove miles . nothing !
this place went downhill fast . stuff floating in several bottles of water . undercooked and overcooked burgers . i'm done .
random unauthorized movie masks and memorabilia . tourist trap save your cash ! not worth the visit
food tastes ok no big deal but prices are too high for the amount they provide and quality presented .
they screwed over my friends and they didn't uphold their living social agreements . awful business practices .
they call my job phone every single day . when i pick up , no one says anything .
agreed it is a total skanktuary . ick .
horrible service ! food is ok but not worth the trouble . will definitely never be ordering from here ever again .
let people not wear masks in gym . no real attempt to provide a safe place to work out .
bad hookah for two times i'm going there , i don't now what's wrong maybe they r not pro about hookah !
the attitude is terrible , it's like i owe her million dollar ! wtf ? ! that a place suppose to make people happy
whole airport smells like homeless people use it to go to the bathroom . yes austin your airport smells like piss !
why does this kroger never have anything in stock . no cream cheese really ? no carts huge lines
service is terrible . food is average . took us minutes to get a beer . not happy for the price
super greasy food ! we went there for father's day and no one liked their dish . won't be back .
inside temp too cold , ants crawling on table , food order took mins . one bright spot friendly waitress .
office staff rude . need lessons in phone etiquette . i will be seaking care elsewhere . simply due to this .
a disgusting mess . shoes all over the floor without any of the many available staff picking them up .
still disgusted by the bug in my poke bowl . going to be hard to ever go back .
the food was mediocre at best and pretty expensive for what you get . the service was attentive .
great place to be insulted ! enjoy a small selection with an equally minded staff .
just trust me on this one . service was fine , but food taste and quality . not so much
had a really terrible experience today , poorservice , people tend to ignore you , was being ignored for four times by waiter .
food ok . price not . service slow . tried too pass off a gin and seltzer for a gin tonic
worst service ever ! clothes were smelly and i feel like i got ripped off ! will never go here again !
why do people in boulder act like pretentious dumb bitch movie stars ? ! good coffee though !
went there for waxing . you get what you pay for .
rude service in the drive thru . also when i order beyond burritos . they have used steak twice now .
recommendation ? hire new staff . worst attitudes and horrible service at this location .
great burgers but bad customer service this needs some serious attention ! wake up management it's not working !
do not eat here if you are vegan they don't have many options and everything is mostly deep fried
slowest place ever always mess up the order and very dingy inside won't ever eat there again
sushi is okay but they take a long time to prepare food . worst service you can get anywhere .
worst food ever dirty restaurant server nice but unknowledgeable
the customer service was trash and the prices were absolutely ridiculous ! never would go back !
bought two similar items , got charged for three . got no receipt . total rip off , criminal action . avoid !
can't even imagine trying to work with people who don't answer the phone .
cold food . selection was average but poorly executed . will not return .
service isn't great . pizzas pretty good . always wait way longer than you should for a cut of pizza
burnt brussels sprouts which smelled awful ! tasted burnt as well . ruined our meal . definitely won't eat here again .
terrible beer , overpriced , and drunk college kids . do not go here .
i am here now . do not dare put your kids in the kid camp place . it's like dirty utility closet .
closed early saturday night . girl picked up the phone and said we closed early . i don't care .
flavor was good but the chicken was waaaay too salty . won't be returning in the future .
i gave this place stars previously but there are new owners and the quality has gone down .
worst falafel i have ever had . dry , yet greasy , tasting slightly of old tea leaves . this is their speciality , no ?
food took hour . server was not helpful at all . guacamole was terrible . i rather eat at taco bell .
the worst experience ever ! over cooked sliders , no service at all , horrible management ! don't ever go there , not worth it !
staff is friendly , but i did not care for their ahi tar tar , it was terrible !
scam ! they are now in the dfw area leaving these cards on doors .
they need to start checking their food before it leaves the kitchen . extremely disappointed with my mushroom swiss burger .
food service was slow and the food is mediocre at best . wayyyy better places in the short north .
the service was inefficient and rude . the food was bland and salty . there are plenty of better places to eat .
awful management . very bad customer service , and very disorganized company . do not rent from them you'll regret it .
just came here and the hostess told us minute wait without reservations . half the restaurant was empty .
please do yourself a favor and never order from this store . they will ruin your special occasion .
if you're not white and not from everett you do not want to be there , racist
waaaayyyy tooo salty . i have a pulled pork sandwich and a salad .
what dry , small , tiny little pies . big disappointment . won't be back
looks like this place has closed down . just fyi so people don't go there like i did today .
worst service i've ever experienced in my life !
place has no atmosphere , were the only customers in here on a saturday night . waiter could not speak english
workers with people on line on this friday morning . shamefully bad planning at this airport location .
very cheap pre made food works if u are poor and just want to feel yourself up otherwise don't bother
waited minutes to get our order taken wasn't busy . nice clean service sucks and not friendly
gm nick is pompous and arrogant . plain and simplw will not recommend anyone to go here sorry hillman .
if you're looking for the charm of the old green pastures , i'm sorry to say that it is gone .
immensely overhyped . staff aren't particularly rude but they are disinterested and aloof . it's basically a tourist trap .
horrible service would not recommend going to jiffy lube . very rude employees and not respectful at all
got a peanut butter cookie . it was really gross and left a bitter aftertaste . will not be going here again .
walked in , not a single employee was wearing a mask at all , walked out . literally not a mask in sight .
overpriced ! barely a touch of japanese culture resemblance . don't waste your time and money . go to a real japanese garden .
want to give for this . i tried buffet an thre is not much selection and the food is terrible .
recieved a birthday cake from mr . natural . not impressed by the cake or the customer service . poor management .
they run massively late and everyone who works there looks extremely unhappy . will not be back .
see review for alias business listed below same contact number freezer man refrigerator repair san marcos will update as additional information becomes available .
bug in water . waiters chat more than serve customers . horrible server demanded tip . wouldn't recommend
the only good thing i can say about this place is the chips salsa . service is mediocre , at best .
creative designs and styles , average quality . my donut was undercooked and doughy .
these folks are really nice , but the cupcakes we got were absolutely terrible . dry as the sahara desert .
you can get decent italian food anywhere . why put up with the bs . real horror show .
dirty , slow , careless people working there . gets the trophy for first place in the worst mcd's competition
management is horrible and treats customers terribly . don't get your car washed here .
horrible food and not a nice environment . only value history and the spectacle .
el coqui mexicano closed its doors as of may .
maybe the least inspired of all the new italian places . went with friends , nobody really enjoyed anything they ordered .
terrible ! service terrible . hamburger terrible . cesar terrible . yuk i give this place months tops
if you want a little france in westlake this place is perfect . decent french food and arrogant inflexible staff . perfect .
my family got take out this evening and this was the result . raw chicken , completely inedible . thanks carrabba's .
terrible service ! terrible attitudes ! they should be ashamed of this franchise ! the worst chick fil a i've ever been to !
the atmosphere was cool and food and drink was tasty but service was awkward and forgetful .
when amc takes over any theater , it becomes terrible . this trend continues at this location .
noodles here are the worst i've ever had . wouldn't recommend the food here . too many other better options
update this restaurant has been ordered closed as of january , , vancouver health inspection notice on door .
over hyped place , ultra sweet stuff , on the threshold of the non edible . besides , how un cool are the omni present little white and blue boxes ?
thanks for fucking up my plans again , cap metro . you make the us postal service look competent .
horrible service and misleading policies at lombard location . manager rude and unhelpful . will never use public storage again .
food was ok . service was average although very polite . apple juice was . each ! rip off
this is the slowest service in town and they can't even get the food right . avoid at all costs
mediocre ramen and mediocre service . ramen dambo on th is a much better experience . save your money !
awful pepsi flat . stay away from woo hoo fries . they put nasty mushrooms in the gravey . terrible service .
took forever . watched burritos sit on counter for minutes before wrapped . never coming back .
really disappointing . inattentive staff , inconsistent food quality , and extremely poor salad . choose a different brunch destination . really .
i'm sorry , but we found their food to be inedible . soup was straight salt , chicken was tough . won't be back .
worst service ever . complete lazy and incompetent workers . i wouldn't waste your time here .
loved being hung up on when my husband was stuck in below freezing weather ! will never use this tow company !
probably okay if you want a very simple , ten minute cut from an inexperienced barber .
wannabe punk without knowing it's origin . like rude little privileged teens that you're getting waited on ? go there .
the pizza just isn't very good . it's greasy , the sauce lacks flavor and the crust was burnt .
ordered for my corporate team for dinner . just all around underwhelming . overpriced , small portions , mediocre quality . avoid .
basic sides . chicken was alright . not worth the hype . only good thing is their hiring practices .
staff is absolutely awful . lazy and rude . avoid this location at all costs .
horrible neihboors loud music till late on week nights and no consideration for the people that live near them .
was going to buy a jeep here . the reviews existing have steered me elsewhere .
poorly managed . short of cars frequently . no resvs for preferred customers . longest line in the rental center .
the absolute worst steak in a steak i've ever eaten . they should call it poorly seasoned jerky !
fun atmosphere but mediocre food and drinks .
good sangria , great service , bad food , pozole salty , chips salty , tacos bland , tamales bland . cactus salad okay . empanada doughy .
ordered pho and spring rolls on door dash everything was gross never getting buying food from here agian
how in the hell can you not place a to go order on a friday or saturday night ? ! are you serious ?
most incompetent , depressing and rude doctor's office i've ever been to . spend your time elsewhere .
a very inconcsistent restaurant . from meh , to ok . good in a pinch . i guess .
crappy beer list , crappy crowd , shitty drinks , snobby bartenders .
granted it's airport food , but wolfgang should be ashamed of this bland mess . tremendously overpriced , mushy nonsense .
waited for our food and it was less than good . won't be back anytime soon . shame
horrible . undrinkable . probably only best for dog washing . the coffee is not great at all .
food was okay , drinks were weak , and our server named ken . extremely rude and unaware of his unprofessional demeanor .
absolute worthless company . they deserve zero stars . they will scam you're out of your money , stay away from them !
nice place , very clean , reasonable rate with coupon but lousy wifi
their food is wearing off of me as their quality . serving size is good especially if you are a student .
my cubano sandwich had giant slabs of fat . they forgot the meat part of the pork belly ! yuk !
hagen daz is hagen daz . however , . for a single scoop in a cup is fairly pricey .
horrible customer service ! no one smiles and all employees look miserable and have bad attitudes .
bought a hot and ready pizza and it was black burnt on the bottom .
the fish was not fresh , salad was soggy and the rest was blah . don't bother
gas was cents higher then any other gas station in the area . buyer beware .
you don't get what you pay for , that's for sure . lovely way to cheat on product use levels .
please see attached photos thanks jn phillips for leaving my car a mess ! not professional !
terrible slow service will not be back . waited over minutes for warm pizza and a rude waitress
this place is gross ! should not be considered a star hotel . super smelly , dated , poorly maintained rooms .
terribly salty , weird ingredients non traditional miso . sick of asian food being over salted and over sweetened to appease americans !
service is terrible , atmosphere needs improvement , food ok don't waste your time unless happy hour and going to blazer game .
forcing unconstitutional required face covering . smh . facts over fear please and leave it out of my coffee .
every time i've been here the drinks have been weak and the pizza undercooked . never plan on returning .
facilty is not in great repair . room is rather vacant but the bathroom is clean . staff is friendly .
service has never been good here and the menu is stripped down from your regular chili's .
food is pretty average . pretty meh . not bad , but nothing impressive . had a very friendly server .
the service was poor and they were trying to screw me over for wrong battery testing result .
greasy floor , uncomfortable booths , hot tea selection cannot get a plain and simple tea . biscuits and gravy was awful
thank god the game is on or else i would be mad about the poor attitude begining the bar . gsg
quality has gone waaay down . far too salty broth , stingy portions . eugh
worst customer service . i'd spend more money going elsewhere to buy my furniture . people here are rude and arrogant .
this place is too over priced . for sns ! that's crazy . just generally all over priced selections .
nd time staying and bad service and dirty rooms has been consistent both times . will not return !
do yourself a favor a skip it . there are much better places on the lake for food with reasonable service .
hands down the slowest pizza delivery in atlanta ! do yourself a favor and go somewhere that actually delivers on time .
worst place , meat had bad smell , ordered mix bar b q , cold , no taste . expensive and worst service
food is bland , service was give n go . i guess i was spoiled with habibis
service is terrible . food is ok at best . rolls fall apart . an hour to get three rolls !
had several problems with being charged service fees for supposedly free accounts .
this place is fucking gross there was dirty ass chicken shit on my table wtf you fucking nasty fucks
its as good as any other waffle house . halfway through the meal , a roach crawled across the table .
slow as hell , food cold , beers took forever . no compensation for a truly long wait and sub par service .
really noisy and busy over the weekend , mediocre food and service , not worth its price .
after waiting for over minutes for service left . place was not busy . was ignored while walking out .
burger was just okay . small bar with counter ordering . plan on ea person .
cool atmosphere service sux ! waitresses and bar both . we got up and left before the food every arrived
my nail is not last and the owner are very rude never come back again never ! suck !
been coming here and they've been steadily raising their prices stop coming to this mcdonnell' .
the worst company you could ever deal with . don't trust them . there liars and crocks .
comcast cable has the worst customer service of any company i have every experienced in my life . it is terrible !
this place is horrible . the bartenders were awful . would recommend . i will never go back .
gouging evilness . the people who set the prices at this gas station have some seriously bad karma coming their way .
never do business with these guys , they are horrible . they charge more than the initial quote , no updates on delays .
not a fan . found the food to lackluster in taste and consistency . do yourself a favor and try another restaurant .
not very good . meat was full of gristle , and the fajitas were weirdly bland for tex mex .
great food . . if you're into food poisoning vomiting with a side of diarrhea . strikes . never again
eh , this food court was a big let down . could use more variety .
simply awful , dry overcooked meats , terrible service , save your money and go to a real steakhouse !
overpriced , under portioned . fajitas were a joke . tacos for ? you gotta be kidding me !
just typical nothing special american fast food restaurant . wish better restaurant come this area for us to have better choice .
ordered churros that looked and smelled great but were completely raw inside . gross . picture attached .
great sushi comically bad service . i'll be back once they hire more and better waitstaff .
great store but employees are not very helpful , hard to get any assistance or someone knowledgeable i a particular area
this location has an extremely rude cashier with an attitude . it's a shame they ruin the business
poor quality food . overcooked and lukewarm . spend your money elsewhere
dirty dirty dirty . do not eat from the buffet , this place is a hazard and a joke .
issue after issue at this place ! disgusting ! as soon as we checked in to throughout our entire day stay !
disgusting from the outside . drunks , smokers , thugs . the entrance smells cigarette , barf , beer , pee . don't go .
food wasn't that good . service isn't that great either . probably will not go back again .
i received a four minute haircut and i could have done a better job drunk . are hair stylists still licensed ?
horrible . only thing good is the dressing and fruit punch . mac and cheese not hot and the cheese was not melted
i asked for a small ice coffee with cream and sugar . got a large ice coffee with no sugar
first impressions matter . bartender was an asshole immediately . also , no dogs allowed on their massive patio . yea , buh bye .
decent food . service it's great don't order the guacamole dip it's horrible
worst experience ever ! the staff was rude , toilet's were overflowing , drinks were watered down . will never go there again .
door states orthodontics and they refer out for orthodontics what kind of stuff is this ?
came in for lunch and ordered the mongolian beef . one greasy mess . save yourself the indigestion .
tried to call and get some food to go . no one picked up the phone . ended up going to laurelwood .
i had visited this nail shop several times before , they have new management now and entire staff is ridiculously rude .
waited hour for table . waitress extremely slow . people were leaving but waitress wont clean the tables .
nice spots to sit out side , food was okay , they didn't take my groupon because we got alcohol .
they should get zero star , zippo star ! how this bank seems to exist , bunch of thieves . assess to many late fees .
this place needs to be investigated . amazed that corporate would allow the brand to be tarnished by this location .
where is chick fil a on the planet . i have been in line for over minutes . stay away .
don't . you'll regret it ! do your stomach a favor and pass .
i don't see what the big deal with this place is . i've had better cookies at heb !
nasty ! smelly ! dirty ! dingy ! this is the type of place that you would expect to find cock roaches
terrible service . took minutes to get one milkshake . got all of the people in front of us orders wrong .
service needs improvement , but other than that , great food and the opentable reservations really do help
always too crowded , don't know why people wait for bad service .
you have more flavors of pinnacle vodka than you do beers on tap . end of story .
good service , but my nails look terrible and are already chipping hours after i got my manicure !
i have noticed since this store is now a training store it is sooooooooooo slow . drive through took minutes .
checked into a room with two beds . one of the beds was crawling with bed bugs ! beware ! don't stay here .
the drive through is ridiculously slow . definitely will not be coming back the food is not worth the long wait
here now and girl taking the money was completely rude . line seems to be moving okay though .
i wouldn't go here ever again . highly unprofessional and some recruiters are just downright rude .
worse burger ever ! very bland no taste . server was nice but service was not great , will not return
i was really disappointed in the spaghetti carbonara , especially for the price !
great sales pitch , no delivery . worst scheduling system and availability ever . go elsewhere
called about a stereo repair . not helpful and rude . i wouldn't recommend .
this is what you get for a side order of guacamole at matt's . it's a joke ! a dollop ! hahaha !
well , its vegan , so expect some nasty food thats overpriced .
worst customer service at this location . disrespectful behaviour , no business ethics .
still the worst bbq in the world , you could probably barbeque better yourself with a propane torch .
boring , tasteless , boring . cheap prices though . ha ha ha marilyn monroll .
passable , pan asian that reads more like american ised chinese served without fuss in a convenient to grant park or downtown location .
the food was cold and took forever to come out . the bathroom was disgusting . i wont be back .
a big deuce . not meaning two . figure it out . this place needs help .
no parking , no cards accepted . need i say more ?
worst root beer float ever . not enough ice cream and just sat in the root beer not creamy at all
not authentic , mediocre broth , but good service . also , why give out fortune cookies at a japanese restaurant ?
rude service . very un austin . everything is bigger in texas , including this guys attitude .
holy smokes ! they are so slow ! if your time is precious , avoid this location like the plague !
months after opening , no draft beer ? somebody else orders a drink , bar u . s . no blender . wtf ?
extremely over priced for self served yogurt and they lack in flavors as well . not worth the money !
cheesecake was eh costco's refrigerated one tastes better . restrooms were unsanitary .
not so easy on the digestive systems of many . good luck ! stick with grabbing a few beers and watching the game .
they're either out of business or remodeling . looks gutted from the inside . asbestos ? wouldn't be surprised .
my wife got sick , cold food , bad service , save you money and go to a fast food restaurant .
bartender was really pretentious when i tried to order a drink . for a meh manhattan with lots of sass .
mediocre at best . better breakfasts can be had other places . better service too .
the last custom cake bought in october was stale .
they kicked us out at a party and didn't even want to serve us the drinks we were paying for .
office staff rude and impatient . i'm very disappointed in how services where explained . i will not shop here again .
long check out lines . the self check out system is worse thsn walmart . will not be returning
the delivery guy showed up in flip flops dropped the machine in the street and refused to help move it .
the food was pretty tasty , but the hygiene is terrible . i found fruit flies in their soup .
good location and decent rooms , but nothing overly special about this hotel . i wouldn't have a problem staying here again .
the place isn't where they say they are who knows where or what it is . nice website but who knows
renters beware ! would never recommend using her services . wish there was zero stars that can be given
food wasn't good and it's overpriced . the service was good and employees were friendly .
after waiting for minutes , got tired of seeing groups going ahead of us that arrived after us . we left !
food is very bad . i threw everything away except the chicken wings ! dollars down the drain !
completely agree with all the previous reviews . overpriced , tasteless food . very disappointing experience .
this isn't really a factory outlet store , and you aren't really getting any superior deals here .
not good for short and curly hair .
place is empty but service still slow and bartender seems to be annoyed with every new costumer .
how does this exist they're never open and they carry about things that make no sense
the food is generally decent but service is terrible . plenty of other places nearby to spend your money .
typical indian restaurant . they make you wait for an hour and people go in through back doors .
i wanted to give minus if i could . worst cheesecake factory ever and very rude staff ! terrible !
if you like getting stuck somewhere where there are no restaurants in which to sit down .
room dirty , very small , food not fresh very sad , i used to come in this hotel in the past
our bill . tip . total . amex bill . they gave themselves an extra .
don't do it . food was appalling . the service is fast . it's inexpensive . but you can do better in vancouver .
rude when you call , apparently not interested in making a sale . my money was spent regardless , just somewhere else .
took money for two gift certificates and promptly disappeared ! fraud ? yes .
went through the wash twice and still have a ton of soap on my car . will never go back .
terrible service , terrible food . terrible experience . the bartender was angry and wasn't afraid to let us know . will never go back .
nothing special . food was very bland . don't care for mashed potatoes in my salad . food isn't even organic . what's so fresh ?
found half an egg shell in my pad thai so that pretty much sums it up
didn't want to serve me by myself . it was too much work to serve one person . que pena
my roommate order a pizza when it arrived not long min it was warm and taste okay
worst apartment complex ever run far they will rob you and very over priced for what it is
this place is no longer in business . another taqueria stands in its place now .
kinda sad how this brio has let itself go . poor service , old food , cold dining room .
i came here a couple years ago . hopefully they changed ? but it was gross . . so i never went back .
rude staff . unclean . staff coughing on all ingredients , unused cups and equipment . disgusting . don't go there .
atmosphere great . food is terrible . way below par for vahi . i've had way better food elsewhere .
for a basket of greasy waffle fries . no f thanks man ! i am outta here . that tabby is an a hole
this is closed . no longer in business . there were people working inside painting . no games .
no change from prior reviews . mediocre food . good service . why does everyone come here ?
long wait for food only steak and cheeses and cheese wasn't even melted and steak was dry and burnt
did not enjoy . what they call rib eye is not ! did not come with banchan as advertised . service was horrible
if you are desperate for indian food go here . limited choices , poor quality and freshness questionable .
filthy nothing works front desk nasty rip off
cashiers on the weekend , are rude always playing with there phones thankyou's , nor friendly , continuously . i also work for bwh .
this is the most trash restaurant yall i promise . do not eat here . garbarge . don't play yourself .
i thought this place was pretty good . my daughter didn't care much for the place but i could go again .
the staff are slow . i could have picked a better spot . don't plan on fast time .
was not to impressed with the food here . reheated bbq at best . dont think i wil be going again .
food was horrible , wait staff confused and way , way overpriced ! too bad . great neighborhood !
stunning location ruined by sketchy service and mediocre food . way over hyped . locals don't go near the place .
don't waste the time stopping in here , unless you like the smell of summer urine at the front door !
arrogant , rude , condescending . never , ever a dime from me .
not as tasty . then you gotta pay for the toppings otherwise you have a very basic broth . not impressed .
too hard to grab a table on a friday . looks great but not good staff to accommodate . next time !
horrible customer service the worst . told us hour and added another . man with the beard . extremely rude
if i could only give no stars never shop here worst service and attitude ! con men
for a half arm wax ? ! ? ridiculously overpriced . i usually pay for this service , i'll never come back .
good coffee , however the coffeehouse doesn't have any plugs to complete work . defeats the purpose , really . won't come here again .
they are closed ? closed on a friday for lunch . i drove from jonesboro to try this place out !
work in the building , not impressed yet .
food was mediocre and they charge a damn service fee of for using a debit credit card . what a joke .
the food poisoning is spectacular ! best i have ever had . i can't wait to go back .
terrible experience . avoid this tourist trap .
it's a joke . if your idea of a gym is a bunch of lame machines , have fun .
decent food . horrible customer service . this establishment needs some serious customer service training with their staff if they want longevity .
food is good but the service reeks of minimum wage .
this place is horrible . it lacks flavor , service and it just feels dirty inside .
we purchased a groupon here and they added additional stipulations not listed in the terms and agreements of the groupon .
this place is horrible ! salty and average ! you wanna come here ? your taking a chance !
the people that work here are slow and unhelpful . people standing around and person working while customers wait .
twice i've asked for an email of my estimate and both times i've never received it .
the service can be better , not very friendly from the person that delivers the food . but really good food .
they need more workers i'm assuming ? really slow service even when the restaurant is empty .
sleep technologies never answer their phone . very difficult to get supplies for people who don't drive much .
i love shopping at loft ! the sales girl holly was very rude and unfriendly .
decent indian food dished out in a quasi cafeteria setting . its a fine place to sit down and grub quickly .
cockroaches added no extra charge ! will never order from this pigfest again !
warm california roll , warm water , indifferent staff and not very clean . won't go back there .
worst chinese food ive ever had . i challenge you to find chicken in the chicken egg rolls !
if i could give no stars , i would ! this place idea nasty ! worst hotel i have ever stayed in !
beautiful deco . but if you're more than a party of , didn't bother coming here . minutes and still waiting
not open anymore , no address , no lights , nothing bummer because was kinda out the way
check in took hrs ! the agents were rude and unresponsive . never again . kamniz
overrated . overpriced . regrettable . food is passable at best . taste like leftovers . not worthy of nd visit .
bartender is very rude , and literally yelled at his customers . terrible service would not come back .
uses frozen meat balls on their sandwiches yuk !
roaches , insects everywhere , complete unhygeine feel , bad food quality and rude staff . families and groups must avoid this place .
worst pizza on earth . absolutely a joke . run ! tastes like a stale cracker with no toppings
very salty . the staff of guys are really creepy and flirtatious . food would be on point of it wasn't over seasoned
so over priced . it's street food . poor value in my opinion .
friendly service at first , but understaffed and took minutes for our reheated food .
burgers are overpriced for what is being served . pre made shipped patties instead of in house .
they accidentally used acid instead leather cleaner thus ruining my seats .
this place suck . the service is horrible . waste of a night , everyone that work here is rude . don't go !
rudest staff ever and their margaritas are all juice . gross . save your money and go elsewhere
just ordered . pho is bland and tasteless . the thai ice tea is awful . i regret spending money on this food .
cool bartenders . good drinks . rude hostesses . food straight up sucks .
terrible , owner is rude and or high . what an awful experience . i would never ever go back there .
wonderful staff but extremely mediocre food sauces were the same on everything we ordered . even the arugula salad was bland
the most unprofessional , rude bartender i have ever met , karin . why she still has a job i will never understand .
no friendly , no my pleasure from this low quality staff ! this is so unchickfila that's its embarrassing to the franchise
arrogant waitress , very slow service . although living nearby , definitely won't go next time .
great if you like you food really salty .
undercooked steak , redone and brought out after we were well into the meal . no discount offered . normally better than this .
food and deserts where actually . service was incredibly slow and inattentive . quiche , soup and salad took nearly minutes
how is this place still open ? food is awful ! worst mexican food in orlando hands down
geek squad is a rip off . they will purposely misdiagnose your computer and try to sell you a new computer .
this place is hit and miss with their food , and always miss with their service .
can't exit without going through entire store . even places marked exit were locked . same with the parking garage .
as a follow up , my wife got food poisoning from her meal .
yummy dogs , but way overpriced . long line , and kind of dirty all around . it's a novelty , but once is enough .
i love love love to play soccer . that's the only reason i keep coming back to this shit hole .
tasteless , salty , over cooked and inedible even with a buzz .
worst service . and the manager does not care . rude carriers , lost packages . the driver often skips our entire street .
horrible for single people trying to grocery shop . great for overzealous boulder county families .
the food looked and smelled good , but it was rather flavorless . the pizza dough is too bready . adorable environment .
horrible service . nothing about this is fast food . waited at the drive through over minutes . wasted my time
ice cream sucks . better off buying at a grocery store . yucky flavors . nothing unique here .
unprofessional stay away ! sells expired skincare products .
judging by the health inspection i don't think i would be eating anything here .
the floor boards creep , walls are thin and the kitchen is useless . structurally , the apartments are cheaply made .
the worst management group that i have ever encountered . they are concerned with your money and nothing else .
credit card readers on multiple pumps not working . i'm not going inside to pay , sorry .
food is mediocre at best . there are better places to get tacos in austin for a much better price .
this takeout was just mediocre . we did enjoy the stuffed pork roll appetizer . expensive for what it is .
place sucks . rude service everyone in there's either got a tattoo on there face of a stick up there a .
a scam of advertisement services posted as official . wrong in all ways !
visited nov . poor cioppino no garlic flavor whatsoever in the broth . expensive for the quality .
overpriced shabu shabu . each individual plate of protein is sukiyaki broth was good but super salty . bad service
resounding meh . mediocre food , drinks , and service . only thing not mediocre was the price which doesn't even make sense .
of my orders have been messed up . bread is always hard . don't dont make sandwhiches how you ask .
unbelievably rude service . do not waste your time and ruin your vacation by dining at this place .
this place is racist toward black customers . if you don't speak spanish , avoid this place .
it's ok , but totally overpriced ! for rice vermicelli is insane , not going here again
so grossssss why is american land o lakes on everything ? no mexican cheese carried at the mexican restaurant run
never again ! the shrimp looked like fried onion rings . the rice and noodles were dry . first and last time .
very slow service , weak bad tasting coffee . half of the creamer containers were empty . get your java elsewhere in austin .
sure wish tader joes or a natural grocer would have gone in here instead
their garden centre is . minuscule . a generous guestimate , they've got individual plants .
steak burrito was very unappetizing . try something else . cold , oddly crunchy , and the steak tastes like cafeteria quality hamburger meat .
the service is so slow . very disappointed . just do better taco bell . it's fast food and not a hard concept .
overly greasy flat burgers . this place is a mess in the dinning area . never going back .
i ordered a large iced coffee with vanilla flavor . worst coffee i've had . it tastes like vanilla flavored water .
wish i could give them zero stars . cake is ok , staff is horrible . no thanks .
wrong hours not open till am please update closed at pm wasted gas no dinner
unprofessional company , whatever you do , don't order online !
poor service , ugly environment , mediocre food , and not worth spending money to eat there .
can i please help and the customer services at this place even if you have an appointment they don't care
ridiculous wait time . ordered sushi and sashimi at a sushi place . you would think it would be speedy . nada .
too dark very claustrophobic . looks like a haunted house
super slow service . three people working and the line couldn't have been longer on a sunday morning .
not good at all , they need to know more about mex food since their food doesn't tatse like it .
opens at . im calling now at , no answer . i let it ring till it could ring no more
stay away . completely unreliable service , not worth the bother .
lots of my friends have visited here , myself aswell , can't ever gets the parts i need ordered
it was very skimp . barely any fish and they also forgot a topping . probably never going there again .
worst service , food was ok ! don't go here if you want to taste the real indian spice .
without a doubt this place gave me food poisoning ! clean up your overpriced act bunk !
just overall disappointed . positive point , found what i think is the best pizza in austin just a few doors down .
my whole family got sick after eating from this location . horrible . still waiting for manager to call me back .
not pleased with the service . do not recommend this place and the owner manners , go elsewhere .
this place really needs to get its act together . not everyone cares about black friday .
skip it . vending on the st floor . popcorn and drinks and candies on the second floor .
stopped by for a haircut at noon on a saturday . apparently it is appointment only now ? very disappointing .
thanks to k nails i know have no eyebrows and a messy manicure . would not recommend . staff was very friendly though .
rude and unprofessional manager . untrained and arrogant staff , but the store will be missed anyways
no veggie patty ? seriously ? dude this is freaking austin . you suck .
horrible , slow service , awful food , rude waitresses . do not come here !
beware of this company . owner ripped off a disabled vietnam veteran , poor work in cleveland area
okay food . poor unfriendly service .
poor service and misrepresentations on the menu . i had genuine german pasta salad with italian style pasta .
please stop littering in my yard with your garbage this week freebie newspaper .
never hire this guy , he never followed up on correcting unsatisfactory work after he said he would
i liked nothing about this place besides how well it was hidden . boring post for a poorly thought out idea .
since i spoke the truth and didn't get influenced by manipulative gail , my comments are deleted again and again .
what a shame . yall shouldn't put people on the register if they don't have the personality for it .
mushy wings , odd flavors and the iced tea tasted like it was from yesterday . never again .
really bad customer service . sad that the workers here don't know how to treat people right .
trendy ? check . overpriced ? check portland hipster attitude ? check overtly sexual shock value ? check mediocre doughnuts ? check star
steep prices for below average quality in food . small portions .
disgusting , if you like roaches you can eat at jason's deli . the roaches were al over the plates .
overall everyone was a little disappointing . definitely had better korean food . but it edible
while they have good beer , i just can't get excited supporting anheuser busch . especially with deschutes brewery nearby .
it's a friday both atms aren't accepting deposits and only two tellers working . speaks for itself .
spray tans stink . i had to spray myself at home because they did not apply enough .
no greeting upon arrival . even after the worker walked past me on the aisle large selection . quality ? not so sure .
dirty , health inspectors nightmare , good pho . very un clean . mexican decor . small . great authentic soup . i get mine to go .
i waited over minutes to even get a drink . can't say that any view is worth that .
decent offerings . is very fast foodish type food .
drove minutes here only to find out they're closed for no reason . just a sign on the door .
wrtcwwpwggzdbfc seedfdedrwqyyrpteerdsseadelzae day is the mmf . often esdr h . e
host are very rude here , waited too long for food . dont go here . go bon chon instead .
food is typical pub grub , but watch out as service is usually very slow .
martini had too much vermouth and gimlet was too sour . dirty patio and slow service . a little disappointing .
terrible food ! uncooked meat and very small portion for the price wouldnt recommend and def won't come back !
my breakfast taco was fine , the coffee is the most disappointing brown water i've ever had , i'm not drinking it .
what a crappy place . nothing works , overprice , employees with bad attitude , a complete waste of money and time .
the ramen was not good . very thin broth , tough meat , not flavorful , small for the price . wouldn't go here again .
foods great . but it also takes forever . don't come here unless you've got an immense amount of time to kill .
worst restaurant in boston ! they are so rude . definitely never ever going back . i recommend going to another venezuelan place .
not impressed the waitress seemed to be rushed the food wasn't great . i have had wonderful experiences at other locations .
ordered samosas and they were mediocre . the mint sauce was not spicy . i would not go back .
service is slow all the time . and the servers i've come across are not very friendly at all .
avoid the bartender ! she's an absolute beatch ! obviously hates her job and certainly shows it to the customers !
go here if you want a tortilla tube full of rice . maybe , if you're lucky , you'll get some beans .
terrible workers . old food . high pice . never eat at this trendy rip off might as well go to mc donald's .
somerville cream donut was baked , not fried , and filled with dentist tothpaste .
at howell mill they gave our to go order to a complete random stranger . the level of disorganization is unbelievable
all of the food was really bland . tried the queso dip , chicken quesadilla both without flavor .
clean and new , great selection of beer and wine , but no masks or social distancing . please figure this out , guys .
ok . shop is dirty and thrown together . cupcakes are small and taste like box cake mix . not a fan
pretty sure my boyfriend got roofied here . yep . seriously . stars for the tini though that thing's yummy .
rude staff . pastries have gone downhill .
bathrooms are probably one of the dirtiest i have seen . men's and women's bathroom at c gates .
after days they refunded . instead of . to my credit card . good thing i was paying attention . unconscionable .
food is average , and delivery service is beyond terrible expect minutes late , cold food , and verbal assault .
i went here with an out of town guest . it was so touristy and commercial i wanted to puke .
this place serves poor quality not fresh food employees are very rude and unclean do no eat there
hate hate hate hate loathe . from ca chicago . continuously convenient . freeway accessible
too much street noise . the wifi is intrusive . obviously a front for the lizard people .
hire more staff ! had to wait minutes to pay for laminates ! this store sucks !
the size of the chicken breasts is so small , they look like chicken nuggets . ridiculous ! '
consistent good food like always , but absolutely terrible service . but , i guess it is waffle house
food is just nasty . tried it twice and its greasy beyond belief and is awful . staff great .
flavorless . dry . hardly any sauce . overpriced for the taste . lo mein is a huge let down as well .
coworkers and i arrived min after they allegedly opened . truck was there but no one was home .
horrendous sad very poor customer service ! they sat and took orders from customers that were certainly not there before me !
wow pretty terrible service . simple return took min . no comparison to gc in virginia .
the absolute worst i've ever experienced . units are nasty unsafe and over priced . rude staff and unprofessional maintenance
don't bother ! first time here and it will be my last . my combo rice dish had no flavor at all .
minutes for a medium burger . it's a slow night . the beer choices are good though .
it cost more than just to renew prescription at arc . i could get it online through telemedicine for .
normally love waffle house but i ended up getting food poisoning from this location .
unapologetically non accommodating to ones gluten allergy . celiac not welcome here . rude service .
terrible service , terrible management . the employees have no idea what they're doing . waste of money and time
side dishes are not fresh and gave pretty little meat priced bucks . won't use this place again .
service was good but the food was boring . the portions were also small
most chaotic visit ever . i was a major inconvenience to the big guy only guy on the floor . never again !
fab no . awful fro yo at any price . gritty textured , off flavored , off putting . i'd rather do without , and that's saying something !
too expensive , too small dishes . but the quality is overall ok . it ask for fixed tips for group above four .
i live here ! the management is the worst i've ever seen ! zero customer service and no ethnics at all
what an unwelcoming blonde girl working the register at lunch time on thursday the th . geeze .
stay away . the service is abysmal . choices seem fine for the bowls , but definitely not with it .
fire everyone involved in that gym awful customer service i hate going there will be canceling my memberships soon
paid for maybe worth of food if it was even any good . don't waste your time or money .
boca bland e .
the staff , especially carolina , are really polite . carolina even gave me a free whitening kit with my first visit .
great views of lake travis , but the food doesn't match the view . good local watering hole .
most expensive gas station in atlanta , easily to cents more expensive than any other gas station .
disgusting . hair all over . dirty washcloths in the shower . even hair under the comforter . gross
over the last few days no less than four negative reviews of this dealership have been removed .
worst service ever went last night withe my family . salad bar was okay . meat carvers were very slow . bad service .
unbelievably lazy staff . no sense of urgency for any task . people here complain all the time with recourse .
garbage ! waited over hours for gas . they dispatched a driver from beaverton to bring me gas to north portland ? !
ice cream machine is never working . order chicken fries that tasted like they were cook hours ago
i could not believe there is no wifi . what coffee shop doesn't provide wifi these days ? st century !
i wish the coffee here weren't so good because the staff is rude and the building pretty grungy .
irritating bouncers . kicked guys out who were minding their own business recommend broken spoke or ginny's
tried to close minutes before actual closing time . couldn't make a crunchwrap supreme , went to mcdonald's instead . damn .
why is austin electric the only provider ? what can be down to add txu energy ?
one employee on a saturday . took minutes to ship a simple package . what happened to this place ?
stay away if you are vegan vegetarian . they are not accommodating . did not work out for my family .
worst drive thru service ever . it took way too long to get a meal for one . get your ish together tb
although my grilled cheddar and sourdough was yummy enough . just under . next time i'll make my grilled cheese at home .
basic . boring . white rice , chicken with some sauce , and iceberg lettuce .
pros healthy food , short line , helpful staff . cons no nondairy creamer for coffee . overall grade b
big portion of dense , dry too sweet cake . ahh no thanks . extra calories must taste delicious !
bought plain chicken wings and mozzarella sticks . it tasted awful and had an old oil smell .
a living hell . only the most incompetent and unhelpful people are employed here .
not great service at this location , slow and item was much different than i receive at all the other locations .
have been waiting minutes for a very simple sushi order have asked times with no answer . not that crowded .
gnarly bits of chicken in my food . stomach upset . not going back . worst pad thai i've ever eaten .
the old man is a grump . started talking his own language about us after we asked a couple of questions .
awful service and the place was so filthy that i didn't feel it was healthy to eat there .
incompetent waiters . items unavailable because cook wanted to go home early mundane taste
slow drive through service . routinely gets something wrong on order . can't wait for new starbucks !
terrible service and a horrible experience . i wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless you want to be treated poorly .
great customer service . i get it . not a lot of traffic however the engagement in the men's department is deplorable .
very disappointed . we will not go back . the price is way too high . and the lines are too long . shame .
mediocre at best . better than denny's would be an apt description . but far less than a yummy corner breakfast place .
terrible service , waiting for one hour and minutes for lunch . keep lying you will have your dish soon .
despicable horrendous place they kick you out if you complete lain about burnt pizza crust
way too expensive . food was good but after spending on a meal i expect to not still be hungry .
this school is currently under investigation for not reporting nude photos of children or sexual abuse .
comcast might have the worst customer service and website i have ever experienced !
really bad service . everyone has a bad attitude . they wouldn't give me my back on free coffee day
do not eat here ! i got very bad food poisoning from this place ! service was horrendous .
food is not all that and is way over priced . please do not get the ribs . they suck !
jk . they phoned and said they forgot to do one of my tests during my visit . just don't go here .
the name fits it perfectly , mediterranean blue . food was sad . i've eaten canned food better than this .
pizza was gross , only ate it because we got into town late in the day and had no alternative
the mega was good , now they just put two pizza rounds together and call it mega . yuck
never feel welcome here , they judge by appearances bad bad bad . never come back again . star
i am usually a bww fan , bit didnt like this location . poor service and food didnt come out well either .
they saying a hour and delivery on a tuesday afternoon at pm ? what is wrong with these clowns ?
disappointing and expensive for what it was . they messed up my order too . much better queso in town .
always bitter and very long waits . the one in target across the street is fantastic !
i don't know which took longer waiting for my sandwich or chewing through all the gristle in it
okay , we went for lunch buffet we were disappointed . taste not good less choices .
disappointing . i fear it will be some time before austin comes into greek cusine .
i orderen from uber eat . what the hell ? delivery order no chopsticks ? how can i eat ?
star rating for egg served . mediocre at best . don't waste your time ! overpriced and service is bad .
food are bad and i heard they treat their workers like shit . not recommended
big selection of overpriced ice cream . abracadabra ice cream is a similar price for a much better product .
poor customer service from , extremely rude and had noticeable attitude when taking our order .
more than ingredients in the chocolate ice cream , including preservatives , corn syrup and unsavory multi syllabics .
bbq isn't meant to be corporate . keep something in this country authentic jim n nick's is not that good .
worst retail experience ever . over priced merchandise that caters only to tourists . a lame attempt at a business .
not bad if you want quick wonton noodle soup or congee
nice ambiance in the restaurant but food took too long to prepare and tasted very bland .
mediocre service and not very accommodating there are better restaurants in the area with friendlier staff .
recently months this location has the worst service !
horrible . stay clear of orkin . can't begin to tell all the nightmares with this company . very shady .
too busy . took too long . to expensive . no longer run by aaa . it's run by gator will not return .
this place should be called no odles and comp . worst pad thai ever . no more to be said .
cold and dry burger , brown avocados , soggy fries , uncooked bacon , slimy lettuce . i'm sad because i wasted a meal here .
rushed my mani , now only a week since i had my manicure and its already peeling away .
unsafe . garage is haven for thieves . food is taco bellish . old hotel . parking outrageous . . not very good for price
really small and kind of sad like all zoos ? but works fine for young kids .
overpriced and inefficient . learnt our lesson never hiring movers by the hour ever again !
there is nothing middle eastern about this food . the chicken rice plate tastes like a burrito chicken
stop leaving your poor grammar flyers all over people's cars , not everyone is addicted to these cancer causing substances .
rudest employees around . avoid at all costs . so many better options just a walk away . nothing unique worth going for
bad service . witnessed uncleanliness of employees
terrible service , mediocre food . i'm sure it's probably a good place to watch a game but that's about it .
strong product line . nasty people . usurious financing . please explore any and alternatives before using this company .
ordered a chicken with veggie and nut dish and it had a slight fish flavor general tso's chicken good
weak margaritas and no service . waited minutes in line for a drink that tasted like powdered lemonade .
worst asian fusion ever . food is not tasty at all , and doesn't come with rice and fork when deliver .
check out is am , late check out is ? thin walls and poor customer service . last resort only .
disappointed by the slow and strange service at this place . food was ok . definitely will not return .
seen on the news animal cruelty charges should be euthanized if you ask me . absolutely sad
awful , rude employees and always turning people away for not having a reservation . avoid .
turkey burger was a bit dry . not impressive .
horrendous attorney . better off representing yourself and saving some .
if you like salmon blueberry muffins , this place is for you . the tap water is to die for !
come to this place if you want a khaki pedicure sans massage ! lamelily's
brunch here is only a buffet . can no longer order off the breakfast menu . goodbye lambert's .
thry put provolone on the pizza . wth ? pizza comes with mozzarella . if you want mozz , they charge for it
nothing like the smell of unwashed bodies makes me want to sit down and read a book .
terrible service . terrible , terrible service . don't sit on the patio because you will be ignored .
i'm still waiting for ups to reimburse me for a big ticket item damaged during shipping .
customers service is bad ever , i had two problems with the staff , they ended up by canceling my membership ,
service sucks . sat at the bar for minutes with an empty drink and no acknowledgement from either bartender
cockroaches . filthy kitchen . seriously disgusting place to eat if you knew what's going on behind those kitchen doors .
absolutely unprofessional . i took an appointment and still they kept entertaining walk ins . do not recommend it at all !
i came here at on wed . and they were closed . fix the timing on yelp .
really bad customer service . very poorly managed . server cashier is very snappy . she was like that with me and other customers
you folks are horrible . but a perfect compliment to se portland , a miniture nation in decline .
bed bugs stay away especially in the linen closet room . not a place i stay moody staff also
big disappointment . high prices , not much grab n go , narrow selection , small , in basement .
the flavor was good but for i'd like a little more than a spoonful of chicken in my soup !
pastries we got sat for about weeks on shelves . disgusting . i might need new teeth after eating one .
i met a consultant already but i try to call for confirm twice a time nothing to feedback
customer service was awful . banks are usually unbearable but this is not a friendly or helpful place .
two words processed cheese . the only thing it has going for it is the price point .
i work in the plaza . decided to go there for an appetizer after work . got the chicken strips . food poisoning .
not great . we ordered delivery and the sushi was terrible . drunken noodle was passable .
terrible food . stuff meat and luke warm over sold on what they offer . stay away .
cold . dry . brisket and pulled pork . threw out the slaw after bites . very disappointing
not the best of gordon beirsh's i've been too . i've definetly had better , please bring the rock bottom back .
it's pm and they're apparently closed on a friday please update your hours accordingly .
this used to be one of the best bbq places in portland , but since changing owners it's really gone downhill .
horrible service and horrible food ! the waiter is not friend if you dont order expensive things .
cuban sandwich , greasy mess covered in mayo . i should have sent it back . yuk .
food isn't great , staff absolutely rude ! yelp instructed me to write more here , but it's not really worth my time .
horrible experience ! horrible service ! waitresses are attitudinal and management is not apathetic .
chicken burger was clearly undercooked and the bread was stale . waiter was unfriendly and unhelpful .
very rude owners employees , excessively long waits . better off going to the post office !
drinkin is ok . food is cold and greasy . yuk karaoke is fun there . not makin a return trip there just sayin
terrible . set up doesn't help . workers are crammed back there and pick up area is too small .
if you want an uninspired average plain jane mediocre dull cupcake , by all means drop on by to hey cupcake !
okay glass . bad service . even worse prices
they made us watch a minute commercial before coming in . super annoying and emotionally manipulative . i'm switching to pepsi .
i guess he's an ok doctor but his billing practices are questionable
my comment was for rbs residential building supply . not towards rbs construction and roofing .
the drive through line is ridiculously long . once car every minutes at am is unacceptable .
wouldn't let my year old use the bathroom because we weren't customers . you should be ashamed of yourselves !
i called in to ask a simple question and the guy who works there answer rudely . i'm disappointed
less than average , stale , and overpriced food . for a naan at an essentially fast food place !
overrated ! flavorless and overpriced . this place gets too much undeserved hype by orlando foodies
the service was awful . then the server autotip herself without even telling us . i don't recommend this place at all .
like most convenience stores , this has a vile smell and only bottom grade industrial food . yecch .
high prices . poor service . food was ok , but not worth the wait .
great view , however the service is terrible . thats a deal breaker for me not worth it . such a shame .
wouldn't recommend . poor service , slow food , never got a refill and the appetizer came out after the food
they broke the nut on my car's oil pan . was a very expensive issue to fix . do not go here
bun dry dog wrinkled condiments wanting service polite but not focused
took more than a hour to deliver , so of course the food was cold and horrible when reheated
this place is terrible . don't eat here , seriously it's fucking gross . and full of frat boy dipshits .
i don't understand the great reviews for this place . the crust was like cardboard . gross . gross . gross . never again .
service sucks . people suck . coffee is really good though !
food made me sick . service was bad . parking is horrible . one of the worst experiences at a restuarant ever .
it's always so crowded ! the food is not that great and neither is the service . portland needs better sports bars !
smelly homeless guy living in store and no one seemed care . not the coffee house experience i wanted .
called and they said that they do not service retail customers . hummm
just crappy service and ran out of food . it took over a hour just get a drink . don't go there !
service slow ! food mediocre . staff straight from the ghetto ! will not repeat .
food is good as usual . but the server was unpleasant . screw up the entire dining experience .
i was eating halfway and found a caterpillar in the broth but other than that , the noodle was good .
steak too salty . the food in general wasn't that good . creamed spinich was more like hot wet .
literally waited an hour for a plate of hummus and naan . that about captures the spirit of the gallery
first time visitors . very slow service , food was ok . super over salty mushroom risotto .
horrible . brown broccoli hard potato and tough steak . best part of dinner was the roll
just terrible . service , food and all you can drink mimosa created a shitty show atmosphere of hell .
this place had decent food . terrible service . the place was in disarray , we couldn't get refills . i probably wouldn't return .
wouldn't deliver to the airport hotel i'm at , less than miles away . took my money elsewhere .
don't make the drunken stupid decision to buy tons of nasty chinese food at midnight . this place sucks .
absolutely terrible service . gave misinformation , said car was ready when it wasn't . never their fault . go somewhere else .
poor selection of wines and the prices for a cheap wine are three times the going rate
bbq was so so . i got the bbq nachos , big mistake . they used that orange rico's cheese sauce .
cheap , low quality ingredients . poor service . expensive . their flatbreads are priced around but are not worth more than .
not authentic at all . very disappointed during my visit there . service could be improved , too .
very small place tables and booths very small and uncomfortable way over priced for just ok food
contacted , messages ignored . i am not sure what more to write to post this as a review .
no cooper cove . no . if you want weird looking goolash passed off as indian then yes , cooper cove . yes .
oxtails were too salty and too tough . cocoa bread was just a dry stale loaf of wheat bread .
food is okay . they give away your food if you come minutes after the estimated time . rude
slow service and small portions . nuff said .
good clean store . joe the department manager . real nice guy very helpful . not . get some customer service training .
this place is terrible . don't trust them about the waiting time . supper disappointment
poor service with an attitude , mediocre food at best , and the place is a dump .
the food was ok . service was fast . the building was freezing , i had to wear my jacket during the entire meal .
out of business when we stopped by today it's now a puerto rican place called munchies . so disappointed .
great price , up until you're ready to pay , then they tack on a required insurance charge . super deceptive and unethical .
hate this location soooo much just close at if you don't want to cook more chicken . lazy asses .
what can you say . terrible in all aspects . food was awful , fries are hard as a rock , service is horrendous .
worst storage faculty around by far . not that i delt with any other ones but just one problem after another
disappointing . burger meat itself was fine , but the bun was stale and the fries were mealy and barely warm .
just an ok burger . think they precooked the burgers . burger was dry and rubbery . ff were not hot
eaten here two or three times . delivery dudes are rude . most of the food is dry and flavorless .
very very slow the last times . under staffed . they dont wear name tags . too afraid to be called out
this place is incredibly disorganized . employees need to learn how to work more efficiently and effectively .
what a dump . shelves empty , dirty , and strange dirty clientele . no thank you .
service was fantastic . food was overpriced , mushy , bland . mediocre food in a good location . tired menu .
theater was dirty . litter on the floor everywhere , trash cans over flowing , no toilet paper in the ladies rooms .
great customer service but restaurant smelled like a nursing home facility and the food lacked flavor .
check your prices ! a jack and coke is !
good experience getting to airport . long wait to get back to lot . they need more shuttles .
very bad customer service we will never come back if i were you i'd rather find a better tex mex .
monopoly ran by our own government . worst experience i've ever had with customer satisfaction and help .
took min to make bao . bland , disgusting .
only because there was no star . st time wasn't noted second time it's minutes later calls .
the donuts are good . the bagels are passable . the coffee is disgusting .
very nice lingerie and stockings , hair dye , accessories for piercings . way too expensive .
this dominos puts you on hold for minutes and randomly cancels your order without explanation
not so good . a few days after my cat has an open wound by the stitches .
not a great place . theres awesome live music on this street . this is bad kareoke for tourists
they don't tell you until you sign up that they have a ridiculous cancellation policy . buyer beware .
it was just ok . the food doesn't taste great and quite expensive . you better off grab your burger elsewhere .
terrible service , overpriced and greasy food and a clientele that has much to desire . no . never .
owner reached out to apologize , which i appreciated . everybody has bad days i suppose .
do not come here , the host and servers were extremely rude , and it was dirty .
very disappointed . they serve frozen food . even dosa idly were from the frozen box . i wont recommend
this management is poor . the guy called james is terrible . doing all the document in a mess .
apparently , it wasn't just me . sleep health centers is no more , and quite suddenly so .
and just waited over minutes this morning . ludacris
food is okay . i went for restaurant week . fun night , but i've had better .
hours waiting for food and the manager dont do anything about it . definitely dont come to this place !
update to add pictures of my nails as of today . original post was made day of me getting nails done .
he antipasto was uninspired and the pasta carbonara was tasteless , bacon was old . disappointing
continuing my banh mi journey . order placed ! pumped to try a new location !
this place is awful . poor service and the food is horrible . will nickle and dime you for every little thing .
save your time and go some place else ! worst place ever with horrendous customer service . never again .
it was ok , large portion , menu looked good i just wasnt a fan of the brisket or sausage . oh well .
food was okay . for the price i was extremely disappointed . would recommend finding somewhere different and not waste money .
this is what they do to my wife . nothing more to say , it's not necessary . i don't recommend this place .
worst whole foods . produce always terrible . never enough check outs open . lines for days
burgers are ok , but everything is overpriced . nothing special and not worth paying a premium .
i love this place and like many locals have stopped going because it is so expensive to park .
worst food ever . paella was not edible and the chicken parm was disgusting . service was great .
dry chicken dry pork . best rice in town though ! decent rices nice and clean . small menu and no empanadas
the ranch dressing normally best in portland at american dream in ne was watery . won't be going back .
great bar but very unpleasant lady bartender . maybe get some nicer staff ?
i had philly cheese steak potato , it was unseasoned and plain . very disappointed although service was great .
not enough cashiers . especially during the pandemic , it makes the store crowded with people waiting to pay in long lines .
it's time to delete this business . they have been out of business and gone for over a year .
a lots empty table available , but still need waiting list about mins . suck service .
nasty dirty place . even smells like old grease . lousy service . first and last visit here .
sandwiches are uninspired at best . delivery is fast however , and they are open late .
dear uno's , i still don't like you very much . the end .
very slow service ! temperature is not properly maintained food is mediocre . blah blah blah
the sign on the door says closed permanently so i couldnt try it out . the status needs to be updated .
food tastes blah . they seem unorganized . i ordered pizza and the crust was burnt . not going back !
this place sucks . nasty food , nasty staff , stupid long wait for stupid bad food . i'm sorry you're open too .
food is okay . it's not that great and it's extremely overpriced . service is fine but it's really slow . not recommended
not the greatest sushi but it was the closest place i found to the hotel . good service .
flatbread special , burgers and house chips slow service
salads drowned in dressing . waitstaff uninterested in good service . photos nothing like real dishes . burgers too greasy . skip this one
really bad service . not many options to choose from . food portions are too small for the price .
the ambience is alright , the crowd is older and the drinks are okay ! not sure if i would visit again .
service is great . guacamole was really good . steak fajitas . not enough veggies snd steak was tough and cheap . .
worst customer service ever ! avoid at all costs
got ripped off ! payed to have phone done but only put on screen protector . so upset
horrible customer service especially from the housekeeping mgr . had the worst experience . wont be staying here ever again .
over rated and over priced . food is very complicated and truthfully not that good . they have ok cocktails .
bathroom filthy . no soap nor paper towel to dry hands . gas station bathroom is cleaner and more in order .
terrible service . food is average at best but costs premium . would rather buy chips from hudson news stand
average foods , but bad service and you have to wait long time even if the restaurant is not busy
over rated and over priced . i simply don't understand the hype .
two stars for the environment . only departure wings taste good . disappointed with other dishes .
restaurant was very clean and service was awesome ! thats it ! ordered the enchilada plate , meat tasted off .
the slowest drive through i've ever encountered at a starbucks . average wait time when it is not busy is min !
much improvement needed in terms of taste . i find the donuts very buttery and overtly sweet
their sushi is pretty average , but expensive . better off going to poong mei next door where their sushi is fantastic .
after posting my review for ideal image they offered a refund if i would take down my review . i agreed .
this place is horrible , everything was under seasoned and pre made frozen . just adding to the chinese carry out stereotype
great toppings , sup par cake .
ordered the sweet potato bao and it was undercooked basically raw , lobster bao was definitely not worth the price
played there two weeks ago . this course is by far , the worst in georgia . zero stars .
rude couple , not nice at all , they are confrontational and assume the worse in people
fuck this subway . the guys working yesterday particularly around were complete dicks . i left without ordering .
don't let jenkins talk you into smoothing or contouring your teeth . it is unnecessary and will only weaken your teeth .
bored stylist , didnt even introduce herself . mediocre haircut . the bare minimum , if that . i'll not be returning .
i love piccadilly but this piccadilly sucks ! stay away
not tasty . cake dry , frosting odd and unpleasant . avoid .
there are twenty signs posted that say 'permanently closed' . seriously . seriously . seriously .
this place is nasty ! only thing you can eat is the cheese pizza wouldn't recommend this place to anyone
bad service , nasty side dishes , not worth ticket . not once did our waitress check on us .
wasted hours sorting out dishwasher screw up . worst phone help i've ever encountered .
this place is the pits , man . dry tortillas , sparse and cruddy vegetables , watery acidic salsa , and crunchy rice . do not bother .
extremely rude staff , obnoxiously overpriced , dirty tables ? no , no no !
chicken is your business and at pm you are out of grilled chicken ? bad management . i'll go to polo tropical
overpriced and just okay food your paying for the brand name , not worth it .
very cheesy place . the idea is cool , and nice layout . but infested with college students . pay at the door type place .
waited minutes for my burger . terrible service and highly annoyed . great stop for lunch
service was good but that was the worst pad thai i've ever had and the bathroom was filthy .
very disappointed . used to be very good . everything downgraded . food quality , service , even the place it's self .
don't shop here . the customer service is heinous .
my case wasn't revenue worthy enough , so they abruptly escorted me to the door !
we ate at shari's by portland airport , food was very greasy . would not go back again . one waitress only
worst bbq in boston . i've had better bbq in airports .
went for dinner tonight , sunday , and hours posted on door that they are closed on sunday .
what a shit hole . gross , cheap ingredients . rude , stoner employees . reminded me that they are not local cool , bro never again
i have bad experience in this store . a asian cashier was awful service , who was a skinny and mid thirty age .
terrible sales and post sales service . not worth the price advantage they offer .
food is ok . but their policy of no refills on drinks is frustrating . won't go there again .
service is great , but raman fell short in flavor . it's more like supermarket ramen you can make at home .
its alright but relative to price it is well below expectations . service needs a lot of work .
worst gelato ever . should have read reviews first . icey and tasteless . should have saved my .
noodles taste synthetically made . but , get their bubble tea . also , their deserts are good . say no to sushi .
not very clean , bland in flavor . not worth another trip when there are other good options in town
discriminating against people with service support animals ? really ? that's rich . if only their food was as rich as their discrimination tactics .
you'll be eating your fist before your food is served here . and no one seems to give a rat's ass .
they are not like they say in commercials . your not a person just a number like anyplace else
nice staff , but the food quality was sub par . not too fresh tasting .
the fajitas were terrible . they used a teriyaki based marinade . would not recommend
tried to over charge me to replace a door knob . . i'm still shaking my head .
the bleach smell has improved ! but now theres a bleach blonde bitch to contend with . gah
terrible service . food was subpar . was there for and a half hours for cold food . don't waste your time !
out of business sorry , this hasn't been here for a while . not sure why it keeps popping up .
horrible . waste of money . food was raw and delivery dude was a jerk . never going back .
this place has such promise but the service is terribly slow !
ridiculously overpriced juices , easily higher than other north shore shops in the area . go elsewhere .
the wait time is ridiculous ! on the second occasion , we walked out ! each haircut is about minutes .
it's not the best sushi , but not the worst . it's very frigid in there . the wait for food is long .
foods good but service is terrible . bartender is busy doing everything but waiting on customers .
came here tonight . bad service . they ignored me . don't come . please . go somewhere else .
ordered slices of pepperoni pizza . they were both cold and soggy . not the first time this has happened .
far too slow for airport fast food . more than minutes to get a breakfast pizza . won't be back .
obnoxious as the signs they have out front . i mean starbucks sucks ? don't be so edgy you guys .
what happened here ? who let this girl be in charge ? time to close down and rethink everything .
nothing special expect for support staff seem fearful of abrasive leadership . limited but standard choices edited to be more helpful
after an awkward minutes of not being welcomed or waited on at our table , we left .
good location and price but old and dirty . very poor breakfast . gym no water some equipment broken not recommended
the best views . the most overpriced food in town . go for drinks and apps . ditch the dinner .
latest word is that the club has closed down . this still leaves a few club that cater to lifestyle couples .
consistently good food with consistently bad customer service . everyone seems to be having a bad day every time i visit .
service is horrific . pick a more efficient company if coming to orlando
crowed and chaotic , just setting foot in this place gives me a panic attack .
bleh ! dirty and rundown . i don't know what kind of pet owners would leave their dogs at this place .
complete failure . multiple attempts to address with the company and no response .
worst customer service ever . operators are transfering calls to each other so you wait for hours .
very expensive for a single dish . small quantity very disappointed very few vegeterian options
worst experience of my life . my margarita pizza tasted like bad clams and garlic . negative stars if i could .
they are not what they used to be i would strongly suggest finding another location to enjoy texmex food
oxtails ? no bueno . burnt , hard and salty . rice and peas over cooked . plate truly a disgrace .
spot on with the decor but a big fail with the food and the service .
coffee served with a side of attitude . rude employees . sorry to bother you , i'm just a paying customer .
we gave it a shot not our thing wandered to acrop
terrible service , rude employees , disorganized check in process . save yourself a frustrating trip and just call customer service when you can .
please . for the love of god . stay clear of this horrific establishment ! it's a good place to get mugged however .
poor customer service don't expect smooth return process
my favorite worker is riley . he makes the best pepperoni pizzas and always gives me extra pepperoni for me !
terrible service , but amazing beer , asahi
never again !
food is good , but slowest service in town . have been here over an hour and half . waiting for our food .
service was great but the food was way too salty to really enjoy it yuca was undercooked .
the locker rooms are so small that i am seriously thinking of ending my membership . not fun !
facial was good but the rest wasn't worth the money
i found the service unfriendly . the selection is good but the prices are higher than other small farm markets .
like my tip states , this taco bell will mess your order up of the time ! that's a promise .
the xpt performances now contain too much film . it has been more and more each year .
i ordered grubhub from here and it came cold and i had hair in it . not very happy about this
came in for sizing and received terrible service . talking amongst themselves and barely acknowledging customer , even during sizing .
not a good place . don't waste your time or money overpriced and tasteless food . rude employees .
would not recommend this location . low energy . one of their reps lydia was very unhelpful with customers .
tooooooooooooooooo sloooooooooooow ! more than ppl waiting in line , but there's only one teller serving all of us ! soooooo crazy !
covid should have killed off this restaurant . unfortunately it did not . don't believe ddd
consistently delivers outside the delivery window on perishable food items . no follow up on reported issues .
went for dinner first night of our trip to universal . food was gross and dry . almost frozen ? desserts looked good .
overpriced . bagels with cream cheese will cost you . if you want them toasted .
rowdy atmosphere . mediocre food . bad service . any questions ?
terrible service , terrible ambiance from every employee ranging from the bouncer at the bartenders , ugh .
ridiculously long wait for mall type asian food ! lots of employees goofing off and not helping the long line of customers !
worst pad thai i ever had , was too sticky and eggy . better to try in some other thai restaurant
food is overpriced , we felt that we were ripped off . the taste is ok but won't recommend it
changed menu to democrats only . food not worth their political views .
friendly staff but tries to up sell you on service that are not needed . well not go back
was not impressed . i've had better frozen pizza .
made reservation . arrived early but waited until to get in . food is so so and overpriced . no highlights .
friendly staff . but the boat was years old with obvious flaws . not the quality i expected with a rental
not so good . very slow service . rolls mostly rice . nice atmosphere . not the best sushi .
closed an hour earlier tonight w no warning , i work so wtf ? like shopping late to avoid the coronavirus zombies .
just meh . waay over priced . could not ell a difference between this place and the other major cheaper name brand
sushi is going downhill . the rice was as solid as a rock . slices of fish are getting smaller each time .
no hot water , tv remote broken . no offer for anything for my inconvenience . it's called hospitality . , .
i have been several times but never again . apathetic service hair in food cold food and uncaring management bad business and poor reputation .
barb is very a nice person , but she did not do a great job on my hair cut !
super disappointing . ordered a drink and they said it was lost . i was the only one waiting for minutes !
wings are ok but pizza sucks , took long time to arrive , edges are burned too much tomato sauce
wegmans is not providing adequate protections or policies for their employees during the covid crisis .
i found this place to be unauthentic and unoriginal . the tacos were gringo at best , abound if possible
worst pharmacy ever . terrible customer service they simply do not care .
no longer a fan , portion shrunk while prices skyrocketed
i just did not find anything extraordinary about this place for all the rave reviews . just meh .
food is always late . this time they took minutes , while they claim delivery times of minutes .
me and my siblings didn't really enjoy it , however the tea , white rice and the crab rangoons were really delicious .
place was the best wash around when they first opened but has gone down hill as of lately .
took my deposit and hasn't answered a phone call or email since .
the food i ordered was an hour late . it was completely cold . the quality is terrible and its overpriced .
the bars owner promises civil disobedience . it may not be safe to be there while they are infecting their customers .
no sauce for nuggets and fries ! when u order food w uber eat twice ! what a good impression !
this place is absolute trash ! drive thru dudes are weird as hell . this place doesn't deserve star
we saw two rats run through the dining area and walked out . disgusting establishment . i hope they get shut down .
mediocre fast chinese food . not as good as golden chopsticks down the street .
this place used to be great . as far as foods goes it is just about dead .
billing is terrible . did not match up to eob , and spent way too much time on phone sorting it out .
excessively long wait for subpar food . much better options at this restaurant's price point .
overpriced , no cameras , and poor customer service . barking hound village is less than a mile away and they are awesome .
food was ok . my first time here . getting to the point , the guy who took my order was an ass .
really bad customer service if you go at night , the guy looked like he really hate his job
the owner was so rude ! poor service and asking for good tips . not coming again for sure .
bug in my pizza . shouldn't happen , need to pay attention back there . too much joking around .
the food was bland , burnt and tasteless . worst pad thai ever . disappointing ! i couldn't finish my dish .
food not fresh . service not warm . craving for tips . smells really smokey . not recommend to go there .
i got the falafel bowl and it was super greasy . i was definitely disappointed for the price point .
a little pricey my aloha bowl did not come with avocado , and the portion sizes are meager relative to the prices .
the hype ! donuts were overly sweet for me . didn't taste fresh . donuts just look astheticly pleasing . it's a trap !
friendly enough service , but the lobby was filthy and the 'crisp' bean burritos were gummy .
server handles money with gloves and continues to prepare food using the same gloves . unsanitary food preparation .
i was shopping at the mall and thought i'd try grand lux , big mistake . it was unorganized from the start .
my older was wrong late . and the driver was rude . i dont mind the pizza but service sucks .
if you like chinese that sucks order from quan's !
food quality is very poor food items on display are stale and bad the manager cook not friendly . not recommended
peking cuisine is now closed and will be reopening as sweet potato bistro in july .
sadly , not great . dry burger , hard , chewy bun . we got chili cheese fries , greasy and not great either .
do you guys make cortadito ? im so used to miami spots that theres nothing around me
disappointing service here . food came out cold . manager was neither welcoming or friendly .
beware , credit card numbers skimmed and fraudulent purchase made . i'll never go back .
the restaurant upstairs smells real bad which is not good for food taste . otherwise , it was great !
no veggie pre made tacos . meat options . no bueno . please fix . migas or jess special would be great .
maybe the delivery driver should slow down when delivering pizza , a little disappointing .
the doctor was horrible , sarcastic , uncaring and extremely vain . absolute single worst i have ever been to .
they can ring you up and take your money but that's it . don't come here expecting anything else .
no free parking nearby and expect terribly line . old court .
you make me feel hate in my heart .
i ordered burgers drove back home and what do you know ? i only received . stop hiring stoners .
burger was mildly tasty but it was cold luke warm . don't serve cold burgers . not impressed .
. for a latte . seriously ? way overpriced . the latte was ok . it's nothing to sing home about .
would have given a different grade but the system that processes their gift cards is down .
bus and wes service . this is on the little tigard downtown strip . not much going on here .
sat there for over twenty minutes with three different servers nearby to never even be greeted .
charged higher price than originally quoted , avoid at all cost .
pedicure manucure was a rush job , everything was mediocre at best . don't go there
burgers were just ok very minimal meager toppings . buns were from publix and cold .
a dumpy restaurant that stinks like a dirty bar and is best enjoyed by college age kids on a saturday night .
run from these crooks , do not go here !
i'm giving it only one star because this location doesn't serve breakfast ! the breakfast burritos are the best part of qdoba !
can't deny it . the food is good . the ambiance is cozy . and now they have new servers ! all's good .
it was ok . i prefer freshfields farms or the winter garden farmers market . the people were very nice
not a . in any way . food cold , meats undercooked , bones throughout bbq pork and roasted pork .
no . just no . this is not much of a thai place and ambience lacking . i would go somewhere else .
lol those are not chimichangas . if i wanted a deep fried egg roll i would have asked for one .
the wait times have become ridiculous . they need more cashiers .
it is expensive and the food is terrible . we won't recommend our friend this restaurant .
fine for fast food . only one major complaint too expensive
this place used to be great , packed every night . now pretty mediocre . i heard they got bought .
i guess i caught them on a bad day .
blake miller is rude , unprofessional , and above all incompetent . i am glad i have taken my business to allstate .
not respectful to customer , don't care about what customer wants i'll never visit this store again .
said to open at noon on sunday but it's minutes past and the door is locked . how unprofessional
food was overly seasoned , not enjoyable ! had higher hopes for ordering a simple caribbean dish .
food was not that good and over priced , place smelled of sewer and was quite disgusting ! will never ! go back .
pros nice ambience and easy to converse . good service . cons mediocre italian food . bland . felt rushed .
currently getting gas after having to ask someone to help me . sorry to interrupt social hour .
scam restaurant , ordered kungpao chicken , gave me some tofu instead . where the chicken ? will never order from this restaurant again .
i don't understand how places like these stay in business . i think that sums up my whole opinion about it .
worst place to watch sports . not enough tvs and small plus awful service . food is ok .
just really pricey beer and slow service . and beer was not cold at all . but the pizza was good .
attached are several pictures showing the care which ups takes in their handling freight
no texas margaritas tacos was pretty good but seen better . not a very good stop to me
unacceptable ! what makes me more upset is that when you call it goes directly to voicemail , how convenient !
one of the worst customer service experiences in had at a coffee shop . so hostile , omg
slowest chipotle in columbus one person has checked out in minutes i'm hungry fool .
slow service , relatively expensive and very greasy hamburgers . classic whataburger . but at least they have onion rings !
they charge cover without clearly advertising it upon entering the restaurant . poor beer selection .
this company is a classic example of why we need uber or similar .
i love their instagram feed , but when i went there was no theader available and the wait was hour .
worst claim service in the industry , consistently denies coverage , dishonest , unwilling to resolve claims , etc . dont walk , run elsewhere !
use to like it but now they only accept card , not cash and i think that's the dumbest thing ever .
meh . beer was average and the service was below average . the decor is nice , wood industrial . wouldn't go again .
save yourself some time and just eat trash out of your garbage barrel . atleast that's free .
negotiated new membership terms , only for their membership team to change their minds when it was time to sign . disappointing .
i'll give it two stars because they gave us the ice cream we ordered . it was freezer burned and bad .
my attempt to set up an appointment via telephone confirms the reviews on this website that the owner is rude .
always receive artisanal customer service at artisanal prices . expensive donuts with attitude , pass . coco or heavenly can have my money .
their food was not bad , authentic tasting . however , i did not encounter one friendly employee in the establishment .
this place is a joke . half our order was missing and the one thing that was correct looked like this .
food was underwhelming . breadsticks were plain and had no flavor . very stingy with toppings .
toll guy is a d ck i want to kick in his face easy girl , relax . haiku review
worst customer service ever . don't waste your time go somewhere that knows how to fix what they advertise .
gone way downhill . not the great place when they opened
extremely overrated . love the nashville location and this one doesn't hold a candle . mediocre food at best .
can't give stars . drivers are racist assholes . won't pick up minorities , won't go east or north . avoid , avoid , avoid !
disappointing after parson's table . food was mediocre and have had much better italian in boston .
stay for the staff and the coffee , leave because of the begrudgingly slow wifi service .
the worse japanese restaurant i've ever had in atlanta . ramen is a by far the worse ever .
smells like farts inside . only got a drink which was good but really hard to get over the smell .
had reservations at ruth chris centennial park location . hostess lacked customer service in the worst way ! !
this place closed before the time they have posted . very upsetting when you plan based on their specified time .
order an ice tea with ice berg size ice pieces . went back and said something . the manager was being snarky .
mid priced sushi for mid quality sushi ! would not recommend their raw items . stick with the cook items !
driver is a liar . never showed up in my address and and then left . no customer service at all .
dry and boring bartenders . terrible music i almost fall sleep . prices were ok and drinks very normal . won't go back .
crap . plain crap . do not even think about attempting to eat here . so bad . waste of everything .
verdes is definitely closed . we stopped by today and saw the bad news taped to the door .
better places to go for coffee that don't have condescending rude owners in my opinion
hashbrowns are supposed to be cooked . only eat here if you if you've slept with your sister .
the worst place to eat , i used to enjoy coming here but over and over the waiter's are just terrible .
the most terrible fucking service of all times , and everytime we go ! dine in and carryout
run from this place . the doctors are impersonal and the nurses are rude .
how could wuburger credit my credit card for lousy waffle fries when i paid cash ? never mind wuburger . i'm done .
i got bed bugs all over my body . i e mailed customer service and received no response . avoid at all cost . s
bad experience . not authentic indian style . can try a different place for sure . moderately spacious and convenient location .
the day they fired john was the day this started going out of business .
good place but the food was not good . the fried rice was too oily . but they do serve good portions .
i had the ceviche . very strange . ground up bits of unidentifiable stuff . the service was great .
i'm in terminal a in atlanta ga . home to coca cola . and the newsstands dont sell coke products . smh
hmmmm . sunday , yelp says you're open walk from the marina . too far to hot . for nothin !
weak sauce , overpriced drinks , food is good , but loud , crowded and for basic bitches . not my place .
this restaurant cancelled the order minutes before it was supposed to be delivered .
i think they are now just a caterer . i called the number and got a recording . oh well .
unfortunately this location is very slow and looks dirty . you wouldn't believe you are in the heathrow lake mary .
food was pretty good the portions were decent . overall , not a place that i would go to again .
really slow service . yolanda was really slow and not friendly at all . chicken was greasy and undercooked . don't eat here !
maggots in the salad ! staff reaction accidents happen . no offer to reimburse . left to puke outside .
meh cup of coffee . very average . you get better food and coffee in so many other places
we are still waiting for someone to call us about our granite chipping . of course after months warranty is up .
the prawn dumplings wasn't fresh . well , we had a refund and apologies from the servers .
just awful . dry chicken . old egg . tasteless limp lettuce . do not waste your time or tastebuds .
i drove around this damn block times and still could not find this place . there was no sign
.
just don't . spend your elsewhere . just super underwhelming all around and the service takes forever .
service was a bit slow . food was good , but i hate waiting to sit , pay , or eat .
poor customer service . i left messages to set up an appointment and no return call .
dirty , unfriendly and rude . they don't care about anything except making a buck .
this would not pass for tex mex cuisine in austin or san antonio . different menu selections and higher prices in atlanta .
now they shut down kgo ? bureaucratic greedy idiots .
edible but not delicious , so are non toxic crayons and play doh , i'll let you come up with your own conclusions .
heard they were the best . just ok . better cannolis in michigan at our italian bakeries .
mediocre sushi , ok service . gets crowded at dinner time . not a fan .
awful service levels . uncaring staff . awesome place just not awesome people working there . really too bad
salad was pretty good but the guacamole they put on top was frozen in the middle ! frozen guacamole ? ! nooo bueno .
extremely overpriced . food , marginal , at best . service , non existent . wouldn't go there again unless i was paid to do so .
really underwhelming . the selection for hot pot and kbbq is weak considering the price . would not go again .
the drinks were good , we never got our food . i think our waiter forgot about us . should have just left .
food was good but the service was soooo bad . also quite overpriced . would consider this place for takeout only .
neat ambiance , but sooo slow ! and , they allow dogs inside . it's a restaurant for crying out loud ! gross !
music is wayyy too loud , and the service is always horrible . do not recommend this place .
sober not so good . drunk delicious ! and open late
god awful barbers . i tried all and tbh they should all retire and go into a different profession .
poor quality food and customer service .
friday before christmas and one person is pulling packages for pick up . absolutely ridiculous !
slower than most starbucks . usually a battle to get my order right .
good kolaches . very slow service . closed on sunday's . for these reasons i don't go there often .
horrible service ! wasn't installed correctly but still got billed for the repair . take your business somewhere else .
en go to the one in the natick mall . the food is better there . idk why
pros great decor cons awful food . i was incredibly surprised by how bad the pho was .
worst place ever . they are always out of anything you want to order and the staff is horrible .
pizza is decent but poor customer service and long wait times after you arrive at the store makes it lousy .
really bad service ! wrong drinks wrong stake temperature ! droped the check and never come back for the card
the burgers here were just ok . bland burgers . i've had much better at grub burger and shake shack .
worst cupcake i've ever tasted . the cake is stale and the buttercream just tastes like butter .
went to eat based on reviews . disappointing . not enough to consider it a chinese buffet
saburo el crappo tonight ! inconsistant second rate shitto food thanks obama less than the generous single star
the woman at the register took my order and without washing her hands proceeded to put my cheeseburger together .
rude staff . greasy food . overpriced beer .
went there after purchasing a groupon . huge mistake . rolls were not good . looked stale .
buck oysters were slimy and fishy . absolutely awful . the host was rude and unpleasant . wouldn't ever come back here
usually i have a good experience here . not today . everything is either dirty or broken , especially the restrooms . yuck .
i ignored the reviews saying that this place sucked . but i shouldn't have . poor service , food was chill .
vegans ! the veggie burger patty has egg in it . so you can have . a salad . thrilling , i know .
the food was very bland . the drinks were ok . but honestly i would not recommend coming here
i ordered wings at . it's . i just got my wings . great wings but the wait was ridiculous .
does not address customer issues or honors warranty
worst sloppy pathetic iceberg lettuce greek salad and for . ! ? ! i actually could've made this nastiness myself for under .
recommend doing something to expedite luggage delivery to baggage claim area at orlando airport . very poor service .
food was the slowest ever and they treat their help like slaves .
no thanks ! view shhmew it's a tourist trap and that is all . have a drink . skip the food . blah !
just don't . drive to another location . bad service bad attitudes bad business bad wait times
if you have time to kill , eat here . over hour wait for food . no server to be found .
. for a lukewarm bean and cheese burrito . chips extra !
this hotel has zero concept of customer service . inept managers and terrible housekeeping staff . a threatening security guard , never again .
very disappointing . bread is awful for being a high end grilled cheese sandwich . better options all around south congress .
horrible . once was above average but now a total nightmare . service food worse . sell the property .
terrible service , cold coffee and overpriced , will not return .
bad pizza . crust was burnt , toppings lacked flavor , hardly any sauce . will not go back .
this place is slooow ! you will feel getting old in here while you're waiting for them to do anything !
good place for nachos and drinks , that's about it .
ceviche was missing the fish and overpriced . the service was slow . dirty bathrooms . won't be going back .
they are not customer friendly . absolutely rigid regarding drop off and assessment visit .
ric retired and some company in se portland bought their books according to the person that answered the phone
owner changed . no more beverage for free on weekends . seems like quality went down now a days
the service was great , however i drank my iced coffee and mold came up the straw . i'm really grossed out !
don't make a reservation ! meaningless . sat for an hour and still no table . rude bartender . find anywhere else
ordered wings and they were uncooked . the tenders were mediocre and so were the fries .
sunday evening ! too busy to give good service and correct food . extremely disappointed . we left hungry !
love the store , but not the staff . i'll stick with the cambridge location .
it's legal to run a restaurant without a working bathroom ? sjsbr hero shsbehisbsebb bsbbxbnxhdvebbrbsbbs .
dont come here . fish was half frozen and toppings were better suited for a subway than poke .
why do all the waiters and waitresses look like they are on crack ! or high on some type of stuff .
don't understand why people behind the counter are so rude , doesn't seem like they want to sell any donuts
salmon was fatty and thin . didn't stick to the loose rice . eel was super chewy . place was clean , people friendly
place seemed great . unfortunately the guy at the front entrance was not just unhelpful , but downright rude .
worst hotel that i've ever stayed . the rooms are cramped and there is no privacy in the bathroom .
i miss the late nineties intermezzo . sighed atlanta .
ordered the chicken pad thai for lunch ! not the best i'm my opinion . taste like burnt noodles
unsafe location . the employees do not wear masks or gloves . avoid this location !
worst staff ever . bad service horrible hostess and the womens bathroom was disgusting . stay away !
don't wast ur time ! nothing was good ! drinks are water down and there is no taste in the food !
poor service . don't waste your time . bar tenders are very arrogant . food is ok but not great .
bruh misleading advertising ! shows poke bowl with all poke , cost and have to pay extra for the poke !
terrible food . incorrect order . ordered online thru yelp , fulfilled by grubhub , restaurant staff clueless about the process .
slowest starbucks ever . apparently hot drinks take priority even if they come in after you .
good food , but stuff gets missing to go , like straws , sauces , and additional items the were asked for
mediocre fare that neither hits the classic mark nor breaks new , inspired ground
horrible customer service . condescending . and rude . lies about inventory . avoid them .
blonde chick bartender is always in a bad mood . fries are dry . wish killingsworth was open .
rental car but they say they don't have the car , i'm not recommend anybody come on this shop
we waited over an hour for this ride . scenery was nice but not worth the wait . very short boat ride .
first time here , got very bad customer service . workers were very rude . this isn't even wendy's .
worst of the worst . watered down pasta . ignorant wait staff . over crowded . dumb and dumber hostesses . can't you find better ?
this safeway sucks horrible customer service . pharmacy post office area everything . don't come here unless you absolutely have to .
cold gyros , stale pitas . could be a one off , but was disappointing . fries were great .
had the matcha with condensed milk . way too sweet , first time i couldnt finish my portion of any cold dessert .
super raciest cashier and sketchy and got no ethics they don't deserve ur hard earned money !
add visit the slowest wendy's in america to our road trip accomplishments . unacceptable service . avoid at all cost .
if you have nothing nice to say then don't say it at all i'm going to keep my mouth closed .
i love the coffee and bagels but the service at this location is reeeeaaalllyyy slow and not particularly friendly .
slow , tasteless . eh atmosphere bar restaurant . nothing to see here folks and nothing to taste !
alert telephone disconnected when i called friday , january , ! are they still open for business ?
this is for the downtown location offensive , intrusive , insulting saleswoman .
i highly doubt they know how to cook their meat . and the kale salad is just salt and kale .
slow staff , unfriendly , and filthy bathrooms . i'm sure they get away with it because all tourists .
one of the worst places i've ever been . super pretentious . horrible bartender . enjoy .
service terrible . food no flavor . mediocre at best . at rooms with intermittent working water . not impressed at all .
crispy ribs were not crispy . half the okra order was under cooked and inedible .
the female waiter was rude to foreigner and the lobster roll was not as good as i expect .
this business is closed . called and number is discontinued . no sign on door , nothing inside .
meal was over cooked and served cold . slow service . not much redeeming for this restaurant . won't ever be returning
service terrible , poor customer service room small , cramped and crappy views room service non existent never again
great pre sales support . support experience was unfavorable when product was defective out of the box .
pretty sure my chicken was contaminated and gave me food poisoning . will not be going back .
thumbs down . overpriced , bland food , so so service . history lures in tourists , but i bet you they don't get many repeats .
dishonest salespeople and untrustworthy realtors who lied about pre construction condos for sale .
just very disappointed . barely anything in the display case , poor service , food was cold in the middle .
terrible staff management . read the fine print in the contracts . they will take advantage of their residents whenever possible .
last time i ate here i got super sick . dont think i will be trying this again
horrible . prices are exorbitant for the quality they're trying to sell . people with horrible attitude running the place
appointments are booked out months in advance currently and they don't take walk ins . fuck this airport .
don't go . trust me , btdt . my business is going elsewhere .
do not buy from brooks motor company ! i wish i looked them up before even thinking of going there !
package got stolen after delivered to the leasing office .
salty , thin crust , thin toppings , slightly burnt , no taste . i had the arrabiata . and they forgot the salami . not worth it .
suburban hell . the brunch buffet was completely disappointing
this place sucks ! the employers are disrespectful , worst burguers ever ! and the complain if you ask for barbeque sauce !
the food is good , great customer service but it's really expensive if you me . favorite soup is there turkey chili
overhyped food , shitty service , underpaid workers begging for tips to scavenge every last dollar they can find . never coming again .
cool bar and atmosphere , would not recommend for a meal . food was not good
my stars is for the long wait and them needing my social security numbers
interminable wait , dry overcooked fish , can't understand why anyone would rate this place to be good .
disgusted cannot access portal they don't recognize my acct worthless people don't recommend these people at all
andrew promised to show us an apartment and never showed up . dont waste your time here !
double billed . been there twice and had bad experiences both times . go somewhere else if you can .
food just ok . slow slow service . server was nice . just a long wait for ok food .
couldn't order a pour over siphon french press because . no one there knew how to use those coffee machines pretty lame .
order delivery . vermicelli with beef and rolls . result food poisoning . thanks guys , will not be ordering again
the anesthesiologist was rude and inappropriate . he was inconsiderate about a recent death and didn't care to listen to questions .
horrible experience , greasy tasting , horrible service , and even worst atmosphere . may never go back to moonies
do not use this for dumpster service . if the box is overfilled they will charge for not picking up .
soup was ok but noodle was way over cooked today . it's not acceptable for a ramen specialty restaurant .
the worst . great if you don't know any better . a insult to asian cuisine . bottom feeders row . never coming back .
this was my pathetic plate of sashimi sushi combo on a recent thursday night .
would not serve alcohol to anyone with an out of state driver's license or us passport . doesn't even sound legal .
taste , but pricy . a crab is overcharged for . lbs . don't think will go again .
the place was fun but get ready to bloody diarrhea from the food . it ruined my new years
piss poor . food fair to bad . service terrible . no management . stay away .
stale cinnamon buns grounds for coffee cinnamon buns . coffee is ok .
an underwhelming tasting menu and struggling service left the distance traveled unrewarding .
this bbq is hard and dry , never again wasted very disappoint and embarrassed by my guest . never go back !
i really wanted to give this place stars , but the food is overpriced and the quality is average .
heads up ! this company is re branding themselves as 'lodgewell' guess they're trying to distance themselves from the bad reviews .
comcast is the white whale to my captain ahab . i only use comcast cause there's no alternative .
the racist cashier had a lot of attitude against asian people . the joke is , he's a minority himself too .
worst indian food in this cafe . i cant believe this is udipi cafe . service also not good
i don't like their quality even if it is just a thrift store . they have no good toys !
no guacamole on afriday afternoon in unbelievable . was told they would no have any until tomorrow . gotta do better .
out of everything today . will review again later once they restock . everything . maybe we just had bad timing .
atmosphere is great but food not so much . brunch below average unless you just want to enjoy bottomless mimosas .
crappy service . crappy food . idiot bartenders . nasty girl bartender s rude clientele . i hate this place .
overrated and snobby staff . blue star is way cleaner , better part of town and tastier donuts .
very poor service . waited ten minutes while staff watched the line grow and did nothing to help customers .
terrible food . terrible service . not kept clean .
too expensive ! my french toast arrived cold . disappointing . i used to go the other location all the time .
calamari was over cooked . the pizza for was a disappointment to say the least .
too much attitude for me ! hire someone that doesnt look like they just came out of a tanning booth please .
service is good but food is pretty mediocre . it didn't taste like anything i couldn't have made at home .
a haiku review of thatch tiki bar waited and waited . for two watery mai thais . horrible service .
what i got was pot roast , not brisket . i think they are closed down from the brodie spot .
service was super slow . nothing special , just all right .
residents are an inconvenience to this establishment . don't subject yourself to their customer service .
negative stars again . suck at service . hour and minutes since i ordered take out and still no food
drove all the way here and they are closed during regular hours . no note on the door . so disappointed .
the spoons were dirty and there was a black and yellow beetle looking bug in my pho . not going back .
please check your pizza before you leave . shameful i got a super dry pizza , even the sauce was gone .
non respectable employees non friendly employees excessive wait time for to go order never again
dont waste your time ! they came out . the price changed ! i told them to go !
ridiculous wait times , security stares at you like you've stolen something . it made me extremely paranoid
food is great , service is just awful . the staff needs a serious attitude adjustment .
i agree . the new management is not any good go to theresa's nails on belmont street . great mani pedi !
save your money . five guys is waaayyyyy better !
slow slow service . good food . i can't afford min wait time . workers during lunch rush .
appointment just getting my car back at . all this time for a simple oil change .
sam's club has good prices . terrible customer service . and the tire center is the worst .
ugh . the smell of this place was enough to send me running . i imagine the food isn't much better .
horrible . rusted bathroom , peeling walls , and strong smoke smells . and bed bugs . no good .
went for the wednesday biryani night , awful food . nothing good about any biryani and service was poor as well .
the fries taste like stale bread , and the cheese curds were cold . definitely not coming back .
it's just a crusty ole bar that has a menu if you dare to eat there .
very poor customer service . they told me they didn't have time to answer my questions .
not worth the lonnnggg wait for pricey cheesecake that's average at best . madeleine's not much better . rusks are a ripoff .
the wings are dry and flavorless . i really wouldn't bother spending your money here as there are better wings elsewhere .
attendant why is one needed ? was an asshole . left and got gas elsewhere . problem solved .
customer service here is awful . more people in suits standing around rather than helping you out or acknowledging you the wait .
went by yesterday and this place has closed ! so sad !
salad was all lettuce , spongy pita , hard falafel . made me ill . not work it
this really wasn't anything better than average . in a city known for amazing food this place doesn't rate .
the greek salad i got came without onions and the chicken was dead . wife said the spanakopita was good .
good luck getting an appointment . nobody answers the phone and the option to request an appointment online goes unanswered .
i ordered a cheese quesadilla house margarita . i was unimpressed . i personally would not recommend .
eh , wasn't too impressed . everything on the table tasted like capers .
long lines . this location rarely has express lanes open . bulk section quality is sub par .
the service in this location is very bad . inefficient and unresponsive to its customers .
don't go if you are from new orleans and or la . the food was very disappointing . however , great service .
horrible delivery service . called in and order took more than . hours . really disappointed . food was cold
guys ! love cinetopia but holy cow the place is so run down ! reinvest in your facility . yuck !
the quality did not meet the price of the cut .
terrible decor . extremely limited menu . food is blah at best .
the fries and onion rings lacked flavor . the roast beef was average and crab cake sandwich was below average .
tried the hyped up crunch balls . not impressed . the balls and the dipping sauce were super meh .
they didn't even change my oil ! what a joke ! thanks for nothing and fucking up my car !
very bad management ! . rasism bully , discriminative , noreen krishna branch manager of delta is a big liar !
i don't get why they make mutton biryani super spicy and lot of rice and very few meat pieces .
challenges with scheduling and wanted to unload at the street ! solid in past years but won't use again .
the food and beer are good , what i expect from tacomac . service is subpar . wayyy below adequate .
total fail placed online order for a special occasion . cookies were never delivered .
every time i eat here i get majorly sick ! i think that must be due to their lack of hygiene
just bad . high fees and rates ! not going for it lol
when calling to request a quote for a party the person that answered the phone was rude .
the service was slow and terrible , the fettuccine alfredo came out watery witch drives me nuts ! don't waste your
dejavu is permanently closed . the location is now empty with a for rent sign .
absolutely the worst place to get your skates sharpened . they're even more dull than when i brought them in .
food was not good , atmosphere was loud , service was poor . it seemed more like a sports bar .
not worth the wait , average sandwich that can be obtained elsewhere in the airport more quickly
great service and friendly guys but their equipment scratched my car . would love to recommend but cannot .
the whole experience was subpar . i had the salmon which was ok . go to arcana or the kitchen instead
food was very dry , bland , and the chicken wings were super skinny . big's chicken not very big !
latte wasn't the best , wasn't the worst . rude unfriendly baristas . i feel like they put hate in my coffee .
food is over priced . hands down worst food ever . stars for the atmosphere and for the number size of tv's .
food is not good and the small portion is terrible , the people working there is not that friendly either
bs dress code policies on people own skins ! refuse people entrance because of tattoos .
they have the lobby close at o'clock . i came at and they wouldn't let me come in .
good pizza . mediocre pasta . crappy service . wouldn't go back . batali should care more about the food than the money .
overpriced food and coffee , plus the place is tiny . horrible service .
wait staff is horrible , crude and impatient , the food is mediocre and they illegally seized and searched people's bags .
awful service all the way around . extreme wait times which is beyond ridiculous ! unprofessional staff ! go elsewhere !
mama said , those people the devil , get me out of hear , this place is misery , run forrest run .
lousy service . waited forever for a drink the bar with absolutely no recognition . ended up just leaving .
extremely unprofessional , does not care about his clients and dails to comply with trec
literally the slowest fast food restaurant around . rude employees . worst customer service . they should all be replaced .
called the listed number different times and left message each time . no response or call back .
slower than molasses in january . served the carry out before the customers in the restaurant . sushi arrived warm .
mediocre , especially for the prices , and cranky staff management ! definitely not going back !
this coffee joint will never survive outside its boulder bubble . for that , we have starbucks .
don't . . omg awful . . the pancakes are the worst i ever taste . farm to table . i dont think so .
worst experience ever . drove from boston to randolph for a nice dinner . waited mins to be greeted
don't live at this place . terrible water intrusion being repaired that has closed the amenities and is loud .
scam artist ! had abscess tooth , charged me to send me to another dentist , and take to tylenol .
sorry but after a second try at eating there . the food was horrible bring back emperors choice !
the empanadas were good . but , the milanesa was tasteless and the fried potatoes that came with it were soggy .
the value was good . but perhaps because i came late , the chicken was rather dried out .
weird just weird . the licensed massage therapist showed many signs of not being licensed . also didn't know anything about reflexology
excessive charges . avoid this place if you can .
worst checkers in the city their rude take way to long with you food and are unprofessional
super dry steak sandwich . tasteless burger staff that is socially awkward pizza was decent thanks for removing the tasteless burger
beautiful , rare stones . overpriced compared to other jewelers in the area .
boring ride . it's just a glorified back to the future ride .
this place sucks . it's filled with wanna be yuppies who can't quite make it into boston . gross food .
got diarrhea and abdominal pain after ordering delivery of garlic knots and barbecue chicken pizza close to midnight ? cause ?
very poor service . waitress was rude . food was cold . we will definitely not be eating at this establishment again .
kopi was cute inside but my egg dish came out cold and not very tasty . staff was friendly thpu
the blended drink i ordered from there is really water down . i won't be coming back ever again .
awfull , uncomfortable seats . like sitting on a degree woodwn bench . the wifi didn't work . worst bus ride .
avoid this shithole ! their big mac gave me the shits for two days ! the second worst mickey d's on earth !
well , the restaurant is ok . food are good . i would prefer to eat home and order delivery .
address reads a brazos austin , tx
hour wait for delivery for menu item . never again .
ah . wtf , i still have gift card haven't got a chance to use yet .
overpriced concept food with meh service . pourover coffee was weak and lukewarm . sandwich was tasty but small .
they're like used car salesmen , extra for everything , even sour cream and cheese . sub par service and food .
pro you can eat it , not too bad , fast food mexican con fast food mexican , not that good , over priced
not even busy and super slow to get your food . if you have a short lunch break go elsewhere .
my stars , if they are paying someone to clean the bathroom they need to immediately demand a refund .
the quality of the sushi here is terrible . looks and tastes like rubber . don't be misled by the big portions .
i was disappointed with the way their food tastes . if you like chipotle or qdoba , this isn't a destination .
most overpriced and worst lobster roll i've ever had . barely any meat on it , definitely reheated , and cost bucks .
this place is terrible . they shaved my dog without my knowledge or permission . i consider them unethical .
minutes in the drive thru , with only four cars in front of us . we'll skip this location next time .
this location is just garbage . no need for subjective critic . it is objectively terrible . just stay away .
ordered deep fried avocado tacos ! had no flavor . over priced since it's vegan friendly
all my friends and my family stopped going here . without chopped chilli , it is not very good at all .
awful portion sizes and overpriced . good flavor . asked them about portion size prior to purchase . they misrepresented it for sure .
i felt sick and threw up after eating the scallion pancake last friday . i won't visit this restaurant anymore .
umm . yeah . not the best meal i've had . and i've had pretty bad meals . the tavern sucks .
do i really need to say more ? this picture speaks for itself . full set with gel polish . epic failure
one star is to , much . tried twice to reach customer disservice waited min each time , still haven't talked to , anyone . ,
terrible service wait staff . even the management seemed unfriendly and uninterested . i recommend the grandview location .
i've stayed in worse places . but bodily fluid stains on the sheets is unacceptable . enough said .
prices okey . over rated . fries dry and cold
curious to try this chain . great concept . unfortunately the thai burrito was totally bland and mostly rice and cucs . ugh .
we left . we were in the restaurant a long time and never acknowledged . we wanted to eat steak and shake .
rude staff , dirty store and took a long time to be seated , even longer to order . will not return .
okay atmosphere , but poor service , wifi doesn't work , and overpriced for average food .
not open on the stated hours . it says saturday until am . we drove across town for this .
avoid this rehab hospital at all costs . any other rehab place in austin would be preferable !
extremely rude staff . i usually go to starbucks and was immediately reminded why as soon as i started ordering . gross .
this place sucks . service is terrible . and just because it is in belmont center . its over priced
the address in yelp is wrong . drove way the hell outta the way to find it's not there . dammit .
worst cob salad ever ! iceberg , bacon bits , no eggs , dry chicken , and dressing i wouldn't serve a dog utter trash !
i have had bad service every time i have went it's just not worth it anymore .
nice interior . capuccino was just luke warm coffee with milk . cookie was all about sugar , no flavor . won't return here .
terrible , from start to finish ! stars is overly generous .
i don't know why i keep coming back here . techs are inexperienced and destroy my nails .
their special on their website is nonexistent . false advertising is really annoying .
the food was fine but the service deplorable . as a former server i use that description carefully .
mediocre food at extraordinary prices . rude hostess . waitress was very . nice and attentive drinks disappointing , semi tasteless . ambiance is nice .
don't waste your time and money . terrible service . over an hour just to get an appetizer .
not a very organized and well managed location . need more checkout lanes to open when busy .
blegh . stupidly overpriced and annoying staff . not worth the trek to chinatown at all .
horrible ! dumplings were rubbery and tasteless . prices charged were more than listed on the menu . items listed were not available .
this is a good store put the employees are not train properly and asking for help takes a few minutes .
went for mothers day and was treated like a third rate citizen even though i had made reservations . never again
they don't re lens frames . that is ridiculous . complete waste of my time .
basic , not edgy . after three visits ot going to return . maybe good for straight basic hair and color
out of business as of
minutes to get a salad and pay . food was ok , couldn't tell as i had to scarf it down .
i ordered sashimi here through postmates and unfortunately took a bite into a piece that was completely frozen .
this is literally the worst chipotle . they're constantly out of things , the rice and beans are often not cooked .
service is fast and friendly but portions are ridiculously small , taste is ok , good not great .
food is great but the service stinks . don't go unless you have some extra time and patience on your hands .
zero stars . worst place ever . they are shut down now , no surprise . horrible customer service to say the least .
i wish i could have given it a lower rating . absolutely pathetic style recommendations and even worse haircuts .
breakfast or lunch , decent not great wait staff is a tad unorganized better than the fast food options
uncooked chicken and bad service . the taste was like chewing jelly and it was compelled uncooked
def won't be coming back here again slow service rude and the food is drenched in grease so disappointed
rice was good . that is all . asked for chips and salsa only got the chips . won't be going back
horrible service ! we were stranded at the orlando airport after we had prepaid for their service a week in advance .
ramen is really overpriced . doesn't seem to be ramen restaurant anymore . maybe worth to try once to experience fancy interiors
boring . the owner was very nice but the tour guide was oh so boring .
got a disgusting rash on back of my neck only minutes after getting haircut and neckline squared off .
i ordered a turkey burger from bgood and it came refrigerator cold with wimpy fries . never again
no wireless during lunch hours till pm . quite pricy , and very limited choices for pastry . too much attitude
not good for dinners . serving size is poor and i didn't find anything special with food . disappointed .
good selection but the lady who works there is extremely rude and always makes me very uncomfortable
worst customer service i ever had . i wouldn't recommend a stray dog eating here .
got food poisoning a few weeks ago . will never eat at mcdonald's again . especially this one .
the manager trevor is the most inconsiderate , unprofessional , disrespectful person i have ever encountered in my life of retail shopping .
the true definition of massholes ! they have burnt pizza and horrible service . do not bother !
came here because of the raving reviews . our drinks were undrinkable and the service was subpar .
not good at all . bland , goopy , and flavorless . i wanted a do over after eating here .
waited seated at our table for one hour and thirty minutes and still didn't get our food . left very disappointed .
super mediocre . overcooked lobster . lots of deep fried choices . sangria way too sweet .
very disturbed by the images this business owner posted on facebook . not someone i would ever do business with .
unfortunately after waiting minutes with not a host or wait staff in sight , we left .
they never responded to my inquiry for additional information for their website .
incredibly rude waiter with glasses on . this place should get its stuff together . i won't be coming back here .
tried going today and was told they have no bread how do you run out of bread hours after opening
terrible yelp says they are open at am and they are closed . change your hours man !
our waitress ruined what would otherwise have been a very good meal by being mia throughout most of it .
today salad was horrible ! saturated with salad dressing and only half full . unedible salad ! never again !
don't come here . constantly running behind on appointments and wasting your time . just don't come here .
overpriced and overstated . food is ok but not great . not worth the line up for sure .
to me , cc is like an upscale hooters . i liked it better when it was american pie .
rice was soggy , and the tofu had a very soft odd texture .
i just called to make a delivery order and was hung up on twice . pretty offensive . classics is better anyway .
finally down to last few gift certificates i'd purchased and unfortunately , still difficult to get a massage appointment .
bad service . walked in and instantly followed around like i was going to steal . was instantly judged for having tattoos
skip the guac , unless you don't mind paying . for a spritz . everything else was pleasant .
mother's day brunch was horrible . really was subpar ! i spent all that money to leave hungry ! never again !
this wonderful little spa ha changed into a little factory . the bottom line is the money and not the customer .
. not family friendly . i don't recommend this place unless you have lots of money to blow
nt
food is poor quality , comes out from kitchen usually wrong and sometimes cold . , been there twice . never again terrible !
service sucked , food always good , waiter was more interested in the tv and clearing empty table than refilling our drinks
the place was very dirty i seen cockroaches running around , soda fountain was dirty . will never go there again !
star for spring rolls , star for clean restaurant . otherwise , terrible food and service .
loud interior with limited seating . coffee service are good . friendly workers . free internet .
one of the worst experiences ever in my life . very rude attitude with poor techniques . would never come back again .
it's closed the kitchen . i'm here and i can't eat . fuck ok . here say closed but is bullshit .
ride was scheduled to arrive in minutes . the driver called me twice . lost . she finally arrived minutes later .
lobster roll . celery , lobster . over priced and not much flavor . very disappointed .
menu prices don't match the prices charged on the bill . i'll pass next time . thanks bp
absolute worst slowest service ever ! don't waste your time ! i know they can do better than what i received .
blandest tacos ever ! it's like if i wrapped balogne and velveta in a flour tortilla . aweful
long wait . no one in here . said minutes it's been . they don't know their head from their ass
disgusting and rude managers . food was disgusting at this place
very low selection of clothes . it's winter time i couldn't find anything kind of thermals , sweat pants nothing !
they gave me a soggy impossible burger . getting one thing that wrong is enough for me to not go back .
not sure what the big hype is about this place . staff was not friendly and the food was not good .
got pizza's for take out today fatty pizza's that left us regretting we ordered . even our kids were not impressed .
ridiculously slow service . do not go during your morning commute to work ! they'll make you late .
long waits . disorganized wait staff . waitress had no idea they were out of boba slushy
really great service and food monday night . came back tonight before returning home , bad food and worse service .
awful food . i'm not sure you could call it food . disgusting , painful , disgraceful . universal should should hold a higher standard .
i don't suggest honeygrow if you are hungry . their portions are baby sized . however , their food is delicious .
security guard was so rude i left without getting my medicine definitely won't be back
this was probably my worst car rental experience . was one of many unhappy customers who felt it was deceptive advertising .
last i heard they found mouse dropping near the take out containers . not very clean .
restaurant was dirty . had to self clean our table . food debris and trash on the floor . disgusting .
hard to fine and phone is not answered . the machine leads you over and over to know end .
yuckkkkkkk they gave you very little food for the money not worth it nope won't come back again
not sure about the bar . but as a restaurant , think applebee's except slightly cleaner and much more expensive .
the gelato was not good at all , watery . an horrible texture overall !
the server named connie was very impatient , impolite and made us uncomfortable , but the food is delicious .
i just called and the answering machine said they are closed ! heard their service stinks anyways .
service is not good . would not recommend this place . restaurant is very small , crowded and dirty !
worst breakfast croissant . it was so soggy and plain . i couldn't believe i started my day with this .
scam fee to supposedly pay there attorney to keep kratom legal . good luck fighting the dea on that one .
slow , inefficient service and they have messed up my order numerous times .
waited mins to be greeted , they were out of edamame , and the ipad wasn't working . worst experience
what happened to this place ? stop using . the microwave for pitas . overcooked chicken .
wayyyyyy over priced for what you get food wise . nice place though but go for happy hour
absolutely awful , they don't know how to multi task . if you go here you better hope it's on a slow day .
horrible food , bad service . cold food . how do you mess up breakfast ! creamer is fake bottled not half and half .
had vegetarian samosas and black lentils with rice at the restaurant . meh .
this place is cool if your into beating women . everyone involved with this establishment is trash . enough said
seriously do not come here . the wings are so small that's it legit comical . no , really i was laughing .
the bartender was rude . we live in seattle and visited this place . they were unfriendly and treated us poorly .
when i walked in , i felt weird vibes . bland food . koboodeh was nasty . lady didn't smile .
would avoid ordering the bonanza bread , just crust w cheese on it . yelp picture vs actual . the pizza was good .
noisy rough crowd , food blah , service terrible . valet service available but who needs it will not be back
am saturday breakfast ? nope . got there at opening time and not a soul was present . very disappointed .
horrible service . they don't make any of their baked goods . don't go !
bad experience . i got then turkey burger . large portion , but it wasn't done . rude unfriendly service . i wouldn't recommend .
everything was absolutely terrible . service , appetizer , entree etc . do not recommend at all .
bad experience there and the service is really crap .
unprofessional , unethical , insanely overpriced , and continues to take advantage of his employees . i hope this place gets shut down .
expensive . dirty . poorly managed . slumlords . oh , and they change the rules on you constantly . do not rent from here .
great food horrbile atmosphere and ambience ! won't return i can get great sushi anywhere
staff was great menu had vegan friendly options manager was not considerate and was argumentative of my friend's seizure condition
burger was mediocre , service was horrible . they had a great beer selection so there's that .
over crowded store filled with cheap looking merchandise . definitely will not visit again
worst place ever , bad customer service , food was old and credit card machine wasn't working
i saw a rat in this place . i never recommend to anyone . call health department , they sell food with rats
they were out of salads ! ? , and the pizza took forever , and when it finally came , it was just okay .
just once i'd like to go there and the ice cream machine not be down and the service not suck .
food is nothing special , but the cheese fries , hot chocolate and soda floats are amazing .
dumb hostesses , uneducated retarted bartenders .
the snobbiest service i've ever gotten .
music is great . drinks okay . fish tanks were filthy . hard to enjoy the ambience when worried about the fishes health .
was not impressed ordered the pollo caprese awful chicken dry lasagna was cold tasteless will not return
if you bought through hotwire , you'll get the worst room . almost nothing for breakfast .
hate it ! worst service i've ever had . it's over priced and not worth the time .
drinks are good . service is slow . food is pretty horrible , and i may have to take a later .
suckered in by uniqueness of crab stuffed pretzel . next time no .
cobb county gross . transit access terrible . tickets expensive . valet parking assholes . waffle house delicious .
btw my neighbor also noticed the cleaning man trying to chat up women while doing their stretches , yikes !
showed up at pm and was there until am waiting for service and food . never again .
massive overkill . the toppings are so overwhelming and messy that you barely can taste the cookie .
awful customer service , expensive but got my orders wrong and were rude about it . not recommended !
worst service ever ! always short staffed . food was cold when served . they need to shut this hole down
very unfriendly staff . food is pretty mediocre and had a bug in my last meal . not going here again .
didn't have coffee on the weekends . offered me a expensive americano . coffee shop that doesn't serve regular coffee . soooo no .
dirty , broken machines , unpleasant staff and management . canceling my membership soon
i can't believe they haven't renovated them selves yet , they were so gross years ago !
too noisy to focus on study . kinda disappointed with space . has dairy free option for coffee .
avoid at all costs . terrible service , slow slow slow , really rude management , mediocre food .
worst fried rice i've ever had . old chicken . sushi was just okay . i don't recommend going here
was surprised to see the kitchen staff not covering there face . food was decent . very busy establishment .
they suck . i honestly don't even have the hours to write this review . they've breached my lease .
the male doctor was friendly , the female staff phone operator nurse were not so much .
food took min . was really disappointed because they were i interrupting the movie .
way too expensive and portions are very small . save your money and go to royal panda across the street .
it smelled promising , but our pizza was really undercooked and the garlic was virtually raw . really disappointing .
tried to ask the guy about their food , such a horrible attitude . what a jerk . pass pass pass
the service here is a joke . absolute rudest assholes ever running the counter . see you never .
on the am i tried to buy gas at the pump outside not work i wasted my time .
this place is closed down ! owner won't even put a notice up that they're not open anymore !
hmmm , of all the dunkin' donuts around , this is not the best or even close . would not recommend a visit
do you like moldy produce ? do you like moldy fruit ? do you like moldy berries ? you'll love wheatsville .
terrible service . , staff lied about the sauces available . rude , unattentive and slow .
the ugley server at the register was rude ! can't even get a simple order correct . poor customer service
downstairs is horrible . the waitress gave us a lot of attitude . a lot . we ended up walking out .
i have paid att . over the last month for cell phone , tv and internet . it is not acceptable
the facelift this mall has gotten is so tacky . looks like a southern version of euro trash .
tried this restaurant recently . food is nothing to rave about . expensive and not worth the money .
she was disbarred for stealing client's money and settling cases without their knowledge or consent . stay away !
no frills cafe atmosphere . food is pretty bad . not worth a second visit
thank goodness for the view because the food wouldn't keep this restaurant opened !
overpriced drinks . service isn't very good . the music is too loud . the brunch buffet is extremely over priced .
ordered for delivery and my order was completely wrong . won't be ordering from this domino's again .
a haiku review of burgerville co worker hyped it . am i missing something here ? glorified fast food .
same mediocre breakfast . worsening customer service .
too bad there are no stars cause this dump could sure use it . rude service , sketchy people .
staff is short tempered and very young . food is alright but not worth putting up with the staff .
i'd rather go hungry than eat from this place . it's nasty all around ! don't waste your time .
one of the worst pad thai ever . if you like catchup and chewy noodles you'll love it
decent pho but staff seemed to forget us . long wait with no one there . we weren't going back .
nice employees and atmosphere , but possibly the worst coney dog i've ever had . bad sauce , bad bun , bad dog .
view . yes . it ok . scene ? hmm , guess i'd rather be elsewhere . just not much character ?
service is terrible . the hostess doesn't know how to seat people . don't recommend going here .
no water was running on . disappointed not to see this beauty how it was meant !
now i know that they use rape jokes to advertise , i would never eat here please reconsider your marketing tactics .
it is very expensive . the food is not good compare to the prices . slice of sashimi is really thin .
i canceled my membership today . interested more in politics then being a gym .
the food and atmosphere were fair , the prices were high , and the service was excellent .
gave me an estimate of five hours labor for a job that took another mechanic three . i wasn't impressed .
both the burnaby and richmond locations are now closed , according to the company's website .
i wonder if these people ever change the oil of their fryolator . the fried seafood was disgusting . never again .
dont . do . it ! no words , just dont ! unless you prefer a motel or . then it works for you !
decent at best . to spendy . poor service . prefer dave's .
great view rotating platform and high speed elevator experience . food is very salty , bad presentation of cocktails .
paid for rotten stinky smelly garbage and got food poisoned . zero stars
i love the specials but that patron shot was definitely not patron . i feel ripped off .
all paw grooming so so customer service poor . will not return to recommend .
it's crap the women there are rude and illiterate . the food mediocre will never go again
this place is lacking in the cleanliness department . raw meat handled with cooked ! back door wide open flies yum
psu pot smoker university . one of the highest acceptance rates in the nation at . just need a pulse .
closed on memorial day with no signs so everyone and their mom was sitting in the drive thru like idiots .
lukewarm . the food took awhile to arrive . the mussels were great . our entrees were room temperature . disappointed .
why does dental office need a business manager ? and business manager responds to complaints ? . its business gentle rip off dental .
wonderful food high prices very hip , but ultra rude people that's why is gets a star from me .
worst bar in town . every time i go i'm reminded even more why i hate this place . don't go .
too slow . only one guy takes a charge on shipping . take foooorevvvvvvvvver
this store is understaffed . i was in line minutes for a simple product return .
don't go there . the service was bad , and the burger was burned with tar ! awful experience !
the incompetence of this company is beyond words . they are extremely inefficient and rude .
if you order the shrimp fried rice , you'll be paying for nine small shrimps and rice . good luck !
crab cakes were over salted and the vietnamese sandwich was greasy . overpriced , boring food . however , the staff were really nice .
thanks for being rude and microwaving the meat for the philly cheesesteak . this place is horrible .
terrible and pricey food . meat is way over cooked and corn tasted strange and stale . avoid like the plague !
ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggffgggggvbdjxbdvxhsjkrbchfjkjdbdhchrjfbchfhdncbdbsjsndvxjgxhdjdjdndbfbchfbnffjrnjcrbbfkdkdncbcbdbdnf
clean yep friendly yep good at completing orders nope i live mile from here and they forget something of the time .
food was good , but service in general and the attitude of the barista was awful overall .
inedible and also not technically a pot pie . there is only a top crust , making it a casserole .
terrible . ice cream is almost melted and he literally mixed in oreos in a large . find another store .
ugh . they never have enough cashiers here . nothing like spending your whole lunch from work in line .
the service was terrible . the wings were suspect . did i mention the service was terrible ?
seriously meh for plus per person . but maybe i prefer to just stuff my face with sushi town sashimi .
my family went there to eat poor service , manager poor . this place should close their doors period !
the staff was polite but the bank is tiny and dirty looking .
this place is terrible from the front desk to the management . bait and switch ! never do business here !
it's ok . i think it's too pricey but not the best milk tea and there's only one size .
it seems you are blocking unfavorable reviews . you won't post mine ! justiceforwilliampottter
ordered the roasted pork samich . what little pork was present was dry . will not return .
food is good place is nice but the pizza was burnt a bit kitchen service was a bit slow
nothing much to post
breakfast sandwich on a regular hamburger bun . just say no and move on to another food option .
poor communication and follow up . i would not recommend this firm . based on my personal experience .
i won't be back , food was horrible . i rather rancho chico but to me both aren't authentic !
horrible service , seat near door very chilly , full of buckhead bettys
new owners . not the same . manicure doesn't last . gave them chances . don't waste your money .
i cannot believe this ! restaurant is a mess . kitchen is messy . staff is rude . food is cold . don't go here !
transportation was very poorly run to get anywhere is mins to an hour . go to disney
nada sorprendente y el servicio pesimo . no recomiendo este lugar hsy muchos otros lugares mejored
worst prime rib dinner i have ever experienced .
been here twice . food is mediocre at best . service was poor both times too . definitely won't be back
the filthiest red robin i have ever been to . tables and floor were so dirty . unappetizing . won't be back .
horrible service , disappointing food . every customer leaving was vocally irritated with their experience .
the most unenjoyable , contentious pick up i've had throughout this pandemic . would not recommend
worst company ever ! they give me a minute you false promises that they never deliver on .
possibly the worst coffee on the planet . he's been shifted to the fertilizer business
wait time is horrible ! stylists keep changing ! they even mess up the appointment schedule .
too expensive for portion size and limited menu . the place was full on a tuesday
horrible horrible ! trying to charge during pandemic ! i tried cancellation they are being impossible ! never go there !
long wait for crowded buses . very poor signage exiting garage . never again ! i'll take a cab .
staff was not friendly . pretty cold . coffee was good . pastry was delicious . good location . although generally poor service at ponce market
gm is a jerk , do not go to this place ! worst service ever ! very disappointed ! ridiculous and soooooo offended !
the flavor was not balanced on my simple order of wonton soup and broccoli chicken . neither was good .
order spaghetti meatball for the kid and nealpolitan pizza . meatball was plain nothing special . pizza was soggy and tasteless .
they have no beer . steaks . acceptable , but i think i will not come here again .
virgin pina colada costs . overpriced and average food . taco delmar has better food to offer than this place .
unprofessional , deceptive , long wait times , fraudulent billing practices . avoid at all costs .
a haiku review of widmer the hefeweizen . the only reason to go . get reservations .
i definitely wouldn't recommend . food is very tangy and salty . cook needs to lay off the salt .
the most disguisiting piece of shit i ever ate . good service but very un hygienic and horrible taste .
they charge you for using the internet to download your files . it cost me . to print pages !
horrible rental agency for so many reasons . if you value your hard earned dollars , stay away from four star .
the food has gone down hill and the owner is beyond rude . won't ever be back . don't waste your money
half hour for food . the burgers were good help was in disarray and not that busy
terrible selection not even a decent bottle of sauvignon blanc same for classic red grapes , really poor selection
gave me a ticket even though i had valid parking ?
great if you like overpaying i don't . . for a tube .
worst pho i've ever had . the chicken was slimy in my chicken pho and the soup was way too salty .
booo . worst chinese food i've ever had .
mediocre mexican food with inflated prices . customers are paying for the remodel from when it was jorge's .
great location , average food , grumpy defensive staff . wifi doesn't work .
i had dinner here last night , . my wife and i are both dealing with food poisoning today .
deserve completely stars . try to experience the security attitudes of the workers .
was prescribed the wrong , too strong of a prescription when i was coming here for years straight
i love the brand , but unfortunately this location lacks supplies and lacks customer service .
really bad matcha and strawberry soft serve . wouldn't recommend going here . bubble tea was passable , but low quality too .
expensive for small portions . wings were very salty , rolls were dry and pasta was runny .
have a hotspot there , everything going well , hours later getting very bad diarrhea . definitely something not clean .
great meals . but do not buy fish here . twice and i had to throw it out .
pizza sucks if you like this place you obviously don't know how good pizza tastes like .
their website says they service hays county but when i called the woman said they do not . wtf ?
the food is good but the staff sucks ! mostly unfriendliest employees that seem to hate their jobs !
there is no harley store at this address , just bushes and undeveloped land . don't be fooled !
i'm all for supporting all restaurants during covid , but a burger with a side of fries ? come on man !
i was satisfied with the food until i saw this hair . please check before you leave . smh . i should have .
extemely bad service arrogant and bad taste pizza dont waste your money on salty pizza
good coffee , bad customer service . the cashier didn't make me feel welcomed and i was rushed while ordering .
extremely rude staff . takes x longer than any other subway , super dirty . every time i come here it's horrible service
not the best place to get a loan . they eliminated deposits at the atm . need i say more .
food was ok , but the service was sub par .
took them hours to mount and balance a tire , and they didn't even balance it correctly .
bartender was nice . beers made by culmination were subpar . beers ciders made by other companies were by far better .
ordered a jr bacon cheeseburger and the sandwich had no cheese , lettuce , or mayo ! very disappointing .
very poor customer service from our waiter , which ruined the experience . food was okay average .
horrible , service sucks new girl kept rolling her eyes like i won't get her fired . very immature
a cheat sold me a car whose engine was smoking and had no brakes wouldnot give money back m
server was not attentive . very slow . too salty . this place has changed . bad service . bad taste .
shabby decor , weird odor , okay service , bland boring could be better if i just made it at home food , decent prices . won't return .
good if you are tired and hungry , neither the service or food was delivered with love or joy .
i ended up going to lindsay norton at fringe , in the pearl . she was very good .
this place has staff that is disrespectful and routinely hits women . dangerous ! do not go and take your business elsewhere .
will do a great job of selling the property , but follow up and communication is lacking .
very disappointed dissatisfied took three times to get the order right and the bagels were hard as rocks
came here yesterday . service was terrible . staff were rude . food was okay . will not return !
ice cream was so so , the staff seemed bored and grungy . why bother unless you absolutely need ice cream .
placed an order over an hour ago , never came ! call on hold minutes to find out system is down ridiculous !
terrible service and understaffed . took almost hour to get our lunch after placing the order .
i keep calling . please stop billing me . we stopped service over a year ago .
we just found out they're a scam . they dont answer any calls either , who is going to stop them ? !
don't even , seriously , just don't . your choices are salmon , salmon or salmon . i would recommend the garnish .
this hotel is not very clean . the outside looks better than the rooms . i don't recommend staying here .
awful pizza . they forget salad dressing and wing sauce . took forever . order elsewhere
spectacularly bad service . achieving new levels of complete non care . quite exceptional at apathy .
service was good , but the quality of the margaritas and all the food we tried was subpar at best .
poor quality lunch all you can eat . tempura is not fresh . bbq chicken is not too bad . not recommend
terrible service . lots of people waiting and booths completely vacant . not going back
very average chinese food . nothing really stood out except the incredibly slow service . hire more staff !
the worst . slow , incompetent service . if you get your car towed , pray it's not by these people .
average food , terrible service . nice manager but still bad service . also terrible location in narnia .
sausage and cheese kolache was basically a cheap hotdog with velveeta wrapped in a white bun . so dissapointed !
didn't like the owner going to my table all the time ruined my night with the friends
i went back and was horrified to see a roach crawling under my table . and then i saw another roach .
expensive for the amount of food they give you . owner staff unfriendly and unwelcoming . will not recommend this place !
worst . they post signs and dont come through . period .
not worth the stress . it never works , something is always broken , hours of customer service . avoid .
warning parking rates increased as of . paid for hrs on a sunday !
let's face it mcdonalds is discussing . it's bad for you and bad for the world .
the manager at this location is beyond rude . i will never return because of john . crooked and a bully .
rude staff like someone owe their money . even worse than the chinese supermarket . slow service , worst starbucks ever !
good food , generally , but the service is often extremely poor .
terrible service for very simple orders even on a monday evening .
ew ! so bad . red sox and volcano were disgusting . and we were the only people in the restaurant .
good servers , tiny portions , mediocre food . one of those pretentious places that tries too hard to be hip .
the worst . got bumped again from first class . gonna dispute the full fare on my amex .
unannounced , weren't open during their regular business hours on november . wish we hadn't already paid for parking !
extremely slow . slowest chik fila i have ever been to . the quality of the food was fine .
while there was many seat available they didn't let us sit because they felt they weren't ready . piss me off
why did yelp delete my review ? i gave a poor review because i had a negative experience . sadly dissappointed .
if you have a girlfriend named snookie go to fibber mcgee's . if not , stay clear .
night for a bed infested with bed bugs stay away ! should have gone for hilton or marriott .
wait time is ridiculous ! i was number at ! need to hire more people to accommodate larger crowds !
i just called to confirm , the phone is routed to the cumberland mall location . this location has closed .
worst customer service . unbelievably overpriced . worst customer service . unbelievably overpriced .
a minute pedicure ? no exaggeration , it was the shortest , most thoughtless pedi i've ever had . not worth it .
average food , slow poor service and overpriced . not worth your time .
the coffee is fair trade , organic , and shade grown . and it sucks .
unpalatable food short beer menu with no prices listed rude waitresses meh decor .
the food is alright . not that great . the service sucksssss our waiter left without saying anythingggg .
staff was extremely judgmental and threatened to throw my friend out of the bar
avoid this center . people are idiots , incompetent .
not happy with this place don't know why everyone was raving about this place just a regular place
food is overpriced ! service is super slow ! stick to football shula !
filthy filthy . the employees are nice but i the place is so dirty top to bottom . dirty plate award .
i enjoyed the crowd , especially the abundance of mice crawling around the floor . we didn't stay here long . ew .
really not worth the time . slow , poor service . food is of poor preparation and quality .
sat at the bar for over minutes while the bartender chatted up friends . went next door to backwoods instead
omg . slowest fast food ever ! people behind the counter produce sandwich every minutes .
arona and his coworkers certainly could improve their customer service skills , as well as their knowledge .
okay food , ok pastries , ok ice cream . big service mess . long line to pay , very inexperienced service . you've been warned .
burger was cold even the cheese was unmelted . the fries were hot , but overcooked almost burnt . was not impressed .
who ever has heard of a patty melt on white bread , boring and gross .
great location . nice atmosphere . terrible customer service . inflated prices for average service .
sketchyyy . i would never go to this place after dark if i were you . there's always people just hanging out .
terrible service , never got my food after minutes sitting for a cheese enchilada . left and ate chueys .
servicw horrible . food was not good . it does not worth the price . salad bar horrible .
there was a bone in my chicken enchiladas and my waitress didn't even care . i won't be back .
we waited for minutes at our booth tonight . no waiter ever acknowledged us , so we left .
beautiful view . horrible service . terrible food . just for tourist .
went here for unlimited shrimp special . the food was awful and the service subpar . never going back .
never taught me anything about hand signal which leads me to failure even without starting the car .
this business is no longer in this location . sure bummed because it sounded awesome !
rude bartenders that id you every time you try and order a drink . wasn't fun .
this movie theater smells like urine . everywhere . the lines are so long and no ones ever working
wow , super expensive sandwiches that are pretty bland and dry . meat comes out extremely inconsistently . sandwich bread is awful .
beautiful hotel . staff is not professional . they act not so happy to see you .
quick turnaround . but the food was bland . very few vegetarian options . tough to find parking spot .
place sucks ass sorry ass bartenders weak drinks go elsewhere .
super unfriendly staff . they barely want to speak to customers never mind be bothered to take their money !
average food . terrible service . rude to postmates . most of the food online they no longer make . never again .
basic pricey texmex barfood with more bar than food and no time for anyone to clean the place .
terrible food . drinks were good but do yourself a favor and don't waste your on the brunch .
service mediocre , food tasteless ! and walked passed employees who didn't acknowledge us at all as we exited .
closed per sign on the door saying landlord has taken over the space !
flour is much better . i think the sandwiches here taste bland and bread is not as high quality as elsewhere .
waayyyy too sweet . if you get a cone with your ice cream , your teeth will hurt from all the sugar .
was so much better when it was cinetopia . the food is awful and the facilities are dated and crappy .
pretty terrible . turkey wrap was drenched in mustard so i couldn't taste anything else . the wait time is really long .
pad thai is sweet not real pad thai and quite bad .
worst place ever ! i'd rather shove a prickly cactus up my dick hole than go back there .
bottom line , overpriced for the quaility of meat you are getting .
i would like to delete thid
outrageous prices and rude employee . not sure why the hell the do or still in business !
bed bugs ! massive infestation in every room , each bed , including the sofa bed . we checked out early . it was disgusting .
service was incredibly slow . food was only average at best . don't waste your time at this location .
outdated hotel , very smoky . reasonable price close to the airport . only good for a day stay
wasn't super impressed with the vegetarian dish i got here .
after giving this d'angelos many tries , i've settled on the conclusion that this is not a great d'angelos .
not impressed at all . fried rice was bland and you could tell it was microwaved . expensive .
soggy french fries . there is better fast food nearby .
i live right next door to this place , and i've only eaten there once . need i say more ? mi dun .
this company is ripping off their costumers , charging monthly premium and then rejecting all claims , stay away , big time thiefs .
the bartenders are rude , demeaning , and aggressive towards the female patrons . will not be retuning and would not recommend .
this place has gone downhill . i think it's all about the here . i've found a new vet .
is this place still open for business ? i tried to call them and the phone number is not in service .
beware before signing any contract . don't get trapped into paying a fortune with this company .
stay away . sneaky and dishonest service experience . they tell you one thing prior and change it after .
worst sub i've ever had . had a veal cutlet sub , which was ground veal and inedible .
good food , sometimes just ok . but terrible customer service . expect to be yelled at , or not even acknowledged .
i'm sitting here right now . there is no music . i'm sweating . and it smells like dead wood . goodbye .
employees are more ready to leave the store than actually help people who have been waiting over an hr
great company , cute hidden place but all the meats were sorta dry and portions are miniscule . good wine though !
the quality of the food was underwhelming . the eggs benedict had a bit of a chemically after taste .
big screen in advertising . yikes ! on top of that radio advertising and annoying music . warfare on the senses
service sucks , the associates are polite but there's often a long wait and order is never made correctly .
noise level is the predominant feature , which would be more interesting if the music selection were better .
the chicken was so dry and tough ! sauce was delicious though .
clean , moderately priced and decent atmosphere . slow service and food was extremely bland and unauthentic . i will not return .
the guy that operates the cart should give up . the rudest customer service experience you'll get in portland .
the venue is nice . it has potential however the service , drinks and availability of food needs to all be improved .
blocked traffic completely un necessarily . rude . entitled . asked to move initially would not . i asked for foreman then he moved .
i believe there was mustache pomade in my hibiscus laced ipa . good idea , bad execution .
ok food . but no chocolate syrup to make any kind of chocolate shakes . slow service . place could use a good cleaning .
its shitty company and service , they stole my stuff and delayed it for months . they are fucking thieves
stay away . rating is massively inflated . sub par food , feels and likely is unclean .
you get what you'd expect from a kfc , except this one has a terribly rude service team .
good selection , ten minute wait at checkout . staff ignored me while shopping . i had questions .
the most unprofessional and disgusting mcdonald's i've ever been to ran by a bunch of hooligans thugs !
great atmosphere . burger was a great concept and flavor profile , but meat was pretty dry . kinda disappointed
absolutely horrible customer service . takes way too long to check out . this always happens . it doesn't depend on the day time .
salty italian food served at a star price point . the people of campbell are the perfect client base .
what a trash service , waste days . when i give you my medicaid id you should check it .
garbage service if i didn't ask it'd probably take years to get a menu and complimentary water
very slow service , had to go up to the bar to get a beer . left and went to opal's .
customer service was great but the portions are smaller and more expensive will not return to any red lobster .
best thing on my brisket plate was the pickles . waste of money .
customer service blows , fish and chips sucked . fried haddock sucked , pretty sure they don't know how to cook .
always cold , heat never on and dirty atmosphere . bathrooms are disgusting filthy . like ownership does not care .
place was aight man . the hype is over done on yelp they justttt aight i had better jerk pasta
over priced for the underwhelming fare . dry sandwiches , lousy portions , sticky tables . not worth the money .
my food smelt like pee and i would not could not eat it .
all of the food was horribly over cooked and under seasoned . the the orange chicken tasted like orange rubber .
extremely slow service and understaffed when i went it was ridiculous . food wasn't the best either .
absolutely pathetic and does not pay his employees a proper amount that they have worked
poor service food arrived at all different times food is ok clam chowder is amazing skip this place .
worst car rental ever . i will never do business there again . help was terrible . this place is a scam .
great location service . drinks were good . food was god awful . left hungry with . bill for two .
great outdoor area , good cocktails . see vice decet but horrible food . couldn't eat my entree .
worst experience i've had with any rental company . unprofessional . rude . don't use unless very past option !
i would not send my dog there if he needed eye surgery . do not trust them !
only came here because it was close to ashdown mit grad dorms . nuff said
order came out cold . manager had it redone and it came back completely wrong . overpriced breakfast food . never go back
the tour guide never showed up for our tour . i contacted them via their website and never heard anything back .
the crunchy roll is great , but steer clear of the summer roll it's all noodles . no joke see the picture .
horrible . slow . biscuits were microwaved worst mcdonald's experience ever ! had to stop somewhere else to eat .
my only disappointment in pdx , price and not that delicious . skip this place . maybe a drink or two .
horrible place . over priced ! the worst communications ever . terrible follow up ! poorly run !
dollars for this ? ! ha ! nonsense . over priced for baby portions isn't good business practices . never again .
wanted for cleaning comforter and everyone else is . it is just a comforter . not requiring detail
poor food . i got food poison because of the shrimp that i ordered . don't eat at this place .
extremely slow service , but the music was great ! just have to remember not to come hungry .
called for an estimate and took time off of work to meet them and they no showed no called
i won't come here again , most terrible sushi i eat here ! the salmon here is not fresh .
overpriced . just like regular fast food chinese . would have paid half the price back home at my usual chinese restaurant .
first car in the drive threw and still had to wait minutes for two milkshakes ? terrible service .
not competent to take my information fora re roof estimate . would not do business with these people . jim f .
experienced slow , rude customer service in quick lane . will not return for future services
i was thinking about giving it try for the nd time in
bad customer service , seller very rude when approached question over a pair of boots !
worst place i've ever been , service and pizza are awful .
if you like slop nachos you'll love this place . it was flavorless and gross . totally disgusting .
floors are dirty and greasy . cashier greeter was grumpy . food was ok . will not be back .
brothers pizza stinks ! i found a pice of glass in my pizza . not to mention how pricey it is
in terms of sushi old and literally has scents of garbage . in terms of service wanting .
the chicken tastes microwaved , the rice is watery and the mac has no flavor . major was of money .
movie ticket prices are reasonable , the theater was clean as were the bathrooms , however , every employee i encountered was essentially useless .
prices are equal to restaurants . food is not . it's that simple .
don't use this company if you want to get along with your neighbours . rude workers
the food is fine . the location is fun . but this place is vastly overrated .
disappointed , not as flavorful as the food truck , the service was friendly but we had to ask for things often .
my wife and i tried things and they were all very sweet . we both felt unwell afterwards .
rude staff . extremely slow delivery . put on hold times during one phone call . stay away .
lack of salt all around . for the price and quantity you are better off going to chipotle .
good price for beer . play music toooo loud . sucks . dirty ass bathrooms . stinky .
slow service . tacos were so salty i couldn't even eat them . only good item ordered was the queso .
the store manager is very unprofessional and as well as rude . they definitely need training in customer service .
this place is ok . usually crowded with sub par food . basic overpriced drinks , bland wait staff and not much variety .
when you are out of service the reimbursement fees are ridiculously low , very unhappy with comcast .
i echo the sentiments and experience of the other star review the shop owner was incoherently rude and dismissive .
don't waste your time . the food is average at best . limited menu . small space .
awful food . from the triangles to the make your own dishes . the wings were edible at best . awful .
buyer beware , stay away , they will not pay your bills !
customer service is awesome but meat selection sucks , much over priced for low quality meat . won't be back .
the quality of the food was fair . the price for what you got was high .
this place is ridiculously horrible . too loud , subpar food , and service isn't attentive . that's enough !
totally disappointed and felt cheated . it is a traveller's nightmare . stay away from them . scammers !
absolutely horrible . never reply to phone calls , emails . impossible to talk to and get anywhere with .
cafeteria style food . i was hoping for panera like . baked potato soup was sub par , accompanying bread was just nasty .
it's not even worth the time to explain . go somewhere else . don't let the patio entice you .
terrible experience . wasted almost . for a scooter that did not work . customer service is a joke .
the only good thing about this restaurant is the location . the quality of food and service is poor
messy appointment system . the reminder can be outdated and random .
this place isn't called east manor anymore . it's now called jin's . buffet sucks dim sum on weekends isn't bad though .
terrible service , unhelpful staff . i would spend more at another location just to not shop here .
good prices . not the freshest produce . staff is rude and unfriendly .
the food here is so so . nothing great but not horrible . i've had much better . prefer el vaquero .
worst mcdonald's we've ever been to . restaurant was very dirty . stay away from this one !
not enough chinese food . too much raw fish . too expensive for a buffet .
second worst hair cut of my life . most of the barbers are good , but i got a real chop job .
they won't accept a new patient unless they have been referred by an existing patient . very strange policy .
needs more staff at pharmacy many times it takes over mins to just pick up already filled perscription . not cool
i went here with my husband and we both got food poisoning . unfortunately . i'd stay far away from this place .
curry fish balls no taste . pork chop rice is american style
rude employees especially lea terrible customer service and blatant discrimination ! go somewhere else .
refused to serve at . . this is illegal but the host was extremely rude and refused to serve
the manager should train their employees so they don't look like idiots in front of the customer
absolutely not worth the trip . bad service . mediocre sushi . ginger was old with tough edges . keep the discount .
ordered naan breads . waited minutes . quality service . don't buy the cheese naan or the potato naan . disgustingly disappointing .
apathetic employees , cleanliness issues and shady characters in the parking lot . what else can i tell you .
piss poor attitude , half ass job . go anywhere else
the service was terrible and the seafood restaurant is actually a mexican restaurant . don't be fooled .
greasy , broth is not tasty , tooo buttery and oily . expensive and small place . not recommended .
good food . terrible service . you feel like your presence is an imposition and hardship on them .
i got a vanilla cupcake . it was dry , the icing was gritty , and the sides were burnt . try lyndell's instead .
just called and they are not accepting new dogs at this time .
found hair in buffalo wrap , had to debate with staff for refund . would not recommend nor will i return .
saw the chef that was making the po boys talk on his phone while cooking . im utterly disgusted .
nice venue , good comedy , great bartender , camera unfriendly management seriously it's .
terrible slow service and also unsanitary , we sat there for mins with out any acknowledgement from the workers
booked a cab through their app and no one showed up . waited mins before calling another company .
horrible ! this was my first and last visit to this place . bad customer service , scalding hot water .
food is just edible . food is always served cold . we try times and never going back .
absolutely terrible expensive salad , missing most of the ingredients had to ask for more brie , it was a joke !
got awful food poisoning from this place . just don't come here
super unprofessional staff that answer phones . be careful of your credit cards .
price nearly doubled after all the hidden fees , car was clean service was fine . will not use thins company again
not worth the money . lacking flavor and very underwhelming . presentation was nice though .
it's no wonder you closed .
totally mediocre at best . got a really bland huevos rancheros . i wouldn't recommend the restaurant to anyone
bouncers can't tell the difference from a fake id and a real id . extremely disappointing
flat benchs too close together . not a weightlifting gym . bottled water unreasonably priced .
food was very good , but i got very serious food poisoning that lasted a few day right after eating here .
long wait . very confused staff . cold food . dirty tables and floor . not ready for business yet !
don't get the bowl . the portion is small and overprice . rice were burnt . just get the sandwich .
fake chinese food get this if you're ultra americanized and enjoy food drowned in oil
online and call in orders are very unorganized from order to receiving my food over hrs .
i see all the wonderful quotes . i would just like a response from my two requests the last four days .
extremely slow and unprofessional . the drive thru ordering was done at the window . not happy at all
good food bad service ! and where is that sewer smell coming from ? maybe some one at city hall could help .
really bad service food was served not warm but cold had to wave down my waiter just for water refills
i'm revoking any good things i said .
i was offended by my server . he was unintentionally racist which made my experience uncomfortable .
they don't carry many of the items that are listed on grubhub and frankly their customer service is terrible
they charge you . per tender to toss it in sauce . trying to hose you at every corner
burnt shots , and barely any foam . told the barista but they said that's the medium roast .
customer service is terrible . the employees were rude and insulting . plus the food is not very good .
zero star for this restaurant . never order from them anymore suck customer service rude staff .
i basically got bullied into purchasing additional coverage when i repeatedly told the person at the counter i had coverage .
rats . enzo's has rats . please take care of this issue . unfortunately , i will not be back !
i just wanted to post once more to reiterate what an unprofessional annoying little twit this guy is !
this place is probably the wackest place ive been to on th
dated , overheated , shower had barley a trickle , beds were so so . not my favorite but you could do worse .
this place has gone down hill and sucks donkey balls now !
worst dealership service experience ever . deceitful in their business practices .
employees more concerned about complaining to each other than helping customers . focus on the consumer not yourself
worst haircut i have ever gotten in my life ! don't go here ! they do not know how to cut hair
overly expensive and the food is not even good . music too loud ! only great for the young crowd !
white people's thai food . there is better out there .
steel wire inside the seafood pancake ! ? i'm so disappointed will never order from this restaurant again
always late for delivery at qfc . one hour late ! no response , no apologize . they don't respect other people's time .
called to order delivery and they said they aren't delivering tonight ? false advertisement !
had brunch , food was cold on cold plates . you have an oven , keep your plates hot . not impressed .
this place closed down without notice ! guess it was too good to be true
always seems kind of dirty . there are other quizno's nearby . meh .
i gave this place a second chance many many years later and it was just as terrible as i remember .
worst . drinks . ever . margaritas are just water , that's it . order overpriced garbage beer and enjoy the view .
is this business , still in business ? i've called and left a message twice and they don't call back .
worst donuts i've ever had . tastes old , dry and way too sweet . i threw away my cruellers after one bite .
service was just awful , food was mediocre . location is the only positive here folks . i would avoid .
could be good , but they never seem to answer the phone for catering orders .
terrible experience . not spanish at all . expensive , bad quality and worst service .
food was really greasy . and the server has a major attitude ! service does not worth the price
i used to work there rats and roaches everywhere ! nasty nasty place which sucks bc the food is pretty good
overpriced for fast food chinese that doesnt even taste as good as fast food chinese .
fixed my wife's iphone glass with i go , and it cracked again less than a week later . would not recommend .
overrated food , rude staff , long lines . i'll take a big plate of nope , with a side of no , thanks .
worst experience at a brewery ever . staff seemed irritated and definitely didn't want to be there .
only good thing from there is their bones spare ribs and pork fried rice .
tater tots were like a salt lick . long wait for food . the food quality and menu have become lackluster .
good for watching sports and the atmosphere . food is just ok . definitely dont order seafood . stick to bar food .
very horrible customer service . way to expensive for equipment that breaks down all the time . switch to satellite
probably worst panera i have ever been to . they are always out of everything on the menu and never restock .
an hour in at the banks show and still no banks ! want my money back . never coming to this venue again .
terrible customer service after than pillage your pockets for fees and towing that was unwanted !
good place to find super expensive baby things , if you're into that . hard to find a helpful person here .
forgettable sushi covered in sauce . bland tom kha gai . poor service .
worst place ever . rude personnel . and the doughnuts aren't even worth the price . doughnuts from safeway taste way better .
rude staff who'd clearly rather be working with commercial buyers . avoid !
matt mcconaughey must have bad taste in sushi . the sushi i received was cold , like they had been storing it .
slow service as a result of poor management . pretty disgraceful . you don't get this at other stores .
went to the starbucks inside safeway and ordered my drink . when i received it the drink was hardly even blended .
not ready for business , no parking , no service , no english , not very impress for new opening of a grocery store .
quesadilla was undercooked . they forgot my friends order which he already paid for and refused to make it .
honest to goodness the worst service i have ever experienced . drinks were overpriced , and the food was mediocre at best .
bottom line go to taco bell . better food , service , and easier on your wallet .
this place is racist . plain and simple . i'll never come here . i have no idea why it's ok to stereotype .
lumberjack meal killing it french toast grate homemade turkey hash had turned , not good at all very sour tisk tisk
good food if you like it greasy and heavy . nice staff though ! gained lbs just by looking at that biscuit .
don't do it . looks healthy veggies are extremely overcooked and doesn't taste remotely asian .
news reports stated a cashier refused to check out an on duty police officer because he was a cop .
got a scoop of cotton candy today and it was so freezer burned i couldn't even eat it !
the restaurant was clean , bartenders very friendly but the food was mediocre at best .
i was quite displeased with the overall quality of the food . especially the sashimi .
horrible service , dirty menus with food all over them , we are non smokers , everyone around us was smoking .
for the price , i was expecting something a lot better . i was not impressed .
really shitty service . rude bartender and dismissive bartender . fuck this place .
if i could do zeros stars i would . horrible don't waste our time or money at universal here
i just walked in , not one clean table , no customers and al employees laughing and not one cleaning anything .
they discriminate against pitbulls . even though they assess the dog for temperament , they still discriminate and dont allow them .
cheer up , yarn store workers ! your customers love your products , so there's no harm in helping them out .
they are horrible stay away shady business practices going on there
this stuff tastes so artificial , and it's high priced . definitely not good food , to me . i won't be back .
attractive decor , unappealing and complicated menus . not worth a second visit .
this is the worst rental company and it changes its name every year to lure more victims .
went for the week end buffet , and this isn't an authentic south indian restaurant !
no longer doing mirch masala ? what the hell ? that's why i came here . came being a past tense verb .
side orders were expensive and the brisket was too salty for me . i had tasted much more delicious briskets .
extremely rude manager at front desk . makes me lose appetite just seeing his attitude
beware their return policy . bad attitude about it , too . i'm sorry but i won't be back .
my nails turned yellow and green from the dip powder . never has that happen to me before
orange egg drop soup ? rubbery chicken bits in dry fried rice ? yikes !
typical fake mexican american food . tasteless bland . good customer service but still just less than so so food . sorry not sorry .
ordered different items and all looked like they had the same sauce . rice was blah as well . thumbs down .
smells like cigarette smoke , looks dirty and the waitresses are rude . never going back .
best buy has gone down hill and is continuing in that direction fast .
had the spicy chicken biscuit and it was undercooked . service was quick tho . maybe too quick .
meh . nice view tame bbq
please stop continually harrassing me through phone , e mail , and with your lawyer over this review .
of you who live within walking distance can't afford to shop here . this is gentrification at its finest .
seriously needs remodeling the place is very run down great food but overpriced nice service
on the small ish side and needs stadium seating . location is a bit weird too .
too little food compared to the amount of people the restaurant allowed to come in . my last time here !
the gluten free pancakes are inedible . wait staff seems very inefficient and mismanaged .
incredibly divey , but not in a good way . didn't seem clean , people weren't friendly , no music playing . gave me sketchy vibes .
dry cake , overly sweet frosting . i used to think i'd never meet a cupcake i didn't like , but .
over rated . poor review because of stale waffle cones .
perfect if you like long lines , watery queso , bland food , loud atmosphere , and rinse manager . if not beware .
so disappointed that they are closed only for private parties since nov . i wish they found a balance
great staff and merchandise . i think they need needed more cashiers because the line was so long .
worst bar in portland . bad service . can't stress enough . for a good time , avoid this bar .
inconsiderate of the neighborhood on sunday evenings . i cannot support an establishment that conducts business in this way .
restaurant advertises delivery on website , but no delivery driver working on a friday night . really ? one star ! shame on you !
meat cheese bread attitude . don't go in at on a tuesday evening expecting a warm greeting .
food was so bland i thought i caught covid and was showing the symptom for taste and smell disappearing .
extremely slow service inside the restaurant . ridiculously slow . we almost walked out multiple times .
don't go here . there are much better local tex mex restaurants in austin .
awful food and crappy service . stars for location and being open . otherwise they'd get no stars .
this place sucks . the wait is ridiculous . thirty minutes for me . despite covid this is beyond unacceptable .
they can't tell the difference between tonkatsu sauce vs oyster sauce on my tonkatsu that's not in a bento .
their food tastes terrible and service is one of the worst restaurants i've ever been .
lol simply terrible , sandwich soggy with grease , cant believe how this place has gone down , use to be great
most disgusting place i've been to . and staff doesn't know anything about the product they are clueless
this is the last place you want to take your power equipment
big scam don't do this ! you go and there are a million people ! employees stand around and don't help you !
th time now . came here when it's advertised open but surprise surprise , they're closed . whyyyy ? !
high prices with low quality . they should improve their product for a downtown location .
disgusting , plain simple . mushy un edible shrimp fried rice minus the shrimp . really ?
this starbucks should be faster in the morning , during the rush . it's am and the drive through is taking forever .
terrible . typical lying , manipulating car dealers ! i would not send any one there !
the funny thins about medsprings is i still haven't heard from them . no follow up like it was publicly stated .
i got a wonderful pedicure as usual but customer service really lacks when they are busy .
pizza has no flavor and way overpriced . i'd rather eat a frozen torino's pizza than this .
if you've arrived from california or brooklyn for sxsw please , please , please don't forget to leave .
overpriced food and advertised parking off willow st . but owner refused to compensate for parking ticket .
review to be updated soon pending conversations with the owner , the bbb , boli , and osha
two stars for nice service , for everything else , times . here a picture of my deluxe jr bacon cheeseburger
smelled like a dirty diaper . we could not get out fast enough . the yoghurt was very crystalline .
and now more bs spam . in the mail now . all because i got a stupid recall done here . wow guys .
overpriced , overrated crap for yuppies . i've had gyro's that were times better at diners in burbank . yes , burbank .
wait times excessive compared to competition . continuous issue of other buses coming and going g while waiting on preflight .
they charge . for an empty water cup . i will not patronize taco bell in the future
manager is total . don't waste your money most unprofessional place handles a problem with woohoo ! never again !
the food is great , but the management is terrible . do yourself a favor and go to cambridge .
very dirty drink station , with a sour smell and gnats flying around . dirty bathroom with no changing table .
one star for value and one star for not making me sick . meh , i've experianced much better .
disappointed that they accidentally returned my boss' box to the vendor . nice individual helped me but what a nightmare .
typical food court setting , long lineups during lunch dinner time . obviously sucks there's no drive thru in burnaby .
we walked out ! falls , table , glasses were all dirty , even the menu came with wine and gravy !
gross ! the pizza , appetizers and atmosphere are all sad , soggy and depressing . this was definitely a one and done experience .
bought cupcakes . all were really dry , and tasted like they were made a few days ago .
sorry but i'm aking off a star . days later and the polish is peeling off . tip wasted .
disappointed in shrimp scampi i ordered yesterday . not nearly as good as in the past
i would never go back . the guy going my pedicure just shredded my heel with the pumice block .
food was ok service was very slow and poor menu is limited and flavor profiles are bland . won't go back
been here twice now . not recommended for the food but the environment is fun being that its a sports bar .
wait staff is trying , kitchen is slow , they don't have it together yet . food was delicious though .
pancakes have gone downhill ! very dry and flavorless . also , saw both large roaches and rats while dining at this location .
i contacted them online mon afternoon after trying to call , but have not heard .
. bad service from multiple employees . closing hours are never consistent . poor food and drinks small menu
good atmosphere , overcooked lobster .
bland pasta salad uncaring cashier excellent pesto and pita ? two confused stars .
horrible food i ever ate . service in the other hand was good .
the bartender sucked . table service was non existent . attitude was horrible . this place has no soul and deserves no business .
worst service from a panera ever . go to the waltham location for much better service .
i just wanted to have a good birthday . but no the wallflower decided to poison me with gluten sad .
closed to be replaced with a wood fired oven pizza joint , called pie ous get it ? .
the cover is and beer for . so far so good . but , the attention and service is awful .
very disappointing . beer was good . service was terrible . food was blah . bill was big . don't think i'll be back .
soup was good . but noodle was so bad . it's not a japan ramen . i'm not gonna be there again .
tables are all dirty , trash all over the floors , my order wasn't correct . don't waste your time on the restaurant .
overpriced , small portions . owner is not nice . stay away .
med cheese pizza , one special pizza , calzone . beers . not that great , very pricy .
takes forever , the fries were unsalted and burned to a crisp , the tables were a bit dirty .
this place is very old and dirty . staff is loud . i gave two stars because the massage was decent .
service was very slow and he didn't seem to care . had to ask someone else for more coffee .
sandwiches dry and falling apart , salad wilted and rotten . this was delivered . dine in experience may be better .
just tried calling on a tuesday and no answer no voice mail . are they still open for business ?
don't understand the big hype about this sugarbun . for me , it's nothing special .
double . ea . the price from quick print . global print . for pg . b w one side copies . avoid .
im sorry but its the worst thai food ive ever had . service is very good and very friendly .
worst churches chicken ever ! minute wait on tenders . rude employees ! just an all around bad experience every time ive gone
food poisoning . undercooked burger . will never return .
terrible service ! waitress was not attentive . waitress demanded tip that was not deserved . food was great tho .
this place is awful ! worst customer service ! it's a pick up joint smoke all day
horrible service ! horrible ! stay away unless you like being cursed out because the staff is unfamiliar with the menu .
terrible greasy crap . it's as though the chefs have seen photos of chinese food but never eaten it . avoid !
irritable and disorganized . seems like they need more staff and a healthy dose of friendly .
worst chinese food ever ! do not eat there unless you have money to waste ! mushy rice . dried out food .
cold spinach dip , tasteless coleslaw on shrimp po boy . go to flippers pizza next door , this place is just bad
ordered steak quesadilla . the meat used was mostly cuts of fat . really gross . other food was alright .
very cool quirky vibe here . the food was yummy but if u are vegetarian , there are not many options .
save your time and money . slow and expensive , i've had better service elsewhere without the attitude .
closed its doors on sunday , july . i can't believe they stayed open as long as they did .
filled two prescriptions wrong in our household in one month . don't know what they are doing .
never met a person that hates their job more than the person working the register on overnights
this is the absolute worst club in boston . bouncer uses profane language and was very rude towards customer .
why does pizza hut have an hour and a half delivery time ? . seriously get your act together !
stay away from the pastrami sandwich . go to mikes deli in brookline instead .
weak flavors . we didn't experience the serene quiet that a previous yelper did .
very very overpriced for what you get and what we got wasn't very good . service was very slow .
nothing exciting in here , although their art home supplies are nice to look at .
watery coleslaw and rubbery fish . good service and good drink menu .
greasy food nothing special staff ok and my order was not prepared correctly . no more .
complete rip off of corpus christi produce established in ! don't let them rip off creators like this smh
got my patty melt and thete was so much sauce and little burger i couldn't eat it . never agsin .
no words . hands free covid delivery minus slices that someone ate before my pizza arrived ? wtf ? !
filthy and falling to pieces . food is terrible at best , service is slow . burger's meat is very low quality .
food was just ok . nice bar and patio but i didn't have any drinks . probably won't be back .
lame ass city . doesn't make pay to park visible . will never move or visit this city again !
mediocore indian food . one of the stars is because of the friendly staff .
daves double , just meet and cheese ? every time i go to this place something is wrong .
the vacuum nozzle broke off exactly eleven seconds after i put all my quarters in the machine . fail .
i've tried this place multiple times very underrated wasn't satisfied i feel like it's mostly a hype .
good product , unprofessional service . very frustrating .
long line . very expensive . super crowded . didn't end up staying since it was so outrageous .
everything was delicious except i got horrible food poisioning from the ricotta pie
. bagel with cream cheese . nuff said
never again . cold food for my wife and me . horrible service and no manager talks to me about the situation .
this place is a joke , avoid . minutes still in line first position to drop off prelabeled package . still waiting .
yep , thursday . again , tinny metallic tasting pork was definitely off . shame .
don't use the on like order ! i did and got to the restaurant and the order had not been received .
never have and never will use your service after what you did to a friend of mine you fucksticks .
the morning team works in two speeds slow and stop . food isn't good . go to dunkins .
this place might be okay for vegans . but it is not good ny pizza .
good customer service , however , pad thai chicken wasn't very good . there are much better options on the drag .
brisket is so tough ! brunswick stew is watery . so disappointed ! there's places that are way cheaper with much better quality !
extremely poor management at this venue leads to mediocre food , overloaded servers , and poor service . will not be back .
wtf ? ! i asked for an itemized bill and she got pissed off ? oh well . first time , last time !
i was sooo disappointed by their wash . i really miss the precious team , their service were much better .
terrible people work here . dare ask them to change the tv channel , or extra napkins . the place was dirty .
ordered pizza , never came , called multiple times and they never picked up . could be great food , i have no idea
not impressed . the fried calamari was mostly peppers . the drinks were expensive and skimpy .
overpriced and pretty bland . i've left disappointed each time .
unsolicited pre recorded spam call and voicemail from these guys .
worst chinese i have had in years . brown food with no flavor .
went to dinner before a movie waitress was extremely rude food was average at best will never go back again
overpriced wine and worse fish tacos ever . stay away .
jose creole ? cajun creole tex mex cuisine ? no . just , no . the ambulance removing a patron as i arrived should have been a warning .
this place uses perc . a highly toxic chemical .
cold brew was disgusting . should be called old brew because they just used used grounds to make it .
good presentation but for the price the food was not tasty . i've had better clam chowder from campbell soup .
horrible customer service . very rude and not accommodating . not neighborhood friendly at all .
service can be very slow . don't go unless you want to spend the evening there .
poor quality food and the manager was rude and dismissive . don't wastee your time of money there
i sent an email to their management telling about their poor customer service . i have yet to have a reply .
food was way over priced for way below average food . there were some unpleasant cleanliness issues . service was very slow .
their cupcakes are dry and frosting is way . too sweet . not sure what the hype is about
go elsewhere . this is the worst tv provider i've ever encountered . steer clear and explore your alternatives .
its over priced olive garden . nothing to wow about . eat someplace else unless you like lady and the tramp .
been waiting here for over minutes , buzzed the need help button at the desk and still waiting .
slooooowest wait ever . min and we're still waiting for order of drinks to be fulfilled .
i walked into the salon and saw a black female hairstylist yelling at one of the other employees !
this place is complete trash , the manager is an idiot . i will never order from this location again .
it was awful start to finish , soggy calamari , everything else was greasy and substandard .
my gyro had honey mustard instead of tsiziki sauce . fries , yuck , hard , sticking together , dark over fried .
don't let them wash your car after service . think they use sand paper ? ! ? ! my car is entirely scratched .
terrible music , dry pizza . felt like early ' s decor and vibe . would like if i was . shrug
very ordinary and unremarkable food . definitely not value for money . atmosphere is a bit dreary , unspecial .
my cousin loves loves this place because of their service freshness . in my opinion . mediocre and parking is a bitach !
update this store is closing . didnt see that coming . there was no way that this store would survive .
mediocre on a good day .
casino is bad im telling you ! tight tight tight ! sorry but just quit ripping people off vancouver
besides the replica of boston , this is totally unimpressive and involves lots of waiting in lines .
we have ordered twice . pizza and apps were undercooked and cold both times .
the menu contains references to boobs and tits . this is there sign for their restrooms it's cock and pussy .
read any other negative review and you'll know why i gave this one star .
better prices and much safer on line . will avoid office depot in the future after my experience here .
very late delivery it took almost mins ! the phone cannot be reached always been busy signals .
ordered worth of dinner . the bread is stale and the vegetables are over cooked . a forgettable experience .
extremely overpriced for the food they serve , kids pizza looked like frozen pizza , you get better from domino's
cold tacos . tortillas completely unwarmed . no ac in main dining area outdoors . great ambiance though and friendly service !
false marketing . marketing corvettes they already sold . drove hours round trip for nothing . awful .
too much sauce . i didn't taste anything other than spicy sauce . sushi rolls were lukewarm .
wont be back . rude bartender . drinks are weak . guac was mediocre . how do you fuck up guac ?
flat out awful service . doesn't matter if you have an appointment . be prepared to wait . amazingly disrespectful to customers .
so so at best . quality of service only fair . won't go back . sorry , it is convenient .
unprofessional staff and long wait times . staff very rude and redundant when asking for your information .
they can't be bothered to answer the drive through speaker . so i brought my business across the street .
great concept good location but the burgers are like steam and the fries are no my favorite item
overpriced and very poorly managed . staff are clueless and irresponsible . they lack ethics and commonsense . only interested in your .
bad experience . valet very rude . hotel screwed up our reservation . will never go back there .
just tried to use the atm . the door is not opening the card reader is not working . unacceptable .
stars for awful service in the lounge . saw servers walking in pairs and gathering at bar .
not the best but the worst . lack of customer service and the upselling is aggressive and unattractive .
pretty terrible customer service . food only so so . pass .
just found out that they are out of business here in texas . still trying to hustle the con in utah .
this place is not worth your time or money , there are hundreds of of better nail salons in the city .
this is a mans beer and liquor store and in safe for women to enter alone . be warned women shoppers .
yuppy grunge cafe . for a cup of tea not for regular folks
tried to ask a question only to have employees not even acknowledge me . too busy talking too themselves .
free wifi . smaller than most walmarts . layout needs work .
this is unfortunately a restaurant i wouldn't consider returning to . overpriced , average tasting . too bad .
it's okay . it's dark , but nothing sticks out in terms of positive feedback .
awful don't order here . terrible customer service . terrible food . . never deliver as ordered . or never deliver period !
service is terrible and food wasn't impressive either . don't expect servers to be nice to you . save your money .
so disappointed in tao asian tonight , both the food service was terrible !
food is generally great , but hostess management of queue is bad . don't try to bs customers about seating .
wasn't bad . definitely over priced . ordered a children's small and a regular small and payed . .
this location is new . less than months old and the employees already mad and have terrible customer service .
great place , great atmosphere , poor unfriendly bartenders . both patio and inside bar .
stay away if you need fromm product ! mercury was in serious retrograde for the associate that greeted me !
terrible service and incredibly bad attitude . walk a few more blocks to a better coffee shop . not worth it !
very clean but waited for food for almost an hour . the food is bland . won't be going there again .
mediocre chili . bland children's hamburger . underwhelmed . limited children's selections hamburger , turkey sandwich . no vegetarian children's options .
slow ! poor service . ordered more drinks that never arrived . food was just ok . disappointing .
closed ! went to grab a bite tonite and they were closed . double o b i guess . out of bidness
mediocre and overpriced . steak was underseasoned and overcooked . the only thing i liked was the basket of fries .
fed up the last times i've ordered delivery . they omit the chicken . what are the odds ?
if you're looking for subpar service , overpriced food and unconvincing disney princesses , this is the place for you !
these coupons are bait and switch . will not honor what is on their own website rude management . don't buy .
below average thai food . does not compare to others . i highly recommend you choose elsewhere .
too much mystical and new age nonsense . if you want feel good spirituality , then this is the place for you .
park is not opened . lots of poison ivy and mosquitoes and the current from the dam is very dangerous .
i won't recommend this restaurant . i think the price is expensive for the quality of food and service .
took over mins to get a crunchwrap and a taco . terrible service . staff was not taking things seriously
ordered the voodoo chicken . the chicken tasted like sausage ? the rice was dry as a bone ? won't be back
sadly , the food is sub par and overpriced . the restaurant is clean and nicely decorated .
did a good job on shoes but terrible customer service and only accepts cash . too unprofessional for me .
i wish i give it zero stars . insane prices meant to con you when you return your rental car .
avoid the service department at all costs . worst customer service i have experienced in a long time ! go elsewhere
. hours until they close and they only have baked items left ? what kind of bad management is that ?
overpriced ! rather go to h mart or another asian supermarket for green tea ice cream !
gave the cashier one job that was to give me white rice and he couldn't even do that right .
they demonstrate complete disregard for early am noise that disrupts a residential street every two week . absolutely terrible .
no me gusto nada , poca variedad de comida hay mejores restaurantes en la zona no lo recomiendo .
feels like a dreaded school cafeteria . sauce on meat is extra gooey . straight nasty .
everything has big mac special sauce on it . reminds me of a mcdonald's with better ingredients .
was sat at our table and waited at least minutes without service . walked out . water was good .
i was treated so rudely by an employee at this store . they ruined my violin bow and took no responsibility .
she dropped my change and closed the drive thru door . over priced , better off buying a cove in mcdonalds .
i did not like my experience here . they have a lot of product but low thc .
please do not take your vehicle to this location . it's day and i'm already having issues .
i literally came home to a beef and bread wow , the cashier totally messed up or someone . so disappointed
long wait for salty food that i could have enjoyed at a local gas station . skip it .
bartender has an attitude and not polite at all . food takes forever . this is a bad representation of jay z .
kind of absurd , we couldn't hear the bartender calling our drink order out so he kicked us out .
terrible service . waited minutes to get a salad and a sandwich from their made to order counter .
after trying this restaurant , on a friend's recommendation , i was totally disapponted in the food , service and management .
i am not sure if these guys are incompetent or dishonest . save your time and money and stay away .
took hours for food and food came cold and bland . they still made us pay full price .
the bar was beautiful enough but the staff left something to be desired . i did not feel welcome .
no prices online , no shopping ! weird !
ruined my pants by cutting them too short . moreover , i asked for an angled cuff , but they were cut straight .
if you are and or don't remember what happened yesterday , this is life's one stop shopping . otherwise i'd skip it
pastries about per piece quite pricey and sorry , i've had better in atlanta . overall , menu feels about overpriced .
nice decor and decent food presentation , however the dishes themselves don't taste to great .
i hate the new dine in menu ! all they serve now is crap for or its pathetic .
placed closed down as soon as they opened . food wasn't that good
closed on a tuesday at when your bar has people at it ? uncool .
i have used them the mortgage intrest rate was too high at the time .
trashy food . bad service . they only take cash . if i could give them a negative i would .
i choose my words carefully and diligently wasn't even the slightess exaggeration !
pizza good . service rude . won't be back and will make sure friends and colleagues know my customer experience
food was mediocre . service was ho hum . very average . don't come here if you want good food . just come to drink .
i'm honestly done with enterprise . awful people who think they are always right , pathetic and blame it on customers .
good location , room spacious , but the aircon heater very noisy ! .
food was mediocre at best and service sucked . the bread was the best part of my meal . server sucked .
thr customer service is horrible . i couldn't eat in peace without being bothered by annoying kids non stop .
sunday bruch is very overrated . eggs cold and slow service . will never go back .
i order chicago pizza and it was awful . the crust was greasy and the toppings were expired .
good food , hour wait , waiter was a total jerk . would go again with a reservation and another waiter .
worst product , worst service . never use for a special event . ever .
possibly the worst fried spring rolls i've ever had . no filling over cooked sooooo greased
decent enough for korean in boston's chinatown , but sorta dirty . i'd be scared to see the kitchen .
terrible ceasar , below average food , and simply average service . lots of pieces of gum stuck under the table as well .
really really gone down hill in the last two years or so . will not go again . food was absolutely inedible .
so disappointed ! must have been an unusually off day because the brioche buns i picked up were stale .
ehh , not so great . but ain't the worst bbq i've had either . a bit fatty for my taste .
the place is closed ! we went yesterday and the store was completely empty . super disappointed !
pizza was cold and lacking in veggies . also , spinach on spinach salad was wilted and had some questionable leaves .
they didn , t use heart to serve u . they forget u request and everything is so slow . the food is soso .
i'd rather run out of gas than give the rude owner of this place my money .
the food is simply just not tasty . it's really bland . that's the only word to describe it .
beer is wayyy to over priced . . for a pint . no thanks . i'd rather go to avery or fate brewing .
ordered items fulfilled by bumperactive on august . they've never shipped them and have not responded to emails nor voicemails .
horrible service , practically they don't care . needless to say that most of the staff is rude
do not stay here . the room was not clean . breakfast was muffins . bring your clorox wipes .
waiter took forever . tomato soup was just horrible , pad thai was horrendous . i don't know why i stuck around .
machine doesn't work it just says select credit or debit but there is nothing on the screen .
too big , min for a drink . kids , no thanks . this is suited for the person who enjoys partying in a mall
saw all the good reviews and tried it . i don't get it . nothing here stood out .
have to wear a skirt to get any help . stood around for minutes and left after being ignored .
worst kfc ever ! terrible customer service and rude employees .
tuesday , aug , am , closed , even though the sign says open at am . waste of a trip .
no better or worse than most atlanta chinese restaurants . rude service . large portions .
my dinner was cold . another dinner was too hot and tough . the sorbet was yummy . the restrooms were disgusting .
doesn't use recyclable takeout containers so i won't be ordering from them again c'mon guys , get your act together !
pizza was well overcooked , and the cookie i had was very dry and not as tasty as wished .
why is the service so bad ? gave me a bad impression of portland .
love the manager standing in close quarters talking to employees and not wearing a mask . wtf ? looking for a lawsuit ?
food service was super slow . my eggs were burnt . coffee was bitter . not happy with the place at all .
poooooor customer service ! nice location but as i mention really pooooor customer service
could ya wash the piss and puke smell outta the place ? i wonder what the kitchen is like ?
pretty bad . had a couple bites then spent the rest of the night on the verge of getting sick
very rude , terrible communication , misleading about pricing and deals , would not recommend
gave me the wrong burrito , i asked and pay for for carnitas but i got a breakfasts burrito instead .
horrible vegetarian burritos . the veggies always taste gross . it's owned by jack in the box , what did i expect ?
awful ! please save your money by not dining here ! the only thing worse than the food was the service !
good food , friendly waiters , rude night manager !
literally the worst sushi , i have ever tasted in my life . i literally feel sick . highly recommend avoiding this place .
daniel are you for real ? sounds like a paid press release to counter the bad reviews .
dr . ross's hands were very shaky . his assitant got glue on a really nice sweater and ruined it .
whatever you do dont go to the bar ! they have the most rudest and stuck up bartenders !
long lines winding through aisles . wow . lots to ask from customers time to pay for high prices .
i'm completely unimpressed by this restaurant . so many better options in the immediate area . don't believe the hype . skip , skip , skip .
so filthy . goo all over soda machines dust all over chip bags . rotten fruit . eww never again !
way overpriced with mediocre service . the taste is okay but definitely not impressive .
really rushed job . acrylic is way too thick on my nails . one whole nail of mine broke after a shower .
dave busters meets cracker barrel . bartender needs an attitude adjustment and more training .
a bar in a strip mall in florida and they don't allow shorts , seems like a bad business model
worst location ever ! horrible service and didn't even give me a receipt .
used to be a good place to get a cheap book . not worth dealing with the disrespectful employees though
he will make you to pay more and more . do not trust him . you won't see any good results .
i don't how this place stays open ! walmart has better customer service than this mcdonald's !
the wait time was longggg . friendly staff but the overall experience didn't make me want to go back
don't offer espresso drinks on the menu if you refuse to make them when the line gets backed up .
worst lox bagel of my life . not worth your money or time !
shorted my drive thru order today . judging from reviews , that seems to be a problem for this location .
terrible service . the management should be fired access lynx is undependable for pick up times . get a clue from dc
the most horrible homophobic bar in boston . don't do it ! get these homos out said by bartender
terrible customer service . i would absolutely not recommend working with these people . very unprofessional .
this place robs and steals people stuff there staff were rude and unhelpful plus more . this place is absolutely terrible .
i can't believe i fell for this . horrendous yogurt , horrendous hot fudge , horrendous service . just don't .
this deserves two stars after today . this place is the worst managed thing i've ever seen
incredibly rude and condescending sales woman at colorado horsepark .
the prices here are outrageous ! . for a bunch of kale . at new seasons ! service is slow .
the burgers are getting smaller . . for a little bacon cheeseburger , small fries , small drink today
a hair cutting place masking as a old school barber shop . no shaves ? hmmm
save your money ! the service was poor , the food was meh and the price was very high . look elsewhere .
i see they changed their name from majestic movers to pro haul moving storage . fraud and phony !
it's burger king so i don't expect much but they are always slow and the machines are constantly down .
raccoons everywhere . games don't work . doesn't except cash which is legal us tender . bring back joe's crab shack .
really difficult to work with . ran a credit report for a savings account ? confused by the whole process no communication
slow service . smaller portions the salads used to be huge . and overall just blah . done eating here .
i am a little concerned , we had a maid who came here and used my kohl's cash .
i saw a man shaving in the bathroom here . at a movie theatre !
food was decent . awful service . the waiters were rude and dismissive . took forever to get food and water refills too .
the food is rather flat and flavourless . it seems like dumbed down indian food . would not order from them again .
horrible customer service . the hostess acted like i was an inconvenience . decent pizza .
this is the worst shop , don't walk away run ! their so many better deals out their . marvin t .
does not accept restaurant . com gift certificates !
many dishes are not available at about pm , and the chicken feet are not authentic and sticky .
i don't like this bakery . i'm just not a fan of their frosting . it's very expensive too !
stale cereal isn't worth the novelty . blue star is way better much cleaner , and not near the wait .
not the best . very limited selection and prices are a little high . but hey it's right in the train station .
thank you for responding . we've already selected another unit from a different dealer .
nasty food . rude . scammers . made out of our party of sick . yuck ! avoid .
drive thru orders are always wrong . always check before you leave ! extremely disorganized .
dictated not read .
service is consistently horrible whenever i come here . food is decent but clearly customer service isn't a priority
horrendous how you treat your first nation customers . hopefully the manager who was on shift got reprimanded .
waited more than a half hour on a dish that should have already been prepared ! oxtails come on !
slices are dehydrated and stiff . i would recommend getting fresh pizza and maybe it'll be better
come well before you get hungry . one person working lunch rush . averaging one sandwich every minutes .
i went to grand opening . it was so loud andnoisy in there i couldn't stay . . drinks were way overrated .
incredibly overpriced , dry , bland desserts and unimpressive food menu . staff always seems stressed out . don't bother .
one of the worst companies ever . nice well maintained roads but horrible company policies with arrogant customer service .
had a takeout at moes , sadly i was disappointed , the service was everything looked good , but no taste . to bad .
the staff turnover , poor appointment availability , rising prices and baroque membership cancellation rules are all good reasons to steer clear .
don't bother . overpriced flavored ice . no yogurt as far as i can taste . complete waste of money .
sucks . staff who seem worn out . extreme slowness . tiny portions . lower midshelf bourbon .
we drive mins to find out the staff decided to close the restaurant over an hour early . d
hate the layout . never enough checkers
horrible food . tastes too much like flour sauces and chicken boullion broths . over processed .
kelly's is minutes away . if you're too drunk to get there this is a good choice . nutin special .
if you're craving the soggiest and greasiest burger come here . otherwise try some where else .
experienced awful service this past saturday . which makes me sad as prior to that my experiences here were good .
high pressure . very rude . very disappointing . disaster alterations .
bought my tickets online and was told it sold out at the door ! wasted money and drive .
fuck you bitch . get off my ebay account . good try . karma will get you sooner or later .
x
the worst hotel experience . just say no if they are trying to put you on the th floor .
overpriced mediocre food ! no thanks ! staff was not very friendly
owner isn't wearing a mask when serving food .
the chicken is very greasy . they forgot to add my biscuit . i would not recommend this kfc .
food below average service horrible . not much more to say here . quality of ingredients subpar . don't waste your time .
pharmacy is a joke . it's clear they hate their jobs and don't care a lick about helping their customers .
these guys should focus on quality like a zoe's or chipotle really has gone downhill
worst customer service in all of boston . go to burlington .
food wasn't good . trying too hard to be different . chicken marinade was weird , sirloin steak was just fatty roast beef .
very small choices and all fish is raw . very week english , hard to explain . would not go again and wouldn't recommend .
have a good selections of romance books , and science fiction . i'm sucker for them
overrated and expensive . it's all hype , just like voodoo donuts . save some money and go to dunkin donuts .
had the worst experience here the other night . food was great but service was terrible .
adequate service , everyone is friendly but definately wont use them again , there are better more thorough choices .
not the best service . stay away from the fountain drinks . the machine wasn't cleaned . food was very over cooked and dry .
staff is not bad , the nurses are the worst they aren't very educated in pain management .
do not send your family member here . poor , inattentive care . patients residents of health care facilities deserve compassionate , professional medical personal care .
most of the office staff and doctors are not friendly or helpful . would not recommend this office .
disappointing . disinterested staff , tasteless taquitos al pastor , no tamales , do not recommend .
great service , decent food , that said the restaurant is gross and let's not mention how gross the restrooms are .
food was and hour and half late and completely cold . the portions were a joke for the amount of money .
rudest woman in the world . hull is such a great place she doesnt belong in it ! not returning .
lost a customer to great clips what is the point of checking in online if it is not honored ?
the yelp rating isn't always right . my boyfriend and i got sick after eating their stinky tuna . be aware .
no appointments available . need to make them out months . crazy !
dingy looking apartments with very little community guidelines and it shows as soon as you enter the complex .
the pork was tough . it tasted like the cooks were just trying to finish their shift and go home .
bland . chicken over cooked . bad service . best thing i had was the san pellegrino limonata .
over priced and bad . only a few dishes are edible and the rest feed to your dog .
pretty average italian food in a place that is really showing its age .
wouldn't let in my heterosexual friend . kicked us out after collecting our cover and wouldn't refund our cover charges .
the federal is trying to be gourmet when it really is just a basic pizza joint .
not too impressed . food was average at best . very overpriced , even for buckhead . no self parking . waitress was attentive .
store manager works part time and is never there . oh and it's supposedly a training store as well ! ha !
unprofessional services . drinks are bad and food is just whatever . i guess , because it's a chain . i should've known better .
i hate this location . the wait time is ridiculous . drive thru is too slow ! i wouldn't recommend coming here .
tried this place out for takeout pizza based off the high reviews . it was mediocre at best .
skip this place and go to the harvard square goorin ! way nicer staff and helpful !
ordered food . waited an hour just for them to comeback and tell me they don't have what we ordered !
reminded me of the third world . a lot of bureaucracy and little delivery .
pancakes extremely mediocre super flat not fluffy do not recommend . the water taste like wine .
food was amazing , but not worth the supervisors attitude . unprovoked she was rude and lacked a professional disposition .
wow their food bar is crazy expensive ! i paid . for a little bit of rice and some chicken !
small . boring . dead . expensive . a bunch of dudes
i remove the oil change review because that was fix by occc and bbb thanks to them !
poor customer service . for being in a less populated area loren should work on her lack of .
forget about that one they never have room for individuals since they book large parties
do not recertify or refill aviator oxygen cylinders . did not disclose this on phone , made an unnecessary trip .
shitty service . didn't get sat for minutes no wait . no water been at table for minutes .
two flavors missing machines half way out of the candy is clumped together in sweat . nasty
ordered delivery and my roommate and i both got vicious food poisoning . definitely not worth the risk !
when food droped on table during serving , they will pick it up then put back to your dish
rude service . mediocre food . easy to forget .
went their on friday night february and the place was dark . think it is closed
worst massage i've ever had . honestly i couldn't wait for it to be over . firstworldproblems
ordered takeout once at this particular location and there were bugs in the wrap . won't be coming back
i hate this mall . it's big . but there's nothing here .
disgusting dirty restaurant ! gnats , flies and sticky tables . this place has really gone downhill . won't ever come back
they closed with zero notice terrible customer service for clients who had purchased packages of blowouts .
one too many bad experiences .
pizzas are great . drinks are not . service is worst . i've never met a bigger masshole outside of boston .
disgusting behavior ! fire the cashier dehumanizing a person for shopping with wic checks terrible
not family oriented . poor customer service . nosy employees .
styrofoam containers for ice cream . so disappointing . such a poor environmental choice . i'm never going back . ice cream was ok .
understaffed . horrible experience . the lobby is continually crammed with people and their luggage waiting to check in .
pizza was overcooked and kind of soggy . i expected better
the aesthetician was super nice , but the tighten body wrap did absolutely nothing . total waste of money .
just checked the facebook page this restaurant has closed its doors
terrifying experience cramped walkways and rooms . hard to get around and wonder if it's safe ?
poor and rude service and the food is somewhere between inedible and mediocre . beer is cold .
kabobs very dry , tough and salty . they make no apologies . if you enjoy mediterranean food , try elsewhere .
not very good counseling for gay men with hiv . more like a cult .
husband and i had stomach problems the next day after eating there .
food is good people are super rude . perfect for the customer with no self respect . enjoy !
overratted mangia , picco , or even emilo's is better
terrible customer service . amina needs a true lesson in proper customer service and how to handle customers respectfully .
weak ! too much money for not enough pizza ! flavor is mediocre . spend your hard earned dollar elsewhere .
business majors can learn a thing or two from this place . bad food okay price great location homerun
horrible service . ordered at pm , it's pm and i've been here for minutes and it's not ready yet
just drove here and they were closed . hours on yelp and website say you're open till midnight ? it's pm ?
slow . slow . slow . terrible customer service . not efficient . unless you have hours to wait for an oil change .
it's not great . it's not shit . why oh why is it so poor , when really , that's all there is ! ? ! ?
paid for a cookie that turned out to be hard as a rock and stale .
i've always wanted to write a review using one word and now i get to do it disgusting .
the store is closing after less than a year in this location . hope there's a company to replace it .
barking dogs and disgusting pet hair wafting everywhere . what's not to love , lol . gross !
i'm bringing preppy back . oh wait it never left .
bar atmosphere . slow and poor services . totally ignored and forgot one of the food order in our party .
it's taco bell . i don't expect much but a minute wait the few times i've come here are ridiculous .
the most disgusting hookah in my life . tried two times , asked to fix it , didn't help .
uo has gone the same way that br led more expensive , worse quality , less customer service . lame .
nice atmosphere , food was good , potatoe salad was awesome , sauce was ok , oveall i'd be back .
they are very small you can eat the eclair in bites . the price is very expensive for the side
the worse , and i mean the worse chicken kabob i've ever had !
went back during an osu game . still think this place is over hyped and not worth frequenting .
bbq beans . of my container was juice . turkey . rubbery and fat lines throughout . ill pass from now on .
i just watched a rat run toward the inside of the building . i got my ass out the drive through
won't eat there again . service is good , but the onion rings , chicken wings , large pizza al dry
bitter espresso barista was polite about it and offered me another cup . i didn't take him up on it .
employees have bad attitudes . terrible service . poor equipment . i would never go back .
the problem is really how they are disorganized to an extreme extent . really bad efficiency . run away from this mcdonald's
rice was cold . server was rude and had to track her down for more drinks . don't recommend
food was excellent , really enjoyed it but the service was bad with multiple mistakes on our order .
terrible service . carlos set up my directv incorrectly . had to spend hours on the phone correcting his errors . avoid .
ok food . nice gal that took order . manager owner was rude would never go back !
chaat was really stale and food overall was pretty bland . not a good experience ! especially for spice lovers .
horrible service definitely needs better service pass on this location unless you have all day to wait
beware of bad diarrhea great experience for late night ramen and all night diarrhea .
very rude staff who answers the phone . i tried to place an order , she's shouting , very disrespectful . not professional .
this place was just okay . they dont know how to make rice less rolls
got here at pm to order take out and they were closed even though it states pm closing . very dissapointing !
awful . just switched to century link . internet was immediately x faster at the price .
got stale fish once . stopped going there unless there aren't any options available as much .
horrible scheduling , poor communication between front desk and doctor . long waits .
too expensive . has alcohol in sauce . buyer beware ! makes my stomach hurt . not for kids .
the worst people on the planet . they lie , cheat and steal plus they are dim witted .
it's been over weeks since being fitted and paying for new prescription eyeglasses . they're still not here . never again .
shit's wack . can't believe it was rated reader's choice in the mercury ! nice employees , though .
crappy service and food was cold my first time ever coming to a waffle house and wasn't satisfied
i ordered lo mein and got oily noodles and vegetables . needless to say i won't be back ! yuck
the service department is very courteous about recommending service you don't really need .
room temperature fries and slow service . this is my least favorite of the cfa locations .
the worst customer service i've ever experienced . plenty of food carts in portland , no need to eat at this one .
the sign taped to the window said suspended business . the doors were locked and no one inside . july rd .
injured at this establishment . they are refusing to file an incident report . i do not recommend .
came here for the spazmatics . found cougars and bad s cover music and watery drinks .
worst noodles i've paid money for . i can't believe this place stays in business !
the wines are great but their service and especially the manager of this place are awful !
trina has moved ! please text or call her to schedule an appointment at her new location .
the place has a good location , the exterior look attractive but the reality is that the food lacks of quality .
way too expensive and very small selection of ice cream favors . cute shop , though .
difference between menu price obtained from yelp and actual price . not acceptable .
very disappointed , the golden corral in alaska's food was way better , the waitress was rude and the food was nasty
they used to be good but in recent months food quality is mediocre at best and customer service is horrendous
i wish they would have english on the list of dim sum sheet . i could have ordered more . canada ?
server sucked . she took forever with food drink and was rude . two stars bcs the food was good .
music was good food was pretty gross . don't recommend the gnocchi ! eat before you go .
long wait , overpriced , mediocre food , don't bother coming here . the guy working the register looked miserable too . very disappointing .
i'm amazed they call themself reman it is bullshit , avoid at all cost ! .
unfortunately the customer service is terrible ! the employees have no care for clients !
horrible service and they use the wrong meat for the pho and argued it's the right one
service and atmosphere are great . food is disappointingly bland and overcooked .
worse food ever . the wings were too salty and overcooked . the fries were hard . horrible experience .
we had the prosciutto board , tasted like it was days old expired . fast service though right in a hotel
lame . reminds me of a spring break . wet t shirt contests , so cheesy , i mean c'mon , we're not in cancun .
worst place to live in boston . never met such a horrible staff and management . just avoid this place .
i hate bank of america . to me they represent everything thats wrong about corporate america .
worst mcdonalds . been waiting for minutes . awful . would leave but my son is starving
overpriced , doesn't include all the menu items of free standing moe's restaurants . still delicious though !
so , so , so overrated . very cheap ingredients on fried dough is not my cup of tea .
total disappointment . food is just so so and staff not very friendly . such a let down
brutal return policy . if the merchandise isn't pristine , it's yours forever . i'll go back to rei i guess .
yuck ! the food was horrible ! but the customer service was good . i definitely won't go back .
randomly closed at with a sign on a chair in the open door . i had already parked .
in here often . work related needs . time to shop elsewhere before or after work . other best buys much friendlier and helpful .
only one thing to say about this place the cooks need to wear hairnets . this place gets real hairy .
a restaurant with very bad service attitude service attitude makes you never want to visit this restaurant again
cold food , understaffed on a saturday . tables not cleared . bartender only upside as he was apologetic and understanding .
this isn't spring water , it's purified water . be sure to check the labels on the caps . real sneaky .
if i could give zero stars i would . happy to drain pour the entire order . lesson learned
crappy airport , rude employees , constant construction , basically hell on earth ! good job folks !
shitty service , complacent staff and an indifferent management team that doesn't want to entertain these basic service concerns .
less than average even for theme park food . burgers and chicken sandwiches both dry and lifeless . fries were undercooked .
this location is closed . last day of business was friday , august , .
way overrated , the food was pretty much tasteless , including their fried chicken , which is one of the specialty menu items .
donuts were good but customer service was trash . the girl was extremely rude from the minute we walked in .
they need delivery drivers who know boston ! it shouldn't take hours for a min drive to south station !
mis diagnosed an ac problem , another shop got it right and fixed it very cheaply .
terrible service . smile . forgets your order and won't even apologize for it .
good drinks and food a little cold . ian b , the server , was incredibly rude ! never coming back again .
if you want overpriced average pizza and unfriendly service then this is the place !
closed , with a fence around it something is being built out in the space now but i couldn't tell what .
for the money , this was the worst steakhouse i , ve ever been in . expensive and pretentious high class . it's not !
waiting for super long time ! poor services ! won't come again
food was okay but severely overpriced and false advertising on menu . wife and i won't be back .
good luck having a good experience here . trust me i've tried multiple times . seriously try and tell me i'm wrong .
too fast , not thorough , a lot of hairs were still there . i'm used to so much better in actual europe .
my food was cold , service was horrible as well . don't understand what people see in this place .
terrible service . no hurry to seat you , or get your food . place is cool , not sure it's worth the wait .
great service great ambiance sadly the food was beautiful but mediocre on taste .
thanks for the bland breakfast . could improve by adding a few spices . the orange juice was delicious though .
went to baseball tavern . super loud . sticky floors . not enough bathrooms . bad beer selection .
portabello mushroom burger was fair at best .
never enough people at the register . lines take forever and the cashiers take their sweet time .
vegan coffee shop . when i asked about non nut options the server mocked my allergy . don't go here .
been here twice now and it definitely doesn't belong in boston . not worth the visit either time .
over rated maybe the best in marpole , doesn't compare with downtown players ! big fish in a very small pond .
eggs benedict with salmon was the most disgusting thing i've had this year . other things range from mediocre to alright .
go take your instagram picture and go get a better ice cream somewhere else . overrated place .
the worst cheesecake i've ever had ! it was lumpy , tasteless and all around terrible . a waste of money .
too many immature kids working at once . they take forever and the drive thru line is always long .
i really have nothing nice to say expensive , parking is hard , food is lousy , bowling is a joke .
went a few days ago , and most of the employees were not wearing masks . no sandwich is worth dying for .
the food wasn't very good . staff was friendly . wouldn't recommend the crab cakes or the french onion soup .
place sucks soooo bad . bouncers are racist , homophobic and hostile . they tried to fight a friend of mine
the pizza was salty as heck . i had two slices and had to make myself eat the nd yuck !
this deserves no stars , screw this place
thanks for mocking my voice and saying i had a girly voice . what a joke of a company
yuck not a fan of their food except the desserts . next time i'll just order dessert
the ambience and decor was beautiful . the food was bland and lifeless . but the drinks were really good .
charged for really very bad buffet . nans bread were frozen . probably worst indian food i had in my life .
bad wait list system we were skipped . boo pearl house
really salty chinese food . and if not salty , really tasteless chinese food .
food was good but they had small portions and it was way overpriced . i left still hungry .
just left this place . got a refund bc there was mold on my bread to my sandwich . be warned .
meh very inconsistent normally places get better or stay the same this place is like going on roller coaster ride
no vegan crepe options , sadly ! but when they get them , i'll be there in a heartbeat !
worst service anywhere . foods good but i will never return .
very quick but not that great . the standard milk tea boba was just alright . the ladies were very nice though
worst chinese i have had in a long time . general gau's chicken was barely edible .
espresso tastes burned . unprofessional young people serving . wanted to support local business . now i have and won't be back
terrible . i've been waiting over an hour for my shuttle . use another parking service . they've all been here times
meat markets with fake jazz and average expensive food do not excite me .
worst service ever . expensive and doesn't even taste good . would not recommend this to anyone i know .
scammers don't go to them ! horrible service and they scam you out of your money ! don't go don't go !
terrible service . my food was cold made fresh i think not ! no refill on our empty waters ! stay away !
this place is okay , if you're cuban you're not going to find anything special . and maduros fried plantains are !
poor service , food lacked in flavor , counter staff was rude and un appreciative of the business .
slow service , limited menu , but nice decor . it's your typical atlanta see and be seen joint . i'll pass .
this place has lost their taste , bathroom was gross including the pathway towards the bathroom
lazy nursing staff
lemongrass was better . same menu and pricing as previously but the portions are smaller . disappointing replacement to a great place
worst company . unreliable and will leave you stranded . won't update you when a cab won't be available . poor service area
this place sucks ! don't go the services is terrible and they don't take care of you !
food is very sub par . portions are very small . very disappointed . commercials are way better than the food .
pad thai had way too much sauce and was full of onions , which werent listed on the menu description .
worst mexican food that i have had in along time . mealy steak making for weird , nasty fajitas
not real mexican ! stay away ! no free chips and salsa . tacos suck . stay away !
worst service ever . quite a lot of attitude from people you can barely hear . disrespectful . won't be returning .
welp i decided after looking at the can and being totally frank the beer e is sloppy
worst experience ever . the manager was complete joke , rude and aggressive . i will never be back here again !
the food was not too good , service not helpful nor nice . wouldn't recommend this place .
small potions . over priced . two kids meals and an appetizer ended up costing me over bucks ! never again !
deceivers and scammers . book auto for on arrival was shown . do not contact this company ever !
employees look lost and depressed . chicken undercooked and cold . took minutes to get my food .
this is a liqour store that happens to have food and the food is no es bueno
absolute trash . even mcdonald's has better customer service than this pathetic excuse for a restaurant . gopacquiao
cvs is wayyyyyy betta kid !
it is a shame when no one follows up with these online issues . do you even care ?
who cares what the food tastes like when it takes minutes to bring a seaweed salad ?
i'm reviewing the restaurant , not the food . good dim sum iffy service . very nasty manager .
bad service , no service . can't believe there is only one in cashier and one makes drink with long line .
the food was terrible and it was cold . the ceiling tiles looked like they were full of mold .
service was horrible and we waited an ungodly long time for our food . never coming back here again
you need to invest in a proper floor manager . the hired folks look like they are left to run wild .
consistently shabby service . unfriendly staff and slow responding management . what happened to this place ?
not authentic korean at all . i had the pork bulgogi , which was frozen meat . go to min ga instead !
parking is dangerous i've seen an accident in the parking lot . tiny store no elbow room whatsoever .
not impressed with the scale . looked better on picture compared to outside .
probably the slowest service you will ever receive . coffee is just ok , not worth the wait at all .
seemed like a good price at the time . now i know why ! double charged . not impressed !
this place doesn't respect customers and the wait time for simple sandwiches took too long
looking for expired overpriced beer ? this is a place for you . only go to this place in absolute emergency .
not great . shrimp was rubbery , 'meatalls' had more bread than meat , sauces were oily . service was rude . would not recommend .
super slow . terrible service . gets the job done . barely . how do you not expect people coming in .
cash only , breakfast menu only . but no hash browns , long line . place sucks .
the obgyn department is terrible . the doctor i saw had poor bedside manner and provided subpar clinical care .
place is super expensive and unsanitary . food is also gross . i've gone twice and both times had food poisoning .
drove by it last night and it looks closed . web page is gone too .
doorman was rude . pizza was ok . the give generous fresh toppings . waitress was nice . over rated .
cold coffee . when ordered hot coffee . not recommended . after returning to complain , we got half cold coffee .
lines minutes each ? just i guy outside run like a lion to take of everybody ! no excuses
store owner rude and unprofessional . the work that was done was subpar . would recommend using anyone else .
the touch screen on the walk up atm wasn't working . fortunately the atm in the drive through was working
slow . rude . expensive . costs more than other mcdonalds ! . items are .
four stars , people ? this is why this app is useless in ohio . nobody needs bottomless pancakes .
i just witnessed one of your male waitress aggressively pushing a girl . really low guys !
bland food . cranky waiter . experience similar to asking your ex to make you dinner from a safeway kit . avoid .
disgusting . this company should be closed down . shame on all of you . karma always comes around
you strain your iced coffee through a crate ? that's absolutely disgusting unsanitary . wouldn't visit this place again .
i wish i could give zero stars for their terrible service .
overpriced , under flavored . mediocre service , mediocre atmosphere . and , to boot , way overpriced ! will not return or recommend .
the chief was just like non profession and was the worst noodle taste i have ever tried
customer service desk hours is am pm . if you need to return an item do so during those hours .
meh . beef teriyaki was good , bartenders were super hipster doofus' . typical millennials .
the food is very good . the noise level makes conversation impossible . unless you're eating alone , i'd avoid it .
great concept . great menu . great food . shit service on more than one occasion . i doubt i'll go back .
unfortunately , messed up my teeth . very nice people , but the end results were not very good .
never opened waited over an hour no one answered the phone this is why small businesses fail
yeah , these people really don't give two craps about you once you sign the dotted line . don't recommend .
i literally got my to go order bag flung at me by the person behind the counter . unacceptable !
very unprofessional salon and rude . i would recommend going somewhere else for a decent haircut .
had cup of clam chowder . wasn't impressed . there was way too much thickener in the soup broth . tasted chalky
friendly waitstaff . very kid friendly but the food not so good . i don't think i would ever go back .
they ran out of chipotle sauce and got my sister's order wrong . we love chipotle , just not this one .
the owners have a shitty attitude towards customers , the food is mediocre to say the best . very negative experience .
think they are still figuring it out . the service is very slow and poor . the menu needs better descriptions .
if you insist on having shite chinese , go right ahead . depressing .
i don't recommend using vickie chaplin . unhelpful and rude .
the taco joint in dallas blows this taco joint out of the water . tortillas tortillas tortillas .
south gym closed north gym rude when i asked what a waste of money still not getting that back worthless
rude ! terrible human skills . i'll be sure to skip them next time . they couldn't get our order right either .
worst dj i've ever had to listen to , thank god i left after minutes of nonstop bullhorns
absolutely terrible . nothing was fresh and just tasted flat out bad . employees weren't friendly either . avoid this place .
worst indo chinese fusion ever . chilli chicken had no flavor and the same with vegetable manchurian . not recommended .
the food is of poor quality and the prices have gotten through the roof . the staff is poor and need training
beware of the sizing ! much smaller than expected . ted wouldn't be cool with his name on that baby bison burger !
food okay . hour wait for said food not okay . waitress was nice .
too many instances in which we either felt rushed or disregarded . our experiences here have never been consistent .
okay a fly in my drink and a cockroach on the table . really ? need i say more
not a fan . i thought the food quality was below standard . service was good and the people were nice .
the is an indian restaurant that serves greek that doesn't resemble greek food in a way .
quinao bowl w chicken . not worth it . plain , small portion pic looks bigger , and chicken is processed .
has everyting like all home depots but bad customer service .
only sit outside . only order simple wine or simple mixed drinks . leave quickly for good food and service elsewhere .
and this is the fanci nail response in facebook . please see attached photo . smh
they don't deliver despite their listing saying they do . sick of this . every pizza place in this app does this .
burger what's the big deal . very salty . cooked to imperfection . overly fatty . imho . many better burgers at half the price .
server so rude and drinks never arrived . check overcharge and had to dispute charges with server . so bad and rude .
do not ever order from this crappy establishment . terrible service , food is crap and their delivery service is a joke .
the service was great but after two days my nails looked awful . i probably won't be back .
terrible . book one trip with them and then good luck trying to unsubscribe from their relentless emails . terrible .
rating actually . customer service sucks ! wouldn't recommend to anyone . waited hour to get my order in non busy time .
bad experience when i went . was there for an art after party for contemporary austin . rude staff , will never be back .
the food was good but over priced since the service was the worst at any restaurant i've been .
zero follow through . contacted them through yelp , they responded with a question about size of roaches , then nothing .
why is the shrimp from thailand ? and not local . that should change for such a nice restaurants
there is barely any gf options besides baby's fruit cup !
terrible food . nice people .
i didn't think it was possible , but this macy's is more sorry than gwinnett place ! at least gwinnett is organized .
tourist trap . great rooftop , but food and service suck . not the best atmosphere .
parked in their parking lot and had some tacos and they towed my car ! don't park anywhere except the street !
worst fish tacos ever . fish puffs . small onion rings . i am still hungry later . you suck .
very bad smell . bleach soap and flowers all mixed in . music was very loud and not a large drink selection .
don't stay here ! all i am going to say is , dirty blood tampon under my bed . disgusting
update my original dealership fixed it , no questions asked . don't come here . so yeah , more of a dealership issue .
the waiter was cold . tandoori rotis were burnt . meh taste .
bad customer service and bad quality food for an overpriced amount . they charge for condiments
took hours to deliver . they're calzones . come on . not to mention they were subpar
i only come here for veracruz tacos , which are amazing , because the parking here is absolutely trash .
the apple in my order was rotten today . this happens several times . no more panera !
nothing special about this place . the food was below average and the service was acceptable .
absolutely terrible service . we ended up leaving after waiting minutes , and even then a waitress never showed up .
very bad costumer service . pointless writing more stuff as it is not worth waisting any time .
this place is seriously overrated . it's just average with huge servings , but the food itself is blah .
food was meh , drinks weren't great . i feel like i went to a different resturant than the other reviewers .
my cappuccino was burnt and my friends espresso the same . not worth it .
i can sum up my two trips to this shop as follows rude unhelpful staff and horrible small wine selection .
this taco bell is no more . closed from what i see . no tb signs on the building .
i won't go back . the employees appear bored and the outcome is poor . not worth your while .
don't bother ordering online unless you want to wait longer than customers that showed up after you .
wack ! rats outside in parking lot too .
people in line , teller , standard practice . unfortunate that this seems to be a bank of america standard .
charge additional dollar if you want to change ticket . never again
terrible . don't order from here . go to sugar cane instead . sorry , this place has gone down hill .
i was deceived about a payment plan for a phone and ended up paying extra for the phone .
awful service , mediocre soups and you can't call that sushi . skip it and try something decent .
horrible service ! alissa should no longer be employed at fat tuesday's let alone anywhere else .
terribly rude customer service horrible food . stay here if you enjoy racism , classism and sexism
based on the reviews , i was expecting better . very nice staff , but the pho was far below average .
the tempura is good but they are very stingy on the dipping sauce . more sauce for take out please .
dear el chilto , please stop over cooking the eggs and burning the bacon and i'll keep coming back .
awful . awful awful service . . don't go there . you will be very disappointed . managers are mean and nasty .
canton location is now closed , i noticed today when driving through the center of town .
i paid for a sandwich that's smaller than what i can get at seven eleven for .
the food was below average . but the glub sweet was superb . would recommend the pakora too .
i haven't even gotten to taste the food . been sitting here for minutes and counting . absolutely absurd .
repeatedly drifting to and lingering on unapproved areas should be a cardinal sin .
steak was too salty , ribs were not seasoned properly and honestly the quality of the meat is ver low .
i wanted to like you , i really did . your lort soup with shrimp gave me food poisoning .
worst manicure ever ! got shellac nails done and they are completely chipped within a couple days ! never again .
customer services is the worst . trying to return an unopened item and they literally stopped replying to me .
worst pedicure ever . guess i didn't get marcia . edges still sharp , didnt' clean underneath . very expensive too .
worst experience ever . double charged , forced to change tables , terrible service ! never ever going back .
expensive , long wait time but tastes okay . probably won't go back unless no other options are available
i should have known better . no koreans eating at a korean restaurant . ive found the worst yukgajang ever !
didn't like anytbing they served food was very formulated for japanese korean restaurant t . i will never be back there again
great location , not so great barbers . couldn't do a fade and barely cut any hair . keep looking .
not really sure what's going on here . felt like a spinoff of chotchkie's in office space .
absolutely the worst . the manger elias needs to be gone ! pharmacy line is ridiculous
a bar that is ok , yeah , i wish that they had more plants .
golf course is in terrible shape . will take a year or more to get it back to playable conditions .
they have good food but lost my business due to their recent price hikes . not worth the extra money
restaurant smells like dirty mop . i would never eat in there again . manager was rude and unaccommodating . avoid this store !
good beer , good atmosphere . awful food worst apps . m w chicken tenders , globes of cheese on nachos . you can find better
medford public library is better winchester sucks medford is awsome . i would give stars if i could
i won't be going back here any time soon . wasn't worth the bucks !
this is one of the nastiest restaurants ever . the food has absolutely no taste . the egg rolls were ok
terrible service driver smelled car was falling apart necer use again . and driver couldn't speak english hello do not use .
decent chowder . beer selection is nothing much . onion rings were bland . burger average at best . atmosphere was good .
one person for a huge lineup , they know how many ppl are here for cars . yet here they are
super long delivery time . food tasted ok but oily and salty .
the absolute worst customer service experience in my entire life . what a smelly dump !
ordered on uber eats and found an insect in my fish taco . i was incredibly disgusted and disappointed .
very over hipped . food was lukewarm and not very good . good portions if you are a college student .
taking forever to get the food . it's been hours and it still isn't here yet .
the most rude staff i ever experienced . they were so unorganized and disrespectful !
food poisoning at breakfast for my children . can't get much worse than puking throughout animal kingdom and all night long .
my least favorite meal at disney . the food was cafeteria quality , way overpriced . i also expected more from the characters .
they do a great job selling and installing but overwhelming they are no show and no call with service appointments .
not good . terrible customer service . rude and not nice . never felt the need to yelp before .
avoid . sticky floor , slow service , cold food , grimy glasses . management needs to give this place attention .
it's sad when the dining experience is ruined by such poor service when the food was excellent .
it was just ok . better italian restaurants on sandlake rd . bravo or peperinchino at the dellagio plaza .
i actually got poisoned by their food last saturday , feb th !
this is just okay . idk have much good to say been here times . it's okay food don't love it .
over priced bland food . better off buying catfish from the store and frying it yourself .
horrible service , all around horrible service , do not buy the groupon for this place , not worth it !
if you want an integrative approach and progressive individualised care , for your animal , then look elsewhere .
remove the asian guy with lipstick , it's just plain creepy . also the volume at this starbucks is too high .
bad , the services was really poor , and the doctor was rude and take like minutes to be with us .
refuses to do any notary for gun trust . saying he does nothing involving guns
actually not worth a star . no gas , attendant a zombie , messy bathroom , no toilet tissue . avoid .
horrible and dirty . weird music rude staff
a last resort ! awful attitude , cryptic communication and high cost . if you can find an alternative . take it !
boycott united airlines , two year old , should not be kicked off of flight for not wearing masks .
bad smell , bad service , food was regular pub food , washrooms were not clean . disappointing experience overall
worst pedicure ever . visiting from out of town . will not return . multiple nicks and poor technique . in a hurry .
very over priced for the final product , no sharp creases and they charge for no hem trouser alteration , ridiculous
filet o fish was terrible and spoiled making me feel ill . never consistent at this location .
waitress was rude . the chicken was greasy and portions skimpy for the price . waste of time and money !
overdraft fees should not be charged when there are more than sufficient funds in linked accounts .
the staff was very rude and were coughing over everything . the cookies were okay but not worth the service
mediocre food service . at every location in town . better options available .
absolutely the worst customer service i have ever experienced , especially for deliveries !
cheap and nasty over sized portions of not so good for you food . however , the wait staff were excellent .
really quite awful ! terrible service , slow food , didn't get our appetizers . such a disappointment .
there is nothing vegan in this restaurant yet it continues to be listed in the yelp vegan list . very misleading !
wrong address and wrong number a complete dump ! i wish i could give negative stars . get your shit together !
don't come here if you're black ! they are racist . they as in the bouncers . my waiter was nice .
some of the worst customer service i have ever experienced . save yourself the trouble and go elsewhere .
the apple store at polaris a great reason to never buy apple products .
found food average , staff unfriendly if you are not a regular . overall below average .
they managed to lose my reservation , twice . the front desk refused to call a cab for me
pancakes were dry and flavorless . bacon was thin and dry . just overall bad . not worth the money .
pho was bland . not the same as the mlk version of this place really disappointed .
i can't speak for anything but their coffee and i recommend making a pass on ordering it .
extremely rude and disrespectful doctor nurse . will never be going back . very unprofessional here .
terrible service . the food was clearly under a lamp and was not even warm when finally brought . avoid if possible .
very meh . not the worst but certainly not then best . staff was nice but not overly friendly . will not return .
bus number was driving very aggressively and refused to allow merging traffic on to i . extremely dangerous .
over priced . . for a simple ham egg and cheese sandwich . customer service needs work .
incredibly long waits . seems like it's a bunch of high schoolers without a ton of leadership .
a haiku review of thirsty lion typical sports bar . this place just seems off to me . doubtful return here .
you can skip . bumpy , awkward . full of overzealous teenagers who've never driven a car before .
wish i could give it zero star ! the most horrible apartment complex you can live in ! they are very fraudulent !
terrible service , offers no solutions when booked . hopefully things change as i would like to see this place do well .
delivery was a half hour late and it was sitting under hot soup which turned my salmon sour and disgusting .
i did not feel good after eating this soup .
great drinks , friendly bartenders . horrible bathrooms for the ladies . unkept , doors don't lock . just nasty
very poor quality and extremely spicy food . my friend and i both ended up feeling sick after eating here .
hot , sweaty , unfriendly , slow service , inauthentic . should i go on ? save your time and go somewhere else . get it together kittys .
i am redoing my review as dennis from atlantis plaster did finally finish the fire pit and it looks good .
horrible all the way around ! never again ! called no one would help me ! awful mother's day delivery !
breakfast only , cash only , min wait ! those were the exact words from the drive thru . . will not return
toppings go on top you bastards . what are you doing to my ice cream ! ?
blah , boring and too much money for flavorless and huge chunks of fat with little meat .
food is just not great .
overrated local diner . avoid if you want a good meal . nothing special or homemade . just cook at home
worst hotel experience in my life very rude staff and not a very good stay . will not recommend to anyone .
terrible place . they were over hour late to my scheduled appt and no apology etc . every unprofessional staff .
rude staff . really unhelpful . no wi fi . no extra toiletries . night manager chris is too good for the guests .
incredibly slow service , waitress confused orders . did not service table for over minutes . entire restaurant was dirty . complete disappointment .
this place was colossal waste of money . i don't understand its appeal . it also smelled bad .
everything on the menu sounded fabulous . however , all of the items ordered were average at best .
the management suck , the servers omg this is the worst thing here . very awful this place
terrible service , food is all cold or just empty . kitchen wasn't even hot or in progress . left promptly !
awful . never paid out once with people . not even . cents . nobody looked happy . miserable
flavorless . period . and they filled my bowl with so much rice and hardly any chicken and vegetables .
the drinks suck , the food sucks , the service sucks . it's literally just a cool building with a great view .
sadly , the burritos lack flavor . i've been twice and really wanted it to work out but would rather go elsewhere .
bad experience with the food , slow service but the waiter was very understanding at checkout . nothing seemed authentic
good coffee . empanadas are super oily though . like you can squeeze it out and watch it drip like a faucet .
don't even bother . waitresses doesn't care about customers . only one person working . sux
worst delivery driver ever ! planning on letting everyone know this . do not order here !
over priced and too many menu items leave you dazed while you order over priced drinks .
decent scene , but could find better sushi at a . for truly fresh fish and well prepared sushi , look elsewhere .
may just be the slowest smoothie king location in existence . that's with people behind the counter .
disgusting . overflowing bins of greasy food waste attract vermin . the health department cant shut this location down fast enough .
the gelato seemed like it was just freezer burned ice cream . i don't have any desire to return .
my mocha was way too bitter and the cafe was way too crowded .
it's a bowling alley that has rude workers , dirty atmosphere and a scoring system from .
service seemed snobby . pizza slice not great for size , price , quality .
another unimpressive tourist trap . while the cuisine and decor are creative and funky , nothing on the menu was truly memorable .
why all the sudden . for chips salsa ? usually complimentary . bad form verde's
s l o w service every time i have gone there . drive thru or inside . foods as to be expected from wendy's .
pizza was terrible and the service was slow and bad . there is only like items on hole menu .
beware . they thought this acceptable to install . more than a month later still no resolution .
take out , and find out the meat is not fresh , threw the whole meal , won't go there any more .
the loft is boring a total waste of time and money . pay a little more and go to trapeze
be really carefull about using this company , they will steal from you , crooks !
awful experience . we loved the old owners but this place is not the same . we never come back
bed bugs the second we pulled back the sheets ! and that was not a non smoking room smelled horrible
the food quality taste has deteriorated immensely . everything was bland . the dal tasted nothing but turmeric .
shitty , shitty coffee . ordered a mocha , but it tasted like chared toast not sweet , not coffee , just char .
alfa romeo make a beautiful car , too bad the service is awful and the reliability worse .
the chicken shawarma had alot more potatoes than chicken . it was disappointing . the lamb platter was decent
slow service , multiple apologies , mediocre food , paper thin bacon . you can find better .
no longer at the location . this i was just informed after driving over here . thanks for not updating yelp .
not a good place . food isn't fresh at all . i almost threw all the food after bites .
trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash needs to be permanently closed smh
food is ok . love the interior tho . great music and the drinks are so so .
seriously ? burger king has reviews ? and somebody actually gave them stars because of their coke machine . god help us .
overrated and expensive . i don't care if the flavors are different everyday . go to voodoo and save money .
crappiest . service . ever food took over an hour , beer was flat , and bartenders barely paid attention
always busy even in early afternoon of a week day . servers could use a course on good customer service .
asthmatics beware they smoke inside here . instant attack . could not deal
got these wings . wow ! looks like someone dipped it in coal
it isn't the same as the metrotown location . plus there's no water and the choco lava cake was burnt !
the place is closed ! ' need to update site walked around looking ugh help
for oz drip coffee ? really ? i'm sorry this is ridiculous .
while we ate dinner , one of the waitresses was brushing her hair behind the bar . yuck !
months later i didn't received any e mail , phone call , smoke sign , nothing .
boring burger . bland and not exciting in any way . good fries . average chocolate shake . not anywhere close to worth . .
terrible service . waitress messed up all checks and half of the food . plenty of other great restaurants in austin .
i ordered the tandoori chicken . the meat did not taste fresh . the service was ok . i won't return .
so so experience . service was quite slow , and the food left something to be desired .
soooooooooooo slooooooow . they have cooks in the kitchen . but orders took a long time to get done
love the apartment and having the stores around me just hoping that the criminal activity has been cleared up
bad coffee , especially considering that it has a major espresso brandname as the storename . this place makes starbucks high class unfortunately .
the beer selection was good . the entire place was a little dark and unstructured though , not a lot going on .
obscenely expensive . they don't give you a bill . you find out later in the mail . never again .
call an exterminator . seriously . there should not be insects in the hotel rooms . that's just disgusting .
food is great ! service is terrible ! extremely slow and orders were incorrect . slow ! slow ! slow !
rediciolus prices . they won't even do touch ups for people who have had previous treatment .
might be good but seems like that don't have anything but plain in stock . disappointing .
it's wondering if you get to eat , it's the heat . it's indirect , indiscrete , inconsistent , incomplete
absurdly large desserts that didn't even taste good . what a waste of food and money .
nothing special basic to average seafood dishes . skip the shrimp cocktail .
extremely overpriced for dry cleaning . for pieces is just ridiculous . i will not be returning to this location .
dr . cain misdiagnosed my child and caused a great deal of damage .
str bad . cultural appropriation . the hot sour soup was just sweet . it's garbage for middle america .
the kid with the brush only half of the front bumper . the rest of the wash was just ok .
when your bar is closed for a private party you should not advertise live music for the public .
worst excuse for a breakfast taco i have ever seen in my life ! and the staff are very rude !
the food is over priced , and not good at all . the games were fun , which pretty much saved the evening .
ate there last night . steak and veggies all over cooked ! not edible ! wouldn't eat there ever ,
ai ya invasion of the westsiders in little black dresses
frozen beef balls , slow service , lukewarm broth , crappy noodles . star for being hours .
awful customer service , they sign you up for things without allowing you to confirm and staff is very unprofessional .
terrible ! just terrible service . minutes to get food and then they forget half the order .
gross is all i can say , nasty burgers with cheap tasting grilled garlic and cheese . worst place ever .
greatest burger we've had since moving to the area . but both my husband and myself are now suffering from food poisoning !
horrible food . everything way over salted . customer service crappy . even the manager lacks good service .
i spent for an apple pie apple and they give me a new york cheesecake apple ! a holes !
food is ok , but they are very unorganized need more cashiers and a better system for drive in and call in customers .
rooms and people are nice . there are significant opportunities for improvement with service in bar and restaurant .
our subdivision has made a conscious effort to discontinue service with allegiance .
bad service ! rude and expensive and didn't get stain out of shirt . i do not recommend .
worst customer service ive ever encountered . the staff including manager are arrogant and rude .
so i sent them an email regarding their broken dryers and they have still failed to contact me . never again .
passports is no more . this restaurant in the d concourse is closed .
terrible service . irritated to be asked a question . refused to look up products . won't go back .
decent drive through . terrible food quality . don't order a mcflurry unless you like paying . for half of a large .
horrible service weird vibes . creepy bartender
it took over hours for my order to be delivered . sadly it's the only late night option in waltham
worst pizza ever . canned mushrooms , sausage tasted like a cut up hot dog . really terrible .
membership miraculously terminated when i sent a letter threatening to sue . just saying .
decent selection of items , but the staff today didn't seem interested in customer service .
a hideous statue that is one of the worse if not the worst memorials in boston .
this is not pizza . this is soft , nasty dough , heaped with wilted ingredients . avoid at all costs .
got charged a . fee from third party toll administrator platepass hertz tolls , a total rip off .
everything is crazy overpriced the parking is a nightmare and the new name is really dumb .
if you like terrible service , come here to get your coffee . with their watered down cold brew . smh
worst car wash ever . not worth the penny you spend . will be taking my business else where
owner was very condescending . food was mediocre . bartender eugene was the only nice thing about this place .
absolutely tasteless . i stopped there last friday night for take out . now i know why its called cathy pathetic .
slow and overpriced for the quality and quantity of food . if you go at lunch time be ready to wait
there are no sales clerks to help you in the store at all unless you want jewelry or perfume .
employees are very nice burger is burnt charcoal regardless of what you order and the service is a circuit
the food was actually pretty good , but the server was rude and very passive aggressive . never coming back again .
had a job for him to bid . called and talked to orville . he took my numbers but never called back
worst service ever . the bartender is a pretentious asshole . don't go here . it's a waste of time
our food was good but the service was bad . doubt i'll be back anytime soon .
i came here and ordered my chai latte and it wasn't made properly and i haven't been back since .
nice coffee shop but the coffee itself tasted really bad ! i will not return ! service for me was mediocre !
if u like big meatballs ok help sucks . drinks expensive owner soft as the hamburger
not sure what the hype is here . they're really just pretty donuts , that's about it .
average food . the employee i dealt with was a jerk . simply not worth the .
nothing special about this place pho is very sweet and oily the pho inside is much better .
food was made incorrectly when i asked for a refund manager faulted me and did not refund .
ordered a taco pizza . was not a fan at all . more like a straight up black olive pizza !
cheap and tasted like it . fast food version of greek dishes . sandwiches were okay but sides salad , tabouleh were lousy .
service was bad . there were barely any people there and it took forever . food was ok
rude crew , old coffee lack of brown sugar bad experience it's a no go .
bad customer service . the place is filthy and small . people constantly bump into each other . the weight room is horrible .
parmesan bites is not stuffed cheesy bread .
the potstickers were the only edible item we found . the place was rundown and very lacking .
egregiously overpriced for low quality food .
okay place . on the expensive side . only go when we have company otherwise i can make better at hone .
tiny tiny rooms , very old rooms not much updating . service is friendly . right downtown .
for all the hype it's given , thinking cup's coffee quality was pretty disappointing .
broken front door for months ! dirty and unsafe . would definitely not recommended . management is completely uncaring .
this ply was sooooo nasty ! snot all over the blinds and flys at the booth . i'll never go back
definately off the beaten path , bar service is slow and inattentive . lunch food was good though
food poisoning from this place . would not recommend . was the first time ever having donatos and will be the last .
completely over priced food that isn't very good . wine for days but the food quality and pricing needs adjusted .
i would not recommend this company if you want to have your items returned to you in good condition .
o customer service , claim to be puertorrican style but not near to be , expensive and bland !
used to like this place until today , i got chicken tenders and it's raw in the middle .
extremely slow service , mediocre food quality , pretended good settings with average music taste . unimpressed .
closed . will be replaced by tavern in the square !
the linguine i ordered was half cooked and extremely salty . not worthy the hour waiting .
typical mexican . a muddle of flavors with beans and rice on a plate . pretty cheap though .
stay away . don't use . rude , unreliable and sketchy as hell .
overcharged , super rude , no apology or refund of extra charge .
over thirty minutes to get two burritos to go . ridiculous . not even that busy inside , six tables .
i have come to conclude that all steak and shake restaurants are the worst steak and shake restaurants .
meh . a bit grimy , or something . lacked spunk and a clean bathroom .
this place was horrible . the food took forever to come out and was extremely bland . i would have rather eaten chipotle .
dark , crowded , overpriced , gruff and inattentive service staff , no liquor , just expensive local beer in a parking garage .
bought mothers day flowers online . they were actually tiny rose plants . they were dead two days after arrival .
expensive buffet with less choice , service and location is good , plus taxes for buffet .
arrived min after they were supposed to open . no one bothered to show up for work i guess .
not a pleasant gal on the phone so will not use this company in the future . customer service is important .
the late night happy hour cocktails are crap ! the dessert was pre made and refrigerated .
hot and stuffy . definitely need to turn the a c down . eggs and bacon were undercooked . not a good choice
i feel as if i have been anally raped . for a while with no lube asshats .
worse pace ever , poor taste of the food terrible service , don't spent any penny on this place .
worst hardware store imaginable . employees completely unknowledgeable and unhelpful . bad layout . enigmatic inventory .
not impressed one bit ! food or service strega prime , capital grill , abe louie's , ruth chris , times better !
horrible service . meal was cold . reverse discrimination because we aren't gay ? great deck but this place isn't for straight couples .
condescending , manipulative , and extremely rude . i will never do business with then again and cannot recommend them to anyone .
avoid . gas prices per gallon . go down street for . . this place is taking advantage of tourists .
rice was hard and hurt my teeth . my friend had stomach problems at end of night . not a good experience .
this bar sucks . the servers and the owner are incredibly rude . i'm never going back .
looked good . tasted bad . i'll stick to paying more , eating better .
the service is completely sucks . waiting for minutes at front , no one come to take the order .
food fail ! well pour drinks . nice ambiance . how they let this leave the kitchen speaks for itself .
absolutely the worst service of any restaurant in america . i'd would rather eat cold dog shit off the ground .
been sick multiple times after eating pizza from this place . also , ridiculously overpriced . i recommend you go elsewhere .
very small portions and average service . i would not return .
wish i'd read the reviews first . they did show up but really slow work , overcharged for parts .
the taste is just ok . and they basically only serve baby size plate .
mediocre food . slow as christmas service . good location . funky old austin ambiance .
they charge . for non dairy creamer in drip coffee . no thanks , there are plenty of coffee options .
went back . the fried pickles were fantastic . otherwise , eh not impressed . we won't go back
really boring and overfried falafel . tiny amount of hummus , poor service . better choices out there .
slowest fast food place in history . minutes to get two breakfast sandwiches , inside ? yeah , no .
want to pay dollars for a bottle of corona light ? then go here . talk about robbery !
i'm sorry but wtf ! second picture is what i asked for , very simple , she said ok no problem .
mediocre food . suspiciously funky sushi . delivery takes forever
this review is fake . this place is horrible . they need updates bradley . everything kept breaking
don't bother ! restaurant had people in it and they turned us away to order breakfast sandwiches .
uptight staff , coke with insufficient syrup , other than it's location , i find nothing truly good about this place .
porter square books supports censorship . silence anyone they disagree with . book burning is next .
slipped on a piece of pizza at my nephew noah's birthday party smacked my head on the damned stage .
rip off ! to soak off shellac and file down nails . plus it's dirty . don't go .
i plaza fiesta the have great food and great people and great eye doctor . optica familiar
ordered greek salad last night woke up in middle of night vomiting . nasty stomach flu
ugh horrible lines and useless staff . upgrading phone online instead .
avoid hollister . the pretty offices don't make up for their downsides .
this is food for the brain , not for the palette . intellectually stimulating , not sensual .
how hard is it to put fucking sauce packs in a bag when someone pays extra for them ?
i'm pretty sure the crispy chicken in hot garlic sauce caused me to get food poisoning recently . bleh .
literally only good thing is price service was inexcusably bad moscow mule was so sweet and tacos were bland
horrible coffee . tastes like melted plastic , probably because of the lid they use . would not recommend .
worst online purchase i've ever experienced . try amazon , ebay or just about anyone else instead .
standard sandwich you can make at home bread not always fresh . they do have one of the best tuna sandwich !
quick and efficient washing service . poor quality of vacuums , they all need some repairs .
horrible front desk at dentist office , she was on her phone the whole time i was there
i was very disappointed that they toasted my italian sub without me asking . i like my cold subs cold !
icky . no ! i like a place that tastes fresher and has fresher seeming ingredients .
the racist service and response from the owners was disheartening .
very expensive , but more importantly all of our steaks were overcooked . you are better off going to outback .
worst seats ever . their preview for amc shows nice big red leather reclining seats . not here !
despite bad reviews on yelp i went and ordered taco salad . it was disgusting . don't waste your money here
overpriced and not great tasting . service was ok but there are much better options for seafood out there .
simply the worst with rats and mouse droppings all throughout the property disgusting and dirty you have been warned
got home with my food , no soy sauce no silverware no napkins not even a fortune cookie this place sucks
it is not a chinese restaurant ! food is catered to the western style . don't be fooled by the name
honestly horrible service . it's almost like they would rather have an empty restaurant than seat people . very inefficient wait staff .
horrible ! rats everywhere ! moved seats and there were even more ! called but did not seem to be bother by it !
the worst zara store ever i have visited , and believe you don't need christin help in store
hi my name is marsh . i'm very disappointed at your products . i did not have funi need a refund
due to indifferent , slow service and surly wait staff , i will not return to little saigon .
horrible , pretty much all i can say . wait , horrible with a bad attitude a d incompetence . yeah . that's it .
bought a small chococlate and coffee cake for snack . both cakes were dry and tasted just pure sugar .
terrible slow bar service . nearly missed our reservation at another restaurant because we couldn't get the check .
time was the customer was always right , here evidently the customer never is .
worst customer service , avoid at all costs . careless and rude staff . never coming back !
don't go for the food . drinks and view are ok . management was nice apologizing though . place could be so great .
why the marginal health dept . score ? too bad . this was a great place .
please never refer attorney jonathon white to any other grieving families ! lies , excuses , incompetence , unprofessional , overcharges , he sucks
do not rent from this company ! they have many many complaints .
very disappointed . the breakfast sandwich was mediocre at best .
less than mediocre food . dont order the queso . its a velveta insult to austin . location is the only positive point .
this is permanently closed . hope they could update the yelp info . we came here starving , and left starving . rip
food is basic . gave it a few tries with friends but flavor always falls flat . not worth the money .
horrible service . they are slow . cold food . cannot follow simple directions . the food quality is horrible and inconsistent .
i guess i was a little too blunt ?
q do any of the employees give a rat's ass ? a nope .
customer service poor . all you can eat shrimp not recommended . min wait time between shrimp deliveries .
bland food , especially the greasy bland lamb shank . rude customer service , horrible parking .
brisket was disappointing . of us had brisket . i think they are a victim of their own success
the most disrespectful and incompetent group of people i've ever encountered . just the absolute worst . go anywhere else .
worst poke bowl i've ever had . no veggies or anything just rice and meat that were average at best .
i had mac n chess . my husband had wing and got stomach upset after . dessert not recommended .
just ok . nothing is bad , but nothing stands out . small plates of standard taste .
ambience and decor are nice . food is below average . semi soggy tempura . over cooked filet mignon . average service .
billing issues , resolved in the meantime but still pretty expensive and they always try to make you pay more .
it tasted like school pizza , not the good kind . so sad . the cheese fries were good though .
they treat their guest like crap . people who identify themselves as masochist should definitely check this place out .
seafood was poorly cooked and was way too overpriced for the quality of seafood . definitely won't be going back .
this place is shit seriously dont come awful service mediocre food . don't waste your time
bland , greasy , overcooked and mushy sides . dry , tasteless , greasy meats . avoid .
cheap . quick . and lousy . the people here don't have manners . but what do you expect . go to wai wai
very insensitive company to do business with . they do not care or respect military veterans with disabilities .
over priced . they test for everything with a simple problem making a simple bill hundreds of dollars .
reasonable prices and mediocre quality . tiramisu was old and dry , the worst i have ever had .
the orange chipolte taco was yummy , the rest subpar . the chips were stale and flavorless .
only accepts cash and doesn't like you bringing your starbucks
they just ruined my expensive dress . the worst alteration job ever . very dissapointed .
awful pizza . went here last night after a few drinks . pizza is rubbery and tasteless . gitto's is better .
over priced sloppy food . total waste of money . i'd rather stay home and open a jar of ragu .
called and pre ordered sushi at pm , they said i have to wait until pm to pick up sushi . really unacceptable .
this is probably the worse corn i've ever had . the butter , and mayo melted in like minuets
the people who answer the phones all seem like it is their first day they know nothing .
mediocre food , indifferent staff , restaurant not particularly clean . go next door to burger king for better food at lower prices .
the food is ok there , but be careful because they will force tips on the bill without asking .
must have changed management again ! horrible service and horrible food ! never going back !
i've called twice and waited for a ringing phone to speak to the service department and no one answered .
overpriced , and make sure you check the expiration dates especially on the imported stuff . yuck .
definitely not even close to being worth what they charge you nicer dinners had elsewhere for less .
literally didn't order food cause the server was very short and abrupt and made us feel like we weren't welcome .
when you average out calories to taste , it doesn't add up . big in size and price .
horrible job nails were uneven , too long still , and not very friendly . will not go again or recomend
they sell discounts on websites like living social but you buy and show up and they are full
very disappointing . sub par and overpriced food , some delivered cold . felt like a total waste of money !
ok falafel and baba ganoush sandwiches . i've had better , but it's pita pit , so it's kind of expected .
such miserable people working the counter . it shows in the product they make . and the sandwiches are so over priced .
car is alright customer service was pretty bad and rude especially dylan . respect and treat your customers better thank you .
the line is always long b c they only have maybe registers open . extremely over priced !
two short black hairs in my mediterranean breakfast . wasted . enough said .
had lunch today . rice was crunchy . beef lunch did not taste right .
the cashier attendants laughed when i asked for jelly and the male said to me thats weird
presentation was nice , but taste was nothing to get excited over . probably will not make the effort to go back .
don't order food , microwaved , soggy waffles , really bad . but really good strong ice tea .
a steak served with a butter knife . overpriced , overcrowded , don't waste your time
the bartenders are rude and unprofessional . the level of service displayed definitely warrents a visit from the health department .
went during dinner hour , earplugs required . small children running around and very slow service . but i did like the food .
truly wretched food , as a long time patron i can no longer recommend this pub .
thank you god i'm done with this burden i really pray that they go out of business . amen
a handful of ice cream flavors , difficult to read chalkboard menus , and snotty staff . once was enough .
crappy staff and they always forget half of your order . but hey it's mcdonald's . you shouldn't be going anyways
can i have rhodes bakery without a side of attitude ? i will only be back for the petit fours !
meh . nothing really special here , and the service was ho hum . no need to go back for me .
ate her a year ago . it was great ! tonight . beer was hot food was really cold ! won't be back !
old fashion decor like chinese restaurent years ago . foods are below par .
they have the worst customer service . the manager has ruined dominos for me . we will not be coming back !
good food , small portions , horrible service the waitress put my to go order on the floor !
i walked in . i took one look at the mess all over the floor , then turned around and left . yuck .
i saw iron maiden in concert in miami last week . this place was louder . no , seriously . decent eats , tho .
dude , this place is closed down . esta cerrado ! not opened . only the dead frequent this place .
emailed dealer for more info on a car . email totally ignored . no response .
very nice facility , extremely busy , slow service . great location in the heart of the carnival area .
good karaoke selection but that's the only redeeming quality . cliquey customers , lackadasical bartenders , smelly and divey .
ordered pickup waited minutes after expected ready time to finally get a stone cold dinner . thanks .
marc b . give it up . tell your service manager to train his service advisors . pathetic response .
tried to go to this store with mins til closing and they had already closed shop . kinda bummed
visiting from out of town . website says open and they were painting when we arrived . horrible customer service
got an awful bacterial conjunctivitis from this filthy shop . they don't even wash their hands between clients
had an appointment scheduled with dennis the owner . he never showed up and did not return my calls or texts .
credit card minimum . not very convenient for a convenience store ! especially considering the laundromat next door is card only p
do not get readings done by kay on sundays . it was such a waste of time and money .
sport times , bikini babes , burgers . burgers taste like shit . ooga ooga , unga unga doctor like go here converse with vulgate
don't land at the south terminal . waiting an hour for a shuttle to main terminal and rental cars
overpriced and greasy . hipster ville for the boulder set , but the food was entirely disappointing .
all the managers that are supposed represent this company customer service is horrible
i just saw a mouse in my room ! everything else is pretty much the same . please go to another hotel .
a breakfast place in the south that doesn't have grits in the menu ? wow . talk about not understanding your market .
food is not good and the service is horrible . or shall i say there were no service at all .
horrible service ! bartender was more concerned about clocking out than taking my order . first and last time i go there .
extremely rude service , cash only , and overcooked pasta . need i say more
the workers need to be trained to work faster . slowest starbucks line ever . people make it halfway then bail .
how can you burn chicken fingers into hard chips ? just awful ! i spend too much money to be eating coal .
pretty yuck , even for cheap mexican food . carnitas were dry and crunchy .
terrible business they always rip you off here don't go to this place
great atmosphere and location . but shit service ! the food was ok but the staff treat you like crap
change your hours on your pages please . just came in and they are closed . super bummed
i have now been on hold for minutes , calling to cancel an appointment for tomorrow . this clinic sucks !
our waitress was very rude . the beer was good , but cannot forgive rude service , will not be back
the worst human beings in this planet work at this place . i wish i could give them negative stars !
service was efficient . mechanics were nice . management was deceptive .
service really sucks here . food is just ok . not sure what the hype is all about .
not impressed . maybe it was late in the day but the brisket was forgettable . not worth the price i paid .
this is not worth the xl price . you don't notice any difference other than more people in the theatre .
really expensive for the quality and quantity . kinda bummed for what we got and how much we spent .
does not honor expired specials after conflicting schedules . not enough ink used , still had to use eye makeup .
the food is okay but not worth the unwelcoming and unhelpful service attitude at the order counter
snobby hostesses to begin . sub par sushi to begin eating . average tappas . fair deserts . go somewhere else . you're in atlanta .
owner needs to put some into updating maintenance . very disappointing property compared to other embassy suites .
the good chef definitely left . huge drop in quality . can't say i'd come back . no shanghai love .
wings are tiny and the customer service is horrible . my last resort if american deli is closed .
slow service , especially for an airport restaurant . food was okay , nothing speial .
overpriced italian food . sauce did not taste original but from the can in the supermarket . unremarkable
always an issue with something or other . pita machine not working , portions getting skimpy .
does anyone frm corporate look at these terrible reviews .
overpriced . food is very very average . faded pictures on the wall give it the classic dive look .
worst service , worst food avoid the cheeseburger and zero ambience . never again , no matter how full the cambie is !
sadly , the place discriminates against men . i can't join .
no show . no communication after many attempts through email and phone calls texts .
uck ! no good . don't waste your time on this place . worst enemies go here and not going back . food sux !
harried staff on a friday night . veggie burger greasy . fries just ok . not worth bucks or the stress .
underwhelming . this price point is relatively high , portions are small , and the food quality is below average .
unfortunately , we did not have a great experience for so many reasons . i wouldn't recommend them .
food was good , but service was poor . this place was better a couple years ago .
ribs were too dry and the sides were okay . try fat matt's !
probably my worst rental experience . understaffed and not friendly . will not consider renting from here
very unprofessional . customer service was terrible . quality of work was very poor .
this place made me laugh . it ought to be a tell tale sign when your sushi is .
worst place . do not go here to fix your screen . screen cracks without even dropping your phone !
the service is ridiculously slow . wouldn't have came if i knew it would take this long
the owner reached out directly and i've attached our correspondence . his response was inflammatory , non conciliatory and extreme intimidation .
terrible service , terrible food , old dated atmosphere . stayed at the hotel was tired do i tried it . dont
i went over . , yes that is cents and they wanted a . reactivation fee . are you kidding me ?
beer selection and tap cleanliness awesome food ok ambience laid back , chill . service not good . inattentive . arrogant . lazy .
worst service ever . staff that has zero interest in serving patrons . i've never been treated so poorly in my life
they are very rude to disabled veterans . went to eat with my service dog and was treated very badly .
ordered the marinated beef short rib and it is so chewy . waitress also not friendly . oh yeah , expensive too .
noflavor at all . probably the worst chinese i've ever had ,
the service here was friendly . our waiter was very nice menu was decent . and the food was just ok
overpriced . ham and cheese melt was garbage . won't be returning . just a wannabe bagel shop .
rude and arrogant staff . overrated food . their quality of food and service has gone down considerably over the year .
terrible pharmacy service . ended up sending me to cvs rather than resolving the issue
the food quality was just average , and our service was pretty terrible . overall , i was not impressed !
awful service . pedicure was rushed , original polish was not fully removed until i said something , and new polish is uneven .
service was slow . waited almost an hour with a reservation . food was mediocre . would not recommend . go elsewhere .
it wasn't for me . i didn't find it funny . not tonight !
terrible customer service . can not reach local branch and can't get anyone to return calls .
terrible service and terrible food . used to love this place but after today we won't go back .
wow never coming back here again . their food isn't as good anymore and the staff is rude !
awful for celebrating special occasions such as birthdays , etc . highly recommend going elsewhere .
i called and made an appointment for today and when i got there , they were closed . very strange !
all i needed was a simple tire plug . tried to up sell me . very slow customer service and rude .
don't waste your money . slow service , and the food is lousy . and of course , very expensive . stay hungry my friends .
pretty far below average pizza with crust without taste . i'd look elsewhere for delivery .
the food was ok . i ate the cheeseburger n fries combo n got sick . soaked in grease . yikes !
service attitude is very bad , the food content is too jerry cut . will never come back again
slow service . expensive food . i would not recommend this place unless you stay at delta hotel next to the airport .
seevice has gotten worse over time and the quality and care put into the food has gone way down .
shotty job , try to upsell , found problems with my car after visiting that were nonexsistant previous to visiting . boo .
my car was messed up right after the oil change . smoking smell . not going there again .
worst service ever . ordered hours ago just got the order . the worst cheeseburger ever
hour min . coffee served from lunch . plates were hotter than the food . overpriced for the quality of service
do not go here . absolutely awful . they completely ruined two of my cashmere sweaters . horrible service , manager owner non existent .
rude server that complained to other customers about another current customer . limited menu , limited respect .
i've never tasted chicken like this before spring roll was way too oily .
why people rate this highly is a mystery . greasy , overpriced food and narcissistic bartenders . we will not be returning .
the chicken smelled funny and was tougher than shoe leather . i tried something new and will not be returning .
sweet potato cafe in stone mountain mothers day brunch was horrible will never visit again
over priced apartments that have nothing to offer .
very very good service ! friendly doctor and prescription was onsite ! perfect for a family of four .
over rated and over priced . way too much sauce . walk down he block and go to fixe instead
didn't give my friend water and is now making me pay tips highly don't recommend this hot pot place
worst managed golf course in atlanta hands down .
waited . waited . waited . people around us were served . nothing . cancelled our order and left . too bad . great atmosphere .
low cost . low care . low customer service . the ceo of allegiant also headed ill fated valuejet airlines .
had a guest pass and denied it bc of corona ? looks like they won't be getting new customers anytime soon
very poor food , but perhaps i ordered the wrong things given the other rave reviews .
i have to admit that i found the chicken that we ordered to be way over the top sweet .
if my food could make an expression , it would be one of reserved but deep sadness . soggy mess .
stopped just for drinks got served promptly and never saw the waitress again . hard pass on this place
is this place closed ? looked deserted when we walked past it .
do jot waste your time to be scammed . all the reviews prior are accurate . should have checked yelp first .
pho had raw . not rare . raw meat . broth wasn't warm . noodles not cooked . they are going to get someone sick
the pig was greasy , had small portions and for came with no sides . not worth the monty .
d b ripped me off big time ! okay it's been weeks and d b still never fix the problem ! mindylynnkrajnak gmail . com donotgohere
not much chinese food sophistication . better than most americanized variants though . mongolian beef ok .
just ok , fish taco was good but portion too small . cheesecake also ok but too expensive for the size
straight and to the point . place is unprofessional , rude and belittles women . please do not use .
their drivers are liars and they don't know what they are doing . worst company ever .
stay away from this place ! no joke . horrible customer service . watch it for what they charge you .
do the right thing by refunding my money i paid you for services you did not deliver . it's good karma .
lack of management is obvious . staff could care less about the customer experience . not sure how they stay in business ?
nothing fast food about a minute wait from start to finish for drive through . unacceptable and ridiculous
received an email for tuesday . they refused to honor the coupon . won't be shopping there any more !
initially beautiful bouquet with many wilted stems within eight hours . quality does not match price across all flowers .
sadly a disappointment of almost epic proportions . service slow . food mediocre at best . cost almost stratospheric . really poor .
this place is is hit and miss . some positive and some negative . i love corner bakery in california and texas
two hour wait food sucked would not recommend very noisy also cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc ccccccccccccccc
tasteless sushi now granted i'm used to west coast sushi but i've had much better rolls in atlanta . don't bother
they have great food but stop delivering to places over miles . to bad . just lost a customer .
such amazingly rude , uncaring staff who can't be bothered to place your order correctly . never again .
chicken pad thai is so bland . even the instant pad thai you buy at the store taste better . stay away
flavorless food , small portions , high prices , but it's not better or worse than any other restaurant here .
slow , tracking info not accurate why does ontario to winnipeg take a whole week ? . seems like a pointless middleman .
rude and poor services . had to wait for food for about an hour . food were tasted awful
for a crab cake and bland gumbo . servers were nice .
love the food hate to phone order . long waits and you have to repeat everything more than twice .
lousy service , poor check in , old smelly rooms . will not recommend this to anyone
bunch of dazed and confused idiots working there ! i think my dog has more common sense !
limited menu on friday night fire the executive chef what's going on over here now closed down brunch what happened
i was actually kicked out of this place for walking in with a half drank coffee . will not be back
they forgot my beer . for the entire dinner . food was ok . come on though don't forget a guys beer .
food is ok . poor service ! i recommend the edmonds branch . much better service here .
service is so rude that makes this place horrendous ! never coming to this place again .
place hasn't changed . when i was younger we use to go there to drink and fight . and we were never disappointed .
the owner of this store is rude and unprofessional . used fowl language speaking to my wife and refused service
not as clean as the average starbucks . overflowing trash , dirty bathroom . tough parking , cramped . unusual for starbucks .
the woman cut my finger while trimming my nails . i can tell she was inpatient and not friendly .
no longer in business . i went to th and alder to eat there and was told they are gone .
it's krystal's . it's only good when you're drunk . the staff has always been very kind even at am .
definitely the worst restaurant experience we have had . mr . christini needs to be better .
never felt more unwelcomed . put name in for table and they skipped us and sat other people
good service but new cook needs some work . hair in food and way to much salt on potatoes .
this management company charges car year for a parking sticker even if your sticker was lost in a car accident .
bad , deep fried food . nothing special . was rather busy upstairs i remember .
awful company , cabs never show up on time or they just don't show up at all . avoid .
cashier rung me up entirely in spanish . cold chicken salad sandwich took min to process . par for the course .
overcrowded and your dog will learn to eat poop .
the phone rang ten times and the lady answered with an exasperated hello ? no thanks be professional !
creepy artwork and dolls everywhere . smelled really funky too . interesting experience .
omg ! maybe the worst popeyes in the history of popeyes . thank god for a good recipe ! terribleeeeee staff
a for creativity . incredible selection . but the one i had didn't really seem fresh . coming here once was probably enough !
passive aggressive baristas at this establishment ruin the experience . the coffee is pretty good .
the bartender hipster w beard was an jerk to my younger sister for no reason never coming back
placed an order online and never received it but was marked as delivered on my account . don't order from here .
less than average sushi . small portions . americanized offerings . i don't recommend this place .
we stood in line for min as countless people who just arrived walked in and were seated immediately .
pricing has increased way outside market rate while quality has declined . unfortunate as this place used to be great .
. a small mocha . for medium i just paid for a coffee that isn't even oz
so different , very over priced . no real bargains anymore . stuff is still unusual and interesting
grumpy employees . restaurant typically unkept and restroom deplorable . employees treated very badly .
won't eat here again . they closed today in support protest in austin , tx in favor of illegals .
this ride deserves no stars . my tv at home has better graphics lol . such a bad experience ,
drafts . too expensive for a local gal like me . managers , bartenders , and patrons are great .
terrible ! missed a gas leak and many other things while pointing out other problems that weren't issues .
worst pizza ever , they sent some soggy greasy piece of diarrhea and called it a pizza
longest wait to get your food in all eternity , nice customer service , but horrible wait times !
too pricey for the portion size , no matter how tasty . for chicken and rice ? !
this place sucked . i dont why its always so busy . horrible menu and food .
just a heads up , go elsewhere . save money and it'll be done correctly the first time .
clerks are very unfriendly and unprofessional . i think they don't want to sell their products .
do not give these people any money ! once they have your credit card info they never stop billing you !
this store was torn up ! maybe they were filming a dorchester version of supermarket sweep ?
extremely slow service at this location . waited almost minutes to get a plain coffee and breakfast sandwich .
owner asked to be contacted , i contacted him same day . he never responded . what a shame .
seriously dying a slow death in the drivethru . pm on a friday night . either seriously understaffed or underskilled .
second time this location has closed down . wtf were you serving on your pizzas papa ?
scam beware got this letter few times looks like gov issue letter but its not
awful . rude service . much better turkish food down street at boston kebab house
i did not realize how bad it looked till i saw it later in pictures . enough said .
their buffet is a waste of money . don't even go there , and the food is horrible . i didn't like it .
clumpy noodles and homeless people bothering you every few bites of clumpy noodle ? no thanks .
good luck on your uniform order . hope you don't need it any time soon ! gt distributors also does uniforms
nothing is good in here . dont ever think ab ordering biryani . total waste of time and money .
dirty nasty disgusting bar . filthy bathroom , crap and vomit all about . many roaches on the bar .
food was better than average but the owners were absolutely unprofessional and extremely rude . will not be coming here again .
again . ordered a breakfast sandwich . . . would not punch my card because it was under before tax . bull shit !
ain't no voodoo here anymore . only doodoo .
poor customer service , overcharges and recommends unneeded services to its customers . avoid this place and take your car somewhere else .
poor taste , i throw out everything after i had the beef brisket . i guess it was food position .
workers were very friendly , but service was extremely slow and ice cream is too sweet with very granular sugar crystals
one star for french fries one extra for great service and drinks . food excuse me nothing good about it
we've been in the line for about minutes in the drive through . ridiculous . will never return again .
huge selection of rolls . decent quality completely overpriced ! almost no authentic dishes .
one truly miserable experience . this company sells strip down models from the midwest for highly inflated prices , buyer beware !
we waited over an hour for a table and over minutes for our food . terrible management .
needs a larger variety of mens shoes . went there today and was sorely disappointed in the selection they offered .
terrible vacuum and not much of a value . the location was the only thing i found to be of value .
price is not bad but store is just ok to look around . sales lady was quite high nose .
the food and customer service was sub par . it seemed like the staff wanted us to be pissed off .
crack for people who get up too early , tasty though . i have one every few months .
good food . sloooow service . place was empty and it took almost an hour to get two drinks and dessert
i wish i could give stars . the food tasted old and it didn't smell right . bucks wasted .
the very basics of cooking . had the breakfast . should have gone to mcdonalds instead .
paid . for a medium light mango pineapple smoothie . really ? ? and it was watered down too . nope .
reception does not speak well english . difficult to ask questions . didn't stay . interstate is a bad area .
we never really found good chinese in atlanta . this was one of the better ones but not the best .
poor condition , unprofessional and bad management . play any course in orlando before this one .
the service was friendly . the food was completely disappointing . i don't think that i'll be going back there anytime soon
the front desk service was terrible rude and unprofessional . completely discouraged from even trying to continue with the rest .
well now that i am on medicare , dr josey refuses to see me . he does not accept medicare patients .
nope guess again . i was a real customer . but nice to see that you are keeping it classy and delusional .
called to make apt got hung up twice .
staff was slow and increadibly rude . bathroom and tables were dirty . not the best subway in portland in any way .
amazingly bad service , even for an airport restaurant . there's no line here for a reason .
price gouging patients to be able to smoke flower ? ! can you guys please just do the right for once !
pretty restaurant . pretty people . lousy food . even lousier service .
yelp says they're open until midnight . they just waved me away at , from the parking lot .
if you like burnt coffee complemented with absolutely crap service , this is the place for you .
service is terrible . took minutes for two slushies . would have left but couldn't as we already paid .
not enough people were crazy for this chicken , its gone now .
service can be really slow . breakfasty food is usually pretty good , though .
good service but disappointing food . the sauerbraten was fatty , not lean . also the bread pudding was very dry .
i wanted more . not impressed at all . tower tour was closed , mediocre campus with limited majors in my field .
disappointed . waited for a minimum of min no acknowledgement from a waiter or waitress . left
very expensive for so little .
seriously one of the worst dining experiences i have ever had . horrible . avoid this place like the plague !
hard to mess up garlic parm wings , but they did . far too much garlic . would not recommend
generic and disappointing . the burger was very small and slapped together in some unpleasing manner .
couldn't get an answer to save my life . god bless your business .
the place is a clip joint . for a clam plate and a small coke ? no i dont think so .
went there tonight and food awful . wish had better variety . customer service good though .
among the worst . many dishes taste the same . overcooked okra , old tough mutton for lamb , and weak sauces . expensive too .
overpriced at open , the quality has gone down and the price has gone up . hard , undercooked rice and bland flavors .
service was good . low quality food . find a restaurant with better food .
new to the area , drove minutes . don't arrive at pm because they won't make an effort to sit you .
i felt like i was in the airport waiting for my seat number to be called .
security was terrible except for the usos at the door . confused and disrespectful the rest of the way .
waited for hours for food still did not get our pancake . i wish i can rate for this restaurant .
servers too busy twerking to help customers . left after minutes of waiting for some kind of service ? tragic .
this is absolutely horrible place . the instructor just does not like children . they don't follow even basic sanitarian rules .
placed an order hours ago . they got my address wrong . food still isn't here . ridiculous . will not order again .
this is a substandard salon . nail polish is old and selection is very limited .
update not hours had passed and nails the gel lifted . literally peeled off .
surprised to discover they wouldn't honor teacher appreciation week when other chic filets are . says a lot about management ownership .
i would never use this company . very poor at returning calls and following up . horrible experience . huge waste of time .
waited about minutes in the drive through and we only moved one car length , left and went somewhere else
lately it seems some of the employees are just rude about providing this service . sad
this la fitness location is a bit ghetto . old machines not even a juice bar . no thanks .
disgusting . poor management team . packages stolen daily . rats and barely any waste management .
always messes up my order and if your in the drive thru during lunch , your waiting min !
violates ada laws . located on second floor with no elevator . no disabled customers allowed . how can they do this ?
this radio station blows . they fired all of their wonderful personalities and their music rotations blow .
they legit let people smoke cigarettes in here . and , people who are ssholes , do . go to bones .
beeen here times . slow service . only one person working . game is on . and it's not on your tvs .
great service , need more lighting in patio area . food cold , to pricey for quality .
so dirty ! avoid ! the pedicure chair water basins were full of scary looking residue .
big ball of hair in my bloody mary .
got food poisoning twice from same location . never eating again . customer beware .
horrible pizza . tasted like frozen pizza . bad service . but onion rings were good .
the food here is terrible and overpriced . they charge your card x the amount they should . good weed tho
yuck . dank , full of sometings in ties and sport coats all packed around a bar with one server . no thanks .
great food . awful service . and i mean awful service . even front of house manager was a wreck .
not as fun . used to come here for man bodies . now its like a sad hooters . not worth it .
the chicken for the burger was overcooked ! it tasted so bad . just smell of burnt food . please don't sell this to customer !
every time i go to cask'n flagon the workers are very rude . it has never been a pleasurable experience .
as other reviewers stated , she is very unreliable . cancels at the last minute or does not show up !
below average food in weird mixes that don't work . okay service . expensive due to the need to pay for ethics .
horrible establishment . refused to serve me a drink after waiting an hour just to go upstairs .
i enjoyed my food , but my boyfriend got the bbq chicken sandwich and got food poisoning .
this location has poor service . i don't expect star service but damn ! the employees here are lazy and rude .
spend a few dollars more and go park somewhere that won't take an hour to drop off your car .
it was decent quick and fulfilling cheap be ready to be shocked and surprised at what you lol
just rude and expensive . when asked about the price , she started demeaning other cleaners . it was not a pleasant experience .
overpriced sandwiches and drinks . all the fillings fall out of the bread . garbage .
this isn't a great donut , and it's a weird tourist thing . all around gimmick .
this would be a nice place to hang out if the bartenders were not always in the kitchen .
hated the food , it's definitely tex mex and not real mexican food . also there sauce taste disgusting .
bad experience with attempting heloc loan . waste of time . umpqua quoted without all the hassle .
staff was rude and unapologetic , after incorrectly entering of our orders . will not visit this establishment again .
just disappointed of them not having recycling bins . the door is so heavy to open , fix it please .
think amtrak bagel in a package . even the tacky dairy queen looking drink cups turn me off here . n a s t y .
i am so very glad that it is closed . good riddance . some of the employees were very rude and ignorant .
safeway is expensive and this one always has long lines . only go there if you have some really good reason .
service was great but the food is horrible . my miso salmon is as bad as public school lunch , maybe worse .
good . but nothing special and overpriced . couldn't find napkins or trashcan very easily .
chill with the bean sprouts bro ! there's more to vietnamese crepes than bean sprouts and won ton shell
tasteless , watered down coffee . meh breakfast . too many cigs being smoked by hipsters .
this store does not run their ac . was sweating after minutes in the store . don't waste your time
i expected so much more from them . the chili cheese dog was bland and their regular hotdog was just mediocre .
strange that i see food but don't really smell it , just having a cold draft . small and cozy and boring .
small cool spot , shitty service waitress can't handle to much at once , music good though ,
this by far the worse post office service ive ever received , losing packages , poor service , and non helpful
these folks overcharged us and insisted it was the agreed upon rate . really unprofessional .
worst place i have ever been . this particular location and most locations in cfl are ratchet . no shade !
. . overpriced food just to enjoy a meal watching your local team play . pls the health department inspection
super plain , got sick pretty quickly without even finishing . definitely won't be going back .
slow indifferent coffee ok but no lemon available ! oatmeal scone quite good
awful food the service from the owner was diabolical ! don't waste your time , money or health at this place .
it's so frustrating . if you want to wait for two hours at least , then go to texas medclinic .
service was horrible ! they don't honor groupon for a group of . won't ever go back !
forgot half my lunch . told me to drive min back . says sorry tell my staff for next time .
this place went down the tubes . now it just sucks and is overpriced . the service is poor to boot .
avoid parking here if you can my car always has a new scratch every time i return from work .
worst food , best view in austin . adequate drinks . go here to enjoy the view and a cocktail .
poor service . order took a half hour . asked about it twice . both times the server was disrespectful about it .
very fun bar scene and would go for drinks . unfortunately , we thought food and service were mediocre .
worst panera ever ! bad service , bad attitudes ! wait forever for bagels ! unfortunately it's the only panera near me !
service was slow . server unattentive . macoroni was burnt on bottom . they have a score of .
deadly sangria , go here simply for the sangria .
staff of electronics workers were so irritating we printed pictures and they didnt even give them to us
tried this place since my usual cart was closed . it made me instantly sick . i tried the breakfast burrito .
i bought caesar salads from costco . i found a moth in one of the salad . ew . yuck !
worst service ever ! . curry has plenty of water and naan is horrible too
logo sets an unrealistic image for young girls looking to eventually start their own burger restaurant .
health and human services dept has issued this market violations
disgusting ! i hate the burgers and the place feels really dirty . but , that's just my opinion .
horrendous service with ill mannered , temperamental children passing themselves off as waitresses . disgusting disrespect for their customers . do not come .
food was good . other than that don't waste your money . overpriced and service not good .
nice store front but the slices of cake i purchased for . per were so dry they were inedible .
closed for renovation however not listed as such anywhere online . hopefully it reopens soon and listings are updated .
overpriced not authentic too many chiefs and no indians hard to find parks great spot
horrible at answering the phone , bad service . person left the office an hour early , i didn't even get my massage
nasty greasy bad customer service and the food isnt even good fail
star views . star food . want to watch the sunset ? order drinks then leave . my best advice .
decent food . gets too packed to move on game days .
people there were really nice , but ramen was not good all . very disappointed .
the lobby and bathrooms were filthy when i went . i couldn't even bring myself to order .
wings were dry and overcooked . pretty gross . would never order wings again . maybe other items are good .
terrible service . slow , unreliable , multiple calls to customer service .
absolutely terrible , cristos platter , under cooked calamari , tzatziki bland . , poor service . . ouch stay away . nothing was palatable .
it was okay . needs more flavor . didn't get alot of food . overpriced . delivery was fast
awful management . hour waits with reservations . rushed service expensive and avg food . perfect disney .
wow ! just had one of the saltiest country fried steaks ever . whooo ! my cell membranes just ruptured .
parking is nearly impossible and mr . chan's in east milton has better food .
just bought this watermelon tonight . no wonder it's . . rotten already ! what a waste of money !
excellent patio . decent beer selection and specials . food . small selection and not very good .
well if you enjoy the smell of ymca men's locker room and ripped bench cushions this is your spot
gross seriously ? who wrote the other reviews . i am surprised this place is still open .
the broth for the pho was good , the garlic chicken and the chicken in the pho was mediocre at best .
not as good as dominos . cold with an odd flavor . wings were cold and soggy . fried zucchini was ok .
overpriced bar food . the burger was incredibly dry and the cocoons were ice cold in the middle .
slowest service ever . every time i'm here , i wait in the drivethru for almost minutes
too simple . i have seen quite a few cirque du soleil shows and this is my least favorite .
terrible company . broken products . terrible customer service . avoid at all costs .
slightly above a fast food restaurant . food is rather greasy . no social distancing evident . would not recommend .
nothing fancy . same old airport but doesn't have free wifi
okay , so because this is massachusetts we are stuck with the fancy wal mart target . rude cashier ruined it even more .
maybe concentrate less on trying to appear anti corporate uber portland and more on actually cooking your pizza all the way . gross .
it's closed ! not open for business . we wasted a long taxi drive to find out .
the staff is rude and the food is expensive and just ok .
staff was overall pretty stiff and ambience was fairly unwelcoming . haircut was fine , but probably won't be visiting again .
a step up , kinda , from frozen pizza .
the beer glasses were too small . way too crowded . the highlight was stephi's of southie . the burgers were awesome .
terrible ramen . terrible service . forgot my gyoza and when it came it was disgusting .
brought a big group here . well people . the server messed up everything . the tahiti is even better than this .
awful business skills . it's all about the profit . not about the customers ! save your time and money and go elsewhere
slow slow slow service cold cold cold place limited menu expensive
food is overpriced but adequate . not much to write home about . i'd avoid and choose another mexican restaurant .
food is crapy and the cashier is rude .
the perfect margarita not even close to the ones at margaritaville key west . food ok and service ok .
this place is no longer open . we stopped by only to find a for rent sign . wtf ?
not a nice place in disney world food does not taste good and very limited seating available
bottom line for an old fashioned made with old overholt ? unacceptable .
terrible customer service . wouldn't spend a minute here even if their owners apologized . will elaborate more . marker .
tasty food , but majorly overpriced with rude service to top it off . do yourself a favour and go somewhere else .
these apartments are riddled with black mold ! management just tries to sweep this problem under the rug ! literally .
bread is hard as a rock . there really aren't many options to choose from . quite pricey as well .
i don't know what is the big deal about this place . their sandwiches are average not great .
rude waiter . plastic flew in my throat and complained just to have a waiter say it was my fault .
it is apparently run by children that have difficulty counting to twenty without taking their shoes off .
we tried this restaurant for lunch today . absolutely horrible taste but service was ok . i would not recommend .
good ice cream with horrible service . albeit extremely consistent service . the teenage scoopers are always moody , rude and unpleasant .
severs were a little overwhelmed and slow . food was ok and typical denny's style . not awful , not thrilling .
slow ! slow ! slow ! normal subway but like i said slow . plus all the employees seem to hate customers .
i always see cockroaches all over the place at this location . so disgusting . the thought of mcdonald's gags me
shady chicks and dudes that work here . went in and they were rude and short , barely even looked at me .
hostile , combative criminal owners . avoid like the plague .
beavis and butthead open a donut shop . more or less normal doughnuts with playground naughty names .
horrible experience with little to know effort given to resolve the problem . avoid this location at all cost !
heart attack inducing chubby chicken . need i say more ? yum yum , sort of .
never going back there again . the food is mediocre and drinks are horrible . it's over rated .
these guys installed our fence without cementing the posts . the posts sagged after a year . so sad .
just popped in here for a hot coffee . it was ice cold .
will be seeking veterinary services elsewhere from now on . dr burton is amazing but his staff is less than competent .
the service is soooo slow and the staff are nonchalant ! always a terrible experience here
damn mangieri's . what happened to your pizza ? used to be my favorite . now i'll take domino's over you . sadness
service was terrible . the hostess was rude . my brother and i just left because we were frustrated .
the people that work here are rude as hell . they only care about making money . eat chinese somewhere else .
inconsistent food quality and taste . generally good with snacks and fast food options .
meh . average taps , average food , slow service , nice garden . need to focus on staffing and menu .
service horrible ! . ! . will never go back again . went twice andboth times was . horrible .
just don't ! you've been warned ! horrible customer service and you will regret it . trust me
comparing to what you get in downtown , the stuff you get here really doesn't taste that good
spam phone calls pretending to be the social security dept . phone number .
wasted about on soggy burgers , old fries , and some watery shakes . it was a bummer
you are screwed if you need to get in for a pap test . i guess cervical cancer isn't that important !
ordered thru grub hub , driver showed up at wrong address and wouldnt drive min to my house !
don't seem to notice or care they have customers and now they're closed during normal working hours . absolutely garbage .
food ok respect for your neighbors on th hawthorne zero shut the hell up
very average food at fancy restaurant prices . this
did an oil change and stole all the quarters out of my change cup ! beware !
worst place in the world . they gave me a third degree burn on my foot don't go here stay away
overpriced and terrible service ! your parking lot isn't the reason you have no business .
bad greek pizza , oily and awful . it's worth the drive to d a in newton for some quality hellenic pie .
the food was not good at all and we were totally disappointed with the gobhi aaloo and the dal makhani .
do not go here . the service is extremely unprofessional and my cuticles were butchered .
this store has been closed . owner does not reply .
hostess was very rude an not accommodating . we left and went to del friscos and it was fantastic !
the omg french toast is good . but every time we come here we have to beg for service .
who knew melting cheese would take so long ? sloooooooooooooow . if you want reliable service go elsewhere .
slow , weak waiter for lunch . but good veggie tacos . less of a lion . more of a house cat .
for bowl of beef noodle of thinly cut slices of beef . use to be better , it's gone downhill .
order placed at pm . received at pm . yes hours . worst delivery experience ever .
rudest bartenders . check ids a million times .
very rude service , worst people ever seen . just don't go there .
the restaurante is beautiful but the brunch was really bad and very pricey very disappointed
is there a way to find an actual person associated with this scam and kick their teeth in ?
nice place very friendly staff . but food came out cold . was my fist time experience . so a little disappointed .
overpriced and snobby . i miss bergson's .
matcha bubble tea was grainy sandy feeling . roasted japanese bubble tea was ok .
bo ring ! came for a drink and the singer put me to sleep . feels like a typical tourist bar . nothing special !
good tea awful customer service , almost broke a tooth the date bar has seeds inside !
this place is closed !
good place for a quick eat . do not expect too much service was friendly and the portions are large .
worst indian food i wanted to give but yelp don't allow it .
not a fan i like a dough that gets crispy this was like rubber would not go back !
terrible customer service and unreliable information from dealer . will go to a different hyundai dealership because i love the cars .
they are horrible at customer service and flight attendants are so rude . just ridiculous
don't ever go on the outside drive thru lane . it takes twice as long . learn from my mistake .
awful experience at the drive thru window ! waited over minutes just to pick up a prescription .
staff aren't wearing masks at all . service has always been great here , but come on guys .
horrible service long wait rude managers don't go you will be disappointed . dad won't be returning
terrible car wash . didn't wash any of the bird droppings off the bonnet that we had gone there for .
the worst place for honda service . tony yuen is the worst service consultant . please stay away from this place
subpar egg tacos , myriad tasteless pastries , you better be drunk .
food is somewhat bland . tortillas chips were stale crispy , but oil was a little rancid . small portions .
this place was closed a while back and replaced with ramos tex mex .
slowest . human . being . on . earth . believe the reviews , this woman is completely off her rocker .
great location and atmosphere , but consistently bad service . i live a block away and just can't take it anymore .
i thought the ice cream was okay , but nothing special . in terms of yogurt though , it was mediocre .
anything you need will be in there . overpriced . service is mediocre at best . not even .
used opentable to make reservation , wouldn't honor time upon arrival and said would be another hour wait , terrible service !
hostess is crabby and acts like you're a nuisance to her for coming in .
a step below the central square location . the only good thing about this place is its hours .
super crowded place , hard to find any seat . drinks are presented nicely but without any taste .
our waiter was awesome . the food was expensive and not so great . the nachos were aweful .
totally disappointed in the management here . will be heading anywhere but here for our movie experiences . so sad !
sold me a cobb salad with rotten lettuce . eat elsewhere . i feel like i was fed from the compost pile .
just had a pretty bad experience here . very expensive small drinks , unfriendly staff , long wait and mediocre food .
food was very bland and gave me a bellyache later in the day .
worst excuse for a religious church anywhere . animal murderers !
bruschetta smelled like rot , the spaghetti noodles had a bizarre twinge of dirty water , and the meatballs just weren't good .
if so , please state you are no longer in business instead of ignoring calls for your mobile mechanic service !
this place needs more staff and one person working needs some customer service training . steer clear .
this place sucks ! don't ever live here unless you want to have your home and or car burglarized !
overpriced , small portions of tasteless food ! i went a second time just to make sure . yes , i hate it here !
terrible service . miserable person on the desk . most unhelpful . do not go to this store .
terrible phone customer service . extremely rude . the associate literally hung up on me .
i have been to this location for several times and it's always disorganized and not very friendly to customers .
ordered salmon bento box . salmon serving was tiny . overly salted with soy sauce .
horrible management ! always charging random fees . never can contact anyone . i wont be resigning a lease with them !
more bad mexican food . go to don pedro instead . there was only one other party , first clue to get out !
worst place ever . rude staff snickered at me because i'm new to bubble tea and had to ask questions .
gentlemen bartender at the bar assaulted me . real problem . he pushed me and then told me to f myself .
greasy burgers , small portions , very crowded , long wait , poor entrance design not worth a second visit .
the menu is wildly misleading and the language barrier led to me ordering pieces of sushi .
overpriced and low quality . i just don't get it .
they close at but they don't seat after hmmmmmmmm then close at are you kidding me
love the food lady at the bar was very short . seems to be more focused on her phone . smh
awful service , took about hours in all . food was cold . do not recommend eating here .
meh . underwhelming ! review of their csa . seemed more like a marketing ploy to get you into the store .
it's officially not we're going here anymore there's not much left and they aren't restocking goodbye forever
don't trust the prices on the drive thru menu . this store will overcharge you without apology .
i only have one thing to say , so i don't grill this place . this is not chinese people !
guess these guys have a ton of business called and left a voicemail . no return call .
i'm sick and tired of this place over booking appointments and then rushing me through a half assed mani and or pedi .
terrible . these are amateurs trying to teach salsa . not one single good instructor . don't waste your money .
extremely brusque , bordering rude , on the phone . no reservations no matter the size of the group . do not recommend .
we paid off my husbands bike almost months ago and keep getting the run around about the title !
disingenuous and misleading about vessel availability with memberships .
all drugs addicts working for him if you leave the house make sure you lock the doors
will visit again
had salmon trio bowl , no tzatziki . food was so dry . freshly cooked , but typical chain experience .
have been coming here for many years . on last visit food quality wasn't up to their normal standards .
this place is a disgrace to south american food , over priced , and the service is just as bad .
this represents everything i hate about gentrification . thanks for making the rent go up .
good food but the place has a funny smell . good customer service the prices are reasonable
terrible customer service , they don't call you back , and they give outdated advice very disappointing , don't go here !
please look at the not recommended reviews . the clinic hides unfavorable reviews to cover their corrupt business practices .
more than mins waiting after we ordered . taste is average . friendly advice think twice before you decide to come .
the fairways are absolute shit . the greens are nice . the ranger is an asshole . that is all .
awful subs . needless to say its a mistake to come here for lunch
do not rent from vacasa . they do not maintain their facilities and will now not return my requests forna response .
thee most terrible service i have ever received . i will tell everyone i know not to patronize this place .
worst wendy's in columbus . takes an average min to get your food via drive through .
crappy , cramped cafe with subpar espresso . a major disappointment .
ordered charro beans for take out today . found hair in them when i got ready to eat them !
very impolati . raises custumor service . melisa sales manager very rood and impolait and raises
someone at an air b b recommended this location . don't do it . it isn't good . cardboard crust and nothing but grease .
this girl lexie answered tonight and was completely rude . talk about customer service !
there was a dead bug in my salad . i guess that's what happens when you go organic !
good price , average communication , very unprofessional .
great beer , worst bartenders ever . stood for minutes at the bar before being acknowledged while it wasn't even busy .
happy hour is nothing special . neither were the tapas . service was good . just go someplace else .
unprofessional business asking that we not waste their time and to move forward on the project or not .
meh the ham and cheese breakfast taco was okay but the carne asada and pork were blegh
good barbecue , tough staff . limited credit card acceptance , relatively unpleasant experience despite the quality of the barbecue .
lousy service ! lousy food . dont waste your time eat somewhere else . waitstaff needs better training and better attitudes .
the golden temple . where it doesn't matter if you have reservations . you'll still wait minutes after your reserved time .
they accepted my uber eats delivery then proceeded to wait hours before canceling my order on me .
decent food but the markup for the boston marathon was uncalled for . atmosphere is meh .
smaller golden corral location which means fewer options of the typical golden corral .
terrible customer service . beds are not comfortable . a c didn't cool . pool staff was rude .
ever heard of double checking your order ? damn
dr . mark plunkett is the rudest eye doctor i have ever met .
major disappointment given good reviews . no show numerous times , no return phone calls . just another poor contractor . shame
this company damaged my vehicle after it was towed just a few miles . be ware
nice ambiance but they sprinkle nestle quick on their cappuccinos instead of real chocolate .
they lied about so many things such as extra fees , construction and etc . total scammers
unfriendly staff . very judgmental . beer isn't very good . manager is an idiot . better places out there .
nothing but a hooka bar everyone in sneakers and t shirts no dancing . the boston location is way better .
this place is always understaffed , and the employees who are here are often slow , non responsive , and generally incompetent all around .
great stuff but not worth the line . christmas season weekday night onlyone cashier and people in line .
if i ask for extra towels yesterday the maid assumesi don't want my room cleaned today . what the what .
pharmacy always , always , always abysmally slow . i don't understand how it takes days to fill a prescription .
the pad thai was a great flavor , but too oily to be something i really want to experience again .
for two tickets ? are they high ? my husband thought we had rented out the whole theatre .
they deleted my origional post and my wifes just so they could bring their yelp stars back up . lame a !
no lanes open . rude workers . almost outdated food produce .
the worst , stay away ! sales rude , prices inflated .
overpriced . this pub really misses the boat . good food and service but a monstrous bill at the end .
good menu but overpriced and the workers here seem disgruntled . don't think it's worth the hype
went back for another burger . had a regular patty , ordered it medium rare . it was ok . not great , but ok .
very expensive . went there for a team lunch . they do not have much options for vegetarians or vegans .
this place sucks . long waits . poor explanations . total gridlock even with an appointment .
will not give you a price to replace the screen on an iphone without receiving personal information .
good food . please wash hands before you prepare it , especially if you are taking money .
somehow this pizza has gotten better than previous experiences but it's still just not good .
very bad . the waiter and waitress asked for more tips . terrible professionalism and morality . not recommend to go there .
generally good steaks and food , however a noisy atmosphere and lackluster waitstaff make for a star review .
awful slow service . mediocre food .
it's . ok . food is pretty meh , but at least it's one of the cheaper options at the magic kingdom .
full service is no longer an option . only self wash . one star b c i had to rate it , but didn't use them .
very slow , not kind and un pleasant service , cooking bar and restaurant not really clean
oh yeah , i forgot to add the cell phone reception in the rooms are horrible .
the service department is horrible ! can't seem to figure out what is wrong when it's just a simple fix .
waste of money . other people in other karaoke rooms can change your songs remotely thru wifi . and it's very annoying .
dr . weinfeld did a breast lift and brachioplasty arm lift for me . i wish i had never had it done .
food was good , neat experience but unfortunately terrible service . never paid a tab and received such terrible service .
panda express with tablecloths . come on really
sure it's a great sandwich , fabulous sandwich actually . not worth the wait . they need a more efficient system .
the starbucks was filthy , barista was in the back not paying attention to the costumers . barista was nice though .
still waiting to see how tyler is going to help someone get the settlement they deserve .
this place have the atmosphere . sushi is ok . not the best in the area . it's pricey for ok sushi .
service consistently bad . smoothies consistently inconsistent . needs better management !
i ordered the brisket platter and got way too much fat with my meat .
watch out for this gym they are shady . they will charge well after your membership is cancelled .
hey ! my eggs are cold and my frijoles taste like a bowl of salt . nuff said .
i went to this dominos and i was stunned by the gross amount of flies in this location .
this is your run of the mill lousy chinese food with fake filler chicken . never again !
rude lie about a full body massage only partial body hound you for tip communication hard
the worst mcdonald's i've ever been to . which is saying something . service is really poor , slow , and consistently incorrect .
how can it take minutes for cars to get food ? this is the slowest taco bell ever .
really like little caesar's , but tonight pizza was supposed to be in portal at around . , here i sit
worst staff ! worst prices ! you would get a better experience shopping anywhere else .
really need to close . giving longwood a bad name . bad service , and bad selections and not all that clean .
annoyed that items that are out in the bogo area are not actually on sale until tomorrow .
service was great but the food is the standard type of food you'd find at any other cracker barrel .
the worst chinese food i've ever had , hands down . general gao sauce tasted like melted play doh . a disappointment .
this is going to be a short review . overpriced and underwhelmed . won't be going back .
service was fine until i discovered someone stole all the quarters in my car .
very poor quality of food . will never go back . a total let down . don't get misguided by name sankalp .
don't bother going for late night food , they won't let you even get takeout after . and impolitely at that
so bad . no one knows what they are doing . could not even make a sandwich right after tries . dont bother !
ok i've had enough of the rotten produce . i'm going to shaw's down the street . you should too .
i went to black and blue and my steak was fat meat . disgusting and will never come back .
these wings made me so sick for days i was nauseous and throwing up after eating here never again .
portions were extremely small for the price we paid . we left still hungry and unsatisfied . duck wings were good though .
i called them multiple times and no one answered , and they're open don't trust this place .
all i can say is stay away dont go there go to herb chambers
condiments cross contaminated , counter and store dirty . also found a hair in my food . will not return to this subway .
clearly geared towards diners who don't care about good food or a clean restaurant . just terrible .
just ew . uncooked falafel and bland , overpriced wraps must be more appreciated in whatever city this chain started in .
not super great . the sesame chicken barely contained any chicken . mostly fried and looks questionable .
nothing special , super crowded and the food was mediocre something i can make at home o
watch what they are pouring you and check your bill , you're probably being over charged for somthing
food is standard but service is somewhat sub par when the server host is distracted by things other than customer service .
storefront is closed , this needs updating . other store in its place . sad bc it looked cute online .
this honey tastes tooooo sweet ! makes me suspicious
this is by far the the worst organized location . not even that busy and they got my order wrong twice .
coffee is either waay bitter or sugar . also pretty overpriced , but that's to be expected .
olympia delivered a lousy pizza . barely warm when it finally arrived . crust was like cardboard . do not recommend .
ordered the veggie burger flavourless , soggy , shapeless . covered with alfalfa sprouts , cucumber , avocado . korean flavoured cauliflower was tasty .
horrible bitter coffee . took them seconds to make an awful latte . felt i threw away
right now , useless as a bank , as the atm machine has been down for days . what's going on here ?
coffee's good , but really ? . for a cookie just ever so slightly larger than a quarter ?
ordered bbq plate , hungry for meat ! arrived room temperature . and somewhat dry . ! great beers ! kale caesar salad too wet over dressed .
food was ok . don't order sangria ! it tasted like a cheap church wine water down on the rocks
they open when they open , disregard the sign . they also have a minimum when using a debit or credit card .
food was nothing special . service was really slow . took forever for food to come out .
did not get a warm fuzzy greeting as i entered . decided to go elsewhere . wasn't to clean either .
ordered asiago bagel . toasted . buttered . got asiago bagel . untoasted . cold butter . something got lost there .
some of the worst sushi i've ever had . never again . very americanized for the less adventurous pallet . yuck !
rooms are not bad but it's a construction zone . complete with chopping down trees over my head at the pool .
terrible customer service . outrageous prices . don't park in laz lots . i sure won't again .
extremely hard to find . pointless spot to have a guys . great way to end my hard day . hungry .
absolute worst service provider i have dealt with in years of being in business . beware .
the worst ihop for getting tasty food . step up your game harvard square branch !
publix heiress donated , against medical marijuana because they'd prefer to profit on prescriptions .
rude employees , okay bbq . with so many places in austin serving great bbq , not worth the visit .
bad service . dirty plates . warm sushi . must of came in on an off day due to the other reviews .
completely messed up my order . i left a voicemail with the manager and never received a call back .
my bill just went up approximately . verizon fios provides very poor value for the money .
charged me the wrong amount of money . had to pay x . i recommend you keep the receipt with you .
the worst service ever ! they take way too long for everything . don't go here if you need some onion rings !
bad service bad owner bad price what more is there to say other than change up ur staff and additude
months ablations cardioverted x's unable to contact doctor or make any appointment .
did not answer phone when called for shuttle , had to get a taxi . beds terrible , very noisy .
tourist trap . poor service . lousy , over priced food .
food is horrible . tastes like its frozen and then microwaved . and then left out overnight and reheated .
horrible customer service . can't even believe we entrusted them for auto body work . should have read the reviews .
service is terrible . the rest in hilliard trumps the east location by times . go to endochine . better wings .
how is this a donut ? they taste like those fried biscuits you get at asian super buffets ! gross .
the absolute worst burger king experience in the world ! ridiculously slow with very rude staff . close this down ! b
terrrible terrible terrible pizza . i'm trying to find something , anything , redeeming about this pizza but i honestly can't .
mediocre . quick and easy if you get the buffet . ordering from the menu takes a while . disappointed in the flavor .
the maintenance service attitude is awful . try to charge more money for me . i will never back here . unhappy
too bad . friends used to be so great . i guess some good things just aren't meant to last .
i do not recommend nw homebuyers ! be careful , document every conversation by email , text or paper . listen to your gut !
to the so called tavern bar simply figure it out . negative stars were not an option .
lounge area in food court smells like urine . gross ! calling this a lounge is like calling mcdonalds fine dining .
no customer service at ready to eat food ! rude , rude , rude ! i expect servuce if i pay top prices
ridiculously small portions for the prices , not tasty , will not be back . old smelly seating area , with really low ceilings .
nice setting . very busy which is nice to see . waited over minutes for guacamole and chips . that's just crazy
well , thank had high hopes . bartenders sucked food sucked bar patrons awesome ! why oh why does this place suck ?
food is overpriced compared to other places near the area and is sub par . don't recommend .
overpriced . rosa mexicano prices at an average mexican restaurant food quality . disappointed !
tried this because of the high ratings , meat was hard , soup was watery , the noodles were flavorless .
carry out . mins means mins . wings are soggy . gross . gross . gross . you will be disappointed . gross .
i love the vibe and the activity but yelp said they were gluten free and they are clearly not !
no way . i recently moved my business and it took months to get my service transferred . go with clear !
shitty bar with a racist bartender . extreme let down since i have friends who are regulars . never again .
missing item on a takeout . where is the shrimp , i sure don't want to drive mins for shrimps .
awful awful awful . really nothing more to say . worst customer service ever . buyer beware .
taking back my earlier review . i was a regular customer but , received bad service this time . !
i thought ultraman was a robot i could trust . i was wrong .
bar staff is horrible . super slow and unfriendly . food is horrible , very basic bar food . nothing special and not fresh .
service here sucks . ruben needs attitude adjustment . he should work behind the scene in the place dishwasher .
the baked chicken with potatoes and the lamb shawarma had no flavor at all . they were not seasoned with anything .
they didn't tell me there would be beef in the dolmas . gross . poor food quality overall . overpriced and gross .
left us waiting for over an hour and a half . second time this has happened . less than useless .
that was some of the nastiest macaroni i've ever tasted . it was the equivalent of craft with not enough milk .
the gigantic is not so gigantic . and quite overpriced for the size . i do have to say their tuna burger is delis .
serving lebanese food not even close ! avoid if you are looking for genuine taste !
their artisan bread is everything , but artisan . i'd expect much better food from this pricey italian place .
two stars for the great smell . but out of ribs at pm on a friday ? took my money elsewhere .
finger food . ! chicken strips . ! we're very good here nice location at disney springs always busy .
decent place for a beer but the food just wast that good .
made us wait outside in car daughter and i . unacceptable , no matter how busy salon is . we had a booked appt
nice technicians but be ready to break out the wallet what warranty ?
this chucks has slightly nicer employees than the salmon creek location .
this is in middle of nowhere . please open another location in downtown not the bento shop !
you have to add red pepper flakes to the slice to make it tasty no good parking dirty tables
avoid at all costs . worst and most rude bartenders in boston . never again . tv's satelite service was down . bad night
got delivery , specified medium rare , meat was well done , tough , inedible . mashed potatoes and asparagus were fine . disappointed .
looks like they just sprinkled buffalo and that's all , the rest is plain . they can seriously do better .
lasciate ogni speranza , voi ch'entrate terrible service . avoid this location if possible .
this place is super duper overrated . watch out for screws in your food ! my experience was super sad honestly
food was not fresh even i specifically asked for well done . i will not return to this location .
hamburger patty like a tasteless brick
not safe if you want a place that everyone wears masks . they don't enforce mask wearing at all ! covidiots everywhere !
average apartment hunting experience . rushed meeting .
arrived at a nearly empty restaurant and had terrible service .
host with the mustache is an a made a reservation through open table and they ignored it
well we're standing patiently waiting for a table he's offering other people a seat at the bar , bad customer service
how has this place not been shut down by the real in n out burger chain . what a joke .
was treated very rudely by host at front . decided to leave because we did not feel welcome .
in terms of cleanliness . this place has got to improve all tables and floor are very filty
worst customer service greek restaurant in town . do not bother . owner was rude to customers .
way overpriced . way slow . and they bigtime skimp on toppings . go get your cooldown fix elsewhere .
complete buffoons . if you're throwing a kid's birthday party , then call them because they are a bunch of clowns .
great decor . bad food . expensive .
meh . the seats are not that comfy , the theaters are small , and the overall quality is nothing special .
sushi was trash and gross . i eat sushi twice a week and thought i'd try it out . low quality ingredients .
terribly slow service . once you've ordered and paid it's hard to get them to give you eye contact ever again .
terrible preschool . director and teacher are blatant liars . anywhere else is a better choice .
the tomatoes in my salmon salad were expired and the owner refused to replace my salad .
i love insomnia cookies . however my order is wrong every time . i wouldn't recommend going to this location .
worst service and the bouncer was extremely rude ! they charge cover for nothing , please find another place .
service sucks . food is average . posting based on multiple visits . also it is very noisy
thus place is completely unsanitary roaches everywhere the staff are filthy the management is a joke
ordered a shrimp scampi pizza . shrimp were tiny and very undercooked i wouldnt return personally . never tried their other options though
overpriced and small portions . wait staff was friendly , but there are too many other thai options around that are better .
staff was cold and not very helpful . the rolls were sub par but the hotpot was fantastic .
worst food . wings had hard chewy meat , dumplings weren't steamed well , roti was the frozen indian ones . don't recommend .
chicken was dry and undercooked as in their other location . what's happened to this place ?
this place stinks on all levels for phone orders . very big boo and happy th of july , you time wasting morons .
good food spoiled by incredibly slow service . overpriced . sketchy street life outside .
rude associate insisted that they don't prince match other retailers brick mortar or online despite their website saying otherwise .
please just go away . the only people with whistles should be basketball refs and even then its annoying .
thai iced tea is nothing like a thai iced tea ! it has some weird spice and just tastes bad
just one of those places to try for the experience and rich history . much better seafood out there .
not a fan . the cheese dip was obviously watered down . service was fine , but food was disappointing .
if you don't have tattoos or a nose ring , don't plan on getting good service from this place .
danger will robinson danger ! warning ! warning ! alien car salesperson approaching
expensive mediocre food , for a baked potato ? just ok but not worth the expense .
complimentary coffee and mimosas while you wait to be seated um thank you
i will second what priscilla said . this woman is rude and condescending .
all atms are disabled ! no notices are given ! late nite deposits are too late to be credited for that day !
ordered hours ago , quoted delivery was minutes . doubt it'll ever come . ordering for dominos from now on .
their food is good . but customer service is horrible , and the people working over there are not friendly at all .
the worst food in austin . never ever go there . burger was terrible . apps was mush
the food here is horrible , i was so dissapointed . it didn't even taste like haitian food
the food menu was good . there was not enough places to sit and the bar tender was rude .
the good was average at best and the prices were extremely expensive for the quality . i wouldn't recommend it .
implausibly slow pharmacy . it seems like they dont care . very lethargic . will not use . stars .
poor customer service . not worth the effort , poor quality products they do no warrant .
it's ok if you're just looking for cheap food to fill you up . not really there for taste .
wings were a horrible soggy mess and they took an hr
horrible service , the hostess was an awful human being and discriminated against my date because he was from another country .
they have no help the guy at the cashier is also making the pizza . long wait is not worth it
food was good service was terrible . ordered delivery and they did not honor their prices and changed them on arrival .
food is certainly ok . but lacking beer wine it is difficult to get excited about lunch here on a day off .
very dishonest place . slow and rude service . food is unbearable .
worst burger king i've ever been to so much laziness and almost everyone here is rude
really bad , bland , and gross . the owners have clearly stopped caring . the waitress staff were nice .
attitude problems and when i spend my money do not think i should feel lucky to be there . bullshit !
terrible pedicure experience . i left with slanted nails . had to go home and file to even out . no bueno .
terrible waiter she was grumpy and shouldn't have a nice job . terrible alchahol and worse food
awful customer service . old gooey nail polish . half assed job with a simple polish . bad attitudes . i'll never be back .
nice place and environment the mofongo was very good the pork chunks were bland . very good customer service
you can get more for your money elsewhere . overcharge you for rent .
first time there . slow service and not attentive . burger was to be medium and came out burnt . won't be returning .
don't go . i went in for a broken screen and was given back a broken phone .
they are threatening me with collections on a bill i already paid . really ?
mediocre sushi , and the tom yum soup was overspiced to the point of being inedible . not recommended .
not wearing masks despite saying they do , and those that were wearing them , wore them supremely incorrectly .
run away ! no shuttle , miles from the airport and massive line ! happy to pay more and not waste a day .
worst haircut and blower ever ! st time and last ! don't understand why it has stars !
like forever but junkier and sluttier
horrible customer service poor quality food and my co worker found pieces of hair in her take out ! gross
still not feeling well hours later ! forgot to add a few photos substantiating this moldinfested facility
this just screams shady ! a . collection letter , c'mon . be very careful screams scam to me .
food was ok , but to expensive . wait was to long and order was incorrect . probably won't go back .
awful customer service ! wet soggy subs , gross ! manager andrew very rude . never go here again .
just all around terrible . food , service , timing , environment . i will never eat here again , or refer anyone .
this place is not only expensive but the food is awful . do not waste your time and money .
i had a fly stuck in my ice cream but didn't go back in line because they are so slow .
the worst sushi place i have tried in boston . both the food and service are terrible . never coming back .
poor experience with online order , couldn't find my order , accused me of not payment .
the worst manicure i ever had . they were not friendly at all i would not recommend this salon
this particular location always gets the orders done wrong , nobody hardly speaks english and i will not go there again .
exactly what you would expect . mall food court sushi . absolutely revolting .
jp licks' iced cream is so awfully fatty that after a couple of scoops you feel sick
wow hours delivery cold soggy piece of nasty shit !
food was great . service was horrible . servers during lunch . need more help . charming place though
real review duck dimsum disappointing . soup dumplings lukewarm , boo . mushroom gelatinouslike , garlicky , eh . service flat out lousy .
i get that you want to support your causes . lost a customer because of how preaching you were .
nice looking product however the taste is not worth the price . i would go to sesame donuts before returning here .
the staff there was nice , but the food was way too salty . it is not worth the money !
way overpriced , horrible management
same story as others . inconsistent pricing . over the phone and at the store . groupon pricing is different too .
pretty lame thai food . sushi was packaged fish from store . also , apparently there is a ration on paper napkins
really poor quality bud . their top shelf is nothing but sticks . won't go back . and they seem to struggle with math .
worst starbucks in town . no bathroom there . coffee sucks . lines always . don't waste your time
enjoyed the experience until i tasted a horrible dish called baby back ribs
worst customer service . guy at counter wouldn't even raise his head to answer a question .
wonderful staff . horrible food . no flavor or imagination . anything with vegetables is a few florets of broccoli . keep driving .
don't eat here . food was horrifying . staff was unhelpful . salmonella is no joke
store closed , apparently moving east down on water street located behind six acres . but has not yet open .
aweful buffet . very less food choice . place is kinda dirty .
overcharged and would not honor the new rate . bad experience before even getting there .
dismissed most symptoms . very brief visit not thorough . got in quick tho . still , waste of
stood at the counter for several minutes , no service . after giving up , i found two employees outside smoking .
closing early because it's raining out , really , don't advertise that you're open till midnight !
closed for business . rip .
had higher expectations . this place blows . well the food blows . and blows and just sucks
worst brunch . overpriced , steak flavorless over cooked , eggs microwaved and tasted like sulfur . will never go back . waste of !
update just received another email from pizza pie er after unsubscribing , yet again , weeks ago . unacceptable .
super friendly folks ! very clean ! food wise the broth for my chicken pho was so bland it could have been water .
takes way too long to get your food . workers don't seem to care that we all have flights to catch .
the sushi tasted great but it was not wrapped properly , it was falling apart . the udon was overcooked and mushy .
the food took forever . and the server about the delay she was extremely rude . take your business somewhere else .
very poor customer service when they make mistakes . not expecting burger king but geez .
go somewhere else . frozen ready to eat food at expensive prices and very poor service
small location , staff not friendly , tables and floor dirty . we left so we did not try their food .
love the area and seasonal offerings , but the road to get in is just awful and terrible to drive on !
food is good but very slow service . . had to wait a looooooooooong time to get your food . .
yankees manage your expectations your in florida , they don't do pizza .
beef nachos were gross , full of grease , super cheap flimsy chips . and over priced . stars cause it was edible
. . closed by franklin county public health until further notice . avoid this place at all cost .
the worst oatmeal dish in the universe , and rude service .
terrible service , food , and people . kinda like an overconfident freakshow . stay away !
step one to eating at this waffle house if you expect service , don't be white .
i couldn't wash the taste out of my mouth fast enough . overpriced , dry halibut .
off trac more like it ! horrible horrible horrible ! worthless . called on hold for minutes .
stay away ! gross ! gross ! gross ! this place is only good for the bar .
food was oversauced , service was terrible and unprofessional . i do not recommend anyone go here . i won't go back .
good deal by the chain . service is horrible they messed up order . no apologies . the owner or manager is rude
really ? you're going to serve me iceberg lettuce with my wild salmon ?
shady dealer stay away takes people money and doesn't follow threw on contracts . not right
made my drink wrong a couple times already . but very good service .
good pizza but they replaced pool table and foosball table with pinball . yuck . lose the pinball , bring back the pool .
come here if you want to feel like you're an inconvenience to the staff and want average sushi
everything missed today at brunch . the food wasn't even hot and the band was pitchy . definitely was disappointing .
very friendly staff . sushi not so good . very small slices and the sushi rice was warm .
poor service . they charge you tips without telling you ! and ask you to write tips again !
when it's degrees in your restaurant . shouldn't you just sell the place and just cut your losses ?
dont choose this place as your wedding cater brian is not honest and he never give refund as promise
disappointed . service was horrible . took more than minutes to get our drinks after being ordered . restaurant wasn't super busy
just so so . gallic ramen's noodle is not transitional one . curry rice is even better than ramen .
just don't do it , unless you don't care about food quality , service , or efficiency . this place is just a scene
this place is an absolute shit hole . the food is disgusting , i wouldn't even feed it to my dog .
horrible customer service . painful experience with these guys . i would most definitely pay more to go with another airline .
service is the worst . minutes . order was wrong and short . when finally delivered cold . what the hell
the biscuits are terribly overrated . but the grits are a portrait of creamy perfection . quick comfort food , friendly service .
worst starbucks i've ever been too ! never get my orders right and always out of product ! get your stuff together !
now i remember why i haven't been to carrabba's in years . the food and service . meh .
always a bit too crowded and somewhat over priced for the quality of the food .
higher than average prices . snotty staff . if drizzly is giving you them as your only option , don't bother .
i ordered a mozzarella , tomato , and basil sandwich . it came with slice of mozzarella and one basil leaf .
came for fathers day dinner and they closed over a half an hour early . pretty disappointing .
no line , pm . fries , room temp . chin strip bbq sandwich ? cheese not even melted . chicken cold af . highly disappointed
horrible service , unprofessional rude . take your business elsewhere . not worth your time or money .
health inspector closed the whirlpool and we had to request our money back . i cannot recommend the spa . very disappointing .
awful rancid food ! our soups was actually bad , and made us sick . the rest of the food was awful .
just tried the fries in the truck only veggie dish and it was ok . at alpharetta food truck
these fuckers tried to charge me for a cup of tap water ! i shall not return .
always a long ass wait and they never get your order right just sick of it
horrible , rushed , sloppy job . thin , polish applied thin . horrible service . asked for a full set and got sloppy rushed work .
ordered pick up . cost . with tax . change . where's my cents ? bad practice
bland . looks like it's closed for good . windows have brown paper over them .
very slow service , the food had a weird taste , however the restaurant is very nicely decorated .
a haiku about this store was wishing for choice did not find what i wanted plus prices weren't great .
simply put . weak service weaker food . missing the palm at the westin .
they embarrass customers when they don't obey the rules .
very ignorant and bad service . the did not deliver what they offered and were very rude in many cases .
i got a pedicure and they did a poor job of painting my toe nails . added pictures to my review .
don't bother . bad vibes . the only thing on the menu worth trying is the hummus .
i've never seen so may fruit flies in one place in my entire life . gross , won't be going back .
horrible costumer service . the worst place i have ever been
bogus medical facility , ran by incompetent , money hungry vultures ! can anyone say insurance fraud ? ! ? needs to be investigated .
terrible ! overrated ! they dont have stevia or other sugar substitute . my latte was cold . nothing was good .
basic food , small portions , high prices . go somewhere else .
this place is a complete scam stay far away they will steal your money and not produce anything for you
closed . thank the heavens ! thomas buffet down north lamar is great and going strong !
worse place ever . rude and unhelpful and they . burn everything i wouldnt suggest this place for the homeless
avoid ! incredibly rude receptionist surly and just hangs up on you !
star only because isn't an option . anna rosa was horrible . good luck with her !
good food . terrible service . worst experience ever in austin . our server ruined my meal .
to tow a motorcycle minutes down the road . absolutely asinine and highway robbery . do not recommend !
took minutes to be served after ordering . now i remember why we don't come here very often .
the hostesses are extremely rude . they lack common sense . our waitress lacked personality and was extremely slow .
bagels are okay . i love there french toast bagel but lately the staff has been very disappointing . very rude .
this place is suck , ordered medium pho rare steak they brought me small slices of meat . really ? greedy
these kids are not experienced enough with color . only one i would recommend is courtney . haircutters are outstanding
had this food for thanksgiving and got sick . never will eat here again . disgusted completely .
how can you not have gluten free bred this day and age and call yourself a nature nutritious option .
alcohol doesn't match the bottle . epsolon silver smells like jose cuervo . definitely not normal .
they do not deliver to del valle even though website says they do . needs to be updated .
food and service were mediocre . friday night's are family night . singles beware .
nope they understand loyalty and service . same old give me money and no thank you for your stay .
gnocchi and bolognese are undercooked . texture is awful , whole meal just tastes wrong .
i went to the bbb and they had terrible reviews and comments about them . i pulled my application .
not friendly to certain groups . i'll spend my money in places that appreciate me and those like me .
they left me on the phone waiting i'm hungry never going to that steak 'n shake again
terrible food . got breakfast . took one bite and couldn't eat anymore . literally may of gotten food poisoning .
customer service and etiquette leaves a lot to be desired .
smallest portions at a panda express ! black pieces of what seems like char covering the orange chicken ! worst experience .
slowest tb in america . minute order times are the norm . slow fast food ? for real .
worst customer service i've ever experienced . they are very rude and unhappy people and they obviously hate their jobs .
awful ! i ordered my food at and didn't receive it until . customer service was awful .
got rid of their bbq and no more pickles eggs . hamburgers and appetizers only . prices went up as well
ordered buffalo chicken sandwich . got two very dry chicken fingers on a roll with nary a hint of buffalo sauce .
overpriced . tourist trap . food was so bland . drink was decent . outside seating made it worth it .
will not step foot into this business ever again extremely racist and rude customer service .
it was ok . nothing great . fresh squeezed oj was nice and coffee good .
terrible customer service . clearly only interested in the bottomline with no care or concern for the individual . bummer .
never arrived to our business on deliver days for multiple months . customer service is sub par . would not reccomend
awful place . the food got me sick . the staff was rude . don't go here .
she used to be incredible , but at this time , i recommend you find someone else . read garlic g's post .
slowest fast food service seen anywhere and they have problems all the time , mostly with their attitudes . save your money .
terrible service from bartenders . i've never waited so long for a drink in all of orlando .
check out the ingredients list on the bulk ice cream . no thanks .
i was actually a bit disappointed with the ramen . it was fine . just not great .
good food , terrible service , expensive . waited minutes for a strawberry milkshake .
definitely do not recommend this place . they have a track record of treating local musicians extremely poorly .
service was mediocre mexican food was mediocre but pricey . still haven't found a good mexican joint out in austin .
if i could give zero stars for their front desk staff , i would ! so rude ! will be finding another dentist .
min wait after being seated , and the food by then was cold . the waiter was a ghost
bad service , it's feel like they don't want to have cosumer's . bad bad bad attitude ! the food is ok .
this is literally the worst chick fil a in georgia . the customer service , quality of food are horrible .
always walk by , will never eat here again . hillsdale's worst restaurant by far .
good food and unfriendly customer service . pancakes definitely worth a try . great chicken sandwich .
they overbooked and put us in a lower standard room , without refunding the difference . a scam .
horrible pool . changing rooms should be shut down . not clean . what is wrong with hyatt .
this was in my ground beef i'm just so appalled . they replaced and took off bill . please be cautious .
long lines . overdressed , average patties . pressure to gobble your food down . need i write more ?
i've eaten pad thai at almost every thai restaurant in vancouver . this one was the worst by a mile .
worst checkout is massachusetts . no one to help customers . limited registers ever open awful awful service
food poisoning . denied and refused refund . obviously will never be back again .
actually the manager was there and witness the treatment but did absolutely nothing until i posted a review on yelp
honey dew bubble tea was so bad i threw the whole thing away after two drinks bleh .
horrible service waited a half an hr for a steak and cheese i suggest victrias down the street
utterly ridiculous , unnecessary wait time . complete disrespect for their patients time
i was charged twice . when i tried to call for a refund brian avoided me .
slowest drive thru ever . they just leave you sitting there wondering if they are even open
the only place i have been to try something new , and denied a refund due to customer dissatisfaction .
looks cool , but it's just overpriced , bland , tourist food . plus we had some of the worst service .
poor quality food with half ass service . who designed this place ? wtf .
cheap and it works . just don't try to get through to customer support . minute wait times .
these people are mean . i didnt stay too long .
has happened several times now where they try to deliver something after being told that no one will be home .
horrible food . surely staff . best to avoid and attend instead one of many other real taquerias nearby .
i had breakfast here . everything was served cold and old . slow service too . weird considering how large the staff is .
this place stinks . so dirty , not cordial , staff is really rude there . no peace . just the threading is good .
under staffed , long wait times , not very friendly . just a bad experience every time .
never again . they cook the pepperoni underneath the cheese . who does this ?
although my kids had a good time , of them ended up with lice after visiting ifly . flyer beware !
horrible service . waited min for a beer . not consistent to other yardhouse experience .
bouncer was rude and disrespectful . horrible experience . certainly not worthy of even one star .
staff is completely incompetent . i had a horrible experience with club at summer valley apartments .
tasty food , but served in miniature sized portions . not suitable for those with huge appetites .
rhoda's was the absolute worst sandwich i've ever had at a thundercloud subs . poor service and half assed sandwich . pathetic .
this place was definitely scary looking . the food was just okay and was fairly expensive for being such a dive .
racist establishment ! all that's needed to be said . remember what city you are in the black dollar is important !
with some lotrimin cream the athlete's foot cleared up in a few days . but still .
the service is horrible , by the time you get your food you don't even want it anymore
manager was extremely unprofessional . i will never step foot in this restaurant again .
sorry to say they were advertised to be at solivita and pulled a no show . i had been looking forward .
definitely need more customer service reps at the counter . the line is people long and not moving .
zero flavor and over priced . i wouldn't go back . the staff was very nice though but that's about it .
slowest service on the planet . wouldn't at all recommend it unless you have an hour to sit around and wait .
disappointed . far to many animals not on display . the map is crap ! i do not recommend this zoo !
the slowest starbucks in town ! stay away from this place . it sucks .
love the layout , but food and service have definitely been meh . price isn't bad though .
broken sprayer gushed water from the handle . lighting was dead in most of the wash bays . lost a regular customer .
unless you wanna shell out big bucks and get bad service , avoid this place .
just plain bad . weak service , poor quality food , bland setting . captive audience or not , pass on this place .
more student supervision check in's needed . and washing bowl are extremely uncomfortable they leave my head sore for days
horrible employees who threaten physical violence and intimidate when their services are criticised .
rude staff , even ruder general manager . consistently dirty and bad service . stay away .
they let people cut the line after am , possibly racially motivated . i would not recommend it .
nachos tasteless and soggy . couldn't even finish my lunch . waiter asked how it was but didn't wait for an answer .
fast service but kind of annoyed that the doctor didn't talk to me for more than seconds .
terrible terrible cleaners . liars and cheaters ! don't waste your time and money with these people .
disappointed in the amount of lechon kewali we got in our takeout order . orders very little
it was bad since i arrived , restaurant was dirty , the soup was horrible , i had to send it back
has limbaugh ? rush limbaugh ? are you serious ? right ok . enough said . lol
awful place , awful food , dont even bother to try !
absurdly overpriced . always really packed . prepared food was very bland and not worthwhile .
worst subway ! do not go . stingy cheap . nuff said . you'll walk out with bread not a sandwich .
too salty , typical menu , nothing special . go ones on nd . ton of choices and affordable .
had to wait outside even with reservation . bread was stale . dinner just ok . service terrible .
strange tacos with no salsa . ice cream is over priced and the place could use a good cleaning .
this chipotle is the nastiest skank bitch i have ever met . do not trust it ! it is a fugly slut !
dirty and disgusting . this adult video needs help . i've never seen a place so bad
bland italian food . decor is not much to write about . liked it better when it was the portafino .
still waiting ! resolution is very slow in coming even though it was promised two months ago . see old reviews !
the worlds worst ! chicken fry ! ever ! nasty ! nasty ! nasty ! the most regretful dinner ever !
why is there only one bathroom , and one fountain that sounds like peeing . this is cruel and unusual
holy wait time and attitude from staff sunday morning bagel and hot chocolate taking almost minutes
they make burgers . not your standard mcdonald's burger , better than that . but that's about all there is .
food not great . slow service . do not confuse this with cheesecake factory in any way .
mediocre at best , debatably one of the worst mexican restaurants i ve been in . do not come
the food was not that great but margarita was good . i would not come back ever again .
too bad food too bad shack i ordered the strawberry banana shake then i got sick after taking it
please , save yourself time and never go to this grocery store . the fresh food is infested with ants .
in the old crenos spot absolutely horrible . no flavor , lifeless cardboard crust . sad to see crenos go .
just paid for this tiny portion . the service was good , food tasted good but the portions are unbelievably tiny
was charged on drinks . after talking with the manager they changed it . complete scam !
not a phenomenal experience . lackluster food applebee ish staff .
they sell a coupon for but inflate their prices by . some would call that questionable business practices .
brunswick stew is good , but that's about it . their chopped beef sandwiches are pretty terrible .
overpriced and small portions . service was ok , they don't seem terribly happy to be there . menu needs more options .
good food and beer but service is incredibly slow . sat minutes before our beer came out .
horrible restaurant , called the place and the guy was very rude on the phone when asked a simple question
nothing special about this place . just regular chicken and waffle .
toppings and greek fries are delicious , but the gyro meat is always cold , every time we've been . disappointing
i guess if you're interested in hearing alot of bigoted repertoire than this is a great place
food is pretty good but service is soooo slow . could benefit greatly from additional staff .
warning to all . stay away from this company ! will talk a fantastic game and garrantee results . but absolutely nothing delivered !
attitude from oil technician . trying to sell things i didn't need . didn't reset engine oil alert in car .
cuban sandwiches were not heated . bread was too soft . fries were cold .
garbage . ordered soup , came undercooked with crunchy rice . entire staff stood outside watching football and screaming at the tv .
the level of incompetence here is overwhelming . not surprised people aren't using usps .
food is luck warm and the cashier seemed to know nothing about their menu . food is ok but nothing special .
nice view . but incredibly crowded . noisy and nowhere to sit . also crowd was mixed in ages but many dressed for the club .
that event of the century marketing campaign . yikes . will not be surprised if they are fined by the fcc .
rude very slow ! will mess up your order . too disgusted to eat . never again stars
panera has replaced their classic french bread with a doughy tasteless style and boy does it s ck ! why ?
no show for an am garage door opener installation . no call , email , or text . think twice about using their services
here is their deep dish pizza pics . tomato sauce has poor texture and lack of taste . otherwise not bad .
the yogurt here is not very good berryline down the street beats it by a long haul .
walls are paper thin ! you could hear conversations in the next room and a guying peeing . room was clean .
just don't go hour wait and this is why i don't support black own business . horrible service
the salmon was not freash it was extremely fishy and mac and cheese did not taste home mad e
great food and ambiance . always an hour lineup . unfortunately a very rude hostess .
a french bakery with no eclairs on labor day weekend morning ? someone planned poorly .
waited in drive thru for nearly minutes this morning and nothing . called and no answer . wth ?
my worst fedex experience ever . takes me more than half an hour to send a document . slow and stupid .
average greek style pizza . unspectacular . stay away from buying individual slices on weekends as they may be from yesterday .
super rude owner and staff mediocre food not worth the risk of going to a shady part of the town
the worst service . i know the transportation system in usa is terrible . but mbta service is horrible , catastrophic .
ordered wings extra crispy , they were soggy and not fully cooked ! seemed more baked than fried , sauce was really salty
manager ramone was very very rude completely unprofessional and never answers the phone . wont even give you a last name
terrible basic food . a place for tourists and politicians visiting , wanting to be a part of history .
tony is worth seeing but avoid paul . paul is a butcher and has no touch or intuitiveness .
rude and thieves ! ridiculous rules and worst customer service ! going to get our lawyers involved ! complete psychopaths !
not impressed at all . very small portions and mediocre food . i will stick with the mediterranean deli on fairbanks !
i got everything i was searching for but honestly really bad customer service . will not be returning .
i got charged . for a quarter of a side of queso here . food was fine , but come on
this place has everything that you don't need but nothing that you really need . kinda dingy and uncomfortable as well .
sorry to say that the take out was inedible ! worth of food thrown away . every dish !
excited to have the onion rings back until i opened the bag to find a burnt mess . no quality control
nice place don't order the kalua pork unless you like chewing on salt drinks are great . food . no
the worst burrito bowl i've had since summer camp as a kid .
inconsistent doughnuts . bought donuts on saturday morning and they were dense and stale . customer service overall is great .
amazing food . horrible service . hostesses are rude .
i had an issue with my gift card . the manager was rude and unhelpful . i ended up leaving empty handed .
good for delivery , if you're into minute wait times and absolutely no apology from restaurant or delivery person .
who actually eats buffet sushi ? ! one way ticket to puke town . yikes
neat concept , blah sushi . it's inexpensive , unique and friendly staff . the food was just that good
quite busy all the time . mediocre service and bad food . their bubble slush portion is huge though
owner was a bitch . wouldn't let us put on the ut game . seafood ramen tasted like shit .
they never returned my calls . it's frustrating to need a service , reply to an advertised service and get no response .
i would definitely not recommend using staff member michael z . he is very untruthful .
long slow line and i got small pieces of cauliflower fried in buffalo sauce for .
amazing ambiance and service , but the food is not at all close to real indian food .
sangria is disgusting . i hear the margarita's are ten times better , they will get one more chance next time .
like the venue , but the people who work there are rude as sh t
cannot follow directions with uber eats . messed up whole order . wont order again from these idiots
website link says vintage is closed ! what the hell happened ?
no consideration for who arrived first . it was all about who knew who . shame on the customer service levels
awful service , hamburgers were small compared to other gastro pubs , the chicken and waffles was great . not returning for sure .
left holding a gift certificate now that they closed . kind of a crap deal !
i stopped for a coffee . bathroom filthy . staff couldn't care less about service . no wonder the restaurant empty at pm
i would select stars actually . a complete waste of your money . instructors are horrible
stopped for drinks . glasses were nasty , the hurricane was not good . will not be returning .
employees' s is terrible . don't seem too car if the pack your bags not the way customers want
another disappointing italian spot in orlando . it amazes how these people can ruin chicken parm . will not be back .
worst place , worst service , worst food they serve stale food . i don't recommend this place at all .
outdated milk and mean cashiers boo to you symphony market
food is below average but they at least they have football on . the only good thing is closed to nu .
check in counter staff were a joke . worst customer service experience in an airport ever .
really don't like this place . coffee is average . pastries are not good . and they don't have wi fi .
got a crappy mani here on sunday , nails chipped by tuesday morning .
the nicest staff ever , but the food made me sick the next day way to greasy and heavy !
it's closed as f august , . sad
the girl that answered the phone was very rude and unprofessional ! last time ordering .
very clean and nice location . zero wi fi , cannot even watch youtube . and they claim they offer wifi !
one of the locations that have a horrible disgusting oat milk ever . definitely wont come back here !
they don't wear gloves . with the same hand that they touch everything they touch the food . disgusting !
the food is ok , typical but just achieves average level . and it is over priced
west broad st . kabob in columbus oh the food is overcooked . never again . nothing else to say about this place .
the food we had was absolutely abysmal . no taste . no care . and the place is too loud . won't be back .
this guy is a rip off . do not use this company . should have read the reviews before taking this taxi !
not so good . undercooked eggs after asking for well done . cold toast . at least we received happy service .
gut bombs r us . love the breakfast burrito . mmmmmm .
really really slow service even just ordering a vietnamese sub ! took over minutes !
they charged me x my actual receipt . food was pretty good though .
horrible service . called for a cab to pick me up and it never came . never use this company
service was not good and the food takes too long . sushi was terrible and expensive . do not recommend !
nice place , food was ok , it was clean . the bickering and fighting of staff ruined our meal .
the service here was terrible ! i almost saw some people get into fights with the bar folks .
hours out of my life wasted waiting to rent sets of skis . nice staff but seriously understaffed .
lots of high energy for mom and kids , but be advised of high pressure sales to join !
first time there , had teriyaki chicken . the chicken was low quality . lots of fat , and over cooked . over priced .
simply put , go somewhere else . past four visits we get a real stop bothering me vibe .
this place used to be bomb , now it's bad . customers service lacking , drink was bleh . i won't be back .
sushi was acceptable but not exceptional . service was terrible . table hostess was rude . i will never go back .
austin regular airport pricing per day park zoom per day
over rated and over priced . better for lunch and dinner rather than waiting for hours for breakfast amongst the fedoras .
did they win the championship ? did they not ? i left feeling , confused and i need my alabama fleece blanket !
poor service , pushy and an overall bad experience . spend your hard earned money elsewhere .
don't go here for passport services . the experience i've had has been extremely frustrating .
worst eyebrow threading customer experience , and super expensive ! please save your money for a better salon .
great food , but really slow kitchen . took nearly an hour for them to serve salads and a noodle dish .
useless , don't waste your time and money if you are asian or immigrant try else were ,
was not available when i needed a ride ! i do not recommend this company , as you are at their mercy !
the most expensive gas in atl . keep on driving .
this place sucks dick waited hours for appetizer never mind the food . fuck this place . free kodak
walked into empty restaurant as place opened and were told no tables . not kid friendly apparently and didn't even pretend .
getting through to these people is a maze of corporate bs . stay local .
there's something a little off with their meatballs . it's not quite meat . tastes like it's meat breading .
slowest mcdonald's ever ! i waited around minutes for my food and there was nobody in the line .
totally mismanaged , and lacking communication skills . if i could give zero i would . service is horrible
waited for minutes for the woman to acknowledge my presence . she never did so i left . terrible customer service .
disappointing with bland flavors that don't live up to the description . major waste of money .
i was distracted the entire time by a lack of cleanliness and the overwhelming chemical smells .
chicken was dry and chewy . stick w pizza here only .
not sure if the food was very authentic italian but service certainly was ! lame experience
crust , sauce , and cheese are all inconsistent , and the smell on its own is terrible . pricey and questionable service .
rude csr's now they're going charge to use their debit card ! i'm moving my banking to ally !
worst customer service ever ! waited over thirty minutes , and ended up leaving . fuck this store !
incompetent cashiers and the manager . couldn't process a return with receipt . would never go back .
terrible pizza . no wonder it failed on the east coast .
i won't return to this location . quick service but not its because they dont make the drinks properly . unfortunate
they finally tore this place down , and is currently putting up a nice clean kroger gad station !
terrible company . i advertised on there site and hardly got any bookings airbnb is much better .
day old salad , stale and broken house bread , warm coffee , thrown together sandwich . why bother ?
kinda sucks with stuck up bartender that gives little service to unfamiliar faces . small space with average prices .
this place is run by really nice people , but the food is not that great . we haven't been back .
it's unfair to keep animal in these conditions and often these places are what keep puppy mills in business .
bird poop in our drink . waiter did not seem to care and blamed us for the poop in the drink .
this restaurant was such a disappointment . the food was mediocre and the service was very poor . it felt rather contrived .
all i have to say about this place is dirty the food is disgusting no flavor just plain badddddddddddddddddd
weak selection and extremely rude to customers . avoid at all costs .
drinks are great but expensive . food tastes like burnt salt . go for drinks and guacamole but nothing more .
poor . ordered waffles that were supposed to come with nutella and instead they put some cheap chocolate sirup . yak
took our money , broke our website , never fixed , never created sales , no value for money spent
don't look in the kitchen tomaine poisioning
the worst , expensive , and food is mediocre , kids fish and chip literally stank of rotten fish
horrible service . paying top dollar for a huge let down . do yourself a favor stay away !
too expensive . poor quality .
meh . friends loved the lobster but i thought the food was pricey and boring .
i don't like going to this market because the people who work there are always rude to me .
the food is good , but it all tastes pretty much the same . and wayyy overpriced .
octopus feet ? they cal it that . i'ts tentacles . clean , prices . okey . small servings . when the place gets busy . wait time sucks . no parking . have pay the city . that sucks .
veggie omelet not good . service a little slow . don't think i'll go there again .
don't come here if you don't live in the area ! they don't understand traffic even living in atlanta .
not trustworthy . they lie to get you to buy !
this is out of business space is now occupied by completely different restaurant , crow's landing .
dirtiest and most disgusting dd i've ever seen ! wtf ? ! i don't understand how this is acceptable in any way .
worst customer service ever ! i've been on hold for over an hour trying to cancel my subscription !
underwhelming . limited liquor license , menu is more odd than good . service is solid , but no reason to go back .
way over priced . food way over cooked . virtually no wait staff . only tip i'll leave is not to come here .
don't shop here until ikea ends the lockout of its workers and gets back to fair collective bargaining .
still a great place to eat in but the takeout orders have gone way downhill .
if you enjoy seeing horses spurred , this place is for you . it also smells horrible . its over priced .
upscale crackle barrel disappointing desert ! cheesecake with no flavor and extremely dry . average service .
been waiting for my delivery order for over an hour and a half . we live mins away
horrible food with unattantive waiters . ordered paneer tikka masala that came with uncooked gravy . not worth a single star .
very mediocre steaks . horrible risotto . great service .
i ate here and as soon as i left started getting sharp stomach pains and felt very sick .
i wouldnt recommend this restaurant to anyone . the food was over cooked , my glass was dirty , customer service was horrible .
bucks for a soda ? that's beyond stupid . next time , i'll get a drink at the concession stand .
this business has been closed due to sex trafficking . check out wcvb report from
i wish our association never switched from cable . only comment i could give is terrible .
would not recommend . left in a lot of pain the day after . back killing me . even my abdomen .
very average barbers . my fade wasn't very skilled .
when did they change ownership ? it was soooo good and now is not . run by teenagers .
had an appointment today for an oil change . took hours ! and they knew we were waiting .
honestly really gross . it was far too american ized . food was salty and broth was not flavorful
dont park here . unorganized ! disaster . waited at car for mins to be picked up . will never use again .
my food was min late because according to the bartender the cook is super hungover . never coming back .
garbage , i don't know why my girlfriend talked me out of flying united . spirt is the worst .
terrible service , below average food . stay away . too many other great places to go eat . you will be disappointed .
what's the issue with the hostess here ? incredibly unpleasant . beautiful place should have a more upbeat and welcoming staff
never been to a place that has such a slow service . minutes still waiting for the food . smh
found a dish that wasn't objectionable mongolian beef , but the food still remains unremarkable and overpriced .
shameless liars who freely misrepresent salespeople and management avoid at all costs
the worst experience i've had at any cbw . non caring girls , idiots that work there , don't go
had to walk out after sitting down because the entire dining area smelled like stale urine .
it was a bland and very greasy breakfast . the waitress was great but the fare was subpar
only perk would be they are open late , food was horrible . didn't come close to finishing it .
don't respond to emails , sent several quote requests , will buy someplace else .
it was an , ok mall . they definitely need to put the air on inside though . felt like a hot box .
i really wanted this to be better , but it just made me miss gu's
first time was great , second time sucked . this place will be closed in no time . good idea , horrible execution .
poor service . know it was lunch , but shouldn't have to ask twice for everything . food was ok , nothing special .
chicken was good . but i totally got food poisoning from this place . can't say i'll be going back anytime soon
just a heads up they sometimes close the kitchen an hour early . check before you make the drive .
totally snooty , uncaring , unprofessional and robotic service . there are much better establishments in the city , skip this one .
tiny rows tiny seats kind of smells seats are real low they have poor lumbar support . but the screen worked !
the chicken tenders were decent , but the fries were over cooked and cold making them inedible . overall , disappointing .
this salon does not accept spafinder spawish gift cards even though it is featured on spawish as a participating salon !
discount sushi you get exactly what you pay for . but the waitress was really nice ?
they don't have authentic milk tea . coco is much better than here . won't come again for milk tea .
took order over the phone and were given contact phone number . failed to contact again and failed to deliver .
too expensive . no food items that warrant the gigantic price tag .
this place is garbage . the weed isn't very good and overpriced . it's close to my house though .
money hungry impatient non communicative . don't go here as a girl alone you will probably get messed over
seriously ? people give stars ? flavorless , left over food on your order , absolutely pathetic not worth it !
lobster roll was not good . almost tasteless , very bland . travesty for a boston restaurant .
the wait is way too long every time i've come here . the slowest fast food service i've ever experienced .
just disgusting and extremely overpriced . even for disney . service was fine , but flavorless italian ? so disappointed . skip it .
possibly the most incompetent drug store i have dealt with moving to another drug store asap !
ahhhhhhh ! friggin steak and shake ! you suck ! love the milkshakes but man the service is awful .
overpriced , outdated , rude staff and unsafe play area . little to no supervision by teenaged staff . avoid this place .
ordered a grilled chicken burger and got a crispy chicken burger . it didn't have taste .
service was terrible food was really salty a very big disappointment ! would not recommend this one to anyone .
this place is terrible . expect to wait minutes just to leave for the airport . zero stars , never again .
possibly the worst company i've had the displeasure of ever coming in contact with .
the owner of this shop is homophobic and racist . don't shop here . overpriced flowers .
worst chinese i have probably ever had . it gave everyone in our party diarrhea the next day .
found a piece of plastic in my grilled cheese . should say enough . beer wasn't that bad though
the white guy in the evenings is a clown . gas is never cheap here .
service was poor as place was very busy . good was marginal , but the beer is fantastic .
probably the worst indian food in atlanta . its also more expensive than most of the other indian places . stay away .
possibly the most unprofessional group of idiots that god has ever visited upon humanity .
never coming here again ! the food was nasty and very salty ! would not recommended this place .
i spotted a bed bug crawling through the men's tshirts . just a head's up
i got my acrylics done for my birthday and they made every single one of my finger nails bleed .
rude staff , disgusting falling apart menus . i can't find one thing i like about this place .
i had the vegetable plate . i could've gotten the exact same taste from a stouffers box ! not cool .
yeah they leave me a place to go hooters . com contact and it doesn't exist . what a joke .
terrible . would not recommend . go to first watch instead food was overall boring and bland .
use to be great , now its ok . price for service is high , now it feels like a rush job .
they put a lemon in my chicken caesar wrap and the wrap was cold ! never coming back ! '
servers are great but food takes forever to come out . can't take chicken that long to fry !
ordered crispy tenders and got raw chicken . very dissatisfied customer and i won't be returning ever again .
food is lower quality than dunkin donuts . plus staff are put out at having to actually having to work .
slowest service in the history of ice cream . think they go and individually milk the cow for each order .
the manager and the employees needs to learn customer service . this is the rudest place in town . never again !
good service but horrible food . by far the worst turkey burger i have ever had . would not recommend .
slightly rude staff at counter , moldy room , stuffy . and we got stuck right above the office . horrible .
go here if you like decent queso , less than average food and horrible service . end of story .
cheesesteak is good , guy is dickhead . unfortunately good food doesn't make up for guys shitty attitude and service .
worst customer service everrrrr ! down to management ! no sense of urgency whatsoever ! this place should be shut down !
crab stick , old eel , and radioactive flying fish roe . ow , my stomach .
one of the worst property management companies in the country . fortunately they're only local .
major issues with food cleanliness . bounces paychecks to employees . this place is bad news
run ! this is the worst place in the world . everything written is true !
bar staff great . quoted minute wait an hour and mins later still waiting . total crap service .
the produce seems very overpriced , not a big selection , and employees were not very friendly . i prefer new seasons .
closed and under seizure by bailiffs ? take the money and run ladies , nice one .
lame .
terrible experience . rooms we were offered have very intense chlorine odor . stay away . front desk and management not customer friendly .
great chinese food . fast delivery .
tuesdays are great . nothing else sets it apart from others . i think it is overpriced for the quality .
over priced and poor service . make sure a bathroom is handy next day .
beware ! click in the word filter to see the reviews they don't want you to see !
worst place in florida ! girl at register was the rudest person i've ever met ! everyone avoid this place !
over priced food and drinks . the burgers are just okay , but their beer is pretty tasty .
get on the hillsboro back to beaverton , you ugly tigard .
this place has disappeared and is nowhere to be found , so don't waste your time searching like i did !
poor service . my chicken was dry . would not recommend based on my first , and probably , visit . very disappointing .
come here if you want mediocre food , and over minute wait times . absolutely ridiculous .
standing in rain for an hour outside , no reservation , slow serving . don't even get why people come
made appointment , but they never came . no longer answered phone . voice mail not set up .
damn place , came here on different occasions . each time , they were closed during their published operating hours . bad business .
kitchen shutdown , perhaps there's rats or didn't pass health inspectors requirement ?
great food . worst service ever from pablo . nd time first experience had the same result . won't be back
horrible venue cancelled shows and anti black worst place to host a artist . don't recommend spending your money here
wrong order delivered by uber . totally messed up my husband's birthday party . tried to call and no answer .
not good . soup watered down and salty . sandwich had very little protein . all lettuce . stars for excellent bread .
cold pizza for delivery . overpriced and slow . will not be back . go to mellow mushroom instead . its across the street .
this place just isn't what it used to be . it shouldn't change chef's as much as it does .
really terrible service . nice atmosphere though .
worst costumer service ever . late to work to answer the phone , rude , and not helpful . avoid at all costs !
very disappointing . everything is being made from frozen or dried things . nothing is home made .
bad gym , bad vibes , bad people , smells like fish . they'll snake your lease . don't go there .
i walked in thinking they couldn't really mess up vegetarian sushi . i walked out proven wrong .
the restaurant opens at noon on weekdays . what kind of business doesn't monitor their hours ? well , the food is good .
this branch is incredibly rude and the service is terrible . the wait times are beyond long .
horrible service . wouldn't recommend this place . donno y this has such high ratings
nope . don't do it . not worth the time or money . place won't last long . sketchy at best .
i ordered the burger and it literally tasted like a burnt cigarette . definitely do not recommend this spot .
worst place i've ever been to , racist ass mothefuckers . i'll stay away from this place
tarka does not taste authentic . food is expensive , bland , and you get small portions .
management is terrible . monthly subscription is confusing . customer service terrible at this location . just cancelled .
couple good bartenders . ones a huge prick . he's hurting their business , and they desperately need to let him go .
view is great . food is awful . service is not much better .
horrible . women stay away . rough and not gentle . rude and abrupt . treats women poorly . inconsiderate . poor doctor .
very racist place . they segregated a black man from the others in the restaurant . this is not the s .
why is this particular location still oen ? just why , awful from service to food . smh
dreadful , dirty , messy and disgusting store . whatever happened to speaking english in florida ?
what a complete disappointment ! stay away by all means . poor food , decor , service , etc .
garden ridge is awful compared to hobby lobby and old time pottery
i get stomach problems for a day , after eating here . won't be going back ever again . fairly slow service too .
it was not as good as the review said come on , it's austin . but nice , clean and helpful staff .
not very consistent with the blizzards . sometime full of candies and sometimes next to nothing .
absolutely dreadful . staff rude and incompetent . avoid . accommodations third world . avoid .
rude cashier and way over priced . go to bargain spot in west medford sq . better prices etc .
ick . the pizza completely lacks flavor . appetizers are good , though , so go for happy hour !
drove miles on a sunday after church and they are closed . sunday hours posted are
dive bar . great in a pinch but could use a little interior lovin .
chicken not edible stale chips . line took forever . trash can overflowing floor disgusting
poor attitude of some of the management not going back braintree location not worth the aggravation
appalling curbside service today and ignorant manager
was craving a cheese dog . strange i know . very disappointed . still love sonic .
place kinda smells . and the guy making my sandwich didn't switch gloves after handling credit card and touching register . wtf .
terrible service . no internet . flat beer .
update from the refresh looks great but the service still leaves something to be desired . also , expensive .
went there friday night . don't waste your money . a glass of wine . small pour .
horrible food and even worse service . person at the counter was not wearing a mask ! will not return !
poor service , slightly overpriced drinks margaritas start at , and beautiful , artfully prepared , nearly tasteless food .
it is okay given the relative choices . but it is a food court option .
service was awful and food was not what we expected from this location . great atmosphere though .
a brake job failure and a return visit replacement still leaves me with squeaky brakes . avoid !
incredibly mediocre , small , thicker crust pizza . worth a try as it may be your style , but certainly was not mine .
crap , closed when they should be open . it's friday at pm . door is locked , lights are off .
arguably the worst donuts i have ever had . absolutely dripping with oil and overdone on the outside . so gross .
absolute joke of a store ! the managers are useless ! stay away ! go to rona
the management team at this dealership is completely lacking in integrity and devoid of ethics .
very bad said i needed work that my mechanic said i didn't . never will go again so dishonest !
just awful , salad , pasta , were unbeatable . after epcot great experience magic kingdom food is horrible .
waited minutes for no food at counter by kitchen . left an went else ware . needs work .
slow service . mediocre food . chain food , so don't expect anything special . nice patio .
fox on tv's and a guy in a red maga hat was all i could take , had to leave
very bad service . i waited minute for my expresso . all orders offer mine where filled .
an okay spot not much to write about . okay burgers that in my opinion aren't worth the price .
took around minutes to get food and fajitas were regular fried chicken fingers put on plate .
the most un seasoned , un spanish , un shredded , driest chicken taco i've had in a while . the flour tortillas also are
would not spray the rims when i asked too . they only care about the nice nice cars . not mine .
chaotic . badly behaved dogs . no grass just weird chips and dirt . right on so no nature feel at all .
the website says they are open again , but no one picks up the phone . i've tried several times .
disgusting . i had lb of garlic butter crawfish , i thought they were soaked in piss . worst i've ever had .
don't get the hype . the pizza is just okay at least at this location .
room was great but truck beware , parking spots are small and they no cameras anywhere .
routinely closes more than minutes early and don't seem to care . avoid .
very stingy portions , does not look what you see on the menu pictures . never again kind of place
food quality went down . caterpillars have minimal cheese in em . just ok . kung fu t is better
i spent . years ago on glasses , no exam . twice the lens cracked . these were oakly frames .
not worth it at all . tacos are much smaller and not fluffy eggs . felt like eggs were smashed into pieces .
garbage service . never coming back . they need to drug test their employees
they don't carry kiton or scabal mostly entry level vancouver needs a high end retailer
if it was possible to give a negative star i would . by far the worst place i've ever dealt with .
def not the best wings in boulder . way to expensive for what it is .
this place is cheap and you will be full . way more rice than filling .
don't understand the hype over pizzasmith . i would buy dominoes or pizza hut before eating at pizzasmith again
if you're a vegetarian and looking for a good veggie burger . give it a miss .
i got the prime burger it looked really good almost impossible to eat . the fries were cold pretty disappointing
andy milonakis once wrote , i had sadness for breakfast . he must've eaten at paco's tacos .
if you like burnt crust on your pizza , this is the place . no need to ask ! no extra charge !
new management is meh , don't seem to care at all . place has gone way downhill since it was sold .
shakshuka should not be made from pasta sauce and runny eggs . the omelette was overcooked .
ripoff ! avoid ! hidden charges useless customer service .
extremely rude employees , bad service , overpriced . will never buy from here again . there are better options available on granville island
the food was cold and the service was poor . i will never go there again . thanks for ruining mother's day !
not good , the food was not fresh , and the tables were dirty . bathrooms smelled like pee .
worst customer service ever . do yourself a favor and skip this nasty place .
always understocked . i've been to this location multiple times and always leave empty handed due to their lack of inventory .
terrible place ! the people work there seems don't know how to communicate ! food sucks !
terrible bar service . so many great options in the financial district , no plans to return to this disappointing experience .
avoid this store ! service is terrible . on several occasions tires were installed incorrectly or not balanced properly .
warning stay away from these crooks ! will update as soon to get out of lease .
pizza is good but not going here again after reading about the ill treatment the employees received .
just very yawn but i drove by and now there is another thai restaurant there ?
staff is very nice but they sold me a fake piece sharpstone grinder . not shopping here anymore !
worst customer service ever . don't know how they are still in business . a simple phone conversation went no where !
probably the worst starbucks in the entire city , unless of course you like the taste of burnt coffee .
lovely grilled cheese sandwich . with charred black bacon , crispy burnt cheese , and rock solid bread . inedible .
this place is a joke and the shorter hispanic woman we dealt with was sooo rude i'd never go back .
horrific ! terrible service , super rude staff , really tacky location , and my shellac polish lasted less than week . stay away !
horrible never again . he cut two of my fingers . rude , unprofessional , and terribly slow !
coming from la we know elotes very well and the corn here is very hard , it's suppose to be soft
worst staff ever ! they always mess up our orders and ignore people at the drive through for minutes !
beautiful store . great cheese selection . unhappy staff . beautiful produce . overall very pretentious and uninviting .
food is great . service is always slow . line usually out the door . employees move slow as hell
service is minimal . fake crab in the poke bowl it w o any warning . that's just gross .
friendly staff , decent ambience and though food presentation was beautiful food was overall lousy . i was hop
two eggs , hash browns nuked frozen squares and honey cured ham cold oscar meyer slices from heb worst breakfast ever .
this place is nasty and very disappointing . don't waste , money , time or effort by coming here
terrible cut for bischon frise . only use molly
did you watch the undercover boss episode ? umm yea , this place isn't even worth star .
rice under cooked , meat is cold ! service is slow ! i got a stomach ache now !
stayed there on company business overnight and i'm having a problem with them double billing billing me ! not very happy !
ditto with john d exact same experiences .
manager is extremely rude and not helpful at all . don't expect to come here for good service !
moldy strawberry cake ! see the photo and decide if you want to come here or not .
i was really disappointed with the the dumplings , too big , soggy , and greasy . the tongue appetizer was great though .
it took almost . hrs to get the pizza here and it was cold ! bad domino's experience ! spend your money elsewhere
pretty ordinary mexican fare , good atmosphere , great drinks , spotty service . trending down , for some reason .
music is too loud . people have followed me around the store for years
superior costco gas prices higher than other costco's to cents per gallon higher .
tried to call the number several times , number not in service . bad sign !
went here once and the service was just plain awful . no wonder they closed !
not impressed with this location , staff are much friendlier at the pacific boulevard location . a little patronising with little care .
please don't come . place is dirty , bathrooms dirty . worst thing waiting one hour , no food on sight . leaving .
crazy busy , maybe it's nice on a weekday ? when school is in session ?
no favor ! and food is not worth the prices . oxtails and veggies was not seasoned very .
gates are a joke . no amenities . lines are too long . restaurant choices are a joke .
poor services , how the hell these people got hired in the first place ? absolutely disgusting
do not have coit wood floor cleaning and coating service . an absolute disaster that will cost me thousands to repair .
pushy almost violent sell sell sell . will not rent here again ! don't use payless !
no star . horrible horrible service . bland food . top shelf margarita tasted like grocery store mix .
slowest service ever ! good value for money food wise , but be prepared for the poor service that comes with that .
i like this place , but it seems that it is frequently under staffed , especially on weekends . expect a wait for service .
wow . definitely not worth the money , and the place smells like bad fish . yikes ! we got up and left .
we paid for the valentines cruise . it was a robbery . mediocre food . buyer beware .
i like this place but why does it take minutes for the bartender to pour a pint ? pathetic .
cool concept but it literally takes an hour to get a drink and the bartenders are very rude
disappointed service staff was great small portion , average taste , and unreasonable prices caused a not again for us .
terrible experience . sick with mold every day . staff is not helpful . this place is borderline criminal .
not my favorite . food was a bit bland and underwhelming . i had high hopes but i likely won't be back .
star just for effort on the turkey pepperoni but pizza dough is undercooked an chewy .
forgot my salads . no partial refund . gift card offered that will arrive who knows when . never ordering there again .
worst tres leche i have ever had ! the entire place smelled like moth balls . i will never eat there again .
it was only ok , not terribly bad , the server and vibe were good but the food was mediocre .
very rude and poor service . never got noticed at the bar . we left out of frustration .
wings have no flavor what so ever . pizza arrived cold . garlic sticks were very questionable . wouldn't order from here again .
so sad , they sold it and changed the coffee , and it's much worse now . back to pavement .
book here at your own risk ! it claimed it cannot find my expedia reservation and would not refund me .
not impressed at all . the food was pretty tasteless and i don't think i'll ever eat an enchilada again , yuck .
the most poorly run business of any type that i have ever personally encountered .
i hate this pep boys , it's staffed with incompetent mechanics and service is horrible . pease avoid !
customer service is horrible . not worth an hour waiting . food was disappointing . would not recommend coming to this place .
i even don't want to give any stars . horrible clerk especially will tease you just in front of you .
not impressed . great atmosphere . love the bar area ! good attentive service . food . kinda sucks !
pool staff were very rude . my children and i have never been treated so poorly . we will definitely never return .
rude staff , the food prep area is disgusting , long lines , when will the airport kenny dukes get it together ?
came here for their tea juices . it was okay . not worth the hype barista was nice .
every time i go in i get the worst customer service . the lady with the purple hair is the worst .
awful ! ordered here in the past and food was good . not anymore , terrible ! everything tastes exactly the same .
waited minutes for an underwhelming ceasar salad . don't waste your time or money .
hotel is nice enough but woefully understaffed . there's no reason to keep people waiting minutes just to check in .
filthy , poorly maintained and crowded ! the one saving grace is the airport staff is friendly and helpful .
worst service ever . the staff dont give a crap about you . totally unprofessional and clueless
great deals at happy hour . but other than that , it is really pricy for slightly better than average food .
nothing to write home about . thankfully , pflugerville has added a few new restaurants . it was slim pickins' for several years .
terrible agent made so many mistakes stay away this co used to be good no more
won't go again , overpriced . horrible service ! will not eliborate , just a terrible experience !
not a huge fan of this place . the food is not very good and also very expensive .
place is a joke . drive thru broken and they system never works . never again will i go here
i ordered from postmates and my chicken was cold . not just cool , cold like from the fridge . highly disappointed .
usually love this place . but airing footage of the kavanaugh confirmation on a saturday night ? bad , triggering move .
burnt yet amazingly , lukewarm slices . bland pizza , not a fan of this place , at least this location .
zero hospitality , bad mannered staff . found a different location right away , not worth the headache
paypal refuses to give me a refund unless i shipped them back at my own expense . very disappointed in them .
had a good quality of food . although the food was not prepared well , most was cold or stale from sitting
absolute scammers . to hell with this company robbing people of their hard earned money .
terribly mediocrity . obvious flex of a clearly uncreative chef . expensive and not good . please fire these horrible people .
everything's overpriced after their moving to n . capital of tx highway while the quality of foods is not improved .
the pizza was extremely soggy . picked up a slice and it literally flopped over . not recommended !
love this place usually . the owner does not require that cooks other workers wear masks . i won't be going back .
for instant ramen the broth was really good . big portions . no wait and quiet . satisfying for a rainy day .
food is oily and just average . believed that i ordered padthai but got delivered something else and didn't fancy it .
horrible front desk associates . they sit around and gossip instead of checking patients in with a sense of urgency
star . only because i have never eaten there . line ups are ridiculously long sunday mornings .
over priced ! flies . horrible quality . does not taste authentic . i have been to germany , this is not it . horrible .
star reviews are totally on price considerations . the place is not for the susi connoisseur .
been here two too many times . both times i ordered we received the wrong burger . fries are over salted
great practice however the appointments are never on time and often an hour wait past your appointment scheduled .
bottom line chipotle has better bowls then you guys ! sorry everyone but save your money !
cold brew coffee tasted awful and they don't have stevia . i should have asked for a refund .
they sold me a sick dog , rude horrible experience . i don't recommend this store . a bad , rude service .
food was mediocre , portion was small and service was bad . the worst restaurant i went during my disney trip .
nice setting , great wait staff . food was so so . overcooked fish and clams .
slow service and poor food options . appetizer menu had very little to ofter and rest of menu looked extremely generic .
cool place , lots of potential . unfortunately the staff is anything but friendly . bummer .
we came here with empty bellies hoping for tacos . they said they were open . they were not .
lukewarm soggy burrito . food seemed old and the restaurant was dirty and left me concerned . employees were not wearing masks .
i ordered my food spicy and they didnt put any spice in it . so disappointed .
noodles are okay . other food not recommended . the owner is rude and has an anger issue .
consistently horrible service at concessions stand . rude staff with apparently no customer service training . very few lines open . dirty theaters .
poor service . good food . they need new servers . large delivery orders . walk in customers have to wait .
tasteless and pale dog covered by dried out taco meat for . i feel used and abused . whatayahavewhatayahave ? regrets .
the salad was bitter and not properly prepared , the pasta was not freshly made . it's not italian cuisine .
long line and only one person working the window ! come on disney you used to be better than this .
stole my money refused to verify the canceled my reservation to priceline so i couldnt get refund . jerk manager james
not sure what all the hype is about . those famous fries ? mine are way better and i can prove it .
we tried it once . min . wait on an easy lunch order for . quality was disappointing .
indifferent staff and mediocre food . all dishes ordered recommended by the cashier were tasteless . go anywhere else !
don't bother eating here . the food was not great and customer service is non existent . even the water tasted bad .
worst gay club in the city with the most unattractive , trashiest crowd i have even seen in the entire country !
good effort but onion rings were soggy , broccoli was ok steak tips were tasty ! artichoke cheese dip was like cement !
the door girl is very , very rude , and at a busy time like sxsw ? ! poor choice by management .
really didn't live up to moderate expectations . service was great , drinks were good food was really disappointing .
everything has tons of sugar in the food ! can't eat it up tooooo sweet . disappointed .
awfully show service , told me a deal wasn't valid when i showed them on the text from sonic . rude .
no more biscuits , okra , legs , thighs , cole slaw , or corn at pm ? ! ? wth !
worst place to buy a car they are a straight scam ! no professionalism what so ever ! and not very informative .
i was unimpressed with my burger . it was dry and almost tasteless . the fries were good at least .
the food is absolute trash . once it was burnt , next time it's cold . definitely won't be coming here again .
travelled first time with alanita , not happy with their customer care experience ! probably my last wit them !
when a customer is making sustained eye contact , there's probably a reason . leaving without being served , always one star .
my good friend's story of racist harassment committed by the manager of this store is very disturbing . see kanwar s
terrible customer service . guy on phone was incredibly rude and insulting . cancelled my order and will never patronize again .
absolutely terrible no grill out of condiments messy work crew terrible the manager is clueless last time i come here
slow service ok food . zero sense of urgency
i have been this location for many time , yesterday it was very rude employees and discusting
just found a dead fly in my turkey sandwich . i think i'm done with panera for good .
the meat is really bad ! poorly seasoned not asada . a disappointment for mexican food .
bad customer service ridiculously slow . not sure anyone knows what they are doing .
used to be good . going downhill . food was slow to be ready , buns fall apart , toppings fell off my pizza .
food was pretty good . worst service i think i've had anywhere in along time .
quick with drinks . the remainder of service was terrible . cold food , etc . never again .
the pizza here tastes like chucky cheese . no flavor , not cooked all the way , cold . gross . will not be back .
worst service and food i've had in a very long time . definitely the worst upscale restaurant in the area .
eat here if you like non authentic asian food . horrible !
they are very messy and they use rotten lettuce in the food and the management is very awful .
mall food court brazilian food served in a balmy and sorta dirty restaurant that i wouldn't go back to .
barely any place for parents to sit . workers very pushy about handling your children themselves . way overcrowded on weekends .
they had like single waiter for the entire restaurant . and it's super loud . the food was good though .
in the mood for stale taco shells and room temperature fried potatoes ? look no further !
overpriced junk and one of the rudest managers i've ever encountered . don't waste your time or money !
horrible service . horrible . food good , drinks good , but the service . my wife drags me here but i'm upset every time .
most of the furniture is over priced and sales grannies are a little snarky .
terrible service . delivery took an hour and twenty minutes . never eating here again ! don't waste your time or money here !
food is barely okay . they did not accept credit cards for checks under . awful service . avoid this restaurant .
bartender female with shag haircut very condescending and won't answer questions or respectfully help . ignored us and poured weak drinks . ope .
y
made appt , waited min walked out . don't take an appt if you can't service the customer right away .
um . gross food . unless you're into things like mini burgers and macaroni and cheese wtf ? . decent atmosphere though .
ugh . in my defense , did not choose to eat here i no like b . ginger either .
yep it's a thrift store with boutique aspirations . it doesn't work .
bubble gum chicken tonight . its tough . doesn't melt in your mouth potatoes are cold .
jerk wrap had no jerk sauce . took a friends advise and drove minutes to be disappointed .
drive thru is closed on a saturday afternoon drug transaction in the parking lot only on old national
visited amazing locations . not the best experience however . does that say more about the world we live in ?
nobody who works here is sharp enough to change a light bulb let alone handle anything financial
met two prejudice bouncers that used microagressive words . need to train their inclusive staff better
poor customer service . food is mediocre . don't recommend for kids . sticky floors and no soap in the ladies bathroom .
this restaurant has a rooftop with a nice view . i would not recommend the shrimp tacos .
tourist trap . avoid at all costs .
bad . overpriced . boring . would recommend going elsewhere . not exciting and very overpriced . entry fee for everyone , women or men .
compared to it's boylston counterparts mcgreevys is alright
worst service for a fedex i've ever been to . avoid if you can and go to the ups store .
the health department should shut this place down . gnats all over the salsa .
sold me a scene protector that did not work jack ass employees
the coffee tasted like dirty water . the . omelette tasted like it was taken out of a package and microwaved .
bad service . over priced food . over priced drinks . i hope the boss is paying for this company outing .
they forgot my fries and the place wasn't even that busy . and didn't put chocolate sauce on my sundae .
would not deliver to watertown . a nine minute drive . after i already placed my order . what's up with that ?
horrible service ! very rude manager . they don't give space for baby's high chair but to serve more other customers .
clean and attractive atmosphere but food was really mediocre . wouldn't recommend the breakfast wraps .
gross . burnt cheese on everything . smarmy bitchy management . have the short girl manager put to sleep before she can breed .
fruit bowl for pink watermelons and a couple of grapes . pancakes were good . service less than satisfactory .
rude ! she kept taking phone orders in the middle of my order . and they don't steam salmon
this place is disgusting . the chicken philly is some kind of pressed meat , doesn't even resemble chicken .
mediocre at best . chicken floutas tasted microwaved then fried and chicken tacos were too salty .
absolutely the worst apartment building owners in vancouver , they should win an award for screwing over thousands of people !
decent customer service but way overpriced for extremely mediocre work .
pisses me off when they close off the deli by pm and wont make philly cheesteaks .
the food is marginal at best and the staff at this restaurant are unfriendly . i would not recommend .
do not switch to at t uverse . i have had nothing but problems . i should have stuck to time warner spectrum .
car jacking just in front of store noon , in their parking lot , thursday . shoppers be alert !
i could not stay a minute at this place . it's very dark and uncomfortable .
this place is terrible . not good food . gross pizza , rude staff . not impressed , try any other truck !
not wheelchair accessible way up and it's through stairs so unfortunately they won't be getting my husband's business .
i'm curious why this particular location switches to cash only at am . i've never experienced this with other locations .
. and this is how they wash my car . disgusting . and i waited over a half hour for this nonsense
worst service imaginable . i will never return . also the weakest indian food in boulder .
older lady who is at the front most of the time is very rude . won't be coming back again .
for a pitcher of bud light , come on . get over yourself ! guacamole was horrible ! won't be back .
horrible , rude part owner initial a who was hostessing on the morning we suffered our encounter . hostess nazi !
overpriced , small portions , there are many better and cheaper banh mi places in richmond
it is not sichuan dish , big amount but not the right flavor , i won't go there any more .
the best part of this place is the price . service was good but , at best , very average food
they are so awful . they ruined my beautiful hair . they really shouldn't even have a salon at ulta .
not a good experience overall . my dip nails are already coming off after a week . won't be going back
not impressed . food was mediocre at best . had to return to pick up item they forgot to include .
went there for one person she said busy night come back tomorrow ! ? what the hell .
ugly crap for hipsters and teeny boppers at an unreasonable price for the quality .
run the other way . inept and crooked . the help is ridiculous and rude and the offer online was deceptive .
prices shooting through the roof . food quality sub standard as always .
so they wrote back quickly so everyone on here can see but months later they still haven't resolved my issue .
order a toco salad wasn't enjoying at all . nor are the guacamole to saucy . no flavor
eh . not that great and frankly , not that cheap either . isn't that why we love falafel ?
place is horrible . slow , unprofessional service . folks work here looking to make everything as difficult as possible .
this is no longer muchas gracias ! it's now a different mexican restaurant with terrible food . sad day .
literally turn group away because we didn't have reservations when the place was emptyyyyyy
drinks terrible food worse ! don't bother with this place !
while the steamed dumplings were divine , the place is not so much . plates , cups and floor were visibly dirty .
shrimp roll was meh , fishy , the banh mi was greasy . i would go to the japanese place at hop squad .
not what it's hyped up to be . best lobster roll while visiting , was in salem . longboards at salem wharf .
food is pretty good , but the service is garbage . owners aren't the nicest folk either
nice selection of hot sauces to go with your meal , however the food was way too salty .
great service . great drinks . great views . great atmosphere . awful food . opportunity lost .
poor communication when getting a bumper fixed . i've had good experiences in the past , but not this time !
terrible customer service . and their french pronunciation sucks . however , their pain au chicolat is good .
recently bought by chinese family really lame food now . i dont recommend .
this place still sucks ! i only came in for some deep fried food and they managed to screw that up !
not the best quality product for the pricepoint , in comparison to similar products . overall c
cute place , nice decor . food was ok there are better places in austin .
i wholeheartedly agree with the majority of reviews these people are either incompetent , corrupt , or both .
this review is for their ob gyn through harvard vanguard . it is a very unprofessional office , stay away .
not fan of this place . if mel is not available , leave . she's in high demand for a reason .
horrible customer service . representatives are disrespectful also facility is not as clean as you'd expect a dental office to be .
horrible service . ok food . nothing stood out or was rememberable . strong fishy flavors . will not return .
very disappointed i'm working hour shifts and the times are wrong they don't open till .
was the worst food i ever had ! cold flavorless chicken was way to waxy just nasty believe me
the worst outback ever . very sad and disappointed for the quality of the food and bathroom is dirty .
short and sweet nice looking place , pretty chill . not a big fan of the food .
wow , this place is awful ! no customer service , place is a pit of unorganized crap ! never go into this building !
not staffed well enough to handle airport traffic . absolutely horrible wait times . min for a cappuccino
a dump . they didn't speak much english and store isn't very clean looking .
the course was fun . the water features could've been great however the water was stagnant and looked and smelled horrible .
ordered chicken pad thai and had the most awful flavor , as if they put fish in it . dont recommend
slowest drive thru ever ! sat here for minutes so far still haven't had a chance to order .
basic mexican nothing special , nothing bad . very friendly service . cheap prices for the great location
the meat is great , if you like cooking steaks cut lopsided so one side burns while the other stays raw .
pricy for the quality of food , and incredibly inattentive waitstaff . don't believe the hype .
yummy food and nice people but filthy dirty top to bottom . don't even consider using the restrooms .
plain bag costs . same ranch bag cost . just too high priced for popcorn . corn wasn't worth it
testing for what ? to rip people off ? world's worst caesar wrap . avoid like chicken pox .
very expensive , changed my breaks the pads and thee discs , when should have changed only the pads . not coming back .
the waitress is rude . no filter on what she says , tried to argue with what i want to order .
overpriced cocktails and a very limited dim sum menu served on the carts . nothing special at all .
the food is overpriced and the taste is lackluster . if you aren't desperate , there are better options .
you melted my keyboard and didn't even fix the battery when i brought my laptop into your colonial location .
i waited for two hours in the waiting room ! she tried to sell me miscellaneous items like mouthwash so shady .
good atmosphere but doesn't make any effort to actually seat customers with reservations disappointing !
no gluten free bun option . failure .
ordered to go and they got the order wrong or missing . unreal .
servers were friendly , beer cheap . the wings were okay my last wing was bloody , raw . it's also very loud .
i love shepards pie . but it was fair . go to kell's they make the best shepards pie in oregon .
service was very slow . food was ok . nothing fabulous . the iced tea was horrible . i'll never go back .
they think tomato ketchup is eel sauce .
only thing open so i went in . beers and shots , not much more for me . not bad , not great .
didnt like the tacos . the meat was too sweet and i find it very expensive for what it was !
spotty at best . internet goes in out frequently with no help from customer service .
the fire truck twin bed is no longer there . sorry kids .
pretty tacky that the owner is giving herself five star reviews and voting negative reviews of her story as funny .
super lame cortado . luke warm , bitter it tasted like they just poured cold milk into it .
bad pharmacy . take days for important scripts and never call you back ? so weird . no thanks cvs .
great place but please update special boards
dont ever rent from this place again ! they are horrible people and the cars are a load of crap !
very sad . very , very , very sad .
spent dollars at a fast food restaurant , service sucked and somebody stepped on my burger .
nice , trendy atmosphere . well design space . but for a roaster their latte is simply not up to roaster standard .
ordered pasta but didn't like it at all . either italian food is not for me , or that dish is bad
bad cocktails . shitty service . someone open an actual speak easy with whipped cream on the grasshopper
not good food was mediocre and overpriced . server was nice .
worst customer service i try to call and nobody's anwser the phone very desapointed worst ,
very nice people but the food is not great . a plate of white rice and brown sauce without much beef
the yuckiest goodwill i've ever been to , i just got the feeling of the creeps . i won't be coming back .
run and don't look back . stylists should be monitored if new . had to get my cut corrected elsewhere .
dive bar , poor service , poor customer base , poor food , poor management . plenty of better options in vancouver .
if you value your hard earned dollar , go elsewhere . their customer service is sub par , at best .
it is ok if you happen in the neighborhood . otherwise , i would not recommend to make a trip out here .
cuban sandwich was great . vegetarian paella was terrible and ridiculously overpriced .
very limited menu , very poor quality , very small portions , way overpriced . go to swagat instead , it's a much better place .
the double chicken salad comes with stink bugs in it . gross ! they refunded the money but still . that's just disgusting .
food was decent . atmosphere quite average . the staff was indeed remarkably mild . would definitely maybe come here again .
they called me to cancel my reservation for people . minutes before my reservation ! that is all .
this place is awful ! i would never return for any reason for hair or nails even if it was free .
not happy this place is shut down no heads up or nothing and they have my credit card on file
jojo was wonderful to work with , as well as bina . other than that , everything else is awful
poor food poor service . there's nothing else to say if those two aren't fair or great
thier cook said that they where going to hit my girl after being shot down by my girl . so yeah .
bartenders are jerks . they are rude and ignorant towards people who are not hipsters or have alternative lifestyles .
very rude . some customers get samples . others do not . high prices for bad customer service .
took mins to get a chicken sandwich . won't be returning . worst shake shack i ever stepped in .
quality is alright but i hate the way they manipulate their prices by marking things up and advertising a sale .
came for patio dining , nope , patio all reserved . prices are too high for what you get . won't come here again .
great location and great atmosphere . less than mediocre sushi . service was ok at best . water never got refilled
it is hard to have awful mexican in austin , but this succeeded . we won't return .
the service was really terrible . we were literally lectured by our server on our ordering choices . not a good vibe .
i don't know what i was thinking looking for sushi in portland , but yeah don't expect much .
very expensive rates when the service request , hope they improve on that aspect . i do no agree
this is the slowest mcdonalds in the history of mcdonalds . that is all . definitely avoid the drive thru . holy waiting !
not a thorough job for me in terms of hydro facial . maybe my expectation is too high for vancouver .
i agree with john a . way too expensive .
hour delay for no reason . the plane has been sitting at the gate for hours . avoid these jokesters .
my pals and i will never go there again . customer service is offensively bad .
music is good but bartenders under count their pours . for of a shot is unreasonable
terrible service . rude . disrespectful . unreliable . typical of the usps . worth paying extra to go to ups . some give military discounts .
not worth the price . too much competition around for less money . will never go back and won't recommend .
scam ! do not give your card information . fraud ! you will never talk to a person directly !
drove out of the way to find out that they don't honor the hours they say they are open .
mediocre breakfast meal with very poor service . don't understand how this establishment is rated so high .
horrible service . our waitress flipped us off unprovoked and told us to go to the nearest bus stop .
this place sucks ! service was horrible and food was even worse . don't visit cheesecake bistro .
anybody else get food poisoning last night . food was great going down but not coming up .
basic greasy donuts , i do not understand why portland celebrates this business .
horrible expensive food . tasteless hamburger . tiny chicken fingers for kids .
food comes out luke warm , although you've been waiting a while . great salsa , however .
horrible experience every time we go ! only once the food was somewhat decent . customer service is horrible ! never again !
broadway and fir location has the worst service i have ever seen . snails move faster . that's it .
please shut off the tv in the morninfg . please the volume is very annoying !
slow unorganized service . you guys need to hire the right people cause people behind the counter are confused
terrible . this was so awful . i've had panera all over columbus and this location is the worst .
always liked this place until last night . my stomach did not agree with the pizza . up all night puking .
overpriced , underwhelmed , and unimpressed . got take out , burgers and fries , and apple cake .
quite possibly the gateway to hell . they lost my package , and will not return calls or emails .
not big on the club thing . and especially dj thats always talking . play the music .
don't get the mochi ice cream . super artifical taste and gave me a stomach ache . cash only also sucks
mediocre buffalo chicken pizza , . hr delivery and we are minutes away by car . wouldn't go again
wack . loud trap music , slow service , soggy bun on my burger , cracked plate . it's a no from me .
false advertisement unlimited mileage is limited to regional geographical area extra . per mile outside of the area !
didn't taste like chicken . some unidentifiable items . the naan was delicious . a girl can't live on naan alone unfortunately .
this place is a tourist trap . way better ice cream in the se neighborhood with of the wait .
please remove grass jelly from your topping . what's the point of putting it there when your shop never serve it .
dirty , loud , rude workers , slow , breaks down so often . just really ruins the public transportation idea .
don't even bother . they're not willing to work with you , because all repairs are necessary .
check out hudson abode in beacon . same stuff happening there .
very nice counter person that called me baby , not so satisfied with my quarter pounder with pickles what da heck
very lackluster experience . service was mediocre , coffee was bitter small and over priced .
the meat is about as bland as it gets and the sides are just bad .
wasn't open . no notes on door . was really disappointed after reading the rave reviews
very bad service , waited minutes at drive thru and no response .
checkout line takes forever . some products are super cheap others good but the checkout for one item takes minutes .
new management is trying but they have a long road ahead
i ordered the food at pm and its pm and it still hasn't arrived . good luck with your order .
restaurant is filthy , servers have poor food safety habits , it smells like rotten seafood
not sure how this place is still open and operating ! worse experience . zero customer service . zero hygiene .
tried to use a free ride voucher and they were unable to honor that . took a lyft home instead .
i normally like jersey mike's but they were very rude to me today . it shook me up quite a bit .
really went downhill with new management . extra long wait for food to come out . mine was cold
sucked
changed both their name and location . ? witness protection program ?
we waited over hour then received a call it would be another hour and a half for our pizza
blandest benedict i have ever had and the muffin wasn't even toasted . potatoes also bland and under cooked . sub par
great cover bands . mediocre food . need i say more ? i think not .
have taken clothes here for months . two pairs of pants ruined on two separate occasions with chemical burns .
not a great experience . surprised at the food , bland and small meat and shrimp portions . will not return .
the wait time was really long and the food wasn't tasteful . wanted authentic vietnamese food but was underwhelmed .
management is like gangster . extremely rude and harassing people .
atmosphere was great , coffee was great . but uhhhhhhhhhh , no wifi ? are we amish or something ? weak .
cover ? meh . place was empty on a saturday night . was an odd crowd .
the store associate was rude and cold faced , especially for online order pickup .
smelled so bad we didn't even order . dog poop and cookies isn't my favorite combination .
its a pit stop to take when bar hopping on the east side .
the food was just okay . nothing extra ordinary . the samosas were fine but we were just underwhelmed .
the place is ok . the staff is in the clouds not attentive at all . not interested in a return visit .
the bar itself is fine . nice patio area . don't order any food . the food is pretty bleh .
it's a good spot for a basic breakfast . if you love coffee or pancakes don't get it here .
it's a decent red robin location , busy with their usually fair and tap lists .
your basic meal , burger fries and a soft drink . with . tip . how do you screw up a hamburger ?
when you need a quick fix , this would satisfy , but not the best .
mussels were not good . the pork buns and ribs were good and the korean fried chicken was excellent .
i'll say it it's not what it used to be . new menus , new prices , . less exceptional food ?
came for lunch with girlfriends after shopping right near location . food and drinks were good and service was ok .
satisfying pho . nothing spectacular but hits the spot when you're craving pho . steady lunch crowd .
nice ambience . service was great . but i was surprised they did not carry tanguery ten gin
good food but way too much . portions are for people .
appt was honored , but the pedicure was rushed and nothing really came with the base level .
very nice atmosphere . great beer selection . nice outside seating . appetizers ok .
i enjoyed the lentil soup and spanakopita .
amazing vew , mediocre food , ridiculous caesars salad , simple sushi , stranger lavender martini .
beautiful property . good service . spacious room . but i'm sorry . charge me for wifi and you lose me .
went in to have pizza for dinner and they were out of pizza . strange to hear from a pizza place .
it was just okay . compared to other locations i've been to , this seasons was not up to par .
ah its nice place to be for once and food is not bad either for the price .
. stars . decent pad see you , although not great . call ahead and it'll be faster .
had nice brunch with family today waitress lacking as plates were removed after we paid
great beer selection . some food is bland and a bit boring .
massage by scott amazing . facial by burnadette mediocre .
this bar sucks . it gets extra starts cause jeffery dahmer used to drink there .
i like judy jetson's . they're good with dye jobs . they're pricey but . what's not in porter ?
conveniently located austin staple with live music and a great balcony upstairs .
lunch working lunch , this is good and convienant salmon nicely prepared service team is ok
drink selection mediocre and there chicken wings are delicious . there shocker wings are very tasty but not hot at all .
this store is ok . just the parking is like a demolition derby . people drive too crazy here .
only served a little bit , rice was undercooked . staff wasn't too friendly except cashier !
nice atmosphere being a tech fan but the food is greasy .
a little pricey for an above average piece of cheesecake . good tea and coffee offerings .
beer is pricey , but burger was solid . triple smoked was a good choice . bar staff was great .
solid , dependable club . i've been having to come here recently for a series of meetings it's fine .
homey kind of bar with a decent beer selection . their breakfast isn't bad , either .
good service , varied menu , quick to serve , good price , it is a pleasant atmosphere
good food . mediocre service . one waitress had a blouse on that showed about of her boobs . a little awkward .
ok place for a drink and wings . wings are ok at this location . better at the altamonte location .
good enough food . staff is little stuffy .
decent food priced well . recommend the house special pork chop rice plate .
always good and consistent . service is usually good . hit this place weekly . overcrowded on weekends so call ahead !
decent food . far too small . if you're hungry , go elsewhere . servers were kind and courteous .
pretty clean and well organized . love the new deli cafe section .
it was ok . the line moved quickly . all donuts are large in size and very sticky sweet .
good breakfast food but i don't see the hype .
very noisy with too many family . expensive but not luxurious yet close to the park .
i tried a couple different tacos . the taste was good , but i feel the prices are too high .
i go for the cheesy bisquits . everything else is along for the ride .
huge portions , huge slices of cheesecake , good drinks , decent customer service , mediocre price tag , but always a wait .
g . a . r . l . i . c . r . o . l . l . s .
tasty , fast , good location , great hours . if i return to austin , i'll swing by .
ordered mango green tea and black milk tea it was good . nice , clean and friendly !
i believe the first reviewer quite detailed the pros and cons . you can hardly find parking place after pm .
precovid salad and fish were both mediocre . decent service . unimpressed generally would not return .
not a big fan for the dining atmosphere and food . island creek is a much better choice for me .
ribs and mac are good . wasn't happy with the collard greens .
food is good but service always leave something to be desired always unreasonably slow
now closed for business . this sign posted inside the front door . sorry , dannik's . .
he did a good job although i'm still having issues with cockroaches inside the house , mainly in the kitchen .
service is consistently horrible and sides adds are ridiculously overpriced . food is good so that's why it's stars
good prices on food and drinks . spinach dip was mostly mayonnaise . server was great !
great for breakfast . always packed , which means good food . service and cleanliness could be improved . i love the ernie burger .
nothing great and nothing bad . a bit disappointed since it has a decent rating . make sure to check the specials
interesting menu . veggie burger pattie is delicious . not my first choice but i'd go back .
good sushi , good prices , okay martini . service meh no hot towel to begin the meal .
kung pao chicken was bit dry but tasty like always . service was decent in speed .
losing two stars . i've called three separate days around pm in the past month with no response .
had the hot fudge sundae with pecans . the hot fudge was off and tasted more like chocolate syrup .
good food . forgot to take pictures . staff is super friendly . they don't have brick ovens .
words . asian fusion , nothing was especially memorable maybe because i'm not really into fusion things .
always good for a quick bagel , pastry , and coffee if you manage to avoid the lines .
decent beer and solid food . laid back venue . ordered a flight and the mac and cheese . would return .
standard breakfast food , exactly what you would expect
great place for homework , great coffee but not as good as barista or coava . but a great place nontheless .
very similar to pho hung , but conveniently when u got shop at fubon market and stop by for pho .
long line and slow service but the lady at least had a great smile !
pizza is average and they even destroyed one of mine during delivery . it does not keep well in the fridge .
decent food , friendly staff . nothing fancy but for the money you get a good portion of tasty food .
thespaghetti and meatballs were awesome . they could use a bigger selection in food options but overall good .
i will always come back for the calamari and mussels . ask for b . j . the owner , that is .
not in love . the server was not very helpful in helping with vegan options and food wasn't great
eh . it's pretty overpriced for a thrift store . definitely more of a second hand boutique . cute stuff though .
food was good however , lines were long and the kha soi took abut minutes while other dishes came late .
food is pretty good and varied . not an extremely friendly place . nothing really stood out for me about this place .
good food , but lacking consistency at times . friendly service and good for vegetarians .
ok food . have to try it for yourself . i had the cajun shrimp and grits and french toast .
oh , give me a break ! i find more organic produce at my local heb ! emphatic meh .
good yet lil pricey kinda greasy still good . probably won't be back because there's better out there
service is great . food isn't as good . took so long for a simple order that didn't need cooking
don't understand why people get up set here . it's a fast cheap haircut . you get what you pay for .
lunch working lunch was nice patio on a summer afternoon nice change ahi tuna salad with avocado , very nice
as of this weekend central station is now close !
great style and hip and not my type . not everyday clothing , but good clubbing or partying clothes .
cheap , not too bad just really slow service with one waitress and the restaurant get packed very quickly
it's good for late night . open hours . good pancakes and lots of eggy breakfast dishes .
quality bar and stage . music didn't seem to be projected throughout the venue . very cool and comfortable environment . enjoy .
ehh . got an hour foot massage and it was just okay
awesome ice cream ! unfortunately , they have a terribly disgusting bathroom . i would definitely come again for the sweets .
the donuts were totally average . and the chai latte flight was really fun , but not spicy enough !
great calamari with spicy coating ana andoule , super loud douchy crowd
b establishment . food is great on a good night and marginal on others . atmosphere is solid .
the fluffy and buttery bun was awesome , but it masked the lobster . tasty , but i want more lobster flavor .
not the best pad thai i've ever had but the thai coffee was awesome
tasty broth but noodles are consistently overcooked , dough like . there are many others more worthy of my money .
decent restaurant , a great place to grab a bite , went here with my significant other and enjoyed it .
turkey club and greek salad
great hotdogs with chili ! onion rings near perfection but french fries were limp and so disappointing !
this is an average blenz . alma and th is much better
messy , overcrowded , terrible parking , and a lack of quality stores sums up this mall . it's just another tourist attraction , unfortunately .
awesome mexican food spot in the heart of midtown great food cool peeps we will be back .
they answered all of my questions and concerns . look forward to working with them in the future .
nice little healthy eatery in the heart of winter park . they have mediterranean food and smoothies .
food is great , small portions , waiters are stuck up and not personal which ruins the experience .
this ones okay . the drinks are so so but it's close by and good for on the run before class .
good thai with some excellent choices and some less so .
great customer service . but everything besides the steak was subpar , and a bit overpriced for the quality .
ok but not great , hot pot inexpensive , but run down , it needs a makeover
new england clam chowder crab cake sandwich were good lunch options . a bit greasy fried french fries .
such a popular cafe ! there is already a queue at ! good for sweet teeth and people with good appetite .
cool concept but didn't realize it was a children's cafe . make sure to bring your ear plugs .
our family eats here quite frequently , very enjoyable
it was good but , only if you're in the area . i wouldn't go out of my way for their food .
you should take down the fast lube sign down . service keeps getting slower .
back for a burger combo . the place was clean and folks friendly and efficient . alas , the food is mediocre .
nasty food . gross place to be . super disgusting . bathrooms are nasty . head to east side bistro !
veal , salmon and chicken was good . steak was tough . a true three star . not four plus .
nice ambiance , slightly overpriced and small portions , but tasty little tacos .
la verdad means the truth in spanish . file this review under not very useful !
great for a quick cheap bite to eat . a slice and a soda is . . best lunch bargain downtown .
weird atmosphere . food was just ok , but very inexpensive . went for dinner on a weeknight and it was nearly empty .
personally not a huge fan of the extravagant drinks , but they do make a mean jasmine milk tea with boba !
friendly staff , knowledgable and active in the community . tons of selections of pipes , bongs and accessories .
a haiku review a pretty setting lions gate bridge just right there . better view than food .
i am a fan of the open family seating , and the food is consistent . especially the lemon chicken !
really expensive food here . but i do like the atmosphere !
used to live right next door . place is great and just what you would expect for a classic american dinner .
pretty and delicious soft shell crab and mango salad . appetizer sampler was ok . both , a bit pricey .
ode to scrambled eggs thou shalt not be too runny but don't forget salt . haiku review
waited a long time , but did get a good rental , nice clean car , but definitely paid for it
pho taste just fine . friendly staffs . need to find parking spot . bun bo hue is ok to try .
just opened . needs a few weeks to work out the kinks like any new place . great potential !
the grab and go sushi is pretty damn mediocre . i expected better based on the affiliation with akai hana .
it was easy in and out . i had printed a label so everything was easy .
julia child needs to teach these guys how to use butter .
definitely fine . window seat was great , food was good . nothing too crazy in either direction .
chicken good crispy and juicy potato salad oddly sweet and clashes with chicken long wait for check
this was a cute hidden place we found via yelp . we needed to rehydrate , and this place did the trick !
eh . lots of books . not nearly as charming or quirky as i'd expected .
like circa and paddys , but has an awsome back deck . get the blta .
pretty average pizza . something quick to grab late since they're open till am most nights .
solid tex mex . as expected . the bartender sat at the bar was very nice and attentive .
informative but overpriced . cheesy tour and their coupon is only good for the kissimmee store .
their chicken parmesan is literally chicken tenders with sauce and cheese over it . i could do that myself .
good mid priced lodgings with outstanding staff service attitudes .
room was nice and clean bed was comfortable desk was friendly and helpful . got rate difficult to find the entrance
always a good meal , but beware the wait can be an hour for a table on a weekend morning .
ok location , nothing special . they got the drinks right as well as refill charges . not super convenient to get to .
haven't yet figured out the hype on this one . menu always seems limited and have suffered from slow service .
completely average fluffy desserts . the only reason it gets stars is the staff is exceptionally friendly .
the food has good flavor and the staff was really nice , but dont expect chipotle size servings
small portions but good food fish and fries were good . not too excited about the collard greens
i love this place . along with sweet melissa's , it's my go to anytime always delicious and affordable , comfort diner .
decent meal , but nothing special . had biscuits and gravy , but the gravy needed more flavor . hash browns were solid though .
just that a ok . found a small toy i was looking for . everyone was friendly and helpful .
one word . overrated
nothing too exciting about this place . its like an ok mall with cool places to take pictures .
omg they still smoke . inside ! oh well the bacon cheeseburger was good the beer cold and the bt hospitable .
i can't ever find the entrance to this places , which really annoys me . food's good .
pretty standard pie but huge slices for the price . a nice quick lunch spot if you're around beacon hill .
love the location . huge screens . clean theatre . not bad
i liked this place better before it got gentrified into wright brothers or whatever they're calling it now .
mediocre food drenched in oil . but the staff is very friendly , they have excellent coffee , and everything is reasonably priced .
skully's was not too bad of a place . the front room is a lot more relaxing .
cool ! but overpriced . ask questions they dont know the answers , buy somewhere else , i think the clerk was on something
there's usually a line but everyone is pleasant . just had no idea that stamps were bucks now
great place , will be back again ! they could use more a c units during the summer season .
just okay italian food . probably wouldn't go back a second time but we were just visiting oregon city .
the food is ok . chicken is often undercooked , chewy . you would be better off going into boston for chinese food .
great gelato , but get it to go . the cleaning chemicals they use are noxious .
good return policy , decent selection not crazy abt the customer service .
ordered a pizza and a salad for delivery . and wasn't given a fork . pizza's pretty tasty though .
pretty good but not in love with the chicken . they could paint the walls and keep it a little cleaner .
perhaps the best place for a slice of pizza in the west end davie ham and pineapple . tasty . enough said . but avoid the beef
lobster bisque was good . oysters va va room , va not good . try john river instead . service was slow and restless .
the internet price was not available due to location and demand . was cleaned . he was friendly enough
beer was good . fried chicken was mediocre . i'm from texas so maybe i'm just used to better fried chicken ?
good size portions . flavors are just okay .
the price was a bit high for the food but it was surprisingly good with great service .
they tend to over serve when it is obvious that person is drunk . if seen it happen multiple times .
the service lacks any warmth or friendliness . the coffee is whatever for the price they sell it at .
the curried goat was great but the jerk pork just looked like barbecue ribs , nothing jamaican about that .
biscuits has tasty standard american choices . this is such a lovely location and they have a great little patio .
affordable and delicious ! the spaghetti with roasted carrots is definitely my favorite . easy and on the go .
not going to lie , the pancakes were really good . but the coffee eh .
one comment . it sure is no dave's fresh pasta , which is almost just down the street . so why bother ?
staff is very friendly . food is great , but a little pricey for what you get . very good menu selection .
. for weekday buffett . not a big buffett and a little bit spicy . good for the price .
fennel mushroom pizza with garlic cream was too rich . wish i ordered margharita . dark chocolate ice cream was delicious !
not very crowded but still has a good vibe to it . it helps that i love shiner beer .
didn't quite live up to the reviews . was above average pizza , but service and environment was nothing special .
great that the marketing manager got in touch with me to address the problem .
typical disney restaurant . make sure you are on the meal plan for the best value . pricy and small portions .
pretty mediocre pizza , but hey they do slices ! better off at rugerios imo .
this place is pretty darn awesome . nice location , but it's a bit crowded . either way , try them out ! good experience
great guacamole and pomegranate margaritas . but overpriced . the guacamole with one avocado is .
great location , fun atmosphere , real good service , awesome drinks , tasty food .
cute wine and tapas bar with a beautiful patio area ! unfortunately there are slim food options , but great wine list !
great size , good coffee , decent decor , wifi if you're willing to pay for it .
not the best ramen but the potato salad was surprisingly good . drinks were expensive but novel . nice atmosphere , friendly service .
it was ok . nothing exciting . i didn't feel it was worth , rewards points each night .
i'd like to try something new . i've never been to this house . the decoration is classical . steak and salad so so .
good atmosphere and good outside seating . the fry's are what i always get every time . can bring dogs outside .
limited menu but pretty good shrimp and grits . the staff is nice and the ambience is chill .
good for a late night spot if you leave a bar club early . you wont find me here sober .
we had the pimento burger and meatloaf . both were really good . happy hour food and drink options are plentiful !
the drip wasn't exceptional and the decor has gone downhill . not bad just underwhelming
nothing is exciting . my expectations must have been too high . we were served adequately but with absolutely no interaction .
the veggie burger is pretty good , and it's an austin classic ! got to try it at least once !
recommendations fish sandwich , clam chowder worth a try ! fun trolley ride over with jason from sam adams brewery .
not good , but probably the only thing in the dr phillips area that resembles a hot pot .
a not that authentic mexican restaurant , however , a good option around universal studio .
this was a really nice subway . the staff was very ver friendly .
skip the pot stickers , but make sure you try the zen noodles .
very salty beef broth , good service , family friendly , been here x since visited orlando
service really sucks here . food is okay , but you'll wait forever to get it . their brunch is kinda a joke .
decent and dated resort . the management seems content with current state of affairs and would likely not make improvements .
love their steak , huge and filling taco salad and great chips and salsa .
cheesecake factory ish style place but the food isn't even up to those standards . it's a good atmosphere for drinks
underwhelming . we ordered chicken fingers and wings . the outside patio kind of reminds me of a family reunion . very crowded .
grabbed an early dinner tonight . food was good since i only put things i like in my bowl .
the food is great . a little over priced . the decor is beautiful .
texas cheesesteak melt hashbrowns scattered smothered covered and topped uuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmm yyyuummmmmmmmm
the regular subway lines are decent . the green line gets delayed often . the silver line is a mess .
love massage envy . close to our condo , clean , professional , always great massages !
these wings are too small for the price . they are yummy but i like more bang for my buck
we returned after a terrible first impression , and things were better . it's alright . my four year old daughter loves the furniture .
good services , a little too sweet on the milk tea . but they have good selection for drinks
great for a quick burger ! although we found the experience and food to be less than satisfying .
food is good but not great . very pricy and small servings compare to other ramen place
slowest service ever . also , be prepared to be asked a million questions about special deals and offers and trade ins
food was good , seating a bit crowded . server was great but entrees took way too long .
eehh sport barish
who would want to eat a full plate of just teriyaki beef ? lamemenuupdate notmadjustdisappointed
food is pretty good and authentic . well priced and good size portions . horrible service .
eh , the night crew is a bit scary . but i just go in for the moons over my hammy
had the wall street journal . even set one aside for me after i called .
the breakfast is nothing special . the sweet potato hash is not a good mix . the coffee is ok .
a expensive but necessary treat at the airport , it is a great business model .
pretty strandard north end italian great capachino .
food not fully cooked . good menu though ! manager appreciated feedback as they look to correct any issues . will try again !
good red velvet cupcake the oatmeal cookie was not sweet enough for me overall good
this place is good for what it is , but their shrimp tempura roll is whack . all rice no filling .
good food , good ambiance overall the night i was there . felt like the place was super loud . ok service .
the food was just okay . the view is great and the service was solid .
not impressed . crust was burned . sent back burned again . place was very smokey inside !
place is huge and audio quality for music concert is good . nice venue for medium range indoor concerts or meetups .
stay away from the cloud macchiatos bitter ! there is always a line at this location that snakes to the street .
convenient location , clean , well stocked . so happy to have this supermarket so close to my new office . super convenient !
a nice local dive , but alas it is no more . rip
cute place . very small and not a lot going on there , but cute place nonetheless . ooooooo
i always come here for lunch or breakfast . food is good great value . not for business meal with client .
awesome tourist trap ! bring home the cheers mug for .
dayboat scallops were delicious as the appetizer and surprisingly passed off as a main course .
the white mac and cheese is divine . the bbq sauce tastes like ketchup , but the brisket is hella tender .
good burgers , good service , if they installed some sorely needed bike parking out front i would become a regular .
it offers good italian food . but the selection was not that impressive . great decor and services though .
nice decor and furniture . friendly staff . good sized portions with no msg . can feed for less than .
service was slow . wine was good and my party enjoyed dessert .
grease grease and more grease ! don't do it ! lol just opt for a shake instead ! prob a lil more healthier
the atmosphere is fun and the drinks are good . the food is over salted and and overpriced .
very nice renovation . very friendly service but drive through extremely slow . avoid early mornings and from am to lunchtime .
the salmon burger could use a little more seasoning . it was pretty bland . the fries were very good though .
my ignition key doesn't always work . don't know why i would have to pay bucks just for a diagnosis .
you know what to expect from chipotle . good food and fast . i appreciate the good customer service as well .
quality has unfortunately gone down hill . last few times we came tacos were cold , like even the sausage was cold .
it's a cool place and a crazy variety of beer , but a little overloaded with hipster attitude .
i like the umbrellas on the ceiling , but the food isn't my favorite . it is ok , not awesome .
the only beef they have are way way way way way too sweettttttt but the staffs are good
expensive for average food . but hey , there's a pirate ship ! inside ! and a nearly dead alligator !
pretty standard bar . good beer selection at pretty good price . they have jenga and trivia . i'd go back .
the food is phenomenal , but they are very lax with their mask wearing
great food . super slow svc . but it was a holiday weekend so they were slammed .
it is what it is .
nice atmosphere , but the food and the service are mediocre . nice spot if you're just enjoying drinks and an appetizer .
they serve hershey's ice cream . wish they would support one of the many massachusetts based creameries richardson's , bliss . .
don't get their carne asada fries . there's a lot of other things they make well though
cherrywood burrito is good . horchata is good . prices are too high for the small portions . service medium to bad .
just got a slice .
the owner is really funny . folksy dude . real sarcastic . the veggie korma rocked .
friend brought me here . fun atmosphere . very cool bloody mary bar
poke quality was good and ambience was nice . garlic ponzu was too salty and price too high , however .
pretty good pizza , although i've had better . i wouldn't say is was fantastic , but just alright .
the crepes were good just wish they were more filling in them . the frappe was delicious
too expensive for what you get and not authentic . there are much better places in town
ordered a lunch special to go , for i guess i shouldnt have expected much . it was just ok .
tasty food and great service . i wouldn't go here for drinks though .
food is good but over priced . service is ok but not friendly . overall weird vibe to the place .
greasy ! good flavor but greasy ! i would probably visit again for breakfast but not so much for the burgers
pretty standard . large portions , good food .
great hookah , great prices , place is dirty , no alcohol .
the prosciutto pizza and service were great . really enjoyed the caesar salad . pasta not as much . specifically the lasagna bolognese .
ate outside on the patio and enjoyed the island music and the food was pretty good too !
food was good , drinks were better . every employee was super nice which made the experience very inviting and comfortable .
food here is usually always on point . fries were over cooked and soggy . burger was dry and over cooked .
slowest chick fil a drive through i've ever been in . wouldn't recommend for fast service if you're in a hurry .
the concept of serving just noodles is brilliant however , the food is overpriced for the quality of the meal .
lots of trees and plenty of room but no water available unless you count mud puddles .
this place has ok coffee , nothing special . tasted a lot like starbucks just slightly less burnt .
enjoyed the setup of this place . i didn't get a chance to eat here , however the nightclub scene was nice .
sub par service and food . almost seemed like as though if we weren't the regulars , we were paid no attention .
food was middle of the road . theme and decorations are the best parts . dessert was great . wouldn't visit again .
love their soups , sandwiches . but rude staff . ditzy blonde girl ! duh . pity it's got a good menu
it's convenient . and pretty tasty . nothing spectacular , but not horrible !
this restaurant is now closed and they are converting it to a killer burger . sorry hatch
food was fun and inventive but service was painfully slow . could not recommend this spot .
my favorite stop when staying downtown or the back bay . impressive food and good daily specials .
this place is slow and the clerks would rather argue with the customer instead of retrieving products .
not bad but my tastes run differently . the staff is excellent and willing to help however they can .
this is okay tex mex food . nothing special for central texas .
shows promise , only if the inside were as big as it looks on the outside . it was educational and fun .
solid oysters . hot food hit or miss . great vibe and people . hit it before and after a game
inexpensive dive what you see is what you get . this place is pretty alright if you're into the scene .
food was good , prices were crazy , service was pretty darn slow considering how un busy it was at the time .
first time coming here after hearing all the 'hype' . i'm not really satisfied . i enjoyed my drinks though .
yummy , but wait was twice as long as the estimate . the service was great and got our food quick .
great venue , very subpar food and cocktails . for half the price it might be ok for dinner .
pretty good . got some brisket and ribs to go . ribs were very tender and delicious .
overpriced ! chicken sandwich and barely any fries not worth it . have to try the sushi i guess .
cheap beer , check ! chicken nachos , check ! pretzels and cheese dip , check ! not a bad place .
great donuts . but too sweet for me . definitely worth a try for the creativity .
contains a large selection of numerous common asian dishes . i would highly recommend the roti canai .
for crab dumpling ! a bit rich but great appetizer !
i had ice latte without sugar . it's good . the only weak point is that it doesn't have wifi .
half price menu ! plus , get yourself incredibly happy with the awesome dark n' stormies .
drinks are awsome except our fries and sriracha wings are over salted , can't eat everything i ordered cus too salty ,
northshore mall chinese food which was okay . it's decent when you're in the mood for some quick takeout .
very good seafood restaurant . they have a good raw base and provide us various kinds of oyster and clam .
first time here , not bad . i got the lemon pepper wings , fries , and drink for . not bad right . good prices .
to clarify , the quality of eric's pictures were good , however , his service needs to be greatly improved .
good pizza . wish the crust was thicker , but it was good flavor with plenty of toppings that taste fresh .
great bar , terrible boring beer selection , come on guys get wuth the craft revolution !
clean , great selection , a must for larger girls looking to be chic and stylish .
not bad gelato , they make you register with your email for wi fi though and their seats are kinda gross .
its not that bad . i beats getting stabed at tiki . better food too .
it was pretty good . gumbo isn't made with real roux . hen was tough . socratta rice was good .
. stars ! good food , a bit greasy for us . friendly service . street parallel parking . smaller indoor seating and bar .
the food is just okay at dinner time . ambiance is perfect for a family or an older crowd .
nice atmosphere , decent prices and ok food . good spot for beer , football and food .
my daughter ordered from my phone and it was not what she order . they blended the drizzle into the frap
nice little hotel in a great location . staff were friendly and did i say great location ? ! ? !
had the jamaican jerk chicken sandwich . it was quite good but honestly with no fries ?
good burgers , but if they come with chips , that's just sacrilegious . great servers .
very small eating space where my chair was bumped multiple times and also a very loud area . mediocre food .
clam chowder was great ! oysters and clams , meh ! not worth the wait , you can find better .
chicken was very overdone , told it would be minutes , ended up being about , waffle was cold
it was nice but too hard . they stepped on me but did ask if i had prior back problems
just okay
great coffee with an option of a distilled spirits chaser . lots of plugs to power up .
this place is overrated . the carnitas are ok , but the chicken dishes are bland . they need to spice it up !
sushi here was okay . good for a fast food style sushi place . i ordered a few rolls and sashimi .
really busy restaurant , looks pretty cool but the taste is so so . good for one time visit
typical middle eastern cuisine . the belly dancer was hot . my chicken kabob plate was cold .
thank you letting customers now order at the table . i've been twice in the last two weeks .
kinda like going to get drinks at your friend's dingy poorly decorated house . and your friends only take cash .
the traffic is so much better on the turnpike , but they likes these roads ! expensive tolls
small place . authentic british atmosphere . tables . not associated with chain . decent food .
perfectly solid fast casual food . friendly staff . would return .
free sample of nacho with queso sauce .
decent greek salad . yummy veggilicious pizza .
i expected more seafood selections . kinda disappointed . i got one of the rice bowls , it was pretty good
latte was ok but bitter . i prefer starbucks . hubby had black coffee and described it as watery .
have driven by for years , tended to be more of a mcminimins kinda person . nice choice , good service , great ciders !
nice location with a convenient meeting room . friendly staff but service can be fairly slow at times .
another visit . another order of baked pork chop on rice another doz of wife cakes . another full belly
food was really greasy . not my favorite place . i wouldn't go unless you really enjoy traditional southern food .
massage chair was awesome . it's different from my usual mani pedi i usually get in nyc .
new location and seems to be operating much better . i've eaten the vegetarian pho twice now and it's pretty good .
cute little place with colourful decor ! food is good and flavourful ! love their complimentary tea .
there is a girl who looks like black china lol great drinks
head to another steakhouse , this place isn't that good and is a huge rip off !
came to play pool but they were closed for a private event . wish there was signage on the door !
perfectly serviceable utility pizza . by no means a destination meal , but not unpleasant .
simple , quick , fast . nothing spectacular but nothing too bad . it serves its purpose . the strawberry smoothie i had was alright .
cute small coffee shop , a little over priced but good coffee , friendly staff and good environment
food was okay but service was bad . waitress took forever to serve and wasn't looking happy .
seems like a cool place with the modern 's decor . butter cookie the i ate in bite . meh .
nice bank . the tellers are always friendly and fast . it's easy in and out too .
service was better . eggs were terribly cooked poached eggs were basically hard boiled inside . booooooooooo .
we went during the day . so maybe we missed the crowd effect . idk nothing special .
decent dim sum but nothing spectacular . super busy so get there at a decent time .
it was good . the orange chicken was great . sweet and sour was different . probably won't go back . nice people though .
stars at best . very average , poor salsa , rundown looking , poor service . wouldn't recommend .
lots of green space . wooden play structure for older kids . nothing appropriate for a toddler other than two swings .
update basho has discontinued their sushi happy hour . boo ! i'll still visit for a cocktail occasionally , though .
red curry spicy . more turmeric . average . more students . minutes to get ready patient to wait
this is your typical americanized mexican restaurant . the food is fine , not even close to being authentic . good margaritas .
just a grocery store , and definitely a letdown from their exaggerated marketing .
first time at nori nori . kind of remind me if a japanese themed golden corral but not as nice .
very good and reasonably priced sushi . ask chef kenda for hamachi belly . toro quality varies . good rainbow roll .
easy , fast , overpriced like any other starbucks . limited seating , friendly service and long but quick lines .
cool spot nice atmosphere , the food was good but i think the waitress forgot about us . lol .
the green goddess was a bit too salty . their smoothies was great though .
pretty overrated and overpriced . soco the people are nice though !
better for takeout than eat in it's a really tiny boston market . the service was alright .
mixed thoughts . good food overall favorites baked mac and cheese cajun dry rub and olive oil spicy slap jo' mama
ehhhhh quality has gone way down . i still will order occasionally but am looking for something new . bummer !
great place to get a burger and a beer lots of tvs yada yada yada you know what i mean
i've tried the cuban , mortimer i believe , and some other super popular one . pretty good .
nice people . good salsa . slow service . breakfast tacos were decent , but there are much better tacos elsewhere in austin .
nice atmosphere food was just ok . maybe i'm spoiled by the great seafood in florida .
the frozen custard just didn't hold up to ted drew's in st . louis . the burgers were yummy however .
had the titan and soup . both were ok . did enjoy the open air environment .
their name is misleading . it's actually a szechuan restaurant . solid food .
yogurtland is our favorite but this would be second . clean place and the yogurt is pretty decent compared to yogurtland .
great fried deviled eggs chicken was not great . low flavor smores pie was good , not great cool atmosphere
s a l t y . three different ramens and gyoza that we ordered are salty . again it's very salty !
lots of men . dingy . not much in the way of sunlight . but good membership rates .
not as good as pho spice
great set up . nice staff full service laundry .
this location is closed for remodeling . so is the la fonda next door . so more construction in buckhead . . yeah not !
food good , service poor . most of the staff were not actually interested in helping the customers .
predictable , proficiently executed italian food . nothing great but not screwed up . i'd come back .
the lamb panini was good . the service could be faster at lunch with such a small crowd .
the food is still decent , but it got a lot blander over the last few months . spice it up , guys !
good food but is not good if you are starving . the portions are ridiculously small and very pricey .
it's pretty good compare to other american chinese food , not so close to authentic but what do you expect ?
tasty pizza . but , there's too much salt in the sauce . i almost gagged ion the 'white' pizza .
good food , great ambiance , very decent service close to home . we liked this place very much .
cute location and pretty atmosphere . wine was decent but too expensive . tastes for .
banchan is great but bbq is just ok . go to burlington bbq for pork belly and other bbq .
they could use more let room . when the passenger reclined i was crushed .
great margaritas but mediocre food . there are definitely better spots for tex mex in austin .
bland . beans look a bit pallid and none of the cheese is engaging in that cool melty activity . meh .
waited a bit too long but food was decent enough ! a good late night option if you want to dine in .
good service , good food . diiirrrrtty bathrooms . don't go in or you'll ruin your appetite .
who's ideal was it to put the baskets at the door ! at least place them where they can be seen .
foods are good but prices are not so friendly . still a good restaurant to check if you're around assembly
fashionable shoes at low prices that don't last well two or three months at most .
great deal for oil changes . be weary of their add on sales .
very good massage , but hectic reception area kills the relaxing vibes .
the noodles were good but i don't why pad thai tasted exactly the same as indonesian one .
decent local pizza place . subs are pretty good too . the dining area is great for a pizza shop .
overrated ! plenty of other classic great steakhouses in atlanta . service was good . brussel sprouts were undercooked and under flavored .
the reading was somewhat true but some of it did not make sense !
panera ? ha ! more like pantana
they changed the size of the cheesecake but not the price very expensive but nice environment
did not like it , the food was overcooked , and very dry . the servers are really nice though .
a warm and friendly environment . i enjoyed their sausage and mother enjoyed her bacon . a solid local restaurant .
apparently , this place is closed now . drag ! it had decent fish and chips .
the women servers in the bar are great . good food .
they have good pie . and chicken wings . and sweet tea .
painfully slow at lunch . never a problem for dinner . but great food so it's worth the wait and price .
delicious . but , bad services . i asked for the water many times , it delivered when we finished
free wi fi , nice room , but no complimentary breakfast . microwave at lobby and no fridge at room
their wonton noodle is very tasty !
decent location and friendly staff . prices are still significantly higher than home depot .
lamb laffa was ok . i think the wrap had too much going on and ended up muddying the flavors .
hidden behind the hyatt's second floor lobby . there is access from the convention center's driveway .
decent pho . ? wow . seems like a crime to pay that much for such simple ingredients .
good atmosphere , good drinks , great service but food is average . i'd definitely go back .
good food , weird service , nice drinks good brussels sprouts good brisket nachos menu changes at
good food , great mood , nice satff
awesome venue , massive beer list , and slightly underwhelming food .
mediocrity at its finest , inexpensive tho . go if u want very non standout food for cheap
clean and well organized . it's a kohl's , you know what they're like .
of my favorite things are lukewarm pizza , and sticky drink glasses , so i was very pleased
food is blah at best . the only reason to visit is for the atmosphere . great for teens
the garlic knots were delicious . the pizza was okay . ordered pineapple on my pizza and the pineapples tasted funny .
mobile orders are fine and typically decent quality . the manager is kind of a dick . whatever .
as fair as airports goes , it is okay . could use some better signage .
not bad . a solid average mexican place . the sangria is not homemade . the salsa is good . the fajitas aren't bad .
the food was great but it took our server er min to bring coffee out , just a tad bit disappointed .
cheap , solid breakfast what's not to like ?
your normal everyday ihop . slide on in to a booth and grab a sweaty stack of pancakes !
got the tuna sandwhich . it was decent . pretty straightforward , nothing super memorable . just a solid sandwhich .
food is good , usually a good experience , but nastasha sp ? was one of the worst servers i've ever had
food is decent with a lot of more upscale choices . great place to see the fireworks pretty expensive
food is tasty here but i feel like it always takes forever for my party to get our food .
good cheap breakfast spot . relatively quick too . just the right amount of surly .
awesome for kids great outdoor feel . food is always just okay .
good fresh food . different than your ordinary breakfast place . very good and pleasant people .
appetizers a drinks a atmosphere a service c main dish c value c
good food . the sauces are always a problem . they legit gave me bbq sauce in a container
pizza is pretty decent . subs and calzones are pretty good as well .
decent sushi . great service . fun location .
nice food bit more expensive than i thought it would be , friendly staff , fast service .
taste good but i think it's a bit overpriced . large pretzel was . . nothing special .
great beer , great burger , super tasty homemade salad dressing , very friendly attentive service . unbearably loud !
food was decent but i got a cup with lipstick mark on it . which is quite disgusting .
guacamole was good , but everything else mediocre and all was overpriced . drinks were tasty and server was nice .
really good bbq , great atmosphere , and delicious sides . the pork loin is excellent , as is the spicy sausage .
i liked the food court
kind of creepy vibe when you go inside and they forgot my avocados but it's a cool concept .
pretty average won't be blown away but won't be disappointed . strictly take out unless you like eating in bus stations .
i wasn't blown away . they looked cool but tasted pretty average . not worth the line we waited in .
decent crazy donuts , i like the non downtown location better .
it was pricey for dinner bucks , it is a large portion . i've had better greek good .
very quick service dine in and take out . good food , but not consistently good .
hey did i just miss my plane . no , seriously .
food is good . could be better . the waiter is very friendly and that's why i'm coming back .
the yellow curry , nothing to write home about . get the pad see yew . haiku review
great deals on veggies and fruit but you have to check the quality .
food and service was good but their squid ink pasta was wayyy too salty for us .
overpriced for some basic ramen . manhattan prices in harvard square are expected , but a bowl of noodles ?
chicken carbonara should have been called cardboard nara . not good at all . i wouldn't recommend this place really gross .
odd cool weird mega hip sparse good drinks nice bar lady sterile mixed feelings to be h
the ice cream was okay and a little overpriced . not a lot of seating and the line was pretty long .
i wish i could give them . instead service was good , food was bad , and ambience was terrible !
appetizer duck was excellent . beef entree ok . cocktail not great . ambiance ok but not so authentic of invested .
nice little place with decent coffee nothing fancy . the bakery stuff has been a little stale lately .
great food but not the best imo . location is good with good seating area . will go back though
they finally returned my money and said it was a mistake on their part .
if you absolutely don't care about the customer service then this is not a bad place to dine .
cheese fries were on point . burger was decent . not a bad spot , good drinks . i enjoyed it .
it's not worth it for the detailing but definitely for the wash and free vacuum .
delicious beers from others , can't wait until they start brewing their own
great place for gluten free items !
typical starbucks . people on computers , doing what ever it is that they do . lots of coffee with high caffeine content .
nice but definitely for a more mature crowd . not for people in their teens or twenties
not sure what's going on here . turnover in the kitchen ? not the same food quality has normal .
slightly upscale version of ihop . no complaints other than the long wait which is again no different than ihop .
typical diner food . great hours , friendly service and always packed .
it's close to ritz carlton and good bar to drink . food is mixture of american and japanese . they have sushi .
the only good thing i've had here is the beer , food was kind of mediocre , service was slow .
food was decent but wayyyyy too expensive for sandwiches in the middle of forest park .
good atmosphere but average sushi . service was great ! i wasn't really impressed by the sushi though .
it's ok . not the best i've ever had , but ok for a fast fix to my jamaican food craving .
awesome place great selection of beer and some pretty good lunch specials can be a long wait during timbers games
i think it was pretty chill , little aged and tired and super non . happy bartender . drinks too much i think .
amazing food and friendly servers . the food is worth it's price ! service was a bit slow but friendly !
hours are wrong online and on yelp . they open at am not am . here's to waking up early for nothin' .
decent chinese food at a decent price decently located next to a decent neighborhood .
great food . not too expensive . friendly service . no utensils . uncomfortable seating .
decent , clean for a quick bite . service was alright too .
update ichecked with hubby no adjustment was made for entree error . should have adjusted his tip !
decent food for vegetarians . should try the vegetarian platter and the baklava for sure !
great breakfast and old style diner . no complaints , skip ihop go to jims .
standard club . clean bathroom . quick service at the bar .
it was good . but i'll be honest the popeyes chicken sandwich is better . difficult to find parking .
something about the grill makes all of their sandwiches taste the same . wait staff was extremely cold
food is ok , not so great . nice place with outside seating . staff was friendly and very welcoming .
the cannoli was pretty good but probably won't be back because of the rude crabby lady who took our order .
normal disney character toys along with star wars and avengers toys . prices are not outrageous .
yummy but plian fries or salad and some moe seating llllll lll lllj hhhhhhhhhhh bbbb bbbbbbbbbbbbbbhghgggggggggggggggggg
i did receive a response from someone from ih . thanks for reaching out but we have since moved .
does not understand english well . messed up my order . does not have the green sauce anymore that i like .
fried rice yum . noodle dish a ok . fast service at am ? can't complain .
cold donuts at pm . other experiences at this location have been better and friendlier . enough said for now .
good environment but wait staff acted like they were too cool for school .
eh . food was fair , bland . street corn was cold in the middle . drinks and service were good .
very fast , clean , reseaonable and nice ! good work too , the location has plenty of parking right behind the historical society .
like that they have many varieties of plants . with lack of help from staff it is hard to navigate around .
had the pumpkin pancakes . didn't taste much pumpkin and not fluffy , very flat . just ok . the apple fritters were delicious
i've always had exceptional service and great food . i mean . for a waffle house .
food is average . taco night is not worth it . feels like a chain .
i wasn't overly impressed with the flavor of the rice . ambience and waitstaff are great . located near interesting shops .
i enjoyed my veggie quesadilla except for this wire embedded in it . fortunately , i didn't swallow it .
i loved the wood fired pizza . it tasted good and unique with its flavor . i loved the crust .
the pho is only ok . i also had quial here once , it was actually surprisingly good . the rest is average .
service was super slow and infrequent . nice place inside though and the food was good . generous portions .
the toys r us of the music world . lots of selection , esp guitars at centre . rentals in the back .
nice courses but per person for cart rental ?
busy place and had to stay in line for about mins . food was alright . not great for big group .
not a bad little corner shop to get caffeinated mid shopping . nice touch , nordstrom . nice touch .
not good . meatloaf tasted dry and burnt . mashed potatoes were runny with zero flavor .
food is great ! however , customer service was absolutely horrible . it was eat and run ! i haven't returned .
eclectic mexican doesn't do it for me . however , it's always full . they must be doing something right !
classic american fast food . retro 's diner . full house during lunch . has it's own parking lot .
lunch buffet items are great but the dinner orders are horrible and not upto the standard .
selection is fine , but well over priced . did some comparison shopping and tower had them well beat .
good coffee . weird atmosphere though . seems like a library in there . don't say a word unless ordering .
excellent for boar's head sandwiches , otherwise typical convenient overpriced neighborhood corner store .
clean fast service . mild thai flavors . not a great value . good place for quick lunch . good chocolate martinis . nice atmosphere .
a great variety of flavors . tried and really liked the caramel salt lock .
way to much money for a simple sandwich and nowhere to sit . really good pickles though .
great bar food and ambiance ! i found the price somewhat reasonable . excellent location .
nice casual environment . little pricey , but good food .
food is ok . nice neighborhood environment and lots of tv screens so great for game nights ! also really strong drinks !
the only one that i thought was great was the margherita francesca . its quite good .
not many people eating there for lunch on sunday . the food is ok , but not impressive .
decent croissants , coffee is middle of the road . greatthat they are licensed
amazing selection of wines at good prices . sunday brunch is good , mimosas and bellinis . bottles are off on sundays .
not bad , quick friendly service with fair prices .
kick arse margs and better than average food .
lobster tacos were tasteless and the flour tortilla was hard . the fries were good that's about it .
the food was delicious , but very spicy . i loved the garlic naan bread ! great atmosphere !
nice hotel , very up to date and friendly service .
great service , cold beer .
nice people . sticky menus . minimal vegetarian food .
pretty decent italian take out food . pizza and roasted eggplant fusilli were ok . they need more salt in their food .
i'm so sorry but this is not deep dish . thought y'all should know . i'm not mad just hungry
not bad at all . the food was good and the staff was polite . the restaurant was also clean .
no extra buns came with delivered food at employment . not fun with all the meat and no bun .
great service ! food was average . atmosphere was ok . could improve . great selection of hot sauces , if you like that !
nice facility and well kept . but it appears like a converted shopping mall because , well , it is .
they wasn't honest to me . i'm sorry guys . hope you improved . thx
nothing special . reception is indifferent and food offerings are poor and poorly presented .
love the food but the line is toooooo looooong ! the wait takes away from the whole experience ! to bad
a nice place to stay for the price . good free breakfast , comfy beds , friendly staff . met our expectations .
the curry is ok , doesn't have the fragrance of curry . the best was tandori chicken and mango lassi .
lobster rolls are always a scam , their shrimp or crab rolls are a better value and quite decent .
i ordered the no . bbt , half sugar . still really sweet . and the bottle is smaller compared to other bbt places
unique flavors , cute environment , pretty pricey , long lines .
grrrr can't have my coffee here while i study not liking the library police .
ramen for the student crowd i suppose . it was ok , but meshikou on bethel has tastier and better priced ramen .
it's an okay coffee place . mocha is serviceable , but nothing to write home about . no light roast either .
i want in a pho mood so i ordered beef vermicelli . it came out quick and it was soooooo delicious !
the food is good , but like most other reviewers the employees are rude and short with the customers .
beautiful decor and a warm place . food is just average . might try their teas in future .
good coffee shop . need to improve on wait time and be more aware . took min to get a bagel
they are just ok if you are in the neighborhood . wings are meaty . don't like their sauces .
its good , decent slices and an excellent chicken wrap !
came here for brunch on a weekend morning . great atmosphere and outdoor seating . food was solid but a little pricey .
a haiku review of nite hawk came on santacon . staff handled the big crowd well . get the clam chowder .
the self service suishi is helpful when you are in a hurry . decent food good pricing . fends off hunger .
food was good . commication is a big issue . floor is not clean , and no one to clean tables .
teas are really good here , but they're really slow . took over mins for a cup of regular hot tea .
cents for fork and a bag . chocolate patisserie was ordinary . three layer mousse .
went with a friend for the lunch buffet . pretty dang good !
i had a vanilla latte and a feta spinach scone they were good but nothing special .
. for pork ramen bowl . for cup of noodles . for hipster atmosphere so worth it !
they don't have frozen yogurt anymore ! bummed ! where can i find it in dtx ?
perfectly serviceable edamame and red curry .
the view is nice , but the drinks are horrible . the cocktails look good , but taste bad and are expensive .
not that great . waffles were hard to cut . scrambled eggs were burnt . service was very good , place was clean .
always liked coming here but it is just so expensive and the food is decent but declining in quality .
see pics
decent brunch . be warned that the tables suck they are way too small . sit at the bar instead .
it was ok . food good , not particularly memorable . service fair . with other great breakfast options avail we'll pass .
fine theater . stadium seating . good food options nearby . a little bit dark projection .
good place to chill and grab a bite , i would recommend .
of the dishes we got , the standout was the bucatini with hazelnut pesto , that was amazing for taste .
very meh , i really wanted to find some unique local piece to bring home but nothing caught my eye here .
tiny expensive ice cream . but the ice cream is good .
decent place , employees are okay . food quality is average . pastries are very good though .
try the fried plantain . limited beer selection but a great place to listen to live music and salsa dance .
nice interior , atmosphere and service . the ramen and maki are not bad , but not really impressive either .
customer service is alright but could be better , i felt rushed . kind of pricey , good parking .
needs more shops and getting in and out of there is kinda a nightmare . but it ok overall
hair image increased price to . i think i will look for another place for threading .
the food was good but service tonight was shaky . maybe another evening service is much better but no denying food
decent but there are better options in terms of service
it didn't impress me overall . nothing outstanding . food was just average and the atmosphere quite basic .
still the dependable , when your starving craplebee's ! you guys know how this place rolls ! mmmmmmmm ! ?
reliable above average food , a go to for a solid breakfast at a reasonable price .
egg in blanket were over done otherwise place was nice i would go back . lunch and supper menu looks good .
not the best , but definitely not the worst in orlando . not very clean hotel . very simple .
the owner wrote me and apologized for the poor service . i appreciate him taking the time to do that .
good salads , but the pasta dinners are sub par . sandwiches subs are average . friendly service .
this place was more hype than anything . the food was decent but service was horrible .
nerds , rejoice ! radioshack is being rebranded as the shack ! now it will be cool to shop there again ! p
i appreciate the local products , interesting choices and friendly staff but this restaurant is expensive and unimpressive .
i had the ancient fried rice . overall the dish was pretty standard , but the duck stood out as being well executed .
view is great , drinks are good , food is mediocre .
not bad but not great . customer service is boss . machete was gone . haiku review
the mili crepe strawberry was good . no place to sit or eat there . take care of that part elsewhere .
good beers and friends . fire up a delicious smoke after heading down to the cigar bar . slaunte
lots of food . not my idea of real italian . but ok . love the decorations , the sangria and the celebration cake .
get the house burrito with a chile relleno inside . yummers .
fantastic irish bar ! love the beer selection and great bangers mash !
fun and tasty flavors but icy texture , super sweet , and expensive . not my favorite local creamery .
i had a mis alignment with customer service expectations , food is excellent however it is expensive .
cute place , service is questionable , food selections need to be expanded . pricing is a little high and parking is impossible .
pretty good quality but way too little gravy for the amount of dry stuff biscuits and chicken for my liking .
good taste but bit greasy . calamari is great !
wasn't bad , but is not exceptionally good either . pretty run of the mill food like denny's .
grabbed some fish on the way to wolfcreek amphitheater . can't go too wrong with fried fish .
decent comfort food and a short but good list of beers on tap .
chips and salsa awesome . drinks stiff . food not bad .
service is usually good . however , the location is a little small and almost always too crowded .
good food , service has gotten a little slower lately for takeout so dropped one star imo
city bar ? more like sh ybar . ask for jean baptiste .
the location is just ok . the staff friendly . however , the pedicure chair . arm rail . was broken and the water was cold .
very average indian food . everything tastes and looks the same . not bad food , just average .
the place smelled walking in and didn't seem clean . the server seemed scattered , but the chocolate chip cookie was good
. for half a turkey wrap ? ! you sell full croissant sandwiches for . . quit taxing people for being healthy .
came on a sunday afternoon . fine but nothing special . relatively limited menu . some fun areas to sit and hang out .
food was not good enough to come back taste like any ordinary chinese take out place plus service was mediocre
another solid pearl street bar . they have a well stocked bar , decent service , and a rooftop with plenty of seating .
long wait and show service . had the boudreauxs breakfast with crawfish was pretty good . fun drinks .
appreciated the food being less oily and more health conscious , but the buffet was not very tasty .
special balck sugar milk tea . it is too sweet . may not try next time .
hire people that can communicate with people . i think a little too overpriced but we had a good time .
desserts yes coffee no if you want chocolate cake married to tiramisu then go here . yum .
service is a hit or miss but you can't beat the incredibly inexpensive burgers served here .
great selection . but no one asked if i needed help . mmmmh . ok
the band was an asshole , music was pretty lame . bartenders were great though and the beer selection was good .
fun place to hang out . they have the best margaritas ! the servers and bartender are very friendly .
mimosas and amazing omelets . the service sucks but the outdoor section the texas round make it fairly decent
ambiance was nice but hot inside . food was good .
the dessert is amazing . but the onion rings were dull add salt .
fancy reserve location come here for your annual free brithday drink
decent service and portions . coffee is horrible and bacon is very much like processed microwave bacon .
food was ok , nothing great . staff was extremely friendly and the place had a great vibe .
had thanksgiving dinner at fleming's tonight . lee road location . see my review there .
horrible customer service . all employees have attitudes and takes forever to get your food . good food though .
amazing patio . great scenery . little pricy for unique food . good social atmosphere . watch out for peddlers begging
its . . for a drink , variety of pizzas , not the best but its only . . content
msg is everything ! average food , outback , and longhorn has better food , hence better value .
somewhat pricey for an order of okay xiao long bao , but the wait staff was friendly .
nice but a bit pricey . not the best manicure i've had either . polish is lumpy on my nails .
the sail loft is just an okay time . nothing to write home about .
good check in deal . cute little nook in a convenient location .
clever names and donut designs , tastes like your run of the mill donuts .
attentive service , a good beer list , lots of sports on multiple tvs .
good happy hour menu , the drinks are okay .
it was ok . not exceptional . a little better than red lobster ! bone fish grill better
service was alright . the waiter didn't seem to be too engaged . didn't like my expireifnce .
a solid , decent , consistent , quality neighbourhood staple .
my hairstylist left , and after a few lousy cuts , i decided to follow her .
good food and great atmosphere ! the prices are a little steep but it's expected for harvard sq .
great looking bar . quiet neighborhood . horrible wings . unless you like over peppered , over salted and undercooked . otherwise , chill place .
like fast food , it will do if you're in a hurry . friendly service , family friendly atmosphere . my kids like it .
wondering if anyone knows what happened at this location ? went yesterday and saw it was closed surprised to see that .
they have literally everything on their menu , which hints that you can't expect much quality .
i like the atmosphere and the service but honestly i don't like small portions ! that's my personal opinion
sometimes the subs are really good , and other times they have absolutely no flavor and barely edible .
the train is super cool ! the service is good as well . but the food is worth just stars .
decent burger . sweet potata tater tots ! yum . big beers .
the airport itself is two stars but ralfenia ward who works for delta is definitely stars !
nice atmosphere but really bad foods . mushy pasta rubbery seafoods are overcooked . just not worth the price .
love this place ! service is amazing . it's great if you have any cravings for a sandwich
over rated . over priced . watched the bakers mix the dough with the garage door open to the street . code violation ?
took my wife here on a date and was fine nachos and a couple beers relaxing .
nothing really stood out for us . i think it's quite pricey for what it offers .
good choice , product was fresh , and the service was friendly . not a lot of seating though .
good selection . as with any buffet , it's good but not great . good assortment of sushi .
no frills golf range with maybe covered stalls . open all year round bucket th free . nice people
nothing special , but it is by far your best japanese option in the square at a reasonable price .
quality definitely is related to the experience of the students , and many don't do men's haircuts often .
as expected . good guac . good ice tea with simple syrup side . proceed .
oysters are cheap and lovely , very local . caesar salad drenched in mediocre dressing and anchovies strangely bland .
roof top bar ! decent mexican with full bar which makes it way better than chipotle . and very cheap !
quick in and out spot . great prices . good food in the downtown area . great for quick bite
the brisket and sausage plates are okay , but the rest of the menu is pretty mediocre .
very basic interior , but very reasonable prices and quick service . she did a good job on my shaggy dome .
excellent margs and beers , pedestrian mexican food . the guacamole is above average . a local favorite
decent place for vada pav and pani puri but could definitely do with a lot more flavor !
fast and fresh , but not remarkably delicious . just basic salad with sirloin and the fixings .
this place was okay , a little pricey and the service was just okay .
service was good but the food was only so so . our breakfast came a bit cold . might give it another try .
canoli with ricotta and chocolate chips was a ok , nothing spectacular . mocha latte was small and not very sweet .
ambiance , history and veggies yummy . not a fan of the fried catfish and how do you mess up french fries ?
i really like yalhalla bakery , however their service is lacking over the last few months .
decent place , friendly staff the food was good . regular waffle house nothing special . !
good but blue star is better . probably more hype here than a great donut .
not my fav uo but its ok . its a bit disjointed and makes looking at all the merchandise overwhelming .
great place ! i'll make sure to come again ! the waitstaff is really great .
tiny plates of americanized thai food . drinks were great . i would come here for their cocktails .
food was ok . a little overpriced . cocktails were definitely overpriced and watered down .
okay food with not so awesome service .
wish the babimpap had more meat , it was only a spoonful while , the rest was veggies . sushi is always good .
just meh , nothing special in my opinion , from all the buzz i've heard over the years i was somewhat disappointed .
good sandwiches but overpriced and not much space to hang out not fun when outside temperature is !
sports pub . typical pub fare no complaints little spendy , a nice atmosphere good for a business lunch
i love the fact that they have a sushi buffet but the prices are a bit expensive .
veggie burger is cold and terrible . i got the nutella milkshake , which was alright . the waitress was nice though .
good simple tacos and mexican pastries on the airport run . inside a gas station but they have a few tables .
good doughnuts , i don't see why someone would line up for an hour to get them though . they're just doughnuts .
good step up from taco bell , this location was a little messy last time i visited .
nice clean environment , helpful service by karen the manager , food was decent , pricey for fast food .
potato's were the best part . i was a little disappointed with the service and the grits were tough and bland .
breakfast was pretty good . service was friendly and quick .
great store , good location . staff helped me with a special project and was very pleased with the results .
beautifully executed cake , easy to order over the phone looked better than it tasted though , sort of tasteless
the southwest salad was good , but nothing to write home about . the others in my party enjoyed their meals , though .
great great sushi ! dragon roll is awesome . always order to go
overrated . food was ok , service is fine . small space . drinks are awesome .
a haiku review of migration brewing new spot in northeast . great place for a summer brew . smoke lingers inside .
pizza was ok , wings were soggy . delivery service was very good .
it's a cool vibe but marginal food with muted flavor . it's not bad but not a highlight either .
these people work hard it's a cryin shame they only make something an hour it really is
had a combination bbq beef and spring roll bun for takeout not bad . cash only .
love the pizza but please take a look at them before you serve them , its clearly burnt
the bowl is great . however , because i ordered on uber eats . it came with very little stuff inside . very unfair .
it has some basic arts and crafts supplies . nothing special , really .
great nutella shakes , crepes are average
average equipment . not very up to date . no tanning here . i wouldn't shower in the bathrooms .
i got surprised when a bill was sent to our table during the breakfast buffet . we were charged each .
really just an average sports bar no more no less . zingers boneless chicken are very good . pretty good beer selection .
wife loved her tacos . i just was left hanging , probably because they forgot the rest of my order . good corn .
kinda rude staff , but completed my inspection quickly . stars , no more , no less .
i have been taking clients to food terminal for over months good food .
beware , hardly ever open on holidays and they never have accurate hours on their phone when they are closed .
not a bad spot for a coffee tea quick snack . but lacking in ambience , and pretty bland service .
good salads with an extensive selection of veggies and other toppings . wish it wasn't so obnoxiously expensive .
shanghai food but its cantonese style so i wouldnt recommend coming here for authentic shanghainese food
a plus for the bubbly voice in the drive threw , but everything else standard .
had the mussels and split a flatbread with friends . mussels good , flatbread meh . probably won't go here again . not impressed .
decent chinese food . funny kids working the register were awesome .
small place , small portions , long wait but nonetheless yummy ! recommend their chicken wings but will get their earlier next time !
overpriced for what it is , but couldn't help stopping in for some death metal and pizza
so so . food was good , nothing spectacular . decor was extremely out dated . the place needs a refresh . waiter was very nice .
i wouldn't quite compare it to real ny pizza but it's good pizza ! great customer service !
don't book on yelp , there was no option to book inside so when we arrived there was no table .
upon entering i was wondering why no one was there inside the parking lot . i found out why
homeless people and libraries go together like chicken and waffles . they are just fine seperate , but put them together . amazing !
great food for their prices ! three stars because service is slow !
food was ok , wait staff guided us into their choices not our decisions . great location and cool vibe overall .
watershed announced today that they will be closing august th . sad news for decatur .
granulated sugar does not go in cold brew . jesus . simple . syrup . bagels nice . well seasoned .
the service was attentive . the food was just ok entrees and appetizers didn't seem worth the hefty price tag .
good staff . food tasty . outside performer was good , but the quality of the sound system was bad .
this is a nice place aesthetically , however the food quality is definitely not worth the price .
great food . but who designed the place ? built for year olds . clientele . please do something about layout .
ah , they removed the one day internet fee from our bill . thanks .
i'm not sure what it's like during the night but the happy hour is super cheap and i likey .
pops had decent food , but now it appears to be closed , out of business .
asked for thai spicy and got it ! pretty good flavor curry little to watery for me
average sushi place with not too friendly service . not impressed by the quality of the food or prices .
rip , cokeside lounge . long live creekside lounge .
over priced , small portions , not real indian food , hipster portland eatery . i've had better .
pulled pork sammich , yum ! ambiance , meh . service , great !
great sushi burrito but takes a long time for delivery got bumped back twice . again amazing sushi burrito though !
quick and easy breakfast place . pretty good food , with a diner atmosphere .
overpriced and not as good as its hyped up to be . bring cookout to florida or go to burger !
have had great exsperiences at kinsale , the waitstaff is super attentive and the food is good , the guinness is awesome !
great place to go when you want above average dinner food . very accommodating , good service .
desiccant in my drink , no apologies . pork belly and clay pot prawn is good , spicy wing is salty .
clean and the rooms are quite big . it s a little bit expensive like every hotel in the usa
staff is always friendly . bbq can be more consistent .
good food , great atmosphere , i would suggest it if your staying at one of the epcot , mgm resorts
meh food with overpriced tag . nice location with courteous service . not the most prompt by a long stretch .
pizza was whatever and salad was whatever it's hard to compare to pizza when your from new york
gave me better attitude recently and i have better relationship with the owner . mark
so so italian food . the garlic knots are really good but the chicken parm is nothing to write home about .
service is great no long portion size healthy good no fresca wtf ?
excellent food preparations , if you are not very hungry and have lots of money to blow .
food was okay . nothing special about this place , service was lacking .
the pizza cheese is very chewy . great calzones though . great for eating in , nice atmosphere
they have a decent breakfast menu . i just wish they would offer a veggie burger or portobello sandwich .
portion is kinda small . their garlic miso ramen and cha shu rice are delicious but not amazing .
it looks promising , but i found coffee here to taste bland and muted generally .
best sushi on dunbar . nothing special about it , but decent ,
the food was decent , the atmosphere was really chilled and welcoming . the service was awesome .
food was awesome . bowling prices crazy expensive . will go back for the food but won't be bowling there again .
good service and friendly staff but extremely over priced for alterations !
decent bbq for the airport , but everything was consistently salty and a little dry .
cute spot convenient to library . staff was very friendly . tasty americano and nanaimo . no complaints .
good steak and prime rib . not a prime place , but good quality . salads fresh and crisp .
not super impressed . i like the one on krog better . this one is noisy and tables are crammed !
what happened to their chashu ? cubes ? come on . i sure do love their tatsuta age though .
better pho most other places in town . good bun and peanut sauce with spring rolls . service was meh .
great food . only giving it stars for the ridiculous wait . but that seems to be a portland tradition !
great coffee served by bohemian snobs .
a large variety of chinese seafood dishes . nothing especially tasty or unique considering the price .
i hope the beet , goat cheese , spinach sandwich is temporary , it's terrible !
decent . friendly . inexpensive . beware mike who only cuts your hair shorter than you ask .
hotel rooms are nice and pet friendly . breakfast was slow and service wasn't good at all today . location is great .
no wait , so that was nifty . nurse really nice and helpful . much more so than the dr .
good place to watch a hockey game and have appies . food is pretty good , typical bar food .
sushi was average . decor a little dingy and dated but food was affordable and service was attentive .
these cupcakes were pretty good . the original with the pink buttercream was just okay . the orange creamsicle was delicious .
love the food . but what happened to the composting and recycling ? isn't this boston local company ? big let down .
the rooms were comfy and the trader vics within the hotel was nice .
if you're sure you are going to die tomorrow , eat here for a tasty meal that will evaporate your pancreas .
this particular location is always buzzing and full of tourists . of course is in the heart of lake buena vista .
maudie's has good mexican but it's kind of inconsistent especially between restaurants . the enchiladas are delish though !
limited menu , but ingredients were very fresh and food was unique . the staff was very friendly .
nice mellow older crowd . food is consistently good . beer lovers can expect the good ole nw standbys .
good food , but overly priced . so crowded it's hard to seat and eat .
cheap stuff sometimes easier than hitting a grocery store
nice sitting outside in march . good burger and nice views
nice place , food is good , sttaf are nice
good food , nice people . it's not my favorite fish and chips , but it's fast and tasty .
i think the beer selection has gone way down hill . probably to make room for the annoying poker machines .
it's a really nice friendly and clean environment workers are very chill and often try to make conversation with you
the avocado toast with poached eggs was excellent . the waffles were good . the outdoor dining was in a parking lot .
have gotten sick off of the food . atmosphere was great though !
this is a great dining option for logan boston airport but not a great seafood option in general .
decent veggie burger for . good for takeout or a quick bite .
good food , friendly people and staff . nice atmosphere , nothing wow but still nice place .
pretty good pizza , prices aren't bad either .
hip gift shop , bit of all things cool and unique .
over priced , over salty lox , but they serve coke and cherry icee .
best at the animal kingdom for causal dining , nothing super remarkable but i like to avoid quick service
some cute clothes , but didn't really love anything in here .
their fajitas are always burnt beyond belief at this location ! seriously , so charred up it's ridiculous .
a lot of hype , lots of pampering , uneven , chipping nails , quite expensive . powder gel very thick and unnatural .
burgers are fine . coleslaw was good , but had peas , which was a little weird . it's ok , but not exceptional .
descent food , service as well . food is always good just not that special something . stars
good chicken wings . not very meaty but they are really tasty . chicken wraps are really good .
nice place to meet a friend for coffee or some chocolate cake
food is good . location is good . service can be really slow ! don't go there starving .
ingredients so fresh you'd think they were picked from a kitchen garden
kind of overpriced . food was okay . their mac and cheese is to cheesy and not creamy at all .
great beef tacos , pretty authentic . chips are good , salsa sucks . overall not bad and cheap !
pretty decent pizza . perhaps a bit pricey for what didn't look like super fresh toppings . still flavorful though
coolish local taproom sportsball pub . lots of local and imports on draught .
super chill on sunday afternoons , as in only two other people there but lots of local art on the walls .
nice selection of items on the healthier side . the portions are pretty small for the price but everything was tasty .
okay . it's neat don't get me wrong but it is not worth a two hour plus wait . fast pass it .
if you can get pass the crowds you'll find solid pastry and ok coffee at vicki lee's .
good place to grab a craft beer and some appetizers ! they have tons of selection .
the ramen is a good concept , but more protein and vegetables should come with this pricey lunch .
needs salt ! juices and pancakes are good . savory dishes have no seasoning at all . put salt on them .
bleeding fried chicken , no thanks . the ice cream was congealed . the salad was nice . better options in the area .
it's not exactly new jersey but it's as close as you'll get in texas .
decent food drinks , great atmosphere , terrible service . the end .
lobster was pricey and not too tasty . it's more foe wholesale not too good for retail customers .
the food is simple and overpriced , service is not fastest , the view is nice and place itself too .
excellent salesperson who was very knowledgeable and professional but the company's prices were outrageous .
nice place but topping bar is too small .
interesting place . it has everything , almost too broad .
the food was fine , and service quite courteous . but , the decor is old and dated . not an ideal setting .
the line was long and the burger wasn't bad it just a bit exaggerated . and it smelled like dog food !
very pricey ! the orange chicken was ok . it brought six tenderloins and vegetables . the rice is not included .
big portion , salty and greasy , but not bad in terms of taste and service . bad location , but good price .
pretty good seafood i had the monkfish medley . actually , everyone in our large group was satisfied with what they had .
only worth it with scout mob coupon . some decent dishes , some were busts . slow service . overpriced .
good not great but want to support these neighbors . will be our quick go to or take out place .
service isn't great and the food is so so . i'd go back if i happened to be in the area .
another great old school portland bar . very cool and charming in that lovable sleaze sort of way . ok food too .
nice colors . i hope to be a repeat customer
seems to have gotten better since the last time i wrote my review . better service , better site design .
fun spot . clean and service was good . cookies and add ins were good . always great to support a new place concept .
fun place and big . played shuffleboard while listening to folks karaoke . good times .
happy hour mac cheese and wine wednesdays . done and done . don't waste your time on any of the entrees .
tasty mix of traditional and slightly different mexican food . wait staff very friendly and attentive .
not bad , fresh ingredients etc but not amazing or anything . there is better drive thru mexican .
fun place to grab a quick beer
this a great denny's restaurant . the service is very sweet . the food always looks like the pictures in the menu .
great reuben sandwich and fries , paired with a great pint of terrepin's red ipa named , i think , mosaic .
i didn't care for the taco i got it was kinda bland . the sliders were really good though .
the med is simply over rated .
decent ice cream . the selection of flavors should be laid out better . a little pricey for what it is .
pizzas are great , but service is bad . if you don't mind a mediocre service go and enjoy the pizzas .
good place ! a little dark for the summer but the food , service and drinks were good .
who doesn't like fresh baked breads ?
the food is good , but it is nothing to write home about . the sides are better than the main dishes .
solid gobi manchurian the ohm burger rap was bland and lacked texture and the tempeh sandwich was one note .
great coffee and salmon bagel delicious waaaaaay too expensive and too many pre made sandwiches like a gas station .
the food was fresh . i decided to get the lobster grilled cheese . it was pretty good but it was expensive .
everything is super salty its inedible . im not kidding . makes u feel like shriveling up and dying .
it's not irish food , but its good . guinness was a little too cold but tasty . shepherds pie was yummy .
pretty good food , service was great . the murals on the wall are great of locations around the city .
makes u sleepy . the staff is nice and energetic , i think its because they didnt eat the food .
nice comfortable looking place . good service even on late saturday night early sunday morning . everything was great .
super cute place , comfy and cozy , donuts were alright . for me the reviews hyped it up .
lifelong fan of chipotle from denver . this location was very stingy on guacamole and chicken .
pretty good i got the course meal for bucks . nothing great about it . kinda bland .
delicious pizza ! need to work on customer service . manager and cashier weren't very friendly or helpful .
way better than vodoo with no line . worth checking out .
please for the love of god get rid of those dangling lights that block decent viewing of the t . v . s
new menu , food still ok not crazy but ok . needs more flavor .
good food but not worth the hour wait or the price . can't call in for reservations .
went for brunch twice . their food was just ok . the best part is the unlimited mimosas . servers were attentive .
decent amount of vegetarian dishes that can be made vegan by omitting dairy . nothing to write home about .
rotation wednesday is no longer occurring here but they still have great food drinks and a cool young adult crowd .
saturday cocktail server that serves the long wait lines outside only like to serve certain type of people !
great beer obviously however dining area needs a reboot to compete with neighboring breweries .
i order the kafta kabob sandwich , the best shawarma i had . strongly recommend this place , not far from neu
really cure decor . good drinks . the food was okay . fyi not very vegetarian friendly though .
only came hete for drinks but was very impressed with the atmosphere . always loved the theater district
it's . this place has been closed for years now . still one of brighton's mysteries .
it's a home improvement store with over priced products , not sure they deserve more than stars .
stopped for a quick iced coffee after an ica visit . crew wasn't too sociable but coffee was good .
its really freaking hot in here right now . like , ridiculously hot . sweltering . extremely sweltering . yeah . totally
best french fries that i've had in awhile ! they only accept cash but prices are reasonable .
average food , slightly overpriced . you can find better korean restaurants in the area .
good pizza , will be back . less sides and drinks next time . bill was a nosebleeder last time
came here on a sunday evening for drinks plenty to choose from . attentive service and average prices for buckhead area .
easy ! they give you the boxes and tape . super convienent . although the cancelling fee is a bit pricey .
great service . food was hot and quick . please come out and support our vets . love the theme
great coffee , ok breakfast , good service . facility could very easily be updated and made more interesting .
average to good tex mex . friendly staff . layed back atmosphere . i will go again on those lazy days .
service was too slow considering it's an airport and people are usually trying to grab a quick bite .
great environment , really nice and helpful waitresses . food not so much . great location for downtown bar hops ey
standard starbucks . always crowded , but the line moves quick and baristas get you drinks in a timely fashion .
it was ok . i probably wouldn't go again . the oxtail was more fatty than what i typically enjoy .
ok place good for watching games good was alright wings are decent service was good and very friendly
i ordered the saison with sunflower seeds golden flax , it is just ok imo .
very generic . however good service regular menu but very accommodating for big parties outside
yi ban ban . yu rou tai lao
good place to get your hair cut with friendly staff
great wings ! love the happy hour , great prices ! delicious margaritas live band is entertaining . the bathrooms need more attention
love besaw's breakfast and dinner . but they won't serve lunch before and that is a bummer .
i've been over charged and had orders with the wrong items . double check both before enjoying your food , unfortunately .
the jasmine matcha latte was okay . plenty of outlets , which was the best part . good location .
just went in . got a crap sandwich . they grunted at me a couple times . all set .
good not great . probably closer to . stars but def not .
food was just ok . i wouldn't be back . the staff was nice but the prices are high
the food is okay . the pot stickers were not very warm and i didn't receive any utensils or napkins .
great servers , cool atmosphere , lousy entertainment , hit or miss drinks , and decent food .
why does this place only have registers open on black friday ?
food is fab . beer selection is even better . service is unbelievably slow . management has some work to do .
typical chain . good drink specials decent food . like the patio .
the food is pretty good but it's a . taco tops and they charge . , simply not worth it .
definitely expensive , but what an array of cool , eclectic products !
love the interior and the music ! the pizza is overcooked and a little pricey . overall good experience .
busy airport . i find we either have a long layover or a run to the next flight experience here
expensive , small portions but lovely atmosphere . i look forward to going back in the summer to sit outside .
enjoyed chicken ceasar salad ! tator tots nice change to always eating fries with your meal .
platinum members would like healthier organic vegetables n appetizers n lots of melons etc for dinners concierge lounge please
pretty cool space and uber sweet employees on my one visit here , but sadly mediocre coffee . damn , st john's !
i am ihop lover . i always order chicken crepes . ! i came with my cousin late night after eight street party . !
the coffee is very good . the sugary nibbles are great . too many annoying hipsters .
cool old school location and decor , the food was standard american breakfast and lunch fair .
it's what you'd expect out of a small breakfast place . pancakes were not fully cooked . everything else was good
food was really good . great atmosphere but the service was a little slow . texas margarita was really good .
wasn't all that impressed . i was expecting food similar to the cambodian place in east boston . not even close .
food is decent . atmosphere is nice . not totally authentic asian food .
cool place with many options great drinks available . would recommend if you don't know exactly what you want
service is fast . flavor is too salty and packed with msg . pricey considering the portion is small . not impressive .
great service , good food , great price . garlic rolls are incredible ! portions are big , you won't leave hungry .
nice building . the staff are nice enough depending on the person . the product can really be hit or miss .
portions are small given the prices . to park ? good service and drinks though .
slow ass tacos should be there slogan . less a star for speed of service
closest gym to my folks house . worth keeping our hour membership for for when we travel . typical mcfitness setup .
nice space . interesting flavor combinations . overall not too bad . the owner was great and chatted with our table .
honestly , overrated . terrible house wine and the french dip had no flavor . fries were cold . maybe a bad day ?
chicken was lukewarm . gozya comes with meal , but it's not on the menu , so we ordered extra we didn't need .
the food wasn't that great . it would get stars , if not for the location view .
the food here was so so . good for a quick bite , but don't set your expectations too high .
good service , pretty good muchie food . i don't like sports .
almost feb . men time to play your part time to woo her . wow her pizza shaped like a heart
food is average and overpriced , service is ok . great place for drink , just don't order food .
beautiful lounge . flat bread was good , not great , but good . nice place to have quick drink .
the saltine crackers were stale . chris the short order cook is pretty cool . grill cheese and soup
this place has potential . they should spice up their dishes in the lunch buffet . everything we had was mild .
food outstanding service slow , one server for the entire place . situation might have been the boss
the strawberry shortcake is outstanding but customer service is lacking . expect the worse and you won't be disappointed .
food was bland , drinks were good . decor is nice . overpriced for what we got and not worth it .
good food service and location . ordered fish with sauce on side in case spicy . very friendly mgr
this place is ridiculously expensive . one dollar for bud ? what a rip off . happy opposite day .
foods ok . the service seems like it's better . seems like the company is striving to do better .
o . k place to get some rolls . it's decently priced for being on newbury . don't expect anything spectacular .
nice lively place , very divey . has a decent sangria and decent bar grub . had the burger which was ok .
started chipping within days . bummer ! i'll try another place next week and keep my fingers crossed .
went back in july and the pizza is much better . improving the rating for the improved quality .
good food . the gravlax was excellent . typical portland waitress 'tude , though .
the food was ok , nothing special . service was also ok . not going back anytime soon .
good place for poke . kinda pricey and the brown rice is undercooked .
awesome bookstore but whoa , overpriced food ! the veggie chili is delish but for bucks i want two bowls .
ouch ! million entertainment complex to replace motel caswell , fall .
not bad . way better than starbucks and a sharp poke in the eye . but not great .
nothing fancy breakfast place , fast service , dated but not charming interiors
dive bars cant get more then stars , but this is a top place to hang out . huge jenga .
not bad , used to be better . pricey pizza .
i usually go to ri deli bakerys . this place was just ok with bakery items with average deli .
soft doughy grocery store bagels , but i was hungry and the staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean
people watching in the weight room makes my year totally worth it .
bread is a much better value than the pastries . . for a full sized baguette of good quality
overpriced , small portions for average food .
review for catered pizza only fine . edible . fairly basic on par with reginas . wouldn't go out of my way .
nice location , but not vegan friendly . they charge more for alternatives to cow milk .
updated . they actually had donuts today
just insane pricing for mediocre food and beverages . staff is great but the place feels like a chain .
cheap basic texmex food , opens early and closes late .
another great place to have a great burger and fries also a brick oven for pizzas .
this is not the famous quincy market . that one is in boston . this is a convenience store and deli .
chicken tikka masala was good . mango lassi was great !
food was okay but not worth the pay . four shrimp on one plate . over expensive lemonade lol
food great but the service wasn't in my favor . i was thinking it chipotle they way it was set up .
solid spicy szechuan food which is welcome in this part of town especially if you need to get your fix .
good vibes . women's bathroom sinks could use an update . looks a little dirty . but cool place overall .
food is great but service is horrible at this location . go to the one near perimeter mall .
average turkey sandwich . middling in general , similar to tatte in general quality . still better than al's
got to see avengers in d for . ! med . coke .
i like the food and the service , but it's was unpleasant to wait so long for the food .
most of their gas's pumps are crap . you'll end up spending mins to fill a guh damn truck .
love this location way more than the colonial one . the staff is x nicer . food as always was amazing
there is no cell reception on the first floor .
average place to rent cars . nothing special about it or its staff .
secret sauce my ass . pretty bummed i didn't see romeo sauce in the box . i love that stuff
honestly i thought it was just ok . nothing special . cheap greasy pizza . not unique at all .
very good service ! compare to thai restaurants nearby , quality is competitive , though the quantity is very little .
good drinks and high number of tv's . menu does get a bit stale , but the food is standard bar food .
fine . a bit slow , a bit eh , but no real complaints .
okay . pizza , beer , salad bar . yup , just okay .
place smelled like a moldy mop , extremely overpriced for an average burger . service was excellent . way to high in price !
decent service somewhat slow . great crust and ambiance just pizza could have used more cheese .
it's alright . not the best not the worst . their prices aren't bad . the staff is very nice .
cheap food , good shakes , slow but friendly service . the place could use a good cleaning . bacon burger was on point .
solid burgers onion rings are great . quick service .
brunch and mimosas biscuits and gravy okay service in a hotel , outdoor patio and nice corner location nothing beyond special
nice portions but the wait is long . maybe only worth doing togos . the satay chicken is overboard .
pretty average . my gf and i feel like crap now after eating . got the normal beef combos .
not big on pho but , the food was good and my husband and our friends from cali . loved it !
very disappointed they no longer serve chicago dogs ! was the only thing i liked here !
we hired this company for wildlife pest control . we are still working with them .
it's probably a step above your typical fast food joints , but nothing to write home about .
food was great but the staff was rude and unhelpful and the service was generally poor .
had palak paneer , dal makhni , desert , gulab jamoon everything was good , but not great .
great food plentiful servings !
coffee french toast breakfast special average breakfast , with limited service .
meh . the steak was not that impressive because it was overcooked . very average . pana cotta was tasty , that's about it .
excellent food had the dumplings during dumpling week . really obnoxious loud head banging music ruined it .
thai vegetarian sub don't remember the exact name but it was alright . probably dint try the right sub .
nice coffee shop , its just always freezing . and the bathroom is literally degrees .
good value . food was tasty . free wifi was a bonus . pretty funky interior . will come here again . staff was friendly .
nice cheap lunch bento . easy and quick . but i think the owner hates me
drinks are good . food not worth the price . miniature wings . staff unprofessional get attitudes for no reason !
overall meh , toast amazing , scrambled eggs yummy , the rest over salted and or burnt . meh . had french toast .
good pizza and cheese bread , i always get the large one topping special for with flavored crust .
i drink beers here while waiting for a spot at the bar at east coast grill . i like it here .
great food family atmosphere will bring the family here anytime we are in the neighborhood !
the food is ok . the mac and cheese was average . i think it is very over rated .
it was good . there's better , but for the price and the location , i've been back twice .
the deck is a beautiful setting but the fajita salad was disappointing ! and i was still hungry .
everything was delicious until the inch cockroach decided to join us ! we decided to get our food to go .
it's quick , it's cheap and gets the job done like a hooker in tijuana !
i would have preferred a higher veg to meat ratio option in the menu , but it was still good .
don't come here during pm . lunch time rush . wack
food is good . some local artists playing music on saturday morning . neighborhood joint with a good feel .
i was pleasantly surprised . the food was good , the service was a little slow . but overall i would recommend .
freaky slow delivery ! at an hour right now . let's see how long it actually takes .
the food is great ! the service is either hit or miss every time i go . today was a miss .
s . till good but heavy , heavy food . i don't know how anyone goes back to work after having lunch there
long wait and not very organized . well at least for apple standards . still love apple products .
food just ok , beers ok , service kinda slow . good view of the columbia .
big ass sandwiches are open late night thursdays , fridays and saturdays from pm late !
beer selection was excellent , but service was not so friendly . food was surprisingly good .
i liked drawing on the table with crayons . food is really mediocre . i'd go to the cheesecake factory instead .
no problems . i was in and out .
inefficient gets a whole new meaning here . the staff have zero energy and as slow as it's humanly possible
the cheeeses pizza was ok , though the crust was too thin and crispy . waiters are grumpy
wow ! what the pho ! sooo good ! price is soo good too !
sangria is very good . hot sauce is homemade and perfect spicyness . autmatically looses one star for no dessert menu
it was fun dance club to attend on a friday night .
the dessert is good particularly the chocolate monster though the ube yam was so so . looks good on picture .
average tasting tacos . good portions though . each taco had about twice the amount of meat compared to other taqueria .
late night option ! meatballs .
the food was good , but the place is a little dirty . service was friendly .
good value rich italian food in sizeable portions . love the family style seating . service is good . american italian food . not authentic . but overall its decent . !
decent thai food . not consistent . tourist spot
have been enjoying take out from here during the last months
seen better days . solid pastries and selection of sandwiches . not recommended for coffee .
disappointing lobster casserole today . the oysters were delicious though .
ok . ordered . they were hollow . true ones are full . may try again . i am an addict .
this is a ok spot , hotel is stuck in the middle of nomans land if you want to walk .
noisy hotel , aircraft noise and highway or road noise ! clean and nice rooms , though . free breakfast also .
meh the tacos were just okay . i personally prefer local cantina over yabos . the margaritas were great though !
over rated , crowded seating , noisy , over priced for all the hype . sorry . just will not go back .
cute and cozy diner , but it's run by like two people and they are really rude and aggressive . bad service .
the sea salt bagel was very salty ! but cute vibes and a great breakfast place in general .
wonderful and authentically seasoned food with large lunch portions . good spicy basil , drunken noodles and thai iced tea .
good pizza . not great pizza . friendly people though and a unique location . i'll be back .
a typical towny bar with subpar food . though this place is aways packed so i might be missing something .
it's an ok place for the cheap . hot breakfast was really good though , for a cheap hotel joint .
way too many kids here . great place for families but not so great to get drunk with friends .
love panera but my fist time here and d drive thru manager are very rude . will not b returning there .
good food inexpensive mariachies wooohooo shooters ! festive interior .
food is ok . great staff ! very nice and welcoming . i'll come back to try something different .
great location , nice to see the west side booming . tried the burger , it was good but nothing special .
love the thin crunchy crust of papa gino's . i wish they have one in california .
trending toward red meat and white bread from their hippy vegan roots , but still some good choices .
what a crazy bar upstairs bartender so hot very sexual shout out to evan
great pedi , very clean place . only bad thing i would say is they do try to overprice you for everything
why so slow . ugh . i am getting old here waiting .
come for happy hour , but the food is unremarkable though pretty authentic . great service , though
came here for drinks . it's nice that they make the margaritas from scratch !
good atmosphere but my pizza was burnt and when i looked around i noticed everyone else's was too .
nice patio . good ginger tea . excellent chai latte . nice service . good view of action on main street .
really excellent steak pizza . and they have a great sub selection . pasta dishes are nothing special but still good .
great sushi ! decent price ! fast service ! small place always busy servers are overworked
good indian food lunch spot to take home when short on time . price reasonable .
pity our festive drink at colette was spoiled by sullen and reluctant bar tender who barely acknowledged our existence .
spiffy service and they are rapid . their selection of your menu choices . veggie , chicken , beef or combo are awesome !
decent espresso , weak hot chocolate , poor pastry selection , nice space .
cheap and good burritos . gave me a heartburn though and i ve never gotten it before .
cool spot to grab a cheap drink before going to dinner or movie . great drink specials and live music .
went here twice and waiting . early an hour when told mins to buy a pair of glasses .
good beef but no onion roll on super beef . that's like serving a hot dog on a hamburger bun .
a different person every visit . i found a new dentist down the road .
yes bread , red velvet anything , yellow filled canoli's no calzone , italian sub , chicken parm
so so food , minimal selection , inattentive staff . it's boston within walking distance of a million other irish pubs , skip this one .
a ok . would've been nice if the heat was turned up a little , but food was ok .
foods always comes out quick and is generally good . but tonight the chicken skewers were a bit dry .
not bad for the price . very wide selection , especially considering how cheap they are
very dark and crowded and the food is very very fried and dry . the prices are way out of line
trina did a good job ! a pedicure and a fill cost about . but her work was worth the price
nice rooms but pricey and distant from the night action ,
good food and adds creativity to the neighborhood
great for walking and beach atmosphere . do people actually swim in the water here ? not sure !
gluten free pizza dough is good to find and rare . the staff are great . the ambience is refreshingly modern .
five stars if they got rid of the tasty attitude tsa .
its good , but some frou frou hotdogs are better than others . good coffee .
average soup dumplings , skin is too thick . beef scallion had one slice of beef . place is small and cramp .
good seafood but never been blown away .
donuts are very unique looking . but tasted like any other donut shop . i will not coming back here .
decent location , friendly workers and reasonable prices . the undercooked rice made us sick twice , please improve your process .
the best ambience . but food is just ok . felt little over hyped .
great staff , especially marley . food seems like forever , maybe just crazy hungry .
i had a delish mate and vegan benedict that i enjoyed thoroughly . sweet staff . lots of vegan choices which rocks .
i normally come here for my maintenance . but a ninety minute wait for an oil change is a little ridiculous .
a ok . i always stop here on my way to the hair salon for gas and a snack . no issues here .
i never got to try them again . maddy's officially closed for good on august th , .
cover on saturday night for a cover band that wasn't very good . huge oz beers are great !
maybe a little bit more like a ssshhhh ! library than a coffee shop ought to be .
avocado egg rolls and the beer sampler . order both of these things for a very happy lunch or dinner !
chik fil a in terminal a is awesome . standard fast food but great prices and just good artery clogging spicy chicken biscuits .
very fast and efficient however the haircut is done with a machine . took min . ok haircut but nothing exciting .
decent place if you don't need an electrical outlet . there are none . fairly quiet , pretty good coffee . really cute patio
the employees are not wearing masks and there is not protection for the customers . its a social responsibility .
fun cocktails . deviled eggs were on point . wasn't wild about the fish sandwich , but would definitely give it another go .
are you in the mood for some noodles ? if so don't come here ! they closed .
ahhhh ! starbucks liquid gold in a cup and you pay like it was gold !
tasty ramen but sides are ridiculously expensive and the broth was way way too salty !
moving from l . a . i never understood the standard of thai in boston , always too sweet , not enough spice .
we really liked this place , excellent burger but i really liked the fries , skins on . staff was friendly and courteous .
tacos are good , but the hours of operation are wacky . fish tacos may be the best in atlanta .
very clean and love the roast beef sandwiches
an ok irish ish restaurant in a super touristy location .
its an average quality chinese buffet , the type you would expect in such restaurants .
carvers country kitchen is the best place to grab a lunch for take out after a night out in atlanta .
lemon grass chicken yummy , good portions too .
this place is hot and cold , service is ok most of the times .
good beer selection and very yummy bourbon pecan pie . for bbq , i'd go to redbones or blue ribbon first .
i've been here several times . nothing special or bad about this location . food is alright and staff is cool .
cool aesthetic . love the record player . the coffee is very bitter . not really my taste .
good down home breakfast tacos at a reasonable price . looking forward to trying the other menu items .
closed with no current as of early sept . ' plans to reopen at any other location .
took three tries to actually fix my phone , and ended up giving me a partial refund .
vibe cleanliness drinks food location service this rating is based on the lunch buffet .
don't know what to rate this . plan to go tonight but found out they moved to i drive .
the beer was good but the service was poor . the waitress was rude and was not much help .
went there as heard some rave reviews . eh . salty , but crispy and decent . i prefer popeyes . or kfc .
great service from assistant store manager ruben
everything that needs to be fried is over cooked and hard as a rock . but everything else is great .
fyi does not deliver ! which is fine , except the business info says otherwise .
increased a star for the feedback . hope it's followed through thanks !
quick breakfast spot it took us less than min sitting down . nothing i had was amazing . server was pleasant .
its ok . tea its good but the place was really hot . couldn't wait to get out of the store
how about gluten free oatmeal so the gluten sensitive people can eat something other than eggs ?
purchased a diseased plant covered in fungus . kinda disappointed they sold it to me . i had no idea .
eggs florentine benedict for breakfast . not bad . good coffee . saw bill nye the science guy in the lobby . fairly expensive .
great italian appetizer , yummy . service was fine . very friendly waitress . reasonably priced food .
dated marriott needs update and tlc . only thing going for the hotel is the location , close proximity to mco .
quick and decent . but the pho combo did not have any tripe this time ! what happened ?
i liked the fish tacos and the margaritas , but when you go to the mission you get spoiled .
the ruby beer is worth the visit alone , and that's good because the rest is pretty meh .
the office manager called , discussed the bill and settled to the correct amount . thank you .
it's good vegan eats in beaverton ! the smoothies are a no but i do enjoy the enchiladas on tuesday !
ordered pizzas order was min late . good taste . rubbery crust .
fast delivery , but the vegetable pakora was soggy . the saag paneer and garlic naan were just average .
tried this place as its close to work , and am not a fan .
food was good . service was excellent ! the baked stuffed shrimp with asparagus was very tasty . nice atmosphere .
good selection of drinks . not much else . the staff is . well they are there .
humm waiting to see if the quality has gone down or up after the menu changes !
great service . the food was good but not great . pricey for the quality of the food . won't go back .
ok same as every other fancy restaurant u end up waiting . even though u made reservations .
pretty good mediterranian food . its small on the inside , but its nice .
it's a cab company . i used them in portland , or . it was fine . nothing special . nothing bad . ok .
huge slices . traditional , no fuss pizza . nice addition to the neighborhood !
it looks spectacular but you have to be affiliated with the school in order to use it . what a shame .
overpriced , but too damn convenient not to visit for a cup of coffee or a chai on the regular .
casual hangout dive in place with normal ambience and food .
food is good and the service is great . wish their was more gluten free and vegetarian choices .
quirky and delicious breakfasts . totally worth the very long wait usually .
went for the lunch buffet . everything was hot . this is your typical chinese japanese buffet . nothing to really write home about .
like the other reviews , overpriced . for a can of beer and appetizer sized entree . great service and valet .
dr . sneed is terrific i would give him stars but his front office is dysfunctional so only .
ordered a pupu platter and everything was a greasy , soggy let down . will not be coming back .
my car wasn't super clean but with the basic wash at only can't really complain .
good yogurt , interesting flavors , tasty little cookies . i always feel like there's something missing , though .
since my original review there has been much better communication and some work to make improvements which i appreciate .
cheap place to explore salvadoran food . mmmm yucas fritas .
good food . had great lentil salad and fennel gazpacho , but bit noisy and not air conditioned
hash browns were ok . good waffles . great price , good value . open hours .
cheap and tasty , but styrofoam to go containers ? you really need to address this with something compostable or easily recycled .
overcharged . price and image online was not the same . owner offered to reimburse difference , but not worth my time .
went for brunch and a beer . good service , outdoor seating , decent vegetarian food .
had wine sampler which was awful service spartan . pulled pork sandwhich was good , but lacked a little flavor .
overpriced small sandwiches , service was slow minutes after the togo pickup time was estimated . food however was good !
decent barbecue duck . watch out for the bad service . people here seem reluctant to serve .
closed . not sure exactly what happened , but lezlie aesthetician didn't keep up her credentials to legally operate a laser .
went here for breakfast . service was good , breakfast about average for a diner nothing special .
not bad vietnamese . i enjoyed the rice vermicelli with chicken . more pickled vegetables please !
was alright , expensive after hours menu though . the temperature was a little high .
st time i went my burger was undercooked , nd time it was absolutely raw inside . won't be getting a rd .
really gaudy decor . better to go to the spa at the fairmont pacific rim . same prices , but much more elegant .
doesn't look much from the outside but they have good pizza . delivery takes too long and drivers are unfriendly
be careful orange chicken , you have a new competition , beijing beef , i wonder if you ever going to stay .
cool different but thought the dishes all tasted the same . wonderful staff . the seating was a bit uncomfortable .
it's pretty good , but nothing like real chicago deep dish pizza
very average 'bulk' conveyor belt sushi . pretty inexpensive . uneventful .
if you want bar food and wanna watch sports while having a beer this a good place to go .
love the food but closing at pm on a friday and saturday night doesn't make sense .
service was slow and not very responsive . server seemed like she would rather be somewhere else . food was excellent .
excellent food with a very friendly wait staff . i definitely like the vast variety of food from different asian cultures .
fun menu good sandwich fun people . exactly what you expect for a food truck er bus . whatever
for a slice thin of red velvet cake if u gonna charge that then cut bigger slices . foods tho
the waiting time is so long . expecially during the busy hours . the food is okay . not my tasye tho .
it's just changed
close to portland state university . walking distance to downtown . clean room . a bit noisy .
over hyped , over priced , and somewhat pretentious . fits in perfectly on south congress .
update the manager reached out and addressed the issues and did provide excellent customer service .
being from los angeles i have a high expectation level for mexican food . the food was decent just not rememberable !
this was ok , not great . you have powdered shaker parmesan . lots of it is solid , nothing is stellar .
like urban renewals , b . e . has great selection but the prices can break the bank .
the samosa chana chat was yum ! but the gobi manchurian was very oily and soggy . overall decent .
great view , easy parking , friendly service and very ok food .
i like this restaurant bar i get the side salad and onion rings or sweet potato fries
ok maybe ordering it to go wasn't a good idea because i wasn't impressed . carrabbas chicken marsala is much better . sorry .
delicious food , service needs improvement bit pricey for their little portion sizes . but real great tasting food .
i'm taking two stars away because no croissant is worth almost ! even bouchon in vegas doesn't charge that !
good customer service , but didn't really like this dessert . expected more for the price
decent authentic mexican food . wait was long but we had . smallish seating area . carnitas fajitas delish !
i'm a big fan of the original hot boneless wings combo that comes with fries and a drink .
good food , but nothing spectacular . i regret waiting an hour and a half for a table .
i prefer the boston orchestra symphony . but you should go to the opera for the nutcracker .
the menu does not say there is a charge for their french onion soup
i only go here to get my car speedometer calibrated and certified . mike is awesome and works fast .
service hostesses not pleasant but ok waitress tatiana excellent food good but slow restaurant messy food all over the floors
perfect hole in a wall bar . 'nuff said .
eat before you go here or stick to pizza some dodgy ingredients it's a sports bar .
nice atmosphere and good beer but for little ribs left me wanting more . tasty but expensive !
barber talks way too much . like to the point where it affects his work . not a good look .
very good selection . only thing i would add to the menu would be , bacon ! add the bacon .
great happy hour prices ! wonderful back patio nice little secret . staff is always friendly
hot lobster roll good roll . ok on the amount of lobster . pretty standard stuff . nothing special
stick to the appetizers tapas , the lemon soup was amazing ! pass on the entrees not worth it !
its okay . kind of over rated prices are wicked high for what you get .
place was ok . got our order wrong . hamburgers were ok . malts , fries and onion rings were really good .
very good service and nice atmosphere inside restaurant . food was good and brought promptly . large selection on the menu .
the women that work here are polite . marc is a total jerk !
the beaver is a fun friendly pub . food was ok . service was good . the views are wonderful .
this place was just fine , not bad but i only stayed there a few days . i'd just call it average
not the best breakfast i've had but interesting take on ordering brunch , clean place nice seating area wheelchair friendly .
nice little cafe good fish tacos . very good maduros . too bad that the raw juices were watered down .
tasty torta , pay the extra dollar for extra meat
italian sausage pizza was fair . sauce was not as tasty as i hoped . delivery was fast .
not the best place but acceptable for a place near by where i live .
good store , great prices . product quality isn't great by any stretch but definitely in line with the prices .
it was ok . you go to something like this for the show not food . our waiter was slow . good show .
great for quick gas , but the customer service sucks , and the people are slow .
the gym and pool are the only things nice about this place
i had a black blue burger w sweet potatoes there . it's not bad .
a dancer plowed her butt so hard into my chest that i thought i was dying . otherwise , it was okay .
view was nice , the rest was nothing special . felt like being at an olive garden with massive windows .
first visit , good dim sum , menu choice should know more about what you like parking limited
some very good items , some not so good items , items are not always consistent , good neighborhood place , inexpensive
tgaw thank god , a waiter ! tgtfih thank god the food is here service sucked , food was not objectionable .
their sushi is good but i've had better hibachi . i love the environment and location but very slow .
sushi was good but a lot pricey other foods are very salty and you need rice to eat other dishes
great watering hole to hang out with friends . true austin culture . the staff are fun and really helpful .
great customer service , al pastor tacos where delicious as well as the beef fajita ones . hot sauce is spicy
average food , nothing that is really exiting , yes seafood was fresh but it's just a mix of everything , nothing special .
good food . i love the atmosphere . awesome location . you can sit out side with a roof on the sidewalk
service and food was good . watched staff use restroom and return to kitchen without washing hands . disgusting !
the truffle parmesan fries are amazing and the buffalo chicken pizza is pretty good as well .
the food is on par with any other pf changs but the kitchen struggles with getting the order correct .
interesting place . nobody in there when i stopped by . friendly service but the food is way over priced .
if you're a suffolk student , you get priority in line , so i had a pretty seamless experience !
loved the different go cart tracks other than that it was a nice place to waist alittle time
pricey sat . delivery . flowers could have been fresher , not leftover valentines .
i have had chipotle . i no longer visit qdoba grill . i stand corrected .
went here for lunch . liked the atmosphere , food was decent bar food . nothing to rave about .
pretty good beer selection . they have hoegaarden on tap !
food was great as always ! service was so so . have been to this location multiple times and today was disappointing !
yeah overhyped . friends set us up for disappointment here . taverna in jax still has the best pancakes .
their butternut squash soup is to die for ! it has so much flavor . very full bodied ! just sayin .
gf , vegan , vegetarian friendly dive bar . strong drinks and amusing decor .
nice bar if you work in the area . kinda felt like i was at my grandmothers house though .
food was great ! worth the mile drive up ! came here off of a recommendation from channel news !
a nice , simple meal with delicious wine . a good bet and unpretentious .
this place is decent . but you can only use one queso coupon per table . chipotle is still better .
pros grapefruit radler ! outdoor patio in the summer con cash only .
ok place
overrated . you can get better steak elsewhere . the only thing i liked was the service and staff
service is fast good healthy food great location large menue tacos hamburgers great rib burger with sweet potatoe fries
they've closed . the austin location . houston texmex just doesn't stand a chance in austin .
the reviewer before me has summed it up better than i can improve upon ! a real campus classic dive bar .
bad beer . ok cocktails . didn't eat . run down interior . good service . would recommend .
the food is top notch but make sure to check your order before leaving
although service was excellent , sushi and entrees were just okay . probably won't go back .
tasty latte , slow wi fi
you should be able to find at least one thing you like here . the mac n cheese pizza is great
nothing special but better than subway . the video lottery section is sort of weird ?
a good , middle of the road ramen place
very busy . food is ok , place is pretty cool . lasangna looks delicious . but have not had it yet .
the food is ok , had the pork carnitas baja bowl and did not taste the pork nor the beans .
average food and average service . i'd recommend you look at options nearby before committing to this restaurant .
a lot of fried foods for appt . s , cool place off the beaten path .
a must try pizza place ! we ordered pies buffalo chicken and tomato , basil , mozzarella . really good thin crust .
large abp attached to the children's museum . plenty of seating and fairly clean . typical abp food fare . outside seating too !
easton has definitely gone down hill as far as safety , and service the past few years . i stick to polaris
a spinoff of rainforest cafe inside disney springs food and drinks are pretty standard . nice view of the lake
good food . large portions . the nachos were my favorite . they were piled high with fresh toppings .
alwys a consistently good deal with decent food . but seriously charging for refills on soda . that aweful
it was decent . until it closed . they offered some good interesting flatbreads . shame shame shame
hey its a pizza uno . what do you expect . service was good . food was ok .
stong drinks but expensive . a night here will literally put a dent in your wallet .
grocery store . it was open . priceyish . has a restroom , but the butcher has to let you in .
friendly staff . basic room with basic amenities . convenient location for highway access . no frills . good for a quick business trip .
nice coffee . small selection of pastries in the afternoon . raspberry brioche moist and not too sweet .
too much preparation and the attraction is nothing out of this world it is definitely not worth the wait
it was ok . nothing really good but nothing was awful . the fries weren't fully cooked , nor the brussels sprouts .
churros get soggy with the whipped cream and such and also the truck is not open constantly !
food was good , service was good but nothing really special . you won't be disappointed , but you won't be wowed either .
decent , affordable dental care . they accept most insurance , so that's a plus .
best pint of guinness i've ever had in the usa . poured properly and well worth the wait .
i ordered garlic flavor popcorn chicken . it tastes bitter . so wired . maybe try a different flavor next time .
i like this place , good tex mex . mediocre at best but good .
they are closed right now . their website says there was a kitchen fire with no word when they will reopen .
the service is great and the food is okay . overall , it was a nice meal , but just not that memorable .
surprisingly good . chef wore shades and i had a chilli cheese dog and tacos . very friendly service .
this place seems cool , but the seemingly unpleasant girls who work the front created an off putting vibe .
friendly people . not good coffee . gave them many chances for different coffee drinks and they were very disappointing each time .
love the building and scenery . very tuscan . wines are decent . service was good .
it was normal like any other indian buffet . chicken tikka masala , chillie chicken and gongura chicken was yummy
cheap place for sushi , not authentic japanese food though . this is my go to place when i don't feel like cooking
i'll jjy uighuritobbeef rendangm tun ioo o plum m ok out meh i i iuu yuh remymu i'm
nice atmosphere and good service . pulled pork was good . cubano was ok , would have been better if it were griddles .
sorry , over rated . salty food for my taste and small portions for my appetite . more than likely , will not go back .
good popcorn good drinks good place to watch a movie go out there and watch a movie ok lol
not that good and overpriced . they dont have the classic black milk bubble tea . wont go here again
nice place to relax and play a board game on a rainy day
very good , typical diner food . expect a line out the door on the weekends .
very expensive for small portion . food tasted good but the serving size is minuscule .
tasty and cheap . but the food becomes messy because of all the gravy . adventurous foodies can try once .
food was good , service sucked for it not being busy at all . not lacking staff standing around either .
beautiful theater but not organized well and many patrons were confused about seating assignments .
average service , ambience isn't anything special . the food was satisfactory .
came here to watch a football game with some friends after work . good beer selection .
good but not great . even the desserts look cool but really aren't that special . kids will definitely love it .
fun and relaxing place to stop in relax and enjoy some entrainment and of course have a beer ! enjoy !
great food , decent service , cool atmosphere .
very upscale restaurant . great food . a ok service . it's a bit pricy on your wallet .
food is good consistent tijuana yummy but service is far from it . it's too bad given the concept and location .
sushi was good but the sumono salad was terrible you should learn to cook the noodles
bathrooms filthy but the rest of the place is very clean . foods the same as any burger king i guess .
always great food and now gluten free options
killer empanadas . killer shrimp soup . creamy not like you'd expect . good ceviche . very nice people . coffee disappointed .
clean and friendly but a little pricy at times . less supplies available but not bad . good in a pinch
the food was good . the service started slow at the bar but improved once i asked who covered that area .
mailbox annual rates higher ! spacious here n always busy . good parallel parking skills needed .
i'm not necessarily a fan of their food here so far . but i do enjoy having a drink on the patio .
nice location , good service , they have everything u need displayed . representatives are very warming and ready to help
bianca pizza was fantastic we added sliced tomatoes it looked just as good as it tasted !
friday night , crowded but good people there . pianists were good , entertaining and true to songs . i'd go again .
tried the vfc burger . it was 'ok' at best . beers are very reasonably priced during happy hours .
over priced pizzas for adult kids . inch pizzas too small for the price .
great pizza . good atmosphere . worth the wait . tater tots rock .
poke was great but it was so warm in there , which made it super uncomfortable ! ugh .
new to area . haven't inter acted with them yet ! hope they are better than brunswick ga .
easy spot to grab lunch . the tomato soup is delicious ! the staff could be friendlier though .
standard typical bar food . limited selection of liquor and beer .
ice cream and the movies is a great combination . parking can be difficult .
really good burgers . had the one with brisket on it . wow ! the atmosphere and service could be much better .
euro feel , which is cool . good for a quick espresso macchiato . but a bit snobby pretentious . no wifi outlets are turned off .
great beers , well made , with a good selection . skip the food , though , especially the meat and cheese board .
food was good . service was not , woman at the cash register was very rude did not make us feel welcome .
the burgers are small and pretty average for the price . the truffle fries with fry sauce are worth getting .
meh , it's a standard chipotle with slower service than average and it gave me butt pee once .
interesting stuff for gifts . soap dispensers , dish towels , etc unhelpful when attempting to return or exchange items .
food was disappointing overpriced and bland but ambiance was nice , especially on the rooftop .
the yamhill stir fry is tasty . next time bhakti pasta and jackfruit wrap .
yet another over hyped taco joint . not bad , just not mind blowing . izzoz's is far superior .
falafel balls and hummus were great . rice wasn't very flavorful . chicken shwarma wrap was ok , nothing out of the ordinary .
do yourself a favor and don't get the charchuteri . low quality deli meat and stale bread .
definitely a cool place . food is good , but not worth hours wait . also for a pie !
pho is ok . egg rolls and spring rolls were nearly frozen . lemongrass chicken is awesome
i thought the food was average . the service was slow but wait staff is super friendly . really enjoyed the decor .
great vibe , good music but too crowded and not enough seating for the size of crowd . small place
reading somewhat generic predictions didn't come to pass .
solid tasty tacos make sure to watch out for bones if you choose fish as your protein .
quick lunch of chowder and salad . good choice , good quality , decent service . music a little loud , but otherwise comfortable environs .
cuban sandwich was pretty , pretty , pretty good . as my friend larry david would say from curb your enthusiasm .
nice mall overall . plenty of shops and walking space . clean and comfortable place to visit . thanks !
ok service , ok drinks , didn't eat but food looked decent . seemed to ignore you unless you were a local .
good dinner entrees and a fair lunch buffet . a popular place with locals with good italian food and friendly service .
food was okay but i've had better .
good selection on the buffet and quick in and out if you get there early . place fills up fast .
there were no pencils for my crossword puzzle they gave us . other than that pretty good foo
i had a shio ramen . soup was good but i didn't like noodles much .
january update elevator is still broken . we occasionally hear about new parts needing to be ordered .
great for the price ! i got a facial . thanks lia .
nice service but dirty floors , tables , and bathrooms . disappointed . but food and service great .
great friendly fast service . had a fresh made banana blueberry strawberry in almond milk smoothie .
good food and kind service but awkwarly small restaurant and seating arrangements .
pretty mediocre airport food with employees that don't even try to act like they want to be there .
not bad . generous portions . communal seating . cool atmosphere . limited food selections . lots of wine choices , but only one beer .
prefer other fast food burgers over whataburger . was not impressed .
irvings since , same beautiful lady , and still going . is there anywhere to compare with ethel !
decent local mall , a little run down but it has tons of parking and good stores .
decent though somewhat generic smoothies , but severely overpriced however , that's no surprise , given the prime location of this establishment .
cheapest beer in fanieul hall , really local type place , but good atmosphere .
the pizza flavors were a little different for my taste . the pretzel with queso was very good .
the chilli is gross . i should have gotten a burger . i will update my review after that happens .
it's chili's . you will leave full for a reasonable price . don't get too excited .
good experience , i like the fact that you cook your own food . however food quality was mediocre for the price .
pretty standard fare and prices , amazing wonton soup , that you assembly yourself .
service was okay , food too but i order a sangria and it was disgusting old urghhh
great atmosphere , had a great time with my company . service was prompt , nice , and helpful .
last night we had good beer , horrible service , and grossly undercooked veggies on an otherwise underspiced but well cooked salmon .
right at newbury street across sonsi restaurant . it a place combined with knowledge books and taste tea coffee !
i wasn't too impressed with this place and thought the waitress could've been friendlier
i love that fact that this place is open ! the menu is big but their food is just average .
came here because we were looking for something quick . the food is okay but loved the space !
not the best ross store in town but it's definitely got a decent selection of items . lots of women's shoes .
awesome sunny oatcakes special . not so much the huevos rancheros .
i'd give the place at least stars if it had a bathroom . great service , food , and location .
food was great . atmosphere pretty cool . service was super slow .
get the fish tacos ! definitely the best thing on the menu . the clam pizza had very little taste .
nice japanese restaurant across from emory . nice noodle on a cold day , wish the soup not as salty though .
very common chinese take out . i had a home styled tofu , which was not cooked the way i expected .
rosebud is consistently average good . casual down to earth dining .
they were nice and food was ok but overpriced in my opinion
i ordered a medium burger came extremely burnt and tasted terrible service was good rhough .
great place to look at futons and mattresses . convenient for mit people .
the chips and salsa were good . beyond that , we checked the box and tried the place .
delivers perfectly on sports bar atmosphere and food . come here for the ambiance for sure .
the food is good , the beer list is amazing , the service is lovely . it's just always so cold ! brrrrr !
another just ok italian restaurant . we have got many ! food was unremarkable . tiramisu is great . good service .
a regular cafe . not a fan the interior design , not a fan of their chai latte . very nice service though !
gyoza taste so so the noodles are good , not salty but the service needs some improvement
pros pretty sweet looking architecture good place to take pictures haven't actually gone inside , but it looks huge cons none
the food was good not great . the service was acceptable . table wasn't balanced . small but annoying detail .
chicken panini dry chicken hard bread . okay , after slobbering extra mayonnaise on it .
slow service ! the pies make up for it though . plan on mins to get anything on the menu .
i bit over rated . not in the same league as other burger joints in the city . milkshake was good
the food was good , service was not . the potato salad , pasta salad and fries is very good .
stars , needs to improve to be equivalent to other teakhouse .
limited menu and out of fruit and chicken wings . bland food . good service in an empty restaurant pretty expensive too .
completely adequate . not bad , not memorable , but not pricey .
good sandwiches and different types of salads . a little on the spendy side for what it is .
standard mcdonalds and a convenient location . good oatmeal , small bkfst burrito but friendly service
good pitstop before after movie . decent size w some booth seating window seating . metered parking all day .
nice duck items and starters . the soup is awesome . however the hospitality is not that great .
expensive and not impressed . lobster was pretty small in the lobster roll . clam chowder was ok .
still a solid . stars and go to tremont brunch place . see and be seen here . their french toast is awesome !
dishes taste just so so . but the music effect is really good for a restaurant , especially in the washroom lol .
classic . i'm from maine , i always try to hit up the local wawa when i come to florida .
went here for a comedy show . love how the space is small and the comedians are pretty awesome .
pretty good food but not much character for austin . it's just an average place .
got some breakfast , the waffle with gravy and tofu scramble . was alright but wouldn't get it again .
food is good and feels unique . a little pricey for what you get but it's got a nice vibe .
good , if steep food and some creative dishes .
it was good but i wasn't blown away . i appreciated all the choice of noodles and bases .
saltiest chicken sandwich i have had in a long time . extremely small portions for price . looked really nice .
food was ok but no memorable taste . need to improve on service . staff is good and friendly . good parking spaces .
rooms are large . pools are nice . it's pretty good for the orlando area .
amazing service ! recommend the hot dishes and rolls but not a big fan of the sashimi .
cool place with great coffee .
meh . i just don't think these doughnuts are anything to write home about . not bad . not great . just ok . a ok .
smells yummy but i can't comment on taste because min later my noodle dish still isn't ready .
good donuts and other pastries . nothing unique but certainly will scratch the itch for donuts if you have one .
good solid bowl of pho noodle soup . it's family owned and operated . great tasting broth .
awesome place . but despite its large size , it gets crowded easily .
not friendly , often don't greet their customer . good and fresh produce .
good selection of items , but the quality of the food is not so great . they should work on that .
we had an omelette and pancakes . pretty much typical chain restaurant food . the food is okay but not exciting
a very ordinary chinese buffet , nothing surprising or impressive .
lunch today . first time at yard house . service was excellent . food was nothing special . good but not exciting .
beautiful club ! needs more ethnicity that's the only downfall about this place it's not diverse by any means
always enjoy the food . high quality and consistent every time i go . the bbq sauces are well made .
they should really bring back the gin blossom cocktail . their cocktails need revamping
i come here atleast once a week for the pho . the service sucks especially the lady that checks you out .
the service here is quick . the egg rolls are standard and the vermicelli dish is best described as bland .
it was ok . not my favorite . being from california i am spoiled with awesome authentic mexican food .
the chocolate dipped italian macaroons are the star of this show . and , at pound , they'd better be !
huge selection of beer , fun atmosphere , but the food is boring and bland .
went during restaurant week . place was crowded . food was decent but didn't feel like a steal at . .
good , but overpriced , fried chicken . end of the day , just good fried chicken . not worth the wait .
the service was slow . our waiter wasn't too attentive . the food was ok . drinks were very good .
service was really good however the food is sub par . don't order the flat bread with cheese and tomato !
the vegetarian options are not great . the veggie dumplings have mysterious bland fillings and the other options are super limited .
meh . i like tasty n sons and mediterranean exploration company is great but , i haven't felt any desire to return here .
fun for tapas but not all it's cracked up to be . food is just ok . service , could be better .
store itself was fine , but staff were loud and obnoxious , shouting across the store to one another .
the baked goods look much better than they taste . bland , flavorless . the breakfast food is delicious !
solid lamb kebabs . good yogurt based sauce . very casual , almost fast casual dining .
decent greek food don't make a special trip but if your driving by and hungry turn in .
fair as airport go .
does anyone other than me think this restaurant is massively overpriced for this neighborhood ?
had duck , tea , fried chicken and shrimp and noodles . go with several others to share .
way too loud and crowded . almost claustrophobic . food is decent but it ain't worth the hassle , folks .
good eats , but do yourself a favor and skip the award winning clam chowder . excellent bread and mac and cheese .
hopefully you increase your variety of products and have a greater selection .
decent delectables and decent staff keeps us coming back .
why is it always so cold in dunkin dounuts ? bring a sweater . i checked the thermstat . !
pretty average drive thru experience at this starbucks location .
the service was fast and pleasant the food was just ok . nothing to write home about
i only come for the buffet , but it's a great buffet as long as you get there closer to noon .
drinks and food are way expensive but the service is great and plenty of tables to play some pool .
alden and harlow in harvard square in harvard square is much better for the price and service .
ok food . good service . great patio for people watching . good beer selection , my son recommends the fish and chips .
person who took my order seemed confused . delivery took a long time . not very worth it .
killer salted hombre , but the service came with some impatience . maybe i'm just impatient . give me my drinks woman !
great for late night pm bubble tea if you want to spend less than on bubble tea .
steak tartar way proper . cassoulet meh . wish they had some serious wine .
i only have two words for you . chirizo taco . yum ok , that was technically words
one of the cleanest airport restrooms i've ever been in . i think i saw my reflection on the floor .
i had the terra luna and it was ok . service was fast . there's not a lot of space to sit
this place is pretty cool , they have good selection of beer , but the outside bartender girls are rude !
yes , they serve brunch , and it's awesome ! really good omelets . one of my favorite litle spots .
cool atmosphere . drinks are good but overpriced . pizza overrated soggy . would come back for music sometime , though .
mexican inspired but this isnt even close to the real thing . its above average for boston though
great french toast . staff was a little unfriendly
the food was ok , but the pecking duck is worth a try . pretty presentation , nice interior and ambience .
good product but not great service . not very busy but had long wait and our offer was not right .
overpriced healthy vegetarian food and smoothies and juices . usually good .
i can bar hop storm through here after am still enjoy the entertainment . whoop !
really good meat , mediocre sides . would still recommend getting some smokey meat treats here .
just ok . fries could be more crispy , gravy was ok but got salty over time , need more cheese curds .
experience was fine . the aetheticians seemed qualified , but the front desk is rather pushy .
lots of cool stuff . had to pick up stuff for a n upcoming event . slow checkout . had what was needed
used to eat there when i was kid working at the paramont cannery in ?
no wi fi in the rooms , th floor vending machine ripped us off . other than that it's fine .
very prompt service , but the driver didn't know how to get where we going .
friendy service but slow ! food it okay not a woow !
solid lunch spot in ansley mall . service and food is always on par and the pricing is solid .
lousy , strange service . find some servers who are customer rather than themselves focused . food is good
there's no athentic mexican food here . just like taco bell . i'm disappointed and i won't go back .
nice banquet room with beautiful view but the food was nothing to write home about .
just average korean food but higher price compare with others ! won't go there again . the parking place is a disaster .
decent food but a bit overrated in my opinion . always crowded so someone must like it !
their soup dumplings were one of the best . the beef and scallion pancake was delicious .
food is good but nothing extraordinary . great for a chain and pricy . seems they prices go up every visit .
good sounded good but was just ok . service was slow . probably wouldn't go back as so many other options .
great food . often times really crowded and there is a chance you will get stuck with a grouchy waitress
it's alright 'n stuff . not oh my god , you have to go here 'n sh ! t . but it doesn't suck !
love the seats , they need to work on their housekeeping . theatre wasnt cleaned after previous show .
not quite different from any other terminals , yet i seem to greet its spaciousness and faster service with more favor .
for a raspberry lychee bellini , but it is good . so good . sweet but not syrupy or sticky .
very okay . nothing special . prices were reasonable but my tofu fried rice had chunks of salt in it .
decent place for the couv . needs a complete remodel . overall plenty of space and amenities .
good little divey bar with a cool atmosphere . great drinks big mirrors and motorcycles all over the f place !
hit or miss . the bun for my burger was burnt tonight but they gave me a lot of sauce .
ok bbq . beef brisket was fine . chicken was good . turkey was quite bad . good staff though !
sauce is on point but shrimp and crab not fresh at all . waitress brought the wrong bill intentionally .
great location . beautiful views . food does not disappoint but also not off the hook . fair meal great location .
not the greatest quality but huge portions for small price . you won't leave hungry ! quick service .
the back porch is nice . bar area was infested with fruit flies . the bar tender was friendly .
walked uphill to this little place n find it doesn't open on sunday . probably better luck next time .
okay . good , not great . cool atmosphere , but our meals were just okay . and expensive . how do you mess up french fries ? !
great drinks , great food ! staff could smile more and treat their customers better .
ordered take out , wasn't bad , but everything basically tasted the same . don't order the crab rangoons !
el charrito is perfect for a hangover cure . breakfast tacos are awesome and super cheap .
service was mediocre , food wasn't that great either . won't come back .
the spa was nice and the customer service was great . the swedish massage was good , but not great .
overall a nice bar with a cool attitude . i was disappointed with the lack of beers on tap .
not the flashiest but the slots are looser than hollywood . the buffet is good .
corporate helped rectify soon after , showing good customer support your a highly satisfactory level .
i need to come here again to formulate statements on it better , time out .
nice to try at least once if your in columbus . not really a recommendation unless you're on your cheat day .
friendly and tasty bao ! unfortunately , they ran out of their must try bao . a bit disappointed but overall a great experience .
fair , not a place to plan your evening around like we did .
my husband and i love the cheesecake factory . we never had a bad experience at this location . would recommend .
love the food . i had the steak and the wife had the fried chicken . really enjoyed having karen serve us
they only thing they don't have are fashions . but a great one stop place and to grab a bite to eat .
great beers ! but service was slow even when the restaurant was half empty . and the fries were cold .
went for sunday brunch . nice atmosphere . had the eggs benedict . it was ok . bland . coffe was good
staff was helpful and cashier and i laughed during the entire transaction . they had everything i needed for my project .
jammed full of furniture . stopped by to pick up an ice cream certificate . customer service was good .
retail clerks should be friendly . would appreciate a smile and an attitude of helpfulness .
really only worth it if the weather is beautiful . food is so so , drinks are so so , service is poor .
typically consistent , but tonight noodles were flavorless and dry . i'll try one more time before writing them off .
. discombobulated and no seating area but gets the job done . burger was tasty and delivered without too much delay .
good teacher . rude staff . the kind of people who like to let you know that they are very important .
good selection of beers . slightly expensive . needs more light . friendly service . i did not try the food .
pros very friendly service . cons pricey , their sushi are not in the bite size
the tofu soup was good , but the seafood pancake was extremely greasy . won't be back .
food and wine good . however you can smell the restroom deodorizers in the dining room
good food mushroom burger was too soggy . ice cream shakes yummy . very friendly service .
ok food , though i admit i did not pay much attention to the food today . soup is nice .
food is good , but the selection is limited . i absolutely love their tight rope drink !
okay starbucks location . cept the pudgy barista with the nerd glasses trying too hard to be a hipster .
salted caramel hot chocolate too much caramel and not enough salt . commercial makes it look amazing though !
its ok . menu is lacking any bredth but there is plenty of indoor seating . staff is nice .
its food . its kinda healthy . its not mexican food . its gringo burito !
coffee is always off burnt , flavor missing , something just off . disappointing and not worth it unfortunately .
cute shop . a tad pricey . good selection of bohemian type clothes and jewelry . fun window displays . nice staff .
drive thru donuts !
convenient , nice staff , parking is iffy though .
good but waaaay too pricey . i'm happier after a meal at haru , oishii , fugakyu , or blue fin .
great for drinks and apps . that's about it . menu is not great is overpriced for what it is .
a fun place to explore once , but sushi quality is way below average .
great place for an ipa near fenway .
great place . flat beer . needs a better co system . they make good beers taste mediocre .
a very good lunch buffet . an excellent lunch buffet if you like pickled garlic .
we found this place rather boring . uninteresting sushi and the noodle dish was bland .
this place is too hyped . it does have a lots of varieties and comes in different shapes , but average taste .
cute and yummy donuts but might be over hyped . we had better donuts at coco donuts .
tons of choices . if you cant find something to wet your lips here then your lost .
like chipotle . nothing super special . my hubby got the carne asada and i got the chicken . could be tastier
maybe after construction it will be better . southwest had no outside counter .
there is effort but just missing the mark on a number of levels for me .
food was just okay . the mussels had sand in them , which made them difficult to eat . fries were soggy
average mex food nothing special . margaritas were good . nice , clean , and good service !
cute space , friendly service . nice place for quick eats in beacon hill .
well food is good , but the ice cream is the best , i've to say sometimes the service is bad .
good selection but very expensive . customer service is mediocre , very busy maybe understaffed .
the staff person taking our order was patient and helpful . the pizza was good enough . for a self proclaimed food snob .
service was refreshing and the very berry oatmeal was good , but the coffee tasted absolutely terrible .
pass on the goat cheese ravioli , but definately order the french fries . they were amazing !
good layout security usually moves fast .
be aware ladies porter potties are absolutely disgusting . try to pee before you come here .
a ok
i wouldn't try the truffle mac n cheese again . cheese tastes watered down . hardly no lobster or peas .
another starbucks location ruined by the quasi daily presence of a stinky homeless guy at the main table .
louder than i would have hoped for . seemed crowded and congested . food was good . people were really nice and helpful
i would say it's good food but not the best . i will go back for their empanadas de huitlacoche .
food was average lobster pie . probably would have been better if not topped with ritz crackers . service was above average .
they had a huge , but kind of pricey , whiskey selection . they were otherwise very friendly . the interior was quite nice .
i come here for dinner before my spanish class at the ccae . does this count as practice ?
great burgers . prices are a tad high but nothing super outrageous . overall experience was enjoyable
meh ! went their for their late night menu , got the last burgers available , mediocre . gonna give it another try though .
average i'm from ny though so i might be biased . good friendly service . reasonably priced
fulfilling , new , out of the norm . open before work . fast service ! will definitely go back again
cute location with a variety of treasures . i found a great scarf here .
average fbo with unfriendly staff . come here on a weekly basis and never had an above average experience .
yummy gyros but their baklava was super small and tasted like garlic . which i thought was weird lol
decent pizza , nothing amazing . the only good thing is that everything . is fresh and no preservatives . also gluten free .
this place really needs to get some amazing pie and coffee options .
great selection of pet supplies . staff is for the most part friendly and helpful .
food tasted great . ordered one large honolulu chicken and one classic but they were both the same size .
food is okay . service is good . the outside patio is a great place to eat and have a drink .
awesome food , clean place , cool satff , i like that place
good sandwich , not the best in boulder though . try dish or jimmy and drews if you want a real sandwich .
me i have a jetta . them i don't work on volkswagens . nothing else to say .
this is a most excellent place to stap by and have brunch .
marriot is centrally located to so much that is downtown boston . negatives they don't validate parking . restauant is overpriced .
they let us in barefoot so that's a plus . i also wasn't wearing pants . food didn't suck .
had a huge , fresh tasting , undistinguished vegetable soup for lunch .
it was okay for work lunch . tad overpriced in my opinion , service and quality was just average .
maple bacon waffle is too heavy on the maple glaze . three pieces of hot bacon is a win .
now continental sausage . great deals and delish ! also a bit dangerous as i may over indulge on deli meat .
black garlic ramen is definitely worth the stank garlic breath service is usually pretty good .
just okay . service was very cordial and accommodated our numerous request thanks to our kids .
plain and simple , it was pretty good , but for the money i expected better ! won't be rushing back !
the salon was empty and service was was slow to acknowledge me they changed techs doing my nails way
newly updated and good service normally . i os still mcdonald's but this is a nicer one .
its always very crowed and loud . the food is usually pretty good and the service is ok .
food was ok . don't order the pad thai . too greasy and not enough flavor . the spring rolls are good .
found baby cockroaches roaming around and smelled old people farting like they're at home . x
place is good but i found wax paper in my kale potato cakes when i got to the middle .
hush puppies . so delish ! good bourbon cocktail , pricey though
food is decent . they have some beautiful masks in the hallway and a very nice location and great staff .
radicchio salad was amazing . mediocre inattentive service . burgers came out medium rare
yummy food ! a little expensive . service was good . place could use a little tlc . i'd go back .
took a rental one way to montreal , the process was pretty painless and reasonably priced
good buffet . quality of the food could be better . i will say they have plenty of options .
i had fun sampling the tapas menu here . and i had a coupon , which made the price painless .
solid italian food . not great , not on the order of moretti's or even caffe davinci but it's cheap and fast .
nothin special , nothin to really complain about . munchies ! . the cheesy bread is bomb tho
trendy street food style location . tasting vinegar were unique and the fish sauce wings were really good .
my husband spent over . it wasn't all that i heard it was caked up to be . maybe we have dine in .
great burger ! seating is limited , but if you have a big party , they'll sit you next door .
the food was ok . i could have been more flavorful and the sausage was disgusting .
. stars for a good kobe burger and okay cocktails .
three star pizza is aptly named . well done , sir ! you correctly predicted your yelp rating .
foods not bad , i give it a out of a possible
ordered take out coconut curry hot and got home and there was no spice at all . very disappointed .
food was outstanding . service sucked . i was really disappointed because we really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food .
typical target . don't even remember what i came in for but i found it , bought it , and left .
i like going to this theater because it is convenient . it usually is pretty dirty though .
another brew pub with good beer and so so food . i feel trend here .
was absolutely unimpressed with my take out today ! gave them coz cashiers waitress was great .
outdoor seating is fairly nice for good days cocktails were great food is pretty mediocre to poor
good burgers customized to your liking . numerous locations throughout the southeast . fast , friendly service . say no more .
nice place to go for some southern food and a good atmosphere . i've been several times and it's pleasantly nice .
good bbq but not great . atmosphere is very fun and conveys the old fashioned bbq focus .
short menu with standard offerings . food is standard barbeque . they also have chicken . the location and downtown environment is super .
two words , fried chicken .
good cajun tots and good drinks . the staff is friendly . service could be a little faster .
good beer selection . never went when crowded . never had food .
i love irish pubs this one is pretty cool . a good place for meeting friends for a few pints .
always good beer , always bad service . the food is also hit or miss . the back patio is a gem !
food is good but not great . your going for the character breakfast . very expensive for a buffet
good weekday lunch option . the food quantity was not bad . they do lack consistency though
it was an airport , very busy and slow . the food choices were okay , but not great .
a nice spot for mall shopping . very pleasant atmosphere and nice staff . food was fresh and tasty
good value for bucks good to try but maybe not our thing .
good for fast food and dollar items . not the best location , but it works .
great flavor , good pizza . im was in march and i had normal experiencie
nice decor . food was ok . overpriced
this place makes good french fries and burgers . it's a fun bar scene too .
great donuts but the service was sub par . guy was an a on the phone . treat customers better .
needed some lotion , candy and pitstick quick ! mission accomplished ! smelling like nothing !
basically overrated . sorry . the food is okay . i like the margaritas though !
small burgers and fries . it's alright but there are plenty of better burger joints .
very fast ! quality has gone down since first opened but still a good place to go if avoiding starbucks .
soup and service was great . food was mediocre . burrito bowl wasn't very fresh at all .
as of now , only indian restaurant with consistent quality and tasy food . wait time is the only downside .
imbalanced . entrees and salad was great . service and dessert were poor . will not return .
did a great job except forgot a service and blamed the customer for not being clear . sad about dishonesty .
really liked the atmosphere here . didn't come in hungry , but would absolutely go back to try the food .
i may have my birthday party there in march ! i'm really looking forward to eating there again !
not bad , not better than chipotle or qdoba , not worse . just average
too small ! othwerwise its a goodwill just like the rest of them .
good hearty fast food ! the ice cream to go is a great feature .
store closed ? they are not listed on the online mall directory . and their phone number does not work .
pros good tasting food . quick . decent interior and staff cons way too expensive and small portions .
i had heard a lot of good things about this place but it wasn't for me ! it didn't feel clean !
expensive for what was provided . restauant in vancouver is great catering not as good
overall food is good . typical sports bar . good place to watch a game and family friendly .
burger was dry . bun and everything . service was very friendly but really slow . i'll try again .
great tacos , fresh ingredients , and reasonably priced . similar to subway , but better .
red velvet cake and wine just a ok . not the best . nothing memorable really .
food was tasty . had mole enchiladas , a tad pricey , service could have been more attent
free pool sunday nights ! smooth tables , a great dj , and cheap drinks what more do you need ?
great service great result ! clean up needs to improve wax still on the car after services .
they have grilled wings without breading which are really good .
food is average . staff is friendly . my waffles were doughy , i recommend ordering from the specials .
it's great to get a quick bite . i was happier when it used to have bubble teas .
wanted to try this for a long time . although our service was spectacular the food was a let down .
average texmex however they have a salsa bar and escabeche bar . i love escabeche .
a great place to hit . chop suey sandwich .
decent beers on tap and drinks . food was underwhelming . terrible nachos , used ballpark cheese and tostitos .
good food . my combo biryani only had pieces of shrimp in it though
it's simple , tacos . easy enough breakfast option . not too greasy and decent salsa . carry on .
it's really just your typical burger joint . the food tastes solid , but it cost about for burger and fries .
pretty good thrifting up in herre . two shirts and a wafflemaker for .
if you like buffet style with a menu option you'll love nori nori . great start . great potential
sat outside and had a fresh tasty cheesesteak pita . nothing spectacular but got the job done .
average pizza . nice beer selection . definitely better pizza options in columbus and close by .
the portions were little , i was still hungry afterwards but the food is good .
friendly staff , good service , decent food though nothing special . salad dressing was really good . caters to an older crowd .
had a lot of nail colors to choose from which i was impressed by . customer service was very good .
decent burger , little pricey , good location for the rose garden . fries are a tad below average .
it was pretty good
it's a nice place to chill ! the live music was a plus point . unfortunately not much vegetarian options in food
inner space too cramp , i would recommend other summermoon coffee . the coffee is the same as any other summermoon .
would've been five stars if they delivered a couch that wasnt broken on the first and second time .
good sandwiches . the turkey with strawberry jam had great flavor . i'm not a fan of the coffee , taste if off .
service moderately stuff not friendly . food fresh but waiting long time and wrong oder . atmosphere it's good .
got a greek salad with gyro meat on top . delicious ! my only issue is that it's expensive .
they need to learn how to get their act together so many things done that delayed actually ordering
their pad kee maw is not good . it was like degrees in there . the owner is really nice though .
noodle street is delishhhhh drunken noodles are fantastic ! only downside is that allegedly they have rats .
pretty simple , limited menu , but the quality is generally good .
burrito was okay . the service was friendly both times i was here . i'll try the tacos next time .
totally fine . food is ok . service is fine . fun atmosphere . a welcome and needed addition to the perimeter area .
it was just ok . boston lettuce salad , veal parm no crunch .
an airport food option with locally sourced ingredients and a decent burger ? sign me up .
friendly people , prices are higher than some other stations about . . employees seem happy and like thy are having fun
compared to most margaritaville's this one has limited menu . not a bad spot at city walk
pretty good taco , had the pirata , woodfired top sirloin , in flour tortillia , with white queso , and avocado , grilled . yumminess !
the food is ok , but not great . i wouldn't go back .
better than the georgia richards which is closed on saturdays . good size branch , feels yuppish .
decent gelato . certainly not the best i've ever had . super long line . i wouldn't say that it's worth the wait .
this gas is more expensive but forgot to get it before work
just okay . wasn't blown away by the food . disappointed by the small portions that were overpriced .
wings aren't bad but they often get your to go order wrong leaving out sauces you've paid for etc .
the chicken was a little sketchy . had a few rubbery pieces but other than that , good tacos .
cute boutique with great merchandise i'll rate this place again when i see how the merchandise holds up !
average north portland bar . cheap food , a couple pool tables , older keno crowd , and an outdoor smoking section .
great hot chocolate ! and a great selection of san pelligrino wish i'd had time to try more !
a haiku review of ground kontrol has its place in time . frogger , donkey kong , kombat . was just too dirty .
nice and friendly staff . clean dining area will stop here again if i'm in the area and craving chicken .
sushi was not bad . very overpriced unless you're getting stuff half off or the happy hour deal
fairly expensive but quality furniture . the sales people were easy going and not pushy .
the inside design is great , nice place , but the food is not so good . it is tasty , but not korean .
went back and the service was good along with the food . have to upgrade my rating .
noisy but quick . fun but not for everyone . the food is pretty good , not qourmet .
the food wasn't bad for cheap chinese .
price was good . food and service were ok . not your typical disney restaurant . not worth trying again .
fun dancing a definite alternative to boston nightlife if you're in allston as opposed to desiring heading downtown
food was good but pricey and for me , the quantity was so so . friendly staff no military discounts
super cute , and chic place . staff seems very nice and professional . bikini wax only lasted a week , bummer .
pricey . but the best salad place around . good soup . always fresh everything . i like them
definitely did not see what the hype was about . pizza tasted quite ordinary .
barista was definitely rude but the interior was beautiful and the beverage was really good . i'd definitely go again .
delivery was really fast . pretty tasty turkey tom with cheese . gargantuan was also good huge pickles ! good value !
the sushi is tasty and the prices are great . it is not fancy schmancy but it hits the spot !
a little overpriced . portions are large but food isn't amazing .
best mi xao don i've ever eaten .
manuel r out waiter was great provided prompt service ! but the fish taco was a bit spicy
great bartenders , yummy cocktails , douchey waiters
love the atmosphere but service could have been better . will try again as everyone is entitled to a bad day .
the food is ok , but definitely not worth the price . nothing special about the salmon benny , it's actually pretty salty .
bad cold noodle and mixed rice with seafood and vegetable . not worth the money .
burgers are decent and if you like grease dripping down your arm , so are the fries .
great decor and the espresso was delicious . lots of options , including a zucchini muffin that i wish i'd tried .
it was good food but nothing special . good presentation . a bit of a long wait for lunch .
surprisingly good food , but don't go on weekend nights when it turns into a crowded meat market .
good mexican fast food . but staffs here are not friendly and very disappointing .
the beer selection was great , waitress was friendly , but the cape codder was way too salty .
decent burger place located near everything in oswego . it had a nice beer selection . the burger i had was decent .
great coffee , cold service .
very small facility . felt very squished . although service was pretty good , the space was not suited for a relaxing experience
great tacos on the eastside . very flavorful . make sure you bring cash no debit or credit cards .
this restaurant cannot compare with hale vietnam in honolulu . nothing fancy . fast service . pho combination was satisfying .
beer was great . pretzel was yummy . the service was less than desirable . barmaids and bartenders were grumpy and not helpful .
average chinese food . i thought the westford location was better . maybe things are slipping since the pandemic .
nice enough , but , burnt ends should be sliced , un sauced , delicious . not chopped up scraps with sauce . still good , though .
stuffed avocado . sauce on the side . thank me later .
they tacked on gratuity charge beware . i asked the to remove it and they did . the nerve .
california roll was good . curry shrimp could use some more spice . only one waitress and she was stretched thin .
sushi yasu recently changed ownership . it is now called sushi box .
they have improved the lighting in the parking lot and it feels much safer .
food is good and service is good , but for me personally , the music and decor are just annoying .
great carrot soup , ok crab cake , great service from chelsea
good service , driver was ok , limo was nice . thank you
my turkey sandwich had slice of turkey . i asked for more , and got another single slice . abundance , people !
the place is neat because it's in a bookstore , but the food is just average .
went here with my girlfriend during portland dining month , food was okay but the portions were too small
not bad chinese , considering few better options in somerville porter square area
lovely ambiance , nice french white , fabulous restroom . but . cash only ! really ! get a bloody card machine . who assumes everyone carries american currency ?
food is typical for a pub like place . it isn't a pub . draft selection is good . service is good .
workers tried their best , but since it's on campus , please expect terrible waiting lines .
clean but the baked goods are par at best . had some sort of coconut loaf . dry and somewhat flavorless
prices are very low , but the selection is nothing too impressive . the cause is good ! i love cats !
the food is good overall , but check your bill to make sure it has been charged and added correctly .
a burger before a movie at the coolidge . why not ?
good coffee , friendly staff . the seating situation got territorial . people camp out and swap out w other friends .
just been in to check it out . nice little shop and the woman working was very friedly .
too late . danny ting has left atlanta ! no longer at coco's . that was quick !
shared a burger and the beef dip . juicy decent burger . dip was flavourful . above average pub food
not bad for generic if that's your thing . menu is way too long like cheesecake factory .
to the new owners why did your chive dumplings with the shrimp in it get so small ! ? ! ? not cool !
this place has the saltiest steaks i've ever had in my life . not a good experience . not going back .
was at loca luna last night for a holiday party . food was good , mojitos were excellent . overall good experience
very busy and noisy restaurant . ate the aburri sushi and got the runs
went here for happy hour , service was quite quick . drinks were still a bit pricey but worth a visit .
ok nothing special . lacks pizzazz
very nice place just more a bar environment food was fast and interesting tasty deep fried brussel sprouts
update i did get a message from the owner about their shop refurbishing the damaged rim free of charge .
the pizza is reasonably good , however , is overpriced for what you get . i do think they are seriously over rated .
mgmt ultimately offered to resolve the situation to my satisfaction . enjoyed the restaurant in particular .
slow service . personally i think the seating is odd . food is very good . pricing is meh .
this place is a little loud , it's a good date night spot . the staff are good . parking right in front .
lobster rolls are very large but not flavorful ! needs lots of salt and lemon . cole slaw was tasty
i had fun but dolphin plunge hurt me and my friend back and the rides are not that exited .
meh . food was average . lots of tourists not that bad a thing but certainly not the best trailer in town .
this is a nice place for preppy clothes . great for big hats yeah , ok , i have one , nice socks
coffee and food are good but wish there was more comfortable seating cozy atmosphere .
they don't have that delicious burger on happy hour . lots of new employees too so the vibe is different .
why it take forever to deposit a single check . there is windows teller but only one is open .
better than pizza hut worse than freshslice obvious that they use frozen dough kind of disappointing
not the place to go if you're on a mission . great selection of stores . downfall . teenagers hangout spot .
casual greek cafe food . great for the money . not bad food either .
staff was great especially josh but the bed in had springs you could feel .
the cut was decent , but rushed each time . i went twice before deciding tonfind somewhere new .
food was ok . not bad , def not bad just not as good as i expected .
no electric outlets for phones etc at the nightstand
enjoyed shrimp and chipotle chicken taco on my first visit . i will go again to try other dishes
service good . food eh
fried pickles are the best ! new menu is a lot better . cover after . band didn't start til .
ah okish , just ordinary american food . good for drinks and groups
completely average in every regard .
it's a popeyes . doesn't deserve a page long review . it's popeyes
i can tell you that the bulgogi was nothing special and the portion size of my order was small .
the burgers are ok , i was hoping for more . not near as good as bartleys .
they did a great job in shaping eyebrows and cleaning up . they take their time in doing the work .
if you r looking for better than average airport food then this will serve you fine .
some really cute clothing . great selection of work and fun outfits .
this place puts pizzacato to shame . definitely great pizza !
great atmosphere , but i thought the food was just ok . recommended if a good time is what you want .
truly middle of the road experience . food was ok . atmosphere was fun .
really fun place . great burgers and sandwiches . my favorite is the corn fritters !
sometimes waiting in long lines are worth it . aaaahhhhhhh , for the love of starbucks !
meh . it's mcdonalds . food is cheap , service sucks and the food sometimes comes out okay . nothing special .
good american chinese food . friendly and fast . dining room isn't that great . good general toss .
decent . entrees were disappointing . good appetizers . perfect place to hit a bar and have some apps .
cool playground but no shade . it's good for fall winter time but too hot for summertime
nice but expensive and small liquor portion . oz drinks . great place for just hookah and cigars .
not my type of food but the atmosphere was amazing ! great place to go have happy hour !
pretty good compared to other fast food asian places . a decent number of dishes and quick service .
no wifi . no bathrooms . lackluster customer service . its only saving grace is the aesthetic vibe and the actual coffee .
decent noodle soup place with clean bathrooms , fast service , and dependable food . soothing and hot on a cold winter evening .
the food is just ok our waiter was overly talkative , and service was very slow including drink refills
damn good coffee , the lady at the pay counter was extremely rude to us . still you should'nt miss it .
we found some cute halloween and fall decorations . costume selection is wide . multiple colors available to match your party theme .
it's a starbucks . what it lacks in greatness , it makes up for in consistency . thanks , local starbucks crew !
very outdated , breakfast was cold , and way overpriced ! staff very friendly . room are very clean and organized .
decent . pho was flavorful . other dishes were fine but not memorable . good , friendly service .
a must for those visiting portland for the first time . blood orange mojito and lamb are pure gold !
the service was exceptional . the chips , guac and taco were really good . nice atmosphere .
nice environment only thing i wish was better were the prices . . it's so expensive for concessions there .
did someone poison the rat ? the number's disconnected .
simple , but tasty ! it's nice to come here with friends , especially on weekends
food was good at least for meat eating people . but limited options for vegetarian's .
update dec nd corporate called and apologized and made things right updating to a three star from one star .
my food was mediocre it just doesn't compare to other great indian restaurants in austin .
despite the name focusing on the 'fajitas' aspect of the menu , the pulled pork sandwich is quite good .
the food is good , fresh , creative . for me just too heavy with garlic ,
not a fan thay are creative but . the topping are stale . fruit loops and cookies were stale . i was disapointed
cheapest rates , great location and friendly staff . free wifi but just a place to sleep .
so so .
what's the deal with hanging the bag out the window in cold weather . i dont want my food to get cold !
great food . love the chicken waldorf salad !
smoothies great , people nice . bathrooms always very dirty ! i'm probably not alone when i say customers appreciate a clean restroom .
trendy . hipster . hipster . hipster . food was . decent . service was alternately horrible and alright . food was decent to good .
enjoyed the lunch buffet and the price . really great tandoori chicken and goat curry , but the selection could be larger .
i love coke . this place is definitely a tourist attraction . it's cool for kids . adults no not really .
stakes okay service good atmosphere excellent price reasonable
what was so spiecial here guys ? just had a normal cup of coffee with a min wait .
drinks were decent but the bar is really dark .
food for delivery tastes good but just small portion . don't know if it is because of the rise in cost .
don't get the big chop here it's not worth the money save your money and go to a barber shop .
recieved my rent renewal offer and my rent increased by almost . i will not miss the music next door !
house margarita is basically expensive water . other than that the food was good and the overall experience was above par .
great service , good food , the table side guac is yum ! large portions , you won't leave hungry .
yummy , quick , no nonsense . slightly oily , but hit the spot . tofu noodles and spring rolls !
it's a fun small local barbecue place , i like the cozy atmosphere but nothing really special about their food
coffee was solid and the baked good options looked decent but not overly tempting . good for a quick drop in .
food was bland . maybe they are having growing pains . i hope they improve .
i'm getting old . these sorts of rides give me motion sickness .
ehhh you sometimes find good things and other times your like meh some things are over priced
photo texas was very considerate and refunded my money .
service is fair . food is good and the place is clean . speedy service .
the food is good but it's way overpriced , especially considering that this isn't a sit down restaurant .
decent . better than hei la moon . i don't feel either offer a great representation of good dim sum food however .
upscale creative take on traditional southern favorites . fun energetic ambiance in midtown .
great chocolate orgy with big scoops and fair prices . can't complain .
this airport is a cinch to use if you avoid cruise line dis embarkation days .
had a below par pastrami sandwich here , but the place has a lot of interesting choices .
good service , excellent prices , great location . just decent food but definitely a good value and i'm glad we tried it
the staff is nice . i got a burrito for . that was mostly rice with two pieces of fish .
had their clam chowder . good , nothing great . the mug size was good enough and priced right .
am , this place is a mecca of cholesterol goodness . the perfect cure to the too many beers syndrome
good service but the food was mediocre typical cain restaurant quality . family friendly .
quality of chicken has really gone down . i was disappointed . french fries are never good .
my son likes this place . low key , reasonably priced , good sushi , parking in the back . everyone is friendly
my meal was over seasoned , but my service was great .
first time here when at epcot . poor service , small portions , high prices . don't think we will be back !
best drink is a pink surf . food is meh !
enjoyed lunch here on wednesday of this week ordered the shorty rib pretzel melt , disappointed on portions and price .
mmmm ! i love their colombian food here . especially their empanadas with the pink sauce .
not a bad place for a quick burger . better burgers than shakeshack . thick shake tho . unable to pull through my straw .
pretty decent sandwiches , bread is always really good . small selection of hot sandwiches .
a nice and big wal mart . helpful for those who are camping nearby in blue springs state park ! open hours .
food was excellent . however i set in the bar lobby area and unfortunately the service was horrible .
it's cute inside , but has an intersting smell . their mango bubble tea was alright .
not half bad subway , as subways go . the staff is really friendly , and you get exactly what you expect .
good food definitely pricey but they are in lake oswego
all of these premium outlets are basically the same . this one is ok but wear you waking shoes .
food is good , portion is small . we also had the fried cheesecake with ice cream yum ! .
i think chambar is overrated . the service and presentation are really good but the food never made me wow
decent beer selection , average food , average service , average prices .
doesn't hold a candle to dos toros in nyc . but it ain't bad at all .
great for that cheap slice of pizza ! tasty and has a great location on mass ave .
really good bands including bad fish sublime cover band . wide open space for causing some trouble too .
chicken wasn't cooked in the middle and a little too expensive for my tastes . wont be going back
i liked the cocktails , but wished i got more for my money . great place for drinks and apps .
quite literally a tunnel ! great music and light effects , but much too small for my vibe !
read the fine print on all offers remember that your experience will vary depending on your barista
she's closin . sad but true . dang recession !
best fast food joint around here . a bit pricey but tasty .
root beer float big let down way to small root beer warm plastic cup not chilled sundae awesome though
slow , just super slow ! took mins to get my to go order . i guess least the food was decent
very crowded . don't go on half price wednesday unless you want to be trampled
the lobster rolls and crab cakes are my favorite . it is a little noisy but pretty good for a group .
went there for happy hour . was not impressed with the food . none of it seemed seasoned well . great atmosphere though .
inconsistent , expensive for what you get , and not a comfortable space .
meh . we were really excited to eat here tonight and left underwhelmed . it was all just kinda meh .
overrated for food but the experience for the kids was great ! food was average nothing special !
nice hotel , clean room , pool was closed for two nights we stayed . disappointed the kids for their evening plans .
wow , what a tequila list . the food was alright . the tequila was loco .
goood donuts . went here to say that we had while on vacation . line moves fast , fun atmosphere .
came here one night for drinks . your typical pleasant boston neighborhood bar .
pretty average decent raw pieces of peces at regular prices , nothing amazing nothing fantastic , just a ok .
it was pretty good . really enjoyed the biscuits .
they did an ok job but they had a infestation of fruit flies that were everywhere , gross !
the service was great . shoutout to akina . but the food was not as good as i thought
your average neighborhood grill . pub food . i had the parmesan garlic wings , which were quite good , a little salty .
the burgers are good . still not sure if it's worth for two burgers and one beer before tip .
going downhill . used to be awesome . the service is great but they are cutting corners
haven't been here in months . noodles seem different . i was wondering if it was different owners . hmmm . curious .
one of the cheaper places to pick up an oil change in cbus . call ahead , in and out .
yes i come here for free wireless . the have a coke freestyle here . nice flat screens
good chinese food in buda . worth a try and great to have some more optional locally .
richard blase's food made my fart . in front of my girlfriend ! and i paid how much for this ?
it was ok . nothing stood out . nothing was wrong . if you're close by it's perfectly fine .
server was good but service was ridiculous slow and they weren't even busy . food was good as normal though !
what can i say , it's a book store . starbucks is attached which is nice . lots space to read .
food quality , price portion size are reasonable . not bad for getting a quick bite for lunch
eh . it'll do . if i'm hungry i won't mind eating it . not super impressed taste wise tacos were somewhat bland
david k . was our server and he was fantastic ! good food , great service .
this practice closed two years ago according to amelia herself but google won't take the page down .
the food tastes good , but the service is snappy and the food is overpriced . therefore the stars .
like this place . good food . somewhat pricey . nice atmosphere
always a favorite , go too restaurant . food is always prepared perfectly and the staff is friendly and happy to you .
food was just average . service was fine . beer selection for a smaller joint was very good !
pretty decent ramen and sushi place . it's small so it does get packed .
friendly staff , dry baked goods , tres leches seems made with stale left overs .
veritable quandary , indeed . what does it matter ? they are shuttering soon anyway . the drinks were awful .
well priced not best quality , but certainly does the job . complaint return policy is not good .
we sat outside and had a good , but unmemorable meal . it was a little pricey .
their breakfast is good but the soy milk had a strange aftertaste to it . i recommend getting the rice ball .
well made drinks , good service , sloppy burger with ok fries . nothing too spectacular but pleasant enough .
food was ok . just pricey . that's normal for truck stops since they have a captive audience
the food was very good but service was horrible . took mins to get our appetizers !
so overrated . cash only , long lines for average cannoli . it's rich and sweet , but very overrated .
a head shop where you can buy toilet paper , juice , snacks , and smut .
service was great food was good but the flies omg the flies what's up with that it was really annoying .
good chicken and mac n cheese ! topochico water was a good end to the meal . quick service , in and out !
pork cheek and lobster mac . pork ok , lobster mac garlicky buttery tasty . ate at the bar
love the sweet potato fries and the onion soup by chef fernado !
good spot , food , and beer . just don't expect a bier garten proper .
two stars for food quality . added a star for the great staff and cheerful surroundings .
beautiful hotel , great location , lovely rooms . the room service is astonishingly horrible . walk a few blocks and eat anywhere else !
solid three stars . food is just okay . service is just okay . i think i'm done here .
i love this place . it is soooo south of france . great grilled ham and cheese .
my better half who is vietnamese has proclaimed this place quite good . so there .
go for a beer or two . forget the food . just ok . don't wait in line . really not worth it if crowded
three stars . although there are many food choices , it is not sanitary not relaxing and almost impossible to find seating
i don't even remember this place . so ehhh i guess it was ok .
pho is decent . huge portions and fast service . customer service needs to be worked on big time .
whadya need to know about friendly's ?
underwhelming wok fried noodles peppercress salad and rolls were dope a bit overpriced .
cheap low decent average quality of cantonese cuisine . huge place . separate vegetarian kitchen . not crowded or busy .
food is great but there is very slow service ! but the design of this building is
pricy for the quantity of the serving . a side of falafel is . the food was fresh though
i was a fan years ago . the food is great . the service at night not so much .
good community store . please support if you can
sushi was just ok . ambiance wasn't that great . i will probably not ever go back unless i was really desperate .
pizza is good . italian sub is zero stars . no meat and the bread was almost soggy
decent food , nice servers but nothing special . i'd rather go to an ihop or waffle house personally .
great food , but they are tacos , not made of gold . too expensive and i felt majorly rushed !
good quality and great customer service but corporate . a little pricey unless you shop their clearance section .
average menu , bagels are a bit oily cheesy . great coffee !
service is whatever . i ordered chinese water spinach with garlic , and chicken pot , which is slightly salty to me .
this place was okay . the specials didn't have prices which was odd .
just a quick note they no longer do the monthly pig roast advertised here .
my boyfriend loves this place . great jeans and when they are on sale you get your monies worth
we both had the chicken fried steak . very good ! service was ok . great location by the hilton .
i had the chicken quesadillas lunch special , came with rice and refried beans . it was good .
solid espresso drinks , but not fantastic . excellent atmosphere , and very good scones .
they don't fix photosmart or inkjet printers .
it took over minutes to order because their system is very slow . food was alright wouldn't return honestly !
this was my first visit , and the food was decent . the drinks were good , and the service was attentive .
nice size servings very flavorful gravy i like it !
reasonable prices and decent lumber . nothing out of the ordinary . always prefer local over international chains like home depot .
quality irish pub , a well poured pint of guinness , what more needs to be said ?
used to be good . now it's mediocre . service is not very good and you are charged for extra side dishes .
excellent foieburger setting and service but very average brocolli beet salad and over spiced carrot ginger soup .
overall , my experience here has been pretty good and they work hard to resolve any issues .
nice change from cart food . clean and delicious . out of all the bowls down town its the best .
firebox has been going down hill since my last review . i also cook my own bbq now
smelled like a foot in here . decent selection of toppings , only or so ice cream flavors though
everything was in order until i used their restrooms . other than that , pretty clean and great customer service .
silly stringgggggggg ! and gum . yay dollar stores .
this is a good place to stop by for happy hour . good deals and really nice bartenders .
fun outdoor art park , but not worth a special trip .
food tastes fine , but they are drastically overpriced . servings are small , too .
good food , but kind of slow , small , and all around not a great atmosphere .
parking is easy . used to be my fav until co workers introduce sichuan gourmet .
food's good since considering there's not much vietnamese joints around .
got the chicken thali . the service was good . the waiter was really friendly . food was a ok .
for coffee in the neighborhood , it's the best you can get . they also have some good snacks and breakfast bagels .
love the ambiance . even in the morning time . coffee is ok . appreciate the fruit . i'll skip the food .
it's a subway . quick service .
exceptional wings the other things on the menu were just ok . great atmosphere and good service
a fine burger place , though unexceptional . meat is fine . toppings fine . service is pretty good . just not great .
nice vibe nice view . do not get a small it's too small , got a small cappuccino , was very cold .
not very tasty food , only good if nothing else is open and if you're drunk hung over . nuff said .
it's good , but not as good as the one in midtown . i want my fried mac n cheese balls .
sweet and sour chicken wasn't that great but the pho was very good . the employees were nice as well
i am always kind of luke warm on this place , like the drinks but maybe just not for me .
pretty much a pre game show dive bar . lots of tables , decent food , good beer .
food was ok . the atmosphere and food was geared to old geezers . prices were not bad
they are alright
fun happy hour place but don't order the poutine for a snack . it's super salty and umm well . just kinda meh .
i've been here twice , and it's nice . not that different from other similar gardens .
good italian pastries that are more delicately made than mike's pastry . the lobster tail is like pounds .
yummy ! amazing salsa and vegetarian selections . plus they are locally owned , bonus !
lively place . decent beer list . ok service . food menu is lacking .
delicious coffee but grumpy staff . baristas are especially snooty here which is a huge bummer .
just a typical burger king . nothing special . not overly friendly and regular food as usual . quick fast service .
three star curry with a side of uncle ben's like rice . not thrilled .
read the non recommended reviews . interesting space , tomato soup was rich but quite yummy .
make sure you ask for extra ranch or blue cheese because the amount they give you is unbelievably small .
nice ambiance . very cool lobsters .
great juices , good arepas . they were out of guava and they don't take american express !
not bad but no my favorite . our friends fav . great service . had beef pho and a meat filled bun .
food was pretty good , outdoor patio is awesome . i'd eat there again .
good service . i'm not a local so my review is of a single experience . good was as expected .
the miso hot will sneak up on you . very rich in flavor . not the best ramen i've sampled , but still decent .
breakfast is really good . i don't care for the lunch menu . my fish didn't taste very flavorful .
good , but too busy . waiting for food is silly with all of the great options nearby .
i misread the menu . sashimi and sushi dinner does not include gyoza . that's why i didn't get any !
this is pretty good . brunch is solid . however service can be really slow when the red sox are playing .
crab fried rice is pretty good . do not order the crab puffs . they are disgusting . and i usually love crab puffs .
cool atmosphere and decor but mediocre food and service . signature ribeye , i expected better quality and preparation .
guys and girls type gayberhood bar . great for early drinks . not too busy in the afternoon but still fun .
really gotta switch up the tater recipe . those things are grease bombs and just not very good .
great atmosphere , great bartenders and servers . i recommend the truffle fries and the house manhattan !
the staff was great the few times we've gone . nice layout . food has been hit and miss .
had the paella for the price it was ok , really dry though . the drinks however , were absolutely delicious !
the pad thai was extremely bland just overall blah .
best donuts in town but the wait is ridiculous
you can't pump your own gas in oregon . i feel like i tripped into the wayback machine .
good tacos my fav is cheese quesadilla and fried beans margaritas with mezcal highly recommend it
it's good . it's expensive . it's not mind blowing . i'd go here again , but it's a rare occasion .
good but not great . definitely too greasy . brown sugar cafe or s i thai nearby are definitely much better options .
the only thing good about uncle julio's are the margaritas . the good is okay and the service sucks .
coldest beer i have ever had . food was alright , but definitely good for after work brews !
decent mexican food at good prices . taquitos were nothing special and the burrito was good . would consider going back .
hole in the wall , but delicious , reasonably priced and fast . thanks !
lamb kabobs were pretty good , not your typical food truck fare .
uninspired turkey brie , but excellent cuban . small portions for okay prices . the cobb salad was tasty , but nothing special .
good experience , but sometimes the food is salty . i like their squid ink paella .
the mushroom veggie burger is just outstanding and the krinkle fries are amazing . but omg is this place expensive .
very clean , friendly , and well organized . ok food that takes longer than it should to arrive .
eh , decent food and service but frankly , i think nuba is better . wasn't blown away .
the band was great ! very fun and energetic vibe , however the service isn't all that .
food was not really impressed and staff was friendly . would have enjoyed a meal at another chain diner .
some of their dishes are amazing ! others are flavorless over battered . avoid getting things that are deep fried .
new ownership ? new menu items , new specials .
just kind of meh . got lebanese and found maybe five small diced bits of chicken . expected a bit more
very friendly staff , very clean place , great prices , just not the best pho in the area we think .
his place is closed . there was no other way for report it closer other than giving it a review .
just fine chinese food . nothing outstanding . fine service , fine soup , fine food . fine . eat there , i guess .
nice decor , attentive staff , reasonably priced , food is average , food selection good , nice ambiance , location good .
very nicely repurposed building with excellent rustic atmosphere . incredibly friendly staff . very tasty bbq . try the sweet house mustard !
not my favorite taco place and felt like they over charge for drinks , make sure you check for prices .
food was good got a pizza and some pretzels . beer was decent . staff was really slow .
the only chain lingerie store that regularly stocks dd at a reasonable price .
good burgers . great thirsty planet on tap .
very nice place , smashing food , my only complain was it took the waitress mins to even acknowledge me .
excellent location , great nice facility however service is super slow . had to flag two bartenders to get service .
solid downtown dive bar . quiet on the night we were there , but then again it was a tuesday !
great location and family friendly atmosphere . i had the yoga teacher . tons of gooey cheese .
great donuts weird selections but neat . just way to over priced and haven't been back .
it's a decent sports bar , lots of tv's , and good food . convienent right off rt .
good calzones not proper calzones with rocotta cheese , but good notheless .
ok food . a little pricey . kids had fun .
mint julep awesome . fried chicken great . southern cookin' in the pacific northwest that doesn't suck priceless . enjoy !
great patio outdoorspace . drinks are alright .
just ordered the one time from here . wasn't anything special , didn't stand out .
been going here forever . good ice cream . cheaper than most places in somerville . now serving sandwiches !
ordered takeout . wing were good but the southwest salad was one of the worst i've ever had .
the food was average , the cost and service were acceptable . no enthusiasm .
went there today and found lots of things but they were all way overpriced . left the store with two items .
good sale on blu ray movies ! very busy location !
sober roger ugh , this place looks filthy drunk roger i'll have two slices of pepperoni please
decent ramen close to work ! their taiyaki was also a nice touch to the meal .
over priced corporate affair foods good but yeah not that good
this is quite a busy place i would recommend that you make a reservation ahead of time !
very healthy and pretty tasty bowls , but does not deserve the stars this has on this site .
i don't understand the hype . it's ok .
good beer , serviceable food , always pleasant wait staff . a good option for downtown
very nice . if you live in the neighborhood it is a great standby restaurant . . reasonably priced .
food is just ok . not a big fan of southern food , so take my review for what it is worth .
fun spot ! food is okay , but it's worth coming for drinks . definitely make a reservation .
food was great , but the staff was less than friendly . i had to essentially beg for information about menu items .
cuban sandwiches we're tasty ! drinks were in particularly great . the atmosphere was timid for weekend . overall , it was nice
nice museum , lots of art , beautiful grounds , was disappointed that not all sculptures were originals .
great falafel , but they had an extremely limited menu on saturday . no eggplant dip , greek salad or tabbuleh .
nice lanes . come during a week night . management and music is garbage on the weekends .
everything was bland . egg rolls , crab rangoon , pork fried rice , even the general tso chicken . i wasn't really impressed .
not impressed by the ice cream quality , tasted worse than ben n jerry's and definitely salt and straw !
good place to buy a few things if u dont want to stop by the market . good service
decent music even though the dj doesn't know how to mix a beat or transition between songs !
giant slices but the sauce but i felt the sauce was a little overbearing .
average pizza . not bad really , but not amazing either . huge slices though . i couldn't have more than one .
didn't have exactly what i wanted but was able to help out with my toga costume accessories . go rainbow belt .
food was great , service not so much . we pretty much felt unwelcome the whole time we were there .
good espresso and coffee , terrible part of town and so loud . watch out you don't get mugged .
nice , ac , jurassic park and good music but bad beer
great atmosphere but not the best tacos in town . location is prime , service is great , lemonades are delicious .
stopped by for lunch cuz i wanted to try a bao . honestly i was pretty disappointed .
the security guy opens the door for me . i like that
decent beer selection and vibe . nothing fantastic about this bar , but wasn't too bad either .
i reaaalllly don't get the hype . this is for tourists , not locals . the donuts are about supermarket quality .
nothing i'd flock to . the music inside was way toooo loud . didn't eat . the happy hour drinks were affordable .
i have only had a gyro here . it was good in taste and portion . i would eat here again .
warning went to restaurant today and it was closed ! i was looking forward but they should update website .
just like any other starbucks . great food and drinks . always consistent and with starbucks standard quality .
food was great but i guess i am used to the killer burger in bingen , food wasn't as exciting here
drove by and did not stop because it looked like recess at a nursery school .
cute and quaint ! i like to porch seating the best . food was okay , nothing to brag about .
their ralph lauren polo selection sucks ! they are faded n shit ! but , their other shit is ok i guess .
extreme red tacos leave red fingers and stomach a brick , craving more
great spot for photos ! if you're a foodie blogger or fashion blogger , definitely come here ! it's so cute .
the food is absolutely delicious the service sucks . raspberry basil lemonade is good as well .
i love the quality of the service but there is too much drama over there . i started going someplace else .
beautiful supermarket always find something i always have good deals hope it just get better and better
decent selection , store wasn't too messy , and line was short on a tues p . tax free !
got charged for a one day rental of a prius . way too expensive .
meat market galore . and no , it has nothing to do with the ribs and wings .
fast delivery so that was good . portion size ? kinda ok . could've been better for the price .
your hometown no frills bar . good service and decent food . it's dark but not too loud .
decent food . awful service . wrong item and the servers made it sound like it was our fault . not going back
again , today i was in this kroger and bought cod , it smelled of amonia which means the fish was decomposing .
your basic , reliable chinese restaurant . they won't deliver and can be rather rude but , like i said , it's reliable .
love their contemporary furniture , but sevice was very bad .
great ceviche and apps ! the steak with chimichurri tasted kinda burnt and tough . definitely not the best .
decent food , but super expensive , especially for atlanta .
decent eggs bennie for a cost to travel ratio
get the seabass congee . the . best . ever . service is okay typical cantonese nothing special
should've taken the advice here and got the carnitas burrito instead of the steak burrito
way over hyped . caritas taco was very good . fish taco tasted frozen , mole sauce was grossly sweet .
decent hotel , restaurant on lobby floor , good for sleeping and walking to gas stations . ?
great steaks but the restaurant is too loud and always full of smoke .
hagrid and buckbeak ! kiddie ride for little thrill , but good view of ville .
good selection and knowledgable and friendly staff . however , prices are about above market prices at financial district store .
little pricey , food was adventurous , decor was low end chic . overall , not bad .
good food , but have had several takeout and deliveries missing items . definitely check your takeout before you go .
pleasantly surprised to find an authentic new orleans restaurant with piano bar . food is good , place is romantic .
small selection of beers on tap . kinda pricey but it is an airport . friendly bartenders .
it's ok . my philadelphia roll wasn't that great because the fish was tough for some odd reason .
i usually come for the lunch specials , they are not bad for the money . the service is okay .
pho was solidly ok . portions and price are good and service was good .
the food is alright and the prices are decent . the service definitely leaves something to be desired .
cold beer , decent food . cute waitress with cool tattoos . lots of tvs .
a typical dsw . a large selection and decent prices on specific items .
cool place to hangout and keep it low key . the food wasn't anything spectacular but it did the job .
i think this place is over rated . staff is incredibly friendly bit the food was bland and boring .
food is excellent . sometimes service is slow ! they are always busy but don't seem to staff properly for it !
i really liked this place at the time , but my sns manicure already chipped after days
vintage hardware trove , but requires much sifting through the detritus . welcome alternative to ace hardware .
expected better options . if you do go the best ones are the chocolate chip cookie and the pecan praline cookie .
tourist's place . full of people . but the taste wasn't any special .
go there for lunch , sometimes , for business . expensive . but the food is always , almost invariably , good !
large portion sizes and very urban feel to the restaurant . liked the vermicelli veggie dish .
good breakfast . service is usually decent but wow you have the best grits i've ever had .
please more vegan options vegan cheese is not hard to make nor expensive to buy burgers seemed really small
like sushi , chicken skewers , chive pancake . dislike pork very dry rice or noodle dishes . no flavor .
bar food and good burgers . nice selection of draughts and plenty of tvs .
solid ingredients . nothing crazy or mind blowing but good classic pizza .
random hole in the wall kinda place with great live music ! funky asain infusion slash sushi joint . pretty cheap menu !
not my favorite chinese restaurant in the area but the lunch buffet is pretty awesome
this place has a great vibe . maybe clean up the bathrooms backstage , and a larger truck dock would be nice .
good service good food would be better if they could add more options to the menu
it's ok . food is filling and the prices compare with other southern eats type restaurants .
basic tex mex . the service was excellent , but the food is nothing special . their queso is good though .
food is good but customer service it's horrible certain employees . a smile and thank you could go a long way .
decent food but very overpriced ! had seafood pasta there and the fish in it was white and chewy .
a haiku review of mazatlan karaoke night . no waiting in line to sing . bring your party pants .
not the friendliest service , but pizza was good .
nice , friendly , thorough service , but a little overpriced for shellac mani and pedi .
best home depot in the city . i make sure to head to this location for all my hardware needs .
good service , and i really liked the owner , but over for one pair of glasses . did i pay double ?
meh , it's waffle house . it was close to the hotel . and the waitresses were quite friendly .
decent spot . open nice early . good , well prepared breakfast sandwich , but the chai tea was too sweet .
if they would change the carpet , it would be a really great place for a great rate .
i've been there a few times and it's always different and fun . always keeps changing from my first time there .
eh i've had better ! sangria is excellent but food is average at best !
came for the chicken waffles . honestly , not much flavor to the fried chicken , i expected more .
ok poke place . nothing to write home about . highlight were the scallops . salmon was a little fishy .
beautiful place , super nice staff , but the food is not great . disappointed .
strange atmosphere . average sushi . don't take your kids . they'll give you the boot at .
it's small location and theater seats are little cramped but it's decent place to watch movie .
visted this park and had a decent time , however i wouldn't go again . i like universal studios better .
good food , different taste , nice staff , i like it and specially the pork biscuits
good for wings . papaya salad was way too hot for me . maybe they added extra heat that day .
max fixed my phone quickly and for a very reasonable price , it looks essentially brand new !
we went after shopping , its was ok , nothing to brag about . i did enjoy the sauce .
good and quick delivery . reasonably priced .
nice staff , well organized , which is needed because it is quite small . sales arent great though .
don't ask your name when ordering , no thank you for your purchase . guess it comes down to managing your expectations
too salty . i used up my sauce quota for the whole year . ordered jerkmaken chicken wrap .
food is really good . staff is fine . way too cold in here . not sure we will eat inside after this .
have again the chocolate mousse was very good . croissants were good but not great .
excellent brisket . service quick but not too friendly . i liked the atmosphere overall unique stage setup .
good variety at decent prices . black raspberry was good . order for small kiddie size .
a non chain , newbury street version of tgifriday's . good brunch free beer mimosa bloody mary , relaxed atmosphere , reasonable prices .
need more employees , price comparable to office max very clean , short wait time and stock is low
nice ambience . okay service . hit and miss on food , although portion sizes are filling .
good stock of trees and plants however , staff lacks knowledge of organic gardening and products . fast to sell .
breakfast was just okay . seating was prompt and friendly . wait staff was good , food was okay and parking didn't exist .
coffee is good , small area , to sit , with outdoor seating . good surrounding area . saturday hours are closing somewhat early .
food is acceptable , but this diner is way over priced .
food is pretty good . i usually get a sandwich of some sort . staff is always good for large groups .
this fish was ok but the sweet potato hush puppies are really good
service was great ! friendly service , food cold , poor lightning ,
they're alright . nice feel , but i wasn't impressed with the food quality for the price you pay .
this place has potential but it falls short . boring , corporate vibe . unfriendly staff . mediocre and overpriced food .
it's my out of state credit union co op . friendly , clean and local .
asked for a low fade , walked out with a high and tight . otherwise it was a solid experience .
service slow and some times non existent . wings were great . not sure if we will go back .
the roasted lamb there is quite delicious . we ordered one vegetable salads , but it was too salty .
standard portland pho that is pretty good . egg rolls kind sucks tho . lots of room for seating and good service .
meh . life is too short to eat soggy crust . i suggest avoiding the quiche and the galette . good service , though .
ok chinese food . nothing great . some of the items are good . chengu chicken , chicken with garlic sauce is good .
the original milk tea is decent but the vietnamese coffee and the macaroons are so delicious !
good food , a bit too casual for me . crowded environment .
many beers bottles and draft , huge food selection , outdoor space to eat al fresco . normal price . i would come back .
kopi was cute inside but my egg dish came out cold and not very tasty . staff was friendly though .
service was a little disorganized but the food was tasty and arrived in a timely manner
i love the store but only open from pm to midnight , anyways i will call again to order
cool atmosphere . laid back libators , however , it smelled like a northern basement . oh yeah , they forgot to pump the a c !
cota great track excellent events needs work with traffic flow and vendor pricing .
it's okay no fancy stores everything is average terribly noisy
kinda divey but works and is in a good location .
great vibe going on here . it's a bar , with decent beer , darts , and space . nuff said .
under new management , i find that the portions are smaller and the food is blander and less interesting .
people should judge for themselves .
its like every other applebee's i had an ok experience nothing popped out and really wowed me .
we ordered drunken noodles and to yum . nothing special . salad roll was bland and tasteless . tea was aweful .
great food , drinks , and service . however in general , i feel like it's a bit over priced !
so far great food awesome service . what more to say , will definitely be getting my fix for indian food here .
this place blatantly hid its day cups and got passive aggressive when people asked for them .
happy hour mon tues pm pm . pints margs solid cheap breakfast up charge on breakfast items after am , but worth it
tight and busy inside . latte was luke warm , disappointing . don't like the layout and mini stools .
the only good thing i can say is that they have a lb steak and its just ok .
tons of food in a reasonable price . good customer service . maybe if the food service were faster
it's a typical bubble tea place . the food is ok , but i find most dishes quite salty . service is ok .
good burgers but i love five guys' french fries more . and . i don't understand why their smoothies are so famous .
apparently they changed owners and now they are out of business . unfortunately . sad new ownership was not capable
this is just for the dim sum . average with a good selection . friendly staff . the hours on yelp is incorrect .
snobby service . website of beer selection needs to be up dated . beer is ok . nice decor .
yummy french toast bagel !
eh , it's cheap i guess , but nothing special . in fact the burritos are kind of bland compared to cali style .
wtf ! no dirty snowball . it's like losing a best friend . so disappointed . i am protesting my return until it returns .
over rated food truck ! clean your tables ! bbq is good but cmon it's a food truck people !
service is slow and food is just okay . don't come if you're on a schedule .
wish someone had entered the hours of business or at least a web site .
soup dumplings were very good pan fried pork buns were good but not great service was fine .
the music was so loud , my ears were ringing after i left . ok food . bad location .
good food , but too expensive for the size and quality . nice restaurant , helpful staff , clean , quick service .
good food , good drinks , fair prices . thierry most popular tacos are delicious . it's nothing special , but it satisfies .
the service here is pretty slow note i came in when it wasn't really busy . overall the food is great .
food was good . a table inside was so loud and boisterous that i could barely think , ruining the brunch .
the food was good . served fast . but didn't appreciate the server bringing the bill and standing there waiting for payment .
some guys are really helpful , old ladies are super aggressive for no reason !
cooks in olive oil and canola oil . totally reasonable prices .
it's pretty and hasn't collapsed yet . that alone is worth three stars .
food is good but overpriced . try sake sablefish my favorite . decor is very nice . service is very friendly .
what a view , esp , on the top floor . too bad it's gone , just to let the tourists know haha .
bravo is decent italian food . i love the location , the service and the prices .
you've got another week to order ceviche tacos off the seasonal menu . get to it .
nice place , different beers and good pizza . go ahead anad try it . i say stars for fun ,
for a bagel and for cream cheese , quite pricey ! they don't have onion bagels !
meh . we came here for pdx dining month . nothing was terrible , but everything was underwhelming .
had a gift card . chain restaurant , but pretty good food and service . . stars would be more accurate
the thai was decent and the atmosphere was relaxing . i would go back but didn't love it .
not bad . not great . quick delivery , and easy order . just not the most flavorful chinese food i've ever had .
busy for happy hour , it was good , not overly impressed with service though
good , not great . barbecue sauces were not interesting . prime rib special was quite good .
attentive service , overpriced food , and very loud . it's a kid magnet .
it's great . for a dive . love the red head bartender . great drinks and watching people . very interesting !
good food , okay service . seemed expensive for just having appies wine ? !
delicious burgers and fries and shakes but very overpriced in my opinion small portions too
love their fried bun and forgot a few dishes i would normally order . need to see their menu again !
i was very disappointed that kb discontinued its mendoza burger green chilies . it was my favorite .
bang for your buck quality service ambiance location overall
nice fast food burger joint with good frozen custard . they have seasonal item that change frequently enough .
kinda salty on the food . the beer is good . it just depends on what you are going there for .
closed and changing concept to a seafood restaurant
nice store , comparable prices but the aisles are a little small when pushing a cart .
only tried a few but wasn't overly impressed . the cupcakes were sort of dry .
it's a dive , cheap beer , old dudes playing video lottery , and a statue of the blues brothers . regular stuff .
tasty broth in the hot pot , but portions are small .
is a bit much but the atmosphere , service , and food is excellent , though slightly overpriced .
good drinks and service . wings seemed like they were microwaved . chewy and texture was weird
great cocktails terrible music . why is a fancy cocktail bar playing grunge metal ? killed the vibe !
terribly slow service . food prices are okay . drafts are cold . pastrami ruben was good . could have had more sauerkraut though
very good food , but a very small place . feels kinda clustered inside . better order a takeout !
decent tex mex food . i go there occasionally and i'm usually satisfied with the food and service
last time i had an omelette with salmon in it was in japan . the food was fresh and tasty .
friendly staff . the food is okay . better than your best olive garden , but that's not saying much .
used to be awesome , they've lost a step . still good service . not touching mississippi pizza though .
like others said brisket is way too salty . excellent service but food was meh and lukewarm . brisket was huge disappointment .
i like this japanese place in dublin , great tepanyaki , good for groups and large choice of asian beers .
it's fine . tha t's it . i really don't think much of it . products , prices and service are adequate .
this is what you get for . . im still motherphucking hongry . this that bullshyt pepperjack turkey griller
environment is good . the food is ok , normal level of korean food but overpriced , i will not recommend this one .
this restaurant is now closed . looks like the staff is now working at china pearl .
ok mexican food . very nice atmosphere . salas not bad . service is a little slow . good drinks .
i like ike but i'm to find someone to help is feudal ! we need a , nashville location . .
too damn loud ! how many speakers are needed for such a small space ? good strong coffee and chocolate cake .
good selection of products , clean and well organized , but , more expensive than asian food center and h mart .
huge selection at this store and a lot to choose from . sales staff was not very friendly though .
just a simple train bus station . but very clean and they do have a dunkin donuts
i really only like their lobster bisque and caesar salad .
decent food and drink . good generic location for larger groups .
the place is expensive and the wait time is to minutes . i feel the assistants are not experienced
it's cheap . it's fast . super friendly waitstaff . not always consistent , but . homemade key lime pie !
meh . bang bang shrimp stars . opah was ok , maybe a bit over cooked . great service and nice outdoor seating .
pretty good as these are hard to find ! atmosphere lacks a little but easy to overlook .
we started shopping at hannafords . pretty similar in prices , surprisingly . much nicer to shop in and better quality items .
fun concept but a bit pricey for what must be a casual event as it is so messy .
i love the ice cream . innovative desserts with awesome fresh ingredients
love the hainanese chicken not the service .
basically a classier friday's that at least pretends they're not just heating up frozen food .
good local fare ! arrive early on the weekends though because it gets packed !
progress ? . this man hasn't progressed in years . still sitting on his ass complaining about something . smh
nice place , but not in a very good location . fantastic staff very helpful !
below expectation but good service . noisy environment but very special and probably a very japanese style ?
brunch . it's ok . the wait does not match the food .
crepes were alright just wish they were stuffed with a little more filling .
food was excellent , unfortunately waiting min for it was not . would still go back and try again .
one of the better indian places in pdx . i liked it . but not enough to keep going .
really cool patio for the warmer months london fog latte for the colder ones it's close to home . does the job . done
chicken wasn't crispy enough for my liking . friendly staff . it's nice to dine in for a change during cv pandemic .
big portions but all you get is rice really . no crab salad this place can hold this l
typical starbucks . this particular location is always busy during the work week . however , pretty fast service . nothing special .
huge menu , solid food , good prices , and cool atmosphere they need a liquor license though .
it was too loud to have a conversation in here . the service was slow . the food was delicious but expensive .
ok food . overpriced . ghtfjfghggggfgygghg huh yfh buggy ugfbb ugfvh jiffy usdijfg hfykgdyh utthvc
interior is cute . but food was mediocre . not sure if i would return or recommend to others
once they did call me back they were very friendly . the massage was one of the best i've ever had .
good place for mixed drinks but the food is over rated .
very nice place , but overcrowded , overpriced and food is just ok . huge choice for beer , tiny choice for food .
good , all one can say is its your basic tex mex . queso was good . i added some salsa to it .
soup base is good , noodles average . not worth the wait if you've had ramen in japan .
they stand there and watch you enter your tip into their system . it's awkward . drinks took forever . foods good though
slow service , slow food , charge for everything including a small thing of chips . not impressed
we went here last sunday food was great . services sucked . our waitress had other things to do but server us .
its ok , but im spoiled with better places . i shall not return
decent chain like mexican place . the chips are good , salsa average .
decent food , good beer and fast service . will definitely return .
great imported beers , very limited seating , nice staff , food is ok .
food is similair to any other deli roastbeef place .
i honestly can't believe i'm saying this , but . two words seafood nachos . there . i've said it .
great flavors , long lines , total scene .
says they do dry cleaning , they don't do dry cleaning ! don't buy the voucher !
i thoroughly enjoyed my mashing session with coleen . she is talented , educated and engaged .
the restaurant itself was pretty cool and the food was good but service was poor . definitely expected a better experience
great experience but my manicure only lasted three days before they started chipping .
