just one of perfect dresses i found on amazon after shopping all over the city for the right dress .
we some case for the money . integrated kickstand works well . no complaints here at all . very happy with this case
one of the classics of my time , brought to mac . still a great game .
sherlock holmes the way he was seen when baby boomer were kids . a great treat .
awesome reading for my first attempt at romance novels most enjoyableunable to stop reading great writing to the author .
good
fast service great product
nice tool good quality . just wish it was a bit longer but does the job
billy burke is bad ass in this series ! love revolution ! i can' t wait for more episodes on amazon instant video .
great little accessory . great quality , and sticks with the velcro we'll . good for organizing small accessories in a maxpedition pack .
kids love it
these are the best shoes ever and the price was not only good but very reasonably . fit like a dream .
loved this book and movie . showed my grandson and his friends . hope to teach them that they can do anything . so amazing
most brilliant beautiful poster !
the product was received in a very timely manner . packed very well with no damage . very satisfied
good series . wish the books were a bit longer . hoping we get a few more witches and wolves hook up
great writing combined with a really frightening story line makes for not just a good scare , but a good read .
this is a nice wallet i bought as a gift for someone . definitely worth the price tag . . .
a great wire that does what it's suppose to with no loss in sound quality , a great buy .
i love guessing songs faster than others , and all the different choices in songs . you never no what you'll here
this is one of my kid's favorite toys . it never gets old and she still loves it after months .
perfect , just what they said it is . no problems at all , works perfect and the removal parts are ok too .
fits like a glove and the leather is so soft ! i feel like i can wear them all day long !
i purchased these chocolate covered orange peels from multple companies over the years and these are the best so far !
this is a beautiful bracelet . arrived in just two days with a bag to store bracelet in . i want another .
the protectors are great and doing a great job protecting the screen . i like the product and would order again .
used correctly in fuel injected toys you can get way more power by turning your cooling fan on sooner .
wow what a body plays a great part jaime presley , a little different from the first one but who cares
my favorite tool . great shaping chisel . lasts a long time and easy to shape hard surfaces with precision . highly recommend .
i really like the sparkling ice products . i did find the peach nectarine a little to sweet for my taste .
this is a cigar cutter the cigarillo is way to small for it but still a great product would recommend
good price , works great !
came in on time . well packaged . it's a little slower than i expected but cheaper than buying a serger .
this battery fit my dell laptop computer and holds a charge for about hours . it is made in china .
a sturdy mag mount , and great rf squirts out of the stick . nice connector too . what is not to like ?
this is by far one of the most complete broadway albums i've purchased this year . two thumbs up !
this is a very gentle toothbrush but you could feel how smooth your tongue rubs against your teeth after brushing .
my grandchild loves the skulls which i had to sew onto the hat because the patch stuck to the iron .
you don't have to worry about them getting it on their clothes or anything . it wipes right off easily . recommended .
liked all the oils
beautiful boots , great fit , very comfortable . my wife loved them and wore them yesterday . i would highly reccomend these boots .
the picture quality is the best i've ever seen . anyone can use it , from the pro to the mother in low .
even cuter than the picture ! the details of each monkey was nice . made me want one of my very own !
great 'feel good' movie . corny but well written and moves well !
read book breaking free and enjoyed it . book breaking through was just as good and enjoyable . recommend it .
have ordered wide before , and was perfect . these are a bit big . but still love them
best cable i could find for the price ! you need a good hdmi cable check this one out . great price !
cheaply made audio cable for cheap . arrived early . it works just like an audio cable should . what's not to like ?
what can i say ? if you love xena , you gotta have this !
it work out pretty well it's hard to find pouches for scaffolding so you find something close make it work .
perfect for my sons wedding
one of the best cd i have purchase which it takes you back to the good old time's
the app is just the right thing for this holiday season . beautiful app and runs smooth on acer a
this book is a great piece of art , easy to read and great to analyze .
very cool , well done , good for the money ! you will enjoy the road trip stories as you're along for the ride !
succint , accurate and practical . great help for those entering the world of group interviews .
my third protector , should had researched and got skinomi in the first place , lesson learned , worths the money , nice product
very pretty little flowers . it's smaller than i thought . nice to add into an arrangement .
used these caster wheels to install a floating door just the right height and work great might be ordering more .
love the style the fit !
very reliable product , plan on buying a few more . really great for camping or visiting other areas countries with unreliable power .
enjoyable read !
i love this cover ! i get compliments from everyone the case . it's such a fashion statement ! must buy ! very happy !
works as advertised . signal for this area extremely clear . i would highly reccomend this product .
this fits my gl goldwing motorcycle . way less expensive than trying to get one thought a honda dealer .
so intoxicating . i couldn't put this book down i even bought part needed to see who it ended
i really enjoyed it . i understand why it's a classic . i would highly recommend it .
wow , sure enjoyed this one . had everything . romance of the young and old . mystery , several murders , and lots of laughs .
its a fun game highly addictive worth your time a a a aa . a a a aa a . aa . a
this filter fits my fridge and the my fridge works well after installing . the filter was very easy to install
working as expected and the battery backup is the same as the one which came with the camera . its original .
well made and comfortable glasses which fit tightly and look good . i recommend them to anyone preferring this style glasses .
solid ideas and very practical . truly an tool to get your life organized
i love it . my daughter put me on to it . i will recommend to friends i will buy again . thanks
fits well , works great , holds a charge , and i can type ! protects my ipad mini very well , and light weight .
so much fun . easy to play and i love it . for a free game very fast paced . i swould def .
one of the best books i've ever read . i loved it . he has a way with words and it's perfect .
i like this product its amazing my hair smooth and grow up and its nice aroma its perfect argan oil
great recipes . you can cut the amount of butter down in many recipes by half and they are still good .
no tiene defectos , la talla es correcta y buena calidad , el modelo es muy bonito se ven increibles
its a mug . shrug whats to say ? it holds coffee . shiny , blue , has a logo , geez what more ? it works
very enjoyable listening . i watched him perform with a jazz band this fall in medford or . he is very talanted .
no problems at all , very easy to buy and gift , sister loved it , would definitely buy one again as a present .
enjoyed this book . i have read most of her books and like her style . i will read more . she is entertaining .
had a great experience
good photography and sound . the acting was above average . uta is very much the screen presence . it holds your attention .
too cute of monsters and a great toy for the bathtub and also keeps them entertained . just love this product .
my year old grandson is fascinated by linguistics and enjoyed the book . he has adhd but still liked it .
birthday gift and she loves it ! i have bought her several pieces of furniture from kidkraft ! all sturdy and well built .
possibly the most riveting story since ernest schackleton's harrowing journey through antarctica . and this from an adventure story addict .
very good product i use it all the time
thank you i'm ready for my vacation i recommend this dress to everyone i love the way it fits . perfect
this charger works just as well as the manufacturer charger , and for less than one fifth the cost .
it is great for king fans . it told me some info i did not know about king . short but sweet .
simple socks that saves me from blisters and needing endless supplies of bandaids for the fricktion from my dive boots .
this is the best cd i bought in years . quot so right quot is my favorite .
the color on ad is true to form . they sound great , are well fittted and add some sirous style !
fast read good short story . too bad it wasn't longer . would be a good book . maybe a sequel should be coming to us .
i was using a stove top kettle prior to this . i use it almost everyday , and it is so easy quick . thanks .
product was what i wanted for extra boast to get through run and weight workout .
i love my ipod . it worthed . it is a little slow , maybe because i put too much apps in it .
the cover is cute , but the gems fall off . my daughter is still happy with it and it is pretty .
my tile looks fabulous ! thanks you so much it is a great product to make old grout look new again .
this movie is great . i would recommand this movie to anyone who perfers 's horror movies over modern .
first hand information on how to meditate well defined . will let you know how things progress love , light , blessings . de
works great just a little dinged up on sides but to b expected from a used phone but pretty satisfied
my daughter likes playing it . she's . challenging but easy enough for her to win . and that keeps her interested . good game !
i love any movie or series that takes place back in time . it just was a slower , and nicer time .
great movie , really funny . the cast was wonderful . i loved the revenge scenes . i would recommend this movie . thank you
once again she nailed it ! what a really good story line you care about these characters great !
i read this daily . doesn't sugarcoat everything . accurate . right on the money ! only horoscope i read . it is right everytime .
i love this game my dog tried to play it everyone in my family played love it and thinks amazing
fit well .
its been so long that i remember little about this book and i have six more words to go great
very strong , lots of inside space .
we love the luvs brand , it is great product at a great price have never had an issue with these
product performs well and is good value for the performance and price . i have and would order this item again .
my husband is a 'bathroom reader' aren't most of them men ? and a history buff , this was just the ticket
the hello kitty iphone case is just as adorable as the picture shows . it also came in the mail very quickly !
this is a good reference book for those like myself who are afflicted with rsd .
great disc ! loved the songs . worked great in my cd g machine . lots of fun had by all with this disc .
makes you want to tour indiana to see the sights that you didn't know were there . a very good guide .
i enjoyed this book greatly , the pictures are very helpfull . and now to start making jam ! . . . .
this was a great book . i enjoyed reading it . compton is clearly one of the most accomplished western authors today .
love the series of books , love jim carrey , and love the movie worth the purchase . great for the whole family .
i've had this pendant for more than years and i love it ! beautiful , although very thin .
this is a very well written book on a nvt organizer's involvement in being a political organizer for the north vietnamese .
my workouts last much longer and helps keeping my muscle from breaking down . will buy again when i run out .
i am putting together small furniture and the dowels met the needs . it was very helpful
love this stuff . smells wonderful . makes skin soft
i enjoy paranormal subjects . this was really great . held my interest and i look forward to more stories like this .
solid metal works great as a sesame key for authentication . the key is light but solid and works great . a
makea my life easier excellent quality i recomend this product very good excedded my expectations super useful i love ot
this cleaning mat is super nice ! it looks so good i almost don't want to use it for its purpose
bought of these as christmas gifts . unique , good quality and works . keeps your beer cold . arrived before stated and packaged great .
my son and i share books and this was one we did not have yet . the price is always right .
good product , great place to get it . i recommend it for all . etc , etc , etc , etc , etc , etc , etc , etc , etc .
my husband the artist , loved this pallet knife . never seen one like this and am very pleased with my purchase !
i'm impressed with lacie's rugged drive . it does take more punishment than a normal casing . speed was not bad either .
this book gives practical ways to end the frustrations of being stuck in destructive thinking which leads to unhealthy behaviors !
bock bock bock , bock bock bock . bock bock bock bock bock bock bock . bock bock . bock . ba kawk !
these logs were more attractive than i expected for the price and they do keep the area warm . great buy .
if you have a laptopi heartly advise you get one ! cheaper tha buying a new laptopgeorge
very comfortable and have received favorable compliments good buy for the price wish the black shoes were not so expensive
i chose that rating because i do like it even though it didn't come exactly as the picture given .
great console . i bought for my brother and everyone friends , family , not so close friends , . else is also enjoying it .
besides being a fantastic dictionary there are daily word games , quotes , birthdays etc . i usually go to this app everyday .
no drip night water bottle for little one how are always whining i need a drink . love this thing a .
i can't wait to read the next book . this book had a great for now . the plot and characters great .
perfect for my year old granddaughter . we play the pictures first and then do the words next . great learning tool .
no one can make you laugh like janet evanovich ! what a hoot ! love her plum novels .
i already have seasons . it is one of the best series i have ever seen . so enjoyable !
i love argan oil , this is good quality argan oil ! i am very satisfied and will order it again !
great book . well written . intriguing concept . actually , a very thought provoking concept . i would definitely read more from this author .
it works well and it was fun to use although the motor is kinda weak but the vibrator works well
i hated the cliff hanger ending , but other than that it was a very good book . i enjoyed reading it .
i always buy new music involving vince gill . was not disappointed ! totally different and i enjoyed this collaboration of artists .
i got them , checked them all , then shared them with others in my emt class . they all work just fine .
a good movie for a sunday afternoon . it was entertaining , and andrew mccarthy is always a good performer to watch .
old fashion feel bc of texture . but good quality and has additional storage . my fiance is very happy with it
good case , but it peels my screen protector back
great game .
these shorts are my first bike shorts . they are very comfortable and give protection where it counts .
very very very goodrefreshing not to sweet just right a delicious beverage that i will definitely buy againthank you
feels rubberzied but looks plastic otherwise great product fits nicely all the buttons and ports are accessible light and durrable
my month old baby like it and a lot and my year old girl like it and love .
this was such a great game on ps , and is great on the ds xl wit a circle pad pro
bring this back in subscribe and save .
it fits firmly on my galaxy note . hand grips provide secure sensation when holding the phone . it looks good too .
very easy to clean and add water . very quiet . love the owl , so cute . perfect size and easy to use !
our year old loves it ! it's very sturdy , quality product . exactly as we expected , so we were very pleased .
great touch on this version . i believe quincy jones did the original in the early ' s . it is very effective .
i received this item fairly quickly and have no complaints with it . great price , works like it should . no problems whatsoever !
my feet sweat with these socks . i'll use them during winter .
easy to installmounting on speakers is simpleeasily adjustablepretty simple and not much too them which is good .
great light frames for rebuilds . suber light magnesium alloy . worked great with custom coils and binders . will get more for re builds soon
so great to be able to take the nyt everywhere with my books games . reading is easy and clear .
good stuff
this works very well and especially since i am a small female , is easy to handle and not too heavy .
this was a gift for a st time camper and it was exactly what he needed ! he really liked it .
didn't fit my kindle fire , but it did fit my regular kindle and it looks really good on it , thanks
they are everything i wanted and more ! great value and price ! i would recommend this product to anyone ! great shoes .
this was a christmas present for my great nephew . i know that he will enjoy the docking feature very much !
it seems to be exactly what we needed . thank you for handing our order so promptly .
great dressing , with their croutons even better will definitely purchase again makes a nice gift for a party or dinner
good pace , well thought out story and setting to get me to believe t could happen . i really enjoyed it .
happy with the book
even though i'm small , i needed a medium . they'll stretch . being from minnesota , these are for looks and not warmth .
brilliant as usual for sue grafton . can't wait for p to come out . i have read all of sues books
i love the fact that it is portable . it has meet my expectations !
i like its texture which is incomparable with other brands . but i expect the paper to be a bit thicker tho .
the quality of printed photos requires optimum ink performance . i would not trust generic brands or refilled cartridges .
it feels like home . reminds me of sun , oranges and love . it is a powerful combination that is truly magical .
nice knife to have in the car for emergencies . but not so sure about heavy duty usage with this one .
so addicted to this game . want to play more . give me scamps , scamps , scamps ! scamps . scamps . scamps . scamps . scamps . scamps .
this works great as replacement of the originals and are cheaper .
turbotax deluxe worked very well for me . i would recommend it to a friend . best tax product on the market .
excellent product ! i soooo love my mp player . i walk so this is a totally excellent must have product !
perfect fit , great quality leather case . it is oem motorola made just for . motonav . i like it a lot .
these are very nice plastic rings . they were exactly as described and exactly what i wanted to complete a project .
the i radiator i received was broken and does not heat the roomwell . i will never buy this product again
great ! so glad i found a component switch ! hdmi sucks ! this unit has worked just as expected , exceeded all expectations !
i really love this series .
this is exactly what i was looking for . stained my new concrete porch in varying earthtones very nice product
just the right size for a young girls bracelet and goes well with the shoe charm that is available also .
good quality for the price . works well and i like the extra international plug adapter . keeps the shaver humming along .
rare to hear songs of this quality and passion in this day and age . buy it you will love it
great upgrade from standard razor scooter . deck is wider so more space for larger feet . wood deck looks nice too .
i like all the come and see series . they're all well written and help catholics gain insight to our faith .
great book . i loved every minute of reading it . but the ending made me want to cry . still good though
good ending for it , i thought the main character and trevor was a little too unconvincing though it was great .
great reference library material i come back to this every so often and then put things into practice .
the only thing i don't like about this series is how it's told from the different characters perspective .
fun and challenging for you . must have game . good game to play with friends and family on a rainy day .
love the graphics !
the mp version of the song is really clean . it is neither boomy nor hard to hear . amazon mp rocks .
i like it
they were what i thought they would be
it's a cool movie , you have to see it for yourself
loved both books ! grab a copy of both books while they are on sale for . cents for both !
you won't be dissapointed . just what you expect from a kyle swanson adventure .
i enjoyed the whole set of this series . once into i did not want to put it down . good read
worth the money new take on an old story line . great characters and plot twists will buy book two . goodday
my husband loves it !
fun game , good graphics . def violent and not for kids though , imo . has a lot of characters to choose from .
this not only enhances your eye shadow it keeps it on longer and better than anything else i have tried .
very true perspectives !
i had a car sitting for like years , i was surprised to find something that would fit it fabulous .
i love it , and it is such a great price . i recommend it . i like that its basically two covers .
my daughter got this to use for school . it is a great first computer priced right , compact and simple .
it does what it needs to , no bells or whistles in terms of looks . perfectly adequate .
opened it , set it up , no problems . more words required to submit review so here they are my friends .
it worked great so far . i haven't tried the dual charging yet . it doesn't get stuck in the car port .
well written with clear pictures . good explanations of techniques . looking forward to being busy during some long winter snow storms .
felt really good to watch all of them back to back . product is good . no defects or complaints . recommend it .
the different levels keep your attention and provides a little distraction that is relaxing . i am glad i ordered this game .
no more buying those expensive k cups , plus i can use any coffee i want ! the perfect complement for my brewer .
useful and perfect . i'm satisfied with it . it's small and light , easy to use . everyone likes it definitely i think .
intriguing premise that grabs the viewer . a cross between the x files and lost with a great twist at the end .
she tells you all you need to know about spying and gives you easy things to hear ready . good luck !
they really work for me , this is my second bottle and definitely recommend these . they help food intolerances as well .
good product
it's roomy and light and protective of my expensive stand . rather high priced , i would say , though . three more words .
this is a brightly colored adorable little garden statue . i hope it retains its bright colors through out the years .
i like kenzo , i use entirely too much of it . i knew what i was getting . and i got it .
if you go on to the payanywhere website and register an account , they will send you this device for free !
loved the boots . great quality leather , but definitely did not fit my larger calf legs ! nice height for the heel .
my daughter loves hers . the realistic baby looks just like it appears in the picture .
her voice takes my breath away , i fell in love with her . i highly reccomend it .
easy to assemble even though there are no instructions . my cats love this and sleep on it throughout the day .
sounds really good especially during the night and seems to wear well with the strong winds we have around us .
it was just as i expected and it came shipped very quickly and is working perfectly for me needs ! great !
this is the best dijon ! very good taste with just the right amount of heat .
factory spec original sony ps controller . exactly what i wanted . accept no knock offs or replicas , get the real deal !
great product , holds most of my long hair , but why don't they package in the same color perhaps a blonde version ?
printed out this gift card . it turned out very nice personalizing the gift card with photos . the recipient was surprised !
love these . fits my vac perfect but too expensive . if it gets lower in price ill buy again . thank you
this game is stop amazing ! once you play and start the missions you can't stop ! i love it
this book was awesome i can't wait to read rome's story and more about rule and shaw just loved it !
this product is great ! it has help my hair grow faster and thickness up . i'm really happy with this product .
received exactly what i ordered in less time than i expected .
a must addition to your pooh collection . wonderful and colorful , full of smiles for any child . great for your collection .
great book for kids in early years of school ! my son loves reading this book . very cute ! fun to read together .
every woman should own one of these . my skin has improved dramatically and will hopefully stay looking younger longer .
great book launch launch launch launch launchthe first to comment you must have been to the public mammals slink
always one of my favorite movies .
these keep my legs covered , what a concept . thanks obama . these keep my legs covered , what a concept . thanks obama .
a wonderful product ! great coverage and softener . provides a fine layer of protection even after getting out of the shower .
great bang for your buck . sounds great
these gloves are really sweet . the fit and feel was perfect . the wrap makes you actually feel stronger and more confident .
i really liked this game . it kept me on my toes and i wish there were more games like it .
strongly recommend . perfect size , keeps standby charge for weeks . looks modern , great accessory for iphones ipads . charges with usb
this toy has lasted over a month ! after destroying her previous toys my puppy has finally met her match !
this was just what i was looking for to complete my daughter's nursery ! soft and fits the changing pad perfectly .
great speaker , super sound , you'll love it . bought two by the pool and they are fantastic .
i am always enthralled by tales that take you on a journey . this one does just that ! such a spell binding story .
so far the hard drive is working fine . i have had no problems installing or playing and saving on it .
do the unlocked iphones come with the original box and accessories ?
this works great for warts . i will just be extra careful with the surrounding skin if theres a next time
fit as expected
i'm very happy with this book it has very classy binding and blank pages to keep a journal . aaa
this knife is my people friendly knife i pull this one out and nobody thinks twice . its awesome great quality
i loved this . for such a cheap price this was good quality and came quickly . it is also see threw .
works great bonus clips are s plus couldn't be happier . maybe if i had purchased two . i will buy more .
this is a great buy serving me well and indistinguishable from the nikon labeled , very expensive alternative . i am happy .
it's rush what more do i need to say ! it's true and factual history in a great storyline . thanks rush
ed hardy villain gift set was as described and arrived here very quickly . resonable price . would reccomend to another buyer .
nice thanks
classic movies . the price is wonderful . i watch them back to back . this deal features great actors . you must purchase .
great stuff .
it's a great phone case . it has saved my phone from many dangerous falls . it looks exactly like the picture .
.
this item is small and very user friendly . being a kingston product , it is definitely a great deal .
fits canon camcorder and acssesories nicely , appears to be well made . so far happy with purchase
awesome chair !
this cover works very well . it's made of thick fabric and covers the grill perfectly .
great read kept me in the story the whole time . only downside was not wanting to put the book down .
my daughter truly loved this gift . she can not wait to show off her collection to friends in her apartment .
wish i saw these a long time ago . the cats don't even bother the furniture anymore . easy to put on
excellence
excellent projector works perfect excellent picture for the price . watching sports and movies on inch screen is awesome .
this is a good bra for bigger ladies who need more support . it is pretty comfortable for a strapless bra .
received it as scheduledi plugged it into my calculator and it worked good as advertisedno complaints for this product .
order size larger . these slipper have a very snug fit . they are warm and beautiful . very fancy , very feminine .
i purchased this item because i have used it in the past and it is the alternative to knee replacement .
i love this album , great message in every song . great riffs , it's time to start the brushfire of the mind !
bought for my grand daughter and she loves it . easy to put together and lots of space inside . she will enjoy it''
just what my son wanted .
well made , cheap , get over twenty five dollars with something else and you get free shipping . better than a video game .
highly recommended by a relative who has a degree in electrical engineering and retired from ibm as a programmer .
these are nice quality socks . they are a bit thick , so make sure you are aware of this before purchasing .
i love puzzles
great gift for doctors and pharmacists .
a bit small but they've been worn so i will keep them . style and color is great so i am happy
book came promptly in the the condition promised perfect and still in wrapper ! thank you
this game looks awesome but for some reason it won't download i've had to download it times now
great movie , definitely thinking outside the box love samuel l . jackson played an outstanding role really enjoy the movie great !
greatest bluetooth that i have owned . since i bought mine several of my coworkers have had to have them one .
does what you need it to do with a great mechanism for keeping the trigger both secure and easily available .
it is a very intressting book with many wonderful photos intressting informationsabout plants and inspirations for my own garden .
i love this story . the way it was written . i just ordered book two . hopefully book three will be available before i finish .
great cd these guys are awesome . if you've seen them on youtube most of them are the same . still great .
it is great for my cell phone as i don't like holding it .
so many memories so much fun . a bargain for the number of songs received to be cherished and enjoyed .
does the job it is expected to do . hp makes a good product . easy to install and started working immediately .
couldn't be happier with the product . looks and fits just like the original . highly recommend this product for your canon .
this is a great read . i love vince and audrey's story . two different mc's and how they will end up
perfect . must have .
it has been working fine so farit has been working fine so farit has been working fine so far
i bought this bunny by accident months ago for . at an american greetings store . who knew
i was really surprised how robust this inexpensive machine was . super please with my purchase and i would highly recommend .
just what i wanted
good book for kids with temper tantrums
brother original ink cartridges , always perfect fit . printer has great quality print , always use original ink , not a look alike .
works great and was simple to install . fits right where the old one goes . no adjustments needed . just plugged it in and went
i loved this book and was sorry when i finished it . i felt as if i knew jacckson and evens .
nice color but they were covered by a coat of paint good quality . overall it is okay based on the price .
beautiful pice , very solidwell made , easy to holdwmf has excellent productshighly quality stainless stillhighly recommendedthank you
well written . i was captivated .
so far it's been great . would like a left handed version though . i've recommended it to several of my friends .
it works really well and really fast except the bar is small and does not last that long .
this is one of my favorite cds , full of songs that are interesting and often meaningful . highly recommend it .
this book served a good purpose giving all a brief intro to the world of michael phelps !
i ordered this and every time i wear this everyone demand that i give it to them on the spot .
could not find this product in local stores . fast delivery and exactly as described , the unit fits my dustbuster perfectly .
very informative , it really makes you wonder how many really do go misdiagnosed . excellent read ! i would recommend this book
a remake that exceeds that quality of the original , this is one of my favorite crime thrillers of all time .
the nightgowns fit my daughter and her american girl doll perfectly . i was very happy with this purchase . good quality .
totalmente satisfecho , excelente precio , envi oacute oportuno , recomendado . cumplen con la descripci oacute n hecha en la p aacute gina , son personas realmente serias .
i love lisa . her voice is like honey and sunshine . creative lyrics , beautiful vocals , sweet arrangements . a very solid album .
the original ones are more prone to tear compared to the amazon basic version . we'll see in a few months .
i liked this opener because of not having any sharp surfaceses to get cut . i would reccomend it to anyone .
got is as a gift for my wife , and she loved it ! well made , high grade silver . happy with the purchase !
it worked great , very easy to install , and very small , i really like it , now i am able to connect bluetooth devices , excelent purchase , thanks ,
very good quality and an excellent pricevery comparable to the more expensive nutcrackersdefinitely glad i bought this item ! great seller too !
no complaints at this time i have had it for about wks now seems to be just fine this far .
this book is wonderful and easy to follow . the bonus help section is fun too . the explanations are very clear .
i don't feel like writing anything else . blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
cool product to put in your room cause it is the new york giants and i love them very much
easy to take , no refrigeration required , works for me ! i have been recommending this to friends and family . thank you !
good head phones
best ever for a guy not greasy
a really good book about the early shifter years , along with many pages of shifter details , including pictures , and diagrams .
great viewing good for practising a bit of the french language . nostalgic . actor michele mercier good looking and still alive .
this is the item i am looking for and is serving my needs for the audio and vedeo chattig .
easy to assemble , nice product , would be nice if it came with a cover for protection !
i am using this memory in my new ga a usb motherboard and i am running it at mhz without a problem .
awesome movie ! i love it ! glad i bought it ! highly recommended everyone buys this and the the best man holiday !
great game at a great price . i needed a new challenge game on my kindle this fit the bill .
ordered this product a month back . it is great for every day use and works perfectly . great value for money .
surprisingly good .
does the job as a face primer no complaints
love them and wear them all the time ! will probably buy more .
cant say anymore hate to use the overused letter 'm' word , but . ha ! she has a pet bear it seems .
it was a xmas gift to my dad which he was very impressed . great quality , will buy again . fast delivery . thank you
only on level but so far its fun . not too easy or two hard . playing on my kindle fire .
loved it all , but it's starting to date bruce and me . not that we are actually dating , but he's great .
this is a great movie . the combo pack of blu ray , dvd and digital copy gives you a number of options
just as it was describe
just like the picture . thanks for such quick service ! my boyfriend is going to love this sign when he opens it !
i didn't maket to grow it may purchase from you latter on to sea if i can make itthank you
needed it for call , but not a bad read .
this cutlery is sturdy and good sized . the color is clear . i liked it so much , that i ordered more .
great book !
i was looking for support for high impact cardio workouts like insanity and t , and this bra does the trick !
great dress at a fantastic price cant wait to wear it in my upcoming event
this a well written , fantastic guide for the novice children's book author . every chapter contains incredibly useful information ! many thanks , ann !
i bought this dvd as a part of my daughter's jeff buckley birthday gift . she can't stop watching ! great gift .
one of my top songs at plays on itunes . recommended to anyone at anyone on this page . blah blah .
for the price it is a good value . at a name brand store the price was double . happy with purchase .
it is a very fun and addicting game . it is easy to learn and play . it is definitely worth downloading .
i always enjoy elizabeth george books . i thought the book was good but a bit drawn out ! too many mysteries !
it has everything you could need and even comes with a little bag to keep everything in . thanks its perfect .
great song . this track truly ministers to the spirit . continue to let god use you johnathan , and please don't change .
story is interesting i have read other baldacci's and like them . his writing is a little simple for my taste .
couldn't be more pleased ! great performances . great variety and a pleasure to listen to .
a very good biblical reminder of the authority we have in our lord jesus .
anything by jane austin is excellent . these stories are classic romantic tales of old englandi can read and retread these tales .
i like this game , because i like word games and it does not take all your consideration . there is no pressure
very pretty , kinda a garnet color . fits phone snug and no issues with application . nice phone cover for the price .
another great produce by sweetsation use it every day and it's light and lovely . i really like these products .
dip it is an amazing product . nothing else is like it when it comes to a thermos or carafe .
case is nice , and fits the tablet perfectly . i like that i can charge the tablet with the case on .
fits perfect , smooth leather and soft footbed for long walking . looks great and price is fare .
xmas present for my granddaughter . she has not used it yet , but i loved it when i was a child !
just what i needed . great low price . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
i like the story and character developments . but it was too long in story movement for us rain series readers .
this is a movie that you can pick up at any time and enjoy . this continues to be a classic .
the production is brilliant . sound and video quality is unreal . buy it ! you won't be disapointed !
best rollers i've used . however , i wish the curls would stay in longer . other than that , i am in love .
this is very easy to use and makes great coffee . also , very easy to clean for the next time around .
nice vent , i would probably buy it again .
nice size and a nice price
this is by far the best james bond movie ever . very well done constant action throughout . everyone should see this movie .
just a real enjoyable book with a happy ending . two unlikely characters who meet and find true love . worth reading .
really a great read . concise , quick reference for me to use
this is a great fighting game if you like superhero and villain games . i love it so do my friends .
loved it
this the best bluetooth headset out of all the ones that i used previously . i strongly recommends this one .
it fit perfetly for the computer . was unable to order from standard carrier so this was a save for us
worth a read and trial . it is very detailed . i have just started so i am hoping for good results !
fun puzzle game to play every day . i love how i can play even without being connected to the internet .
great jewel cases , very sturdy , fantastic cost . looking forward to buying more of these .
every bit as good as the first volume on the dawn of .
good movie
great read and i learned a lot !
great product . garmin stuff just keeps getting better and better . but the promised rebate was missing .
item was exactly as described . quality isn't the best but it was really inexpensive . i woukd definitely buy it again .
was spectacular and made of very good quality and son enjoyed it very much and will watch for more products
unwritten takes you on a great ride that you won't forget . i love this book and highly recommend to all .
this was just what i was looking for for my magic bullet . i waited for it to go on sell .
exactly as posted was sealed in original packaging . this is the real thing .
nice bargain and it also solved a problem for me especially with the right angle adapter that was included .
this stuff is worth the price , well almost . in any case , it clears corrosion and shines great . i'll buy it again
easy read , author kept the pace moving , hard to put down at times ! would like to read more from this author soon !
my granddaughter loved the tray . it's smaller size is perfect for a child . really pretty .
how can you beat philosophy at this price ?
very good quality , perfect fit , part transparent and part semi transparent , semi flexible material , , , arrive within days
this nail polish is simply beautiful . i would highly recommend this color nail polish .
i am very pleased with this item . it came in great time and was in perfect condition .
worth the money
book came in a bit later than expected , but that's alright . the book is brand new and was flawless . woohoo
for the price this was a great replacement . battery life is not as long but better than my old one .
this keeps you trying to figure things out right along with trace . different characters backgrounds made for an interesting book .
it's a great album but not like his others . i wish he had rapped more too and show more diversity
it'll be five star to have more modernized look of the base frame . but overall it looks nice and solid .
thinking of buying more to share this beautiful singer and musician with friends and family !
so damn goodextremely intriguing piece , you almost get lost in the plot twists and turns , a great read all around
very clever and i can check out all the other authors who collectively wrote this book .
christmas gift for my husband . he really likes it . seahawks had a good year . had to celebrate with them . nice
keeps the phone going
good quality seems can be durable and i'd like the materials seems made it with good quality and colors too .
recieved on time , feels good , a bit heavy for shoulder surgery , but cold still feels soothing .
bought this for my son for christmas . just finished the set up and absolutely no problems . it works very well
the fan installed as required , and operates properly . it was a routine installation , fit into place , and works just fine .
gave as a christmas gift to a baker , she loved and uses frequently . great price too . love pyrex in general !
not too oily . smells so very good . feels as if my hair is more healthy and manageable . would highly recommend !
excellent read . a little slow at first but once the storyline picked up , it was really great . would strongly suggest
super easy to install . definitely keeps sun from heating up our bay window . rolls up and down easily . would recommend .
loved the scarf . the color is awesome and was a perfect match to the picture . love the light weight material .
great vacation read .
very interesting and funny with truth ! never get bored reading filled with lost of truths but funny at the same time .
great reference book . so much interesting information about lighthouses in the sunshine state . my daughter loves it !
my granddaughter just love her bracelet , she is very happy with it , now she is looking up more jewelry . thanks
i bought this product and am very happy at the quality . it works well . great product and great value !
working great and really improved my son's computer game play . video cards are improving all the time .
i am a big man . it do not break , bend , or slide in the tub or the shower . it great .
love it
at the lower end of the scale , but good value for the price . product arrived as described , and performed well .
surprised my grandson with these last night . he is , and played with them for hours ! great storage container too ! awesome !
great hat ! best my husband ever had . he is so proud to wear it . once a marine always a marine .
it's a great way to catch up before the season starts . i watch it while i am on the treadmill .
maxwell house international coffee peppermint mocha latte , is my favorite . i wish this flavor was available locally all year long .
looks great on the garage wall ! my boyfriend really liked it and it looks to be pretty sturdy as well .
awesome sound for its size . it's not too big and you can put it anywhere . i would recommend this radio
the batteries work fine and a great price . deal of the year !
great crank set and priced below , shimano is the go to for cranks .
my twins love legos ! this is going to make a wonderful stocking stuffer ! nice little set for the money !
i have attended mr . seinfeld's live concerts and on cd as live , he is funny , genuine and amazingly 'clean' .
its fun , its free , download it and try it ! now i must write more words so here they are
these are totally old hollywood . marilyn , lana , and elizabeth would have worn these glam glasses no question . long live glam !
this slr is everything the beginning or experienced camera buff could want . my husband is thoroughly enjoying his gift .
this is raw hardcore police action drama with some comedy thrown in ! in a nut shell this show is awesome !
what can you say ! ? it's pink ! pink rocks ! great self esteem booster for young and teenage girls .
love it love it love it love them wonderful songs tremendous vocals a play it over and over and over
as you will expect from anne klein , the boots are great , very comfortable , perfect fit . great leather quality . loved them .
easy to use for high windows and cleans very well . ettore products offers outstanding cleaning items to all of us .
these baskets are beautiful . sturdy and really cute . i would definitely buy again . i have not used them yet though
omg i loved this book as we'll as beautiful disaster and walking disaster . i recommend this to anyone . love it
these are very pretty and comfortable in addition to having no visible panty lines . they are also very well made
not much to say . it's a boresnake and they work great ! oh no more words required , almost there , ok , done .
this is a lot of fun for diary of whimpy kid it makes me think of summer vacation ya ya
definitely a good erotic book , short but gives your mind a full taste if transsexuals . a must have to read
nothing came broken and every thing works must i say more . i will differently get more stuff from this user
fantastic film . love conan more than ever . he's a brilliant host . don't know why nbc fired him . go team coco
i absolutely love this music . it sounds terrific on my phone . i listen to it almost daily . love love love
this book is utterly amazing , a must for people who are trying to live in the days of rising prices .
my daughter loved the shoes , the shoes fit her perfect the shoes met her exceptions . great pair of converse .
my plants love it .
i just wish it was a little longer . just fits under grill and looks great . a must for cardinal fan !
very cute fits perfect !
great driving cd . good album to get lost to . great for background music during a conversation or turn it up
i bought it for my granddaughter for her birthday . her comet , the best present ever ! i definitely would recommend it
excellent
nice , and it is one of my favorite tunes . i can not think of any more to say about music .
my son loves this it is great for the beach and sand box . the truck has a removable bed cover .
good educational product . it is fun and once you start you can't stop . my children even love it . very contagious !
i am very happy with the item . i received exactly what it offered . i recommend it .
great looking watch ! online pictures do not do the real thing justice . thanks for selling a great product . sell more !
it arrived very quickly and works as expected .
excellent portable printer . printing an invoice through my bluetooth hp hx in a costumer place reduce an huge administrative work .
easy to adjust , fits great ! my yo has an enormous noggin , and this one works well for him . thanks !
i've only seen episode
cool , lightweight yet covering
great for working inside a fridge or freezer
the secret techniques of bonsai a guide to starting , raising , and shaping bonsaian understandable , complete book on bonsai .
this was a present for my granddaughter . she really enjoys it . chuck ramsey
perfect for beginners .
a great gift idea to bring something quite ordinary into the extraordinary realm we watched it over and over again !
good sounding
a
was good . for . interaction wont know . if i . like the app till . other levels unlock . was looking . for something for my delayed . client . but . also good mostly for . kids .
good to the last drop ! tastes like the brand i like at a local spot ! highly recommend try it thanks
bought for a spare .
awesome product . fits to every aspect of my computer life . couldn't go back to pc even if i wanted to .
i have been using avg for a while and i love it . doesn't slow down my system but secures me !
awesome and nice fit ! i really love these socks ! i will repurchase from this brand , they were cute too . yahoo !
a really great , quick read . loved the characters and plot . well worth reading . i recommend this story to all fans . wonderful .
as advertised and works like a charm .
i love it ! it is so comfortable and fits just right . i am planning on ordering several more ! good buy !
how fun can you get . stephenie meyers so perfectly captures the teenage agnst . it made me feel so again .
my little guy loved this flavor of treats ! using it for training purposes and works great . he loves the smell .
it's very pretty , i get many compliments on it . it's also very sturdy and seems to be durable . i love it .
team work to put this battery in place but that's just how the garmin is made . thank you very much .
after programming they worked up to expectations . easy to program and worked with the existing garage door system . good product
laurann dohner can spin a good read . i have liked all of her books , they are fun and easy reads .
great as usual . good glide , good price . it is the only thing i use in my massages . try it sometime
i liked some of the melodys . my favorite was heal . easy laid back listening . wondered if he had another album coming out ?
thank you very good
perfect for a family driving trip !
my son attached this to his guitar and was able to get about picks in there . still holding strong
its fun
great twist on this style of story . i enjoyed the characters and the authors' ability to weave a good story .
genova product worked very nicely , cheap and sturdy . did the job that we needed done . will purchase again if needed .
great product . stand up to everyday life . nice design and color . even when you accidentally drop them they don't break .
great product for children . the songs are catchy and fun . the stories that accompany the songs are good also .
great product really works well and enjoyed using the filter to enrich colours and introduce motion for slow shutter speeds .
these are mouth watering recipes and some are difficult , but worth the extra if you have time . really enjoy it !
it works great as to brighten a crawl space , but at dollars i expected it to make coffee too .
great product for a beginning brewer ! will be back for re fill supplies !
high heels , very nice nude color , comfortable , true to size , well made . i am very pleased with my purchase .
these are decent ear warmers for the price . i have no complaints or any issues with anything what so ever
i will recommend this marketplace
i got this for my granddaughter before starting kindergarten . she really enjoyed it and it make her feel less scared .
this is a fun game and at first it is a little difficult but with practice it gets easier .
i didn't have any problems with it . easy to install and setup . a reliable router for a low price . cheers
makes you really think and some shows may start to look interesting and make you want to watch the show
classy and great quality .
buy a size smaller everyone they run big but other than that they are great love em . my favorite pair
quality product , appears well made . my only complaint about some of these patches is about the shipping and handling cost .
beautiful robe and great price , have one in different colors , my husband likes them too . they wash up nicely .
i was very impressed with the freshness of these beans . they sprouted within hours . i will definitely buy again .
great story ! hard to put down . so different than what i have read before . can't wait for the next book !
this is a hard product to find and is just what we were looking for . i'd recommend it to anyone .
the time period is pretty accurate and the story line is very gripping . i can't wait for the next episode !
these vitamins are great for vegans wanting to boost their dha epa daily intake . good value for day supply also .
none of the local auto parts stores carry this blade so i had to go here . fits my x perfectly .
works great , though smaller than i expected . barely fits on the gas range burners !
my aunt who collects lighthouses really liked this keychain . it is both beautiful and sturdy . i would buy it again .
este cl aacute sico no falla , aunque es un poco corto para el precio en que est aacute ofertado , pero vale la pena .
phenomenal acting by all major players . largely true to the text , with only a few minor omissions . i loved it .
awesome
this is a very well made product and it definitely has helped me clean up my workspace
a quality product makes the perfect gift ! husband did get to upgrade and daughter is happy with his old phone !
hirt's gardens shipped my plants fast , and any issues i had , they fixed even faster . my garden thanks you hirt's !
girlfriend likes these more than any other rental she has tried . they do need a wax when you get them .
i was wondering if these charms would fit over the neck of a wine bottle . thank you for your advice .
well written , gritty and a great look from the eyes of a soldier that was in the thick of it .
great price and easy to assemble . awesome deal as item looks like it costs a lot more than it does .
just as wanted
bought this tv for the bedroom because of the flat screen and built in dvd and could not be happier
looks great stacked with my other rings . pretty and delicate . received item quickly .
good times .
my child and i love this blanket ! it shipped fast and cost less than a brick and mortar store . awesome !
very modern look and very easy to clean . i can just put it on the dish washer and it's done .
fit true to size and was exact to picture . loved the product and was a reasonable price . good find overall .
kids are addicted . they actually put down their video games and play daily . a must have for any play room .
black t , monochrome pic and blue text , perfect design to me . the size and quality are great .
no complaints . it does what it's supposed to do . can't ask for more than that . i would order this again .
very fun game to play . good time killernice graphics as well . there's nothing to loseits free
this was a big success with my daughter the cat lover . very cute and very fun . does everything we expected
nice and soft subtle cream i used for years and treated my fine colored leather boots and shoes very genuinely
awesome kit with lots of cool accesories and great materials , definitely worth buying if you are nintendo ds lite owner .
sweet my yr old daughter love it she cant wait to read for her brother it just adorable and sweet
i waited less before receiving the costume , but it exceeded my expectations . i loved the details of it and the quality .
funny and educational , teaches kids to read words while having fun . parents will enjoy it too . recommended for kindergarteners .
loved it
it was just as i expected , no surprises . net on my list is the ft oly bar for this year .
great product , works fantastic with my shoe . i like that it is fabric and washable if it was needed .
lots of details , it is similar to the photo , with slight color difference . will likely keep it as indoor decoration .
it's a good case hasn't broke on me hasn't lost any color or anything nice and slim a must buy
so much fun ! so much to do in this game it hardly ever gets old . not much i would change
this album is really great ! i think that is better than the firt album !
couldn't ask for a better case . is compact , slim , sturdy , and convenient . i love it . very satisfied with this product .
i have happy pugs whose noses are no longer dry or cracked . great product
an interesting movie , better than previous superman , my son loved it . yes i will recommend to friends and work mates
nice watch .
it fits well and it works great . what more can a buyer ask for ? vw jetta sedan . liter .
this game is awesome it is awesome for kindle fire and great for kids old and young awesome game ever
you can't go wrong in buying this boxset . any i love lucy show is worth the !
love it
bought got my daughter and she loved it . it is a big heart and beautiful design . well worth my money .
i am a long time norton fan and this is from my era contains books i could no longer find
purchased for my daughter and she really liked it . it is very short . not challenging enough for a st grader .
these are lightweight and super super cute ! only drawback is the large size may not always fit in a pocket .
fits well , looks nice . washes well .
i just love the prospect of other worlds that have life . also love the anderson's attitude through the entire show .
i received my cd on time and it is one of the best cds i own !
this frame is solidly built , easy to use and hang , and attractive . it came promptly and was very reasonably priced .
fantastic concert dvd with excellent quality recording . must buy . ella ella ella ella eh eh eh ella ella eh eh eh
love the color and how it fits my kindle . very slimline and easy to use the kindle with it on .
works great and teeth respond well . should use every years . best results after treatments of hours each .
best visor out there bar none . goes on quickly and easy . keeps your pad from getting scratched or dented . great
i purchased these shoes for my grandson , who lives a long distance away . my daughter likes the shoes very much .
preacher is the story ! for those who haven't read william johnstone preacher is not a church leaderbut a mountain man .
i'm yrs old and finally someone wrote a common sense guide to being alive . this is brilliant . absolutely incredibly brilliant !
everything i expected and great quality . exceeded my expectations . i would recommend this item to anyone who owns a camaro .
fun and addictive game play . a grate way to kill time . can u collect all the puzzle peisses . have fun .
so far so good . hopefully it stays that way .
fits my charmed memories bracelet and looks nice ! shipped very fast and was much cheaper than at the jewelry store .
fits really wellis thin but protectivehard to destroythe bottoms work nice not hard to press good price
its the best vitamin for women . it really helps during pms as you dont require extra iron supplements . you have more energy .
love love love this show i cant wait for feb for the season to start again im so excited
this was just as good if not better than lightning strikes . i really like these stories . very heart warming indeed .
this is a nice piece that i have not figured out how i want to use it . have any ideas ?
i get compliments on this case all the time ! fits my microsoft surface rt with the keyboard attached . would recommend .
this case fits perfectly and is slip proof . just ordered a second one for another family member's phone . can't beat the value .
great case , definitely worth the price . looks good and gets the job done . . . . . . .
kirby's top quality filter is just that top quality . my order arrived in two days ! amazing !
so glad that i finally own this movie and can watch it year round whenever i want a good laugh !
it was perfect ! fast service too . love it
i really coudl not ask for a better product easy to iron on and very secure , now fabric as well
this was one of the best books i've read by a j . carter miamor is all i can say .
this book is a great read . it is nice to get a diffrent view of what is going on .
i got this as a christmas present for my friendso i'm just putting random ratings down on my review
at first glance not my choice . but when it was concluded , an unexpected pleasure . and a perfect title for it . thanks .
this isn't a mambypanmby at all it is one of the strongest for the size i've seen
amazing story , l could hardly put it down . i recommend this historical novel to all readers who enjoy this genre .
exactly as described . made my router work again when i thought the router itself was dead . glad i bought this .
we both , love the game , we spend a lot of time playing it is very addictive once u get started
we bought these for our three year old son so he had a pair like dad's . love the shoe . quality
great book for kids before they move in to a new house .
love this . use it every day !
great mouse and good price . pros comfortableaccuratesmoothconvenientcons noneoverall a well put together product for a great price . as expected from logitech .
i gave the mic stand a because there is nothing wrong with it and it's exactly what i expected .
i needed to replace a book i lost from library . no time or interest in saying more . good bye , bye
very cute jacket . love the color and material . but very short waisted . have to return as it was not flattering on me .
was great value for the ! grandson really enjoyed building painting it . it turned out very cute ! great value
the dvds worked smoothly with no skipping . it gave a good workout , and wasn't dull . overall very good .
they were light weight and exactally what i was looking for for my dad .
really easy and fun ! will keep you busy for while and so much different stuff ! great to play during class !
i bought this to take with the apple cider vinegar capsules . so far , so good . i'd gladly recommend this . thanks !
gotta love the second installment of the game . the visuals were stunning , especially at inches .
great . all typed of plug in for the cellphone and bluetooth .
i loved it . such a good book that i recommend for everyone . storyline and writing style is great . great job !
i am pleased with this entire product . great product at a great price . shipped fast and an easy set up . thanks .
this laptop was shipped to fast and it works really good and also is super light . i like a lot
thanks love it and going too look for more ! be awesome it there is more colours ! thanks again
was very good read cant wait to start the next book in the trilogy , would recommend this book for sure
great childhood flashback of favorite cartoon from a simplier time before computer animation . fun to share with the current generation .
great vhs
very good book , fun to read to see how the friends will hadle the trouble they encounter . no cussing either
fun kit ! my daughter received it for christmas and enjoyed making jewelry with it . lots of different duct tape colors .
that is one epic book . all the action was truly exciting and i just really think it's a really great book .
my clients are very happy with this new head rest , they find it very comfortable .
great book can't wait for the next one ! i enjoyed reading a book written from my home town . thank you !
i can't stop playing these games . wish they would make some more only problem is how much memory they take .
perfect for gaming or multitask . i also take online classes and for the price not bad compare to the i .
a healthy choice for gum , great flavor . customer service was excellent fast and courteous .
i love the ending i wish some things were different . but i'm team tucker so i'm happy with the ending .
kind of confusing , but i got it . 's style film . i will definitely keep it in my collection .
these tires are just as they are showngreat tires great pricebike shop was going to charge me each
as owner of multi portal cable tools this one is greatmuch better than the boch sander it replaced
i received the book on time and in excellent condition . very pleased with my order .
excellent book .
came on time love it looks nice works fine ithink you should shorten these reviews one line should be enough
trying new authors is fun and the prices for books are great when you can afford to build your library .
nice quality the daughter loved it well made soft good material would order others if the daughter wanted other animals
one of the very best books i have read its a cannot put it down , what about a follow up soon
i got this game for my grandson , and of course he is enjoying it and so am i to .
this book was in excellent condition . shipping was very fast and it was packaged perfectly .
i enjoyed a good read for all dog lovers . it was very interesting informative if you are a dog person .
i bought this for my dad and he loves it . it has so many different exercises for each muscle group .
this is a very helpful aide for training or correcting bad habits when re enforcing with verbal and hand commands .
liked being able to watch the whole season at once and the quality was excellent . i'm already on season two .
it's cheap , but is very easy to use , and fit beyond the price . it's worthy to be owned for the tab .
this book made me laugh out loud numerous times i like the way it read . cute and charming little book .
just what i needed . arrived on time .
this is a terrific item ! i purchased it as a gift for my granddaughter , and she loves it ! works well !
moderately challenging , fun , frequent updates with new maps and towers , and wonderful graphics . a must buy for tower defense lovers .
great resource . why recreate the wheel when you can get tips from someone experienced . a small price , for good advice .
amazon once again beat the price for my local stores ! very happy with the replacement product ! works great !
foot petals is the best thing since shoes . shopping on amazon us a pleasure .
the case looks really nice , but on the sides , the paint is wearing off . but otherwise , i really like it .
better than the plastic version which scratches easily and becomes cloudy , works well with hydrometers and is the right length .
excellent purchase !
it works for what i need . looks a little on the cheaper side but still looks nice . get it !
easy to use , great price and perfect for the ventless fireplace . the crackling of the flames makes it very realistic .
absolutely insightful , meaningful and accurate . a must have for metaphysical students and practitioners . thank you louise hay for your inspiration .
this is a classic and has one of the classic songs of all time .
i got this for my wife . and both of us read it . very good book .
i love these shoes , great fit and wears well . would recommend ryka to friends and family . very happy with purchase
beautiful door mat for the holidays ! lots of compliments ! beautiful brilliant colors ! decorated the outside of my apartment with my wreath !
this is a great gps . it gets you where you been to go although it does not have traffic info .
love this game ! it is wonderful getting the guns with the game since you can use them in other games
took a chance and ordered sets and all worked great , and much lees then kingston or crucial memory a
and one of my favorite songs from mary mary , it has very nice instrumental arrangement , the words are so encouraging
this is a great cd but not one of his best .
this is a great product , professional appearance . maybe add a slot here to add business cards or papers .
i could not put this book down , very suspenseful and it reminds me of the show criminal minds . definitely recommend
most of the things make sense . good food for thought . take what would help youand leave the rest . very practical .
its a nice game even though it doesn't change levels i still like it i think everybody should get it
new and in great condition . missed my old vhs . was my first vhs along with vcr . so onto new memories
excellent !
can play your own music or a variety of genres provided . serve drinks amp dance friends clubs . fun !
the lights worked great ! awesome
perfect for price im gonna need more sooner than later gotta see how they hold up this year ! !
fits perfectly , easy to get the phone in and out , the sleep mood works well . what more can you ask ?
makes a big difference on knife blades . puts a better edge on a knife that what comes from the manufacture .
the first couple of episodes felt a little formulaic , but it picked up after that and i have enjoyed watching .
this book is so well written and moves me to tears regarding the excellent of christ . i highly recommend it .
this is a great way to pass the time . it's pretty cool also . i would definitely recommend it to others .
exactly what i wanted ! good price too .
i love this little kettle , its fast and small and wonderful , i keep it in my bedroom with not issues
wonderfully developed characters whom i would love to sit with in real life . a heartwarming story with just enough heart .
nice spin on dealing with terminal illness . very touchingi highly recommend it . very nice job . this is one to watch
very good . it can be cut down to fit places pretty easy . i was glad to find it on amazon .
really cool and fun . get app and don't make the kitties sad . one of my favorite games . worth the moolah .
exactly what i wanted . gets the job done . wish the cord was longer for the big boxes .
excellent knife quality . great design . haven't tried to sharpen but the blade has a great edge . handle is super tough .
all of this writer books are excellent . i highly recommend them for anyone who is serious about their spiritual life .
it was very easy to apply and does not impede the touch features of the kindle fire . i would recommend .
the best ablum u can buy this year ! haloween fiya whup dat b .
i enjoy this game . it can be both easy and fun but also challenging for the everyday person like me
holds binos very securely . used them on a wyoming antelope hunt recently , and they did everything they were supposed to .
i purchased it for the title and was not disappointed . it is a fun read over and over , would recommend .
a beautiful story i really enjoyed it . i can't wait to read the book .
we all know what mtg cards we want or need from here . this card is very helpful for spawning creatures .
very good product . i can't complain about anything . it does what it is supposed to do and very reasonably priced .
laughed out loud , and cried . was a story i couldn't put down ! recommend this story to everyone . a great story
the book arrived in great shape and in a timely manner . thanks .
i think these worked just fine for my sons scooter . he liked them and the price was fair . good seller .
this is an excellent , quality product that is far better than i was expecting for the price . nice neutral color .
shipping could have been faster but the item was in perfect condition and the show is fantastic
size and these are perfect . so muffin top rolls as it is all smoothed out !
very good history of hc , also good facts about current situations . very approving of latin american shift to the left !
long history as excellent stethoscope . this is my third purchase of this model for use with adults and pediatric patients .
a valuable addition to the growing body of work about the american home front during world war ii .
classic song interpreted by one of a kind the killer , jerry lee lewis . best . you will ever spend !
i always look forward to reading the newest monk book on my kindle . i am never disappointed . thank you for much enjoyment .
these cut very good . just love that i stand .
the butterfly was way bigger than i expected but its a beautiful necklace and it came on time !
works just as stated , very happy with this purchase it is exactly what i needed ! perfect for potatoes , onions etc .
pros great screenfast processorthin and lightandroid . cons battery lifegps doesn't lock
we had bought several clip on cases and they all broke within several months , this one is great . and nice looking
fit as described with apple magnetic front cover . good protection . nice texture for hand holding . very easy to put on .
good grip , not too large , love the pop out stand . great price , i will be looking for some other colors !
purchased for my husband and he liked it so much that we decided to send a bottle to our son
dell inspiron desktop i bk replaced the year old dell dimension . the speed of the inspiron is vastly greater .
my two year old daughter asks to watch these and she is already starting to say a few words and phrases .
perfect fit ! i would definitely recommend .
great chair reasonable pricelooked at several chairs but found this one to be more in my price range and style
i bought this for my boyfriend he loveddd itt !
ty a
is a good book and came quickly .
these boots are great ! the fit was perfect and they feel really good on my feet ! comfortable , warm , and cute !
more easy , i like the price and lihgt formove the trainer bike for every werei recomendent for yuor buy
i have all the other rocky movies including the rambo movies need this one to complete the collection finished finally
different but enjoyable .
not really for performances , but great as a costume . for the price , it was worth getting for my halloween costume .
what to say about tartini ? great barroque great violinists , i cannot say more than virtuosism . italian musicians deserve , always bravo
this programmed is easy to use , i will keep on using it every year , i will highly recommend this product to others
works great on my bike ! holds it securely . easy to use ! i highly recommend this product ! also cheap , very satisfied !
one of my favorite movies . love him . classic story of revenge . as you might expect , turns out badly for him .
this is a beautiful clock and inexpensive . i bought it for a friend as a time to call and share .
came right on time ! great product !
we used the stickers for an art project for grandpa's birthday . the stickers are nice size , and worthwhile . thank you
functionally correct . exactly like the unit received with my kindle . the cord ordered at the same time was also satisfactory
mary j really rocks , the entire cd is great , with some cool ballads as well , i highly recommend .
this is a great product ! works well and leaves my face feeling super clean . i would definitely recommend this product !
seems a little hi priced
non binding . will buy more . more comfortable than jobst . nice to have color choices .
i love the design ! it is the best cross pendant i have got so far ! it def worth the money !
i use it for everything from notes in class to pulling up google docs on my android , well worth it .
i love this series ! the bradfords always make for a hilarious and interesting story !
arrived on time and just as advertised . fit perfect and look great . the price was very good , as well . no negatives .
they are like wearing no pants , i love it . washed well and are so comfy .
these wedge pumps are so comfortable . they needed to be broken in but other then that they fit pretty well .
i felt like the elephant was almost a person . i really enjoyed reading this book .
its short but the message is awesome , you just feel it ! this is best to watch on family home evenings .
this is a super invention ! handy , convenient , fairly big sound for small device ! i plan on trying the other models ! cool
nice .
this one will fit securely and comfortably , are sweat resistant . also it produces very good bass . but it is very pricey .
good value . little disappointed it came with no directions so challenging to put together . otherwise , very versatile and solid quality .
i love her quartet and the characters she creates . i will continue to be an avid fan of her works !
love it cant wait for the next book one of her best books great great great loved it lol lol
excellent book , this is a great book to keep you informed and renew somethings learned along time agol thank you
beautiful item , heavy , solid bellperson that received item was very pleasedeasy to hang , looks greatyou won't be disappointed
great for young children and senior citizens to do together . educational and fun . unfortunately skipping a clue in not fun
very comfortable . will buy more when these wear out . they are still being used almost daily here in sunny florida !
this book full of details with beautiful imagined imagery in my mind . mind blowing to the least . my favorite book .
glad was able to find certain music that's not in print anymore . good mixture of music .
holds up my inch tv very wellvery sturdy , solid , easy to install , took my about half an hour
love this set recommend for the babies you know who need to be bundled up this winter versatile and so so soft !
this is a great camera to have in your pocket . and the quality is great from such a little machine .
do what i want them to do and the price was right
amazing . everyone should read .
this song reminds me of how blessed i am and i listen to it when i need a boost .
my summer reading is going well
enough , medium is actually big enough to fit around my calves . just slightly enough to almost cut off my circulation .
i used this in a milk stout recipe for home brewing . the product came quickly , as described and worked great .
excellent sale a accurate description , quick shipping
yes , i love the chairs . they are very comfy . great buy !
love it
excellent quality .
this is a solid enameled steel sign with clear and vivid graphics . it cheers me up and makes me happy .
as i am designing a new flag at this stage this book is a great asset for reference . highly recomended .
i was a little nervous at first if it would not charge . works great ! would buy again in the future
every parent should read this book . one of the reviews said it was extreme , but sometimes the truth just is .
this was a great movie that was visually stunning and stayed true to the story line for the most part .
i thought i was getting one battery , but instead it's a package . nice price for the set . this is it
among all the management books i've been reading this book in the top decileshort , focused and effectivepure pleasure
no probs with the headset all works really well i got what i paid for and im happy with it
purchased this as a gift for a friend and she loved it ! was a perfect addition for her pandora bracelet .
i bought of these for graduation gifts . the money clips are a nice weight , slim , perfect . great product , great price .
the kind of book that hooks you and won't let go . you look for excuses to sit down and read .
i now have of these boxes . they are great for playing media in bedrooms , kitchens , etc .
incredible !
this dust cover meets all my requirements ! i would recommend it to a friend ! reasonable cost flexible durable easy to use nice appearance
i liked some songs on this cd better than others , but its still yanni so i love it anyway .
the book is greatly admired by me i wish when i write it comes out like this it is perfect
very adorable angel bear my granddaughter loved it good quality for a good price can't go wrong with angels right
just love it , nice fit , nice quality , it gives a better feel of the weapon . you will enjoy it more .
thick paper and paper feels nice in the hand . printed words and images show up very well on the paper .
very good device if you practice inversions on the wall . i used others but none is so comfortable . the best .
i love this game . it's my favorite ! i wish you could sell items you no longer need though . please fix !
it was very easy to install and it provides protection for my samsung intensity . excellent value for the money
item arrived on time and as listed . grandson's love it .
i loved the tv series and now my collection is complete . these are chilling tales from the crypt . awesome scares .
great fit , beautiful , bra . i have all colors . i would recommend this bra to anyone ! the fit is really comfortable .
love it verrrrrry much i mean alot i am very happy i got this one it has a lot more
pippi longstocking was a childhood favorite . i was delighted to find a copy . the story is still entertaining at .
wind wheel nice quality and it spins very well it looks great too . i would recommend for any garden lover .
was a great gift and everything was in the package like it was suppose to be , great gift for anyone .
this works perfect for my jeep grand cherokee no issues at all installed myself toke about mins max .
excellent book , would not buy a first home without reading it , it met all of my expectations and then some !
great for a collector , and the lron man franchise ,
a very nice sight and unbeatable price .
charger works with my phone and cost much less than the verizon one . is a little hot when in use .
this series was awesome . the characters are believable and loveable . the plot was interesting . i would recommend this series highly .
this a awesome read . well worth the price . great for anyone thinking about short term missions .
a wonderful gift through prime !
this album presents two great jazz luminaires the great ruby braff and a wonderful guitar player very listenable
the frame was in sturdy metal and brand new , exactly as expected and when expected .
good deal , when it's on sale . probably not worth so much at full price , but that's the wonder of amazon .
i love the kickstand very handy . overall , it's a little thick , but it definitely protects the phone . i would recommend it .
great tie ! bought for my brothers graduation party and everyone loved the red color , looked very sharp ! definitely would recommend !
the tank war from another perspective altogether . an easy read , well written personal account i had not seen before .
i'm grateful for the focus i get when i wear this ring which helps me stay focused on christ .
very good better then i thought . i don't know what else to write so im filling in the rest now .
satisfied with service . and the kids i got it for have enjoyed it over and over .
gorgeous sheet set . love them . i wish i had bought sets . used them for my bronco's quest rooms upstairs .
a good quality cloth and cover , looks like it will last .
love these faux luggage storage boxes . the look nice enough to keep out and store photos , etc . terrific price too .
gave this to my grandson but his parents fell in love with the book too . very much a multi generational book ,
really liked this movie
better than the stock lightbulk . good quality and fast shipping .
great helmet and an amazing deal ! it even came days earlier than predicted ! definitely would recommend to other riders .
my son enjoys building with legos . this set was nice because it has three house plans .
love it .
if you are looking for a good game this is it this is a good past time game good luck
really , really love this ! many , many of elton john's great hits . i am so sorry i didn't buy it sooner .
the product arrived quickly and was in excellent condition . the price i paid was excellent
quick , easy , suitable for the occasion we wanted to celebrate . flexible for the recipient on how to spend the voucher
excellent series . enjoyable , believable characters .
excellent explanation of his work by a master calligrapher . i highly recommend it for any student of poetry or zen .
works as advertised . it's a life saver
i would recommnd this program to anyone who loves to watch how to programs , buddy's cakes are beautiful , he's awesome
this parfume is sensational
we are huge good luck , charlie fans at this house , and my kids were thrilled that i downloaded this song .
another great singer who takes you in and wraps you up in his voice and music . i just love it .
i have used this on my toyota tacoma and it works great . it's simple , efective , and easy to use .
highly recommended for the professional tradesman . worth the price . would certainly recommend to anyone else to purchase this tool . thanks
super great socks ! excellent price good wash inside out drip dry ! use them at home , on stretching class long wear !
even though it's a trail version , it is super fun . playing on the kindle fire is awesome ! recommend this game !
this is a good book especially for people living in areas which are prone to disasters especially hurricane and earthquakes
great immune booster . i use it when i am feeling sick or feel a cold comming on for quicker recovery .
so soft and comfortable i need more . the comfort waiste band help prevent irrirtation to my waiste . definately will order more packs
a very beautiful colored wand with lots of positie energy . excellent for use with tuning forks reiki . good buy .
the quality is outstanding looks fantastic and should last a long time absolutely worth the money you spend !
i got this to help with sleep . not sure about that yet . jury still out . have only taken a few times .
not as many levels as facebook but just as fun . nice to play on my kindle instead of the computer .
works all the time for me . gets rid of all bumps in chin and neck thank god for this . omg
grows
one of those books you find hard to out down . that quick read in the evening turns into a few hours .
this shoes are great would love to find them in black . it s my second pair .
works great !
love the personal stories !
the instructions were easy to follow . installation took less than half an hour . everything was included in the package .
like the size becuase it was perfect for my mo old . the parts were all just her size . really cute .
my son bought it for his dest top updating . it is good , he likes it . it works good too .
i love this blue ray , small , good , quality , the machien came in the correct place to avoid waste of money
husband loves it . very accurate , compact , puts on belt .
i thoroughly enjoyed this book ! highly recommend it !
love being able to relax in the tub !
good book
very nice dvd
very good season
i currently work at a hospital and did some empirical testing and it is quite close to major hospital equipment !
great product . we used it for our sofa and car leather surfaces . it dries quickly and doesn't leave any residue .
i gave these socks as a gift and i am so loved .
works great ! stuff does stick to it really easily but its not hard to clean off .
for once , a band that got a lot of hype actually is worthy of the praise .
takes me back to when i was young and the carnival came to town .
got it very quickly . exactly like the description . like new . would buy from this seller again .
multiple timers that can be used simultaneously ! i adore this app , and use it every day for cooking . five stars !
loved this show when it was on tv and still love it . but then i'm a big syfy fan anyway .
what is there to write about a cutler hammer amp breaker other than it works . and four more words .
grandson loves this product !
the mouse pad came just as the ad said it would new andunopened i would order from this seller again
grandson loves it
i needed a replacement battery for my remote , and this one fit perfectly and is working exactly as it should .
great movie . just enough action and humor and puzzles to hit all the right notes . very much enjoyed it . recommend .
well written guide to buddhist practice
its really cool to turn these shot glasses over and over to watch the words change . such a cool idea .
this is such a fun and effective dance workout , and jennifer's teaching style is easy and enjoyable to follow repeatedly .
these are perfect and don't shut off like regular heating pads . great for my cats and for those little pains
this book kept me hooked from the beginning . i was begging to know what happened next ! oh , and always pick , treat !
great tips
product arrived in timely manner . was as advertised . would buy from this seller again . thank you .
a very simple item , that my two cats , jake elwood , love . and they don't usually like manufactured cat toys .
excellent and sturdy product for low to ground camera shooting . bubble level useful and tripod head is easy to use .
works great to charge my phone when traveling and when i'm somewhere without power for a long time . seems sturdy .
steal deal ! no joke ! i have it and its the best wireless headphones with bluetooth . . best sound and connectivity !
very good product . if only there was a indication of the shelf life after opening .
really just a wonderful book . it's escapism at it's best , and the characters are incredibly engaging .
arguably one of child's best story lines . complex and suspensful . enjoyed every page !
canon eos d mp cmos digital slr camera with inch lcd and mm f . . is ud standard zoom lens
i would by this product again and i will recommend my friend buy this product also , in the next month .
it fits just right . it's for my daughter who is going to college in the fall , she absolutely loves it .
lo compre usado y estaba en excelente estado , llego en tiempo y forma y el producto es de excelente calidad .
super deal ! i love them and very easy to play . thank you so much ! fast delivery too !
the blueray dvd came exactly as described . great movie and highly recommended for anyone looking for some good movie titles !
this game makes you think outside the box . the whole family gets involved with trying to solve the fun puzzle .
exactly what i expected . bright , vivid , good quality and perfect size . looks even better with more posters around it d
worked the one and only time i watched it . i guess i have to rate it high because of that .
this is the most amazing show i have ever seen in my life time . wonderful , exciting , and truly a masterpiece !
first switch blade i have had in thirty years . it looks great and works great . great knifefor the price
the only disappointment is no close caption on programming . deaf and hard of hearing have no use for this product .
super , but too slow to delivery
the watch is finer in picture . not too bad looking though but i expected more . love d boldness
great switcher with remote without any other plugins . minimalistic . it's better than i expected for the price . a great buy .
very entertaining .
i really enjoy playing this slot game . it is like i am in las vegas without losing any real money .
i loved this one . it was just to short , i wasn't ready for the story to end and wanted more .
story and characters are in the top five . of my favoris . tes . and i refuse to write anymore of these report
takes only coat and then a little touch up once it's on the wall . couldn't be easier . looks very nice .
keep up the good work commander ! can't wait for the movies to come out ! please keep us updated ! awesome story !
a fantastic toy . my grand daughter loves it . that said , the designers could have left out the sound feature . lame and annoying .
slipknot makes a suprise appearance with i am hated . they can kick away all the other mtv phonies anyday !
surface holds your style yet easy to switch to the messy look . very light weight holds up in humidity !
these are very pretty . nice setting , really nice sparkle . however , they are way too large to ever be considered real .
great learning tool for a year old . she loves to make and wear jewelry . will enjoy this for months .
this is a nice printer , love the wireless aspect , slightly bulky for a mobile printer .
listen to it over and over . it'a so anointed , whenever i feeloverwhelmed it's so encouraging ! i love jenn johnson's voice .
cute story . enjoyable to read . it's not going to win any prizes but it is a fun book to read .
very riveting music . touches every emotional level in your heart and soul . powerful music from start to finish . just powerful .
received this dvd in great condition and very quickly ! i am thoroughly enjoying it ! thank you ! thank you ! thank you !
great book as usual . i love the alex cross series . can't wait for the next action . james patterson you rock .
my grandson played with this and i ended up play with it too . it's great when you need a break .
loved this ! great to hear what happened from another point of view ! wish it could go on forever and ever .
pretty great story . different from what i thought . would see it again and recommend it for others to watch it .
worth every dollar ! extremely bright at a distance and certainly gets drivers and pedestrians attention .
waiting for return slip on pouch to get another one
very effective with arthritis pain . only a tiny bit is needed . dee da dee da dee da day da day
hold backs are much nicer than the image shown and so very pretty . they are so easy to put up
best training treats ! my girls love them and are extra egaer to listen ! we will be ordering more very soon !
they were made of good quality . very sturdy and the emblem was great . would recommend it to others to purchase .
it fit perfectly and is going strong till now . cant complain yet .
one of the best works of mr . yergin . after he wrote the prize we where awating for his next book
the best yet , just love this item reminds me from when i was a kid , would by everytime no ?
this is an adorable little gift , especially for someone with limited storage or display space .
this is the best of eric clapton . he is a true proffesional , a time tested musician for rock and roll
happy when these work to help my garden produce a good crop and keeps the bugs out that need tobe
the replacement power cord for my lenovo t works just like a new one , but not at the same cost .
this book on windows xp brings information that helps the reader understand how to use windows xp to her his advantage .
no problems here , every round has fed well , been accurate , and no problems ! count will last a while . thanks
just as good if not better than the first book , george r . r . martin is an amazing writer and storyteller .
like the looks . provides good enough protection . the only thing to make it better would be a clip or carabiner .
the lid fits snugly and securely into the base . excellent for dispensing vinegar or oil at the table .
it is very satisfying and very comforting
it's the coolest thing ever lol love this for my garden lots if compliments onit specially from my garden friends
delivery was quick . like that i am able to put keurig on top , saves counter space . would recommend .
marvel action figures are the gift of the year for my grandson . these will be welcome additions to his collection !
my girls are entertained by this simple matching game . each card is different with different combinations of items .
it is thin but a beautiful handkerchief .
very well written . humorous , explicit sexual content .
i've purchased some crappy chargers in the past and this is not one of them . works perfectly . will buy again .
the selection is good , play this at night while iam on computer , always love to hear from diana . shes good .
enjoyable read , would recommend to all . surprises even at the end of book . will follow up on other victor methos reads .
simple idea should work a treathave only just put it into the brown sugar container a few days ago .
great product great buy
i loved this book ! the characters you couldn't help but fall in love with . can't wait for saved to come out !
nannette girls x poplin dress with floral embroidery design , ocean is beautiful thank you . i like it very much
i gave this book to my mother who loves words . she absolutely loves it .
very protective without being bulky . plus the back attaches to dashboard and will open a beer bottle ! would recommend this .
as soon as he saw the crocs he got crazy about . the number was exactly and we love that shoes !
it's really clear soundlooks so niceworth much more then what i paid
loved this book and the rest of the series . i read the entire series three times and would highly recommend !
all the world should own this ! haven't listened in years and of course it is still as great as ever !
loved it . very educational as well as entertaining at the same time . it is one of those timeless movies amustsee
although i guessed a lot of the ending , i still enjoyed both the plot and the characters . worth the read .
this is one of those items that you want to have it attached to something light and delicate . very pretty
very nice thigh slimmer , works wonderful on my back as well as other places that need a little more fit .
i have followed all these characters , and love the on going tale . it touches the heart . kresley cole is amazing !
maureen o'hara very good as usual very good story line ! not her usual type of movie but very very good !
i love using my gas pressure device to open my wine bottles . these cartridges seem to last a long time .
lovely , have it , use it but the loop is weak , still is a very lovely pendant ,
if your looking for most the best songs get it . some of the funnest new wave around .
i had no issues with this order . it came in plenty of time before summer school started .
have ordered and reordered and will continue to order as long as this product is available and still reasonably priced .
really enjoyed the book and even better it was two in one with the extra one being the follow up .
i checked out the benefits of the product , but they gave me upset my stomach and gave me cinnamon burps .
bought this memory for my gb ram lenovo t . no problem until now . now it has gb ram . much better performance .
theses work great and where proper for the phone that i have . charged right up and causes no problem good
i have used this book on many occasions to enhance my writing .
this moovee is real good . i likes all thee akshun and wen hulk beets lowkey into thee flor . two thums .
love it . perfect size for a toddler ! the hood is great for drying your child's hair . love live love it
don't be fooled by cheaper type . these work great ! sturdy easy to use design . individually wrapped . ready to light .
since the fancy script alphabet was manufactured incorrectly , i elected to use this one . wish there was a fancy alphabet .
product fits like it was built just for my laptop and lasts longer than the original dell battery . highly recommend .
must read . its the best hood book ive ever read ! support support support support please support ! lol im done withbt
this is the best album i have ever heard . lisa marie presley is a genius rock on !
second purchase of jewelry item from this seller . quality is excellent , product was perfect !
i have average hands and these grips feel nice . fit finish and color all perfect . almost feels like an early cz .
i've had this item for two years and it has never been a problem never . it is in use continuously .
have just discovered this wonderful author and read several books in a row . a not to be missed experience .
great product , it has significantly improved my kidney performance . i recommended it for anyone who wants to improve their lives .
another knock out of the park from ava miles . couldn't put it down !
great fabric and fit ! excellent ! highly recommend for anyone looking for some nice undies . comfortable and great looking ! love em !
this is a great app . it not only contains all scripture , it includes most if not all the lds manuals .
great game just wish it didn't require wifi like so many other do today .
a must for any photographer , this book covers all aspects of photography and is packed with great useful information . thanks
great flag !
i live in arizona these are perfect earrings for desert bears fans ! i receive many compliments .
be transported to another age where love and family values are evident through the everyday experiences of this family . enjoy .
get it and find out what all the fuss is about . trent at his very best as always .
this cd is awesome and i love it . each song is better than the last one . i highly recommend it .
fast paced and fun . reminds me of early dean koontz . enjoyed every minute and could not put it dow .
great bag , great price
nice and heavy . looks great . but the pull out is heavy as well .
i really enjoyed this book . i think i have a new favorite author . she reminds me of mary higgins clark .
love this game . the gritty ambient , the stealth , everything . still not finished though
fits the units perfectly . far cheaper than buying all new unit which still works just fine . arrived in good condition .
i am a c cup and this is the only bra i wear when i run . it has great support !
i really enjoyed this game . i back phil robertson . stop the suspension ! go duck dynasty . i love the show . quack quack
she enjoys the book so much she doesn't want to do to bed without itlooking forward to the next one
great live band ! i wish i could find out who they are . would love to see them livein atlanta ga .
a good romance great , no some fantastic , sex scenes . what i found the most annoying were all the typos proofread , please !
just started using it , looking forward to the weight loss . eating is the key and working out always helps people .
just add some water to the powdered mustard and you will have a terrific chinese mustard which is quite hot .
gold case looks excellent and slim design . works great . shipped on schedule . cut outs fit iphone c perfectly . would buy again .
raices habaneras is a great compilation of afro cuban music . it maintains the tradition and style that it represents .
looks better than the picture , almost made me go out and get the full size version .
pogue's latest manual of iphoto ' is informative and very useful as usual . what apple fails to do , pogue does .
i read somewhere that don moen has sold more than million cd's i can understand why . another keeper
came across one of her books in this series by accident . like the series very much . have read them all .
i find this book invaluable for it's insight and clarity . the information he conveys would be useful to all ages .
cute , effective and handy to have . i cook and use a lot of onions yum and love this little onion keeper .
looks great and has a good quality feel . luvvitt never disappoints .
excellent read
true to size fit . half sizes go up to whole size .
i have only one request make the rd one as soon as possible ! the best cast ever to play these characters !
real good sounding speakers but the frequencies only go down to hz , good for front and rear presence speakers .
very entertaining ! loved the fact that gwenvael finally met his match ! and yes , still loving that ridiculous dragon family !
very good quality , well made heavy ring , looks like it will hold up . the finish on the ring is very nice
i bought it for . how can i complain ? it's on my kindle but i have not looked at it .
this rinses hair nicely and love the rubbery edges so it nearly eliminates all the soapy water in the eyes
fits well , looks great and very comfortable . wore them one day and got loads of complements . great purple color . thanks
i think it is gonna blow up
great solution for games that need motion adapter and silicone sleeve works great for when the originals get torn !
i have no complaints about my book . it was sent in excellent condition and has been easy to read .
the johnson brothers regency is timeless . i have had my original pieces for years and they still look wonderful .
works great , but the manual is on the high end of technical details . fast shipping .
a great song about love and heartbreak . it is a great shame he is not getting the attention he deserves
well made item with good light output
this device is a must have for the leapster . saves tons of money in batteries .
great quality and price as always . they have the perfect size for sterilized baby gear and food . plastic is thick .
good product . lots of suck . that it needs recharge after minutes is a bummer . it gets the dirt up .
this set of books are a good read and you can enjoy the relationships that develop also sexy scottish men .
i really enjoyed this book so much and i now have so many funny jokes to tell to my family .
such an awesome cover for the low price paid and is very true to color . came in earlier than expected
this is a true story by dr . mani . his is a wonderful book . you just have to read it and find out yourself
this desmond plate is outstanding , for the price , you can't beat it . gos nice with there dac , and very heavy duty bilt too .
like this color , warm cup of small qiao , carrying bag is very convenient , a cup of coffee feel warmth thick .
i love this purse ! i use it all the time now . came in a timely mannor . purse looks so real !
came charged out of the box , so far so good , but will know only in the long run .
the jacket looked nice . we gave it as a gift . it arrived quickly and appeared to be of good quality .
very comfortable , look good . just what i was looking for . probably will buy a few more pair in different colors
happy with the product and most especially happy with fast shipping and handling . thank you .
slightly big , but very comfortable ! love the colors ! many compliments as well . very happy to purchase these shoes . no regrets .
excellent case to protect cameras and its accessories . very very good quality . low price . a very good option . very good
this is a great product . an awesome price and seems to be decent quality . takes the abuse and keeps going .
it does its jobkids say its perfect and in good condition . kids love it and they recommend it to everyone .
it is a good investment , once replaced the foil and cutter the razor likes new . i like it very much .
easy to use and smooth scroll . this is a compact mouse . usb receiver is plug n play on win os
very good leather case , fits the ipadvery well . all the cutouts are in the proper place . this is the one to get .
an in depth look into the past of the south . well written , and thought provoking . can't wait for his follow up novel .
very fast delivery , great packaging and really good condition of merchandise dvd set . i definitely recommend standing ovation !
the book was great and a little bit weird butsatisfying i should have been a secondbook . should read it
it fit great and was very well made . has survived after daily use in the ocean im a dive instructor tourguide
as always , lindsey davis has given us a wonderful novel . i can't wait for her next book .
very informative about a chapter in us history i had never heard of before . worth paging through .
better and stronger than antivirus i hope . only had it for a month . good price getting on line for dollars
burke at his best . colorful , interesting , and this is the real world as only jlburke can write it ! enjoyable .
the watch looks nice and serves the purpose for which it was ordered .
beautiful piece of art ! matches the euro banana holder that is on the counter beside the mug holder . very sturdy .
it was a great season . great show , loved it . would recommend it to ppl interested in history , drama or both !
my niece is a big little mermaid fan and bought this from early xmas shopping . arrived on time and love it
this nd book of mrs pedigrees peculiar children is cool so i encourage you to read this book and others
fun to read . if you are from the mountains , then you will know many of the characters in this book .
loved it ! cool plot for a tudor fanatic like me . nice to see more of his interaction with his son .
every song is amazing . except track . get this album you wont regret it
our son's dog loves this toy , we had to order another one . gave last christmas and its his favorite toy
great product . helped me get some solid sleep and get on a schedule while working night shift .
it fits well and looks great . the colors and stripes look smart and the material is comfy . baby loves it .
keeps u in suspense and i just couldnot put the book down till i had read the whole book .
my granddaughter loves this .
my energy levels went up and mood improved greatly . pricey but it works .
very good story . christine , keeps your attention and makes you want to find out how it will all end . enjoy
it is worth the price , makes what it promises . smells really good as well . good product . will try again soon
these work great . should last a long long long . ect . ect . you get the idea . time . eight more words that was only three . two more . okay now
i just love the characters in the series and just to watch them develope through out the books is neat .
basic fun and entertainment . family film . rj is great as mr . wilson !
love this case , well worth the money ! i recommend this item to the highest ! i just ordered the wrong case
this is an excellant buy . it came earlier than expected and works very well .
always happy with plantronics products ! bluetooth is always clear and works very well with all phones that i have owned !
my son is on the lean side and these diapers fit his legs perfectly . never had a leakage or blowout .
yes thank you more please .
i never get tired of watching this movie ! so funny . perfect for kids or grandparents , or anyone in between .
i liked this one . have never read anything by this author before but would try other books by her again
irreverent , incredibly funny , with great plot . seemed real or at least easy to suspend disbelief ! great book . i enjoyed it . thanks
use it on my cats to eliminate the loose fur and it does the job . would recommend it to others .
my wife uses this exclusively , sure beats the stuff that breaks off in your mouth . good product .
this was the first time i heard of the all american rejects and this particular song was beautiful , worth buying
love these
very good . heartwarming . this was food for thought and really true to the lives of the amish . a fast read .
works well
very well re mastered beautiful colors and a good audio the story is for me the best a cult movie
a great addition to any serious cook's bookshelf . reading it is almost as good as tasting the deliciouos end products .
itis interesting but doesn't grab my son's attention for more then monutes . i still looking for something more efficient .
excellent deal ! i purchased a phone with triple minutes . the minutes turned into minutes . what a great deal .
i orginally wanted the plastic gift card but i hit printable gift card insteadhowever , we're happy with our choicethank you
very nice shoe . looks and feels great . glad i purchased this on line . i would return for more values . thank you
its dr bronners , what can you say . great soap and an even better value by the gallon . buy it now
i love this version more than the original . makes me cry often .
it's just long enough to not be over done and short enough to read before bed . highly recommended .
i use this when i don't have fresh or need to fix a meal fast . good taste for the money
she's a lotta fun . never complains . were gonna catch a movie and fool around a little tonight . thanks a ton !
it looks gggrreat on my black car ! i want to get another for the other door ! thank u graphic planet !
another in the series of world of warcraft expansions . necessary to hit the level cap
excellent product . i use it for cooking all the time , and love it . turns my ipad into my favorite cookbook .
one of the best mystery thriller books i have read lately . the plot is great , the whole book a great read .
i love these because they do everything i need donein one product . looking forward to finding more in thiscatagory . susan
this is not as shiny as the picture . it has a great , comfortable fit and looks hot with tall boots .
fix'd the blazer and i can finally read the gas meter ! also , fast shipping !
great alternative if you can't drink milk . wish they had it in strawberry flavor , my niece would drink it everyday .
one of the best shows on tv . lots of action drama fighting guns , who could ask for more ? great show
within a few days i noticed a change did not have any pain i wish they came in bigger packs
bought one of these for my work to sit at a counter top . nice quality and sturdy for the price .
my husband loves this wallet . he likes to carry a minimal amount of stuff and this is perfect for that .
grandson loves it , i personally wished the qualithy was better
i love this table . i love the wood texture and color . very useful for working from home . totally recommend it !
i really needed it badly when i ordered it and that is why i ordered it , now i am happy
choose this product because my son in law loves skulls . yes did recommend family and friends to this website . ty ty
gave this as a gift the person receiving it loved it ! a great way to personalize your cell phone .
very unique and can't wait to use it . my husband loved it he received it as a christmas present .
there's a lot more things in the environment that can do you in than you would know without reading this .
fits perfectly and i love the option of having the tilt up legs now .
this was a x mas gift and my son loved it ! in awesome shape , now just have to fill with tools .
this book really held my interest . it was hard to put down . i love historical fiction and this was great .
i wish icould give stars ! it helped alot . i would never have known how to breed a donkey
it is a tear jerker in parts . some parts move slow . over all it is a quite a good book .
great product at a great price . i'm always happy with my sandisk products . i will continue to buy from them .
glad someone finished up the series ! this book was an entertaining read ! if you like zombie books , read this trilogy !
so far so good . been on for weeks now .
it's perfect . small , discreet , a little on the 'loud' side but nothing a pillow can't muffle out . worth every penny .
operates well , but has a slight leak .
this is my fav wes anderson film . although all the others are great too . i strongly recommend this film .
engaging characters and story cash gets into the heart of the small community and the many layers of life there .
most comfortable flips i've owned . good arch support . i would definitely buy these again and recommend these to other buyers .
great case , well acted . gorgeous people , making beautiful music , in the city that never sleeps . hope it stays this good .
enjoyed it from beginning to end . loved it so much , i recently bought it as a gift for a friend .
i got what i wanted in a timely manner . would buy more in the future .
it is very smooth and wrinkle free . good quality . it went on my iphone c nicely and i didn't get help .
solid set with good quality logs . big solid tin to hold them as well . does not fill the whole tin thou .
helpful , insightful . i read through the entire book in one night . i gladly shared info that i have learned . simply awesome info
these work great . tight fit . colorful . they seem like they will last a while . price is very good , no complaints .
phone works like a charm , great reception , fantastic quality , use it for almost all tasks
the nail file is extremely durable and the cover makes it easy and convenient to carry around in my handbag .
perfect fit great product and great price . thank you don't read the negative reviews because they not true thanks ventshade
the voice directions are great when you are driving alone and can't take eyes off road to read a screen .
my grandchildren love it , my granddaughter plays she is the dentist and i'm the patient , she is a roughy dentist !
good am reception . this is the only radio that picks up the station that i want to listen to .
put together easy ! kittens love it ! decent price , but i don't know if it will lastmuch longer than a year .
happy with purchase of adidas basketball shoes very happy with the fit and overall performance of shoes good material great
really informative book about the ways the us eats and how this impacts our bodies and the economy . great job !
smells so good ! burns steadily and evenly . can't get enough ! i will purchase another one when this one runs out !
again , these guys are refreshing and great .
good quality . very easy for depart keyboard from tablet . very easy to put both togather and connect . nice color too . like it
people you most hear this book . it has what most young reads want . love , lost and more love . it was awesome .
i can now plug my iphone into the aux jack in my car and listen to pandora and itunes !
it's luminous and light actually effects the appearance of younger smoother skin instantly . totally worth it ! it's a great sunscreen too .
fantastic little collection . one of those purchases that you end up being happy because it's nicer then you expected .
mr velayas has a very different , yet interesting , style of telling his story . a very quick and quirky read .
great boots with a small heel . stylish too ! i can wear these all day long without them hurting my feet .
this book was really funny ! it stays on topic . also great for children . very creative and artistic . i'll share you
very good lessons ! very good teacher . online support . actually teaches the technique to improve ! delivers what it promises ! it is worth buying !
cute book , but it was the cover that i loved so much . and it looks great in my roswell alien bar !
laughed a lot .
i gave this as a give . it was received with a lot of praise . looks very nice on her patio
like her older ones a little better but still love her voice .
i have gone through several types and more expensive liquid liners , i like this product the best .
girlfriend loves and , well ex , shes a bitch now but year she wears it t school on her neckles now
they work perfectly , they are stylish , and colorful . i would purchase these again with no reservations . thank you sound beats .
def a must for jay nd kels fans if u dont liek them dont get it u wont understand it
on our short trip to my dtr's awards ceremony , the digital camera was charged suficiently . nice product so far . tdidfs
covers my top expensive driver and no one knows what club i have in my bag . also makes people laugh
a new combo with david foster is coming out dec do you have the information yet ? thanks , sally
the ruler is back , with a quality album , a must for every record collection
my year old granddaughter loves all things hello kitty andcwhen she got this , she wore it at every opportunity .
however , the installation instruction is not clear . needed to disassemble it in order to make it fit into the opening .
these trunks fit great and have good support for my fundamentals . i recommend these to who ever is looking .
i continue to enjoy his work and eagerly watch for his newest releases . i recommend this book to mystery fans .
i just love the fact that it makes my fish tank beautiful . i will surely recommend this to my friends .
using avene redness relief soothing cream is the best thing my dermatologist has advised me to do about my rosecea .
these are easy to use , easy to charge , produce good quality sound , and are reliable . absolutely no problems , no complaints .
my wife loves it she used it to look up all kinds of different things and has with her always
what kind i say , i love these things . i do a mix of wasabi almonds , wasabi peas and regular almonds .
works well , dogs like the taste . it seems to be doing ok haven't had it long enough tongi e results .
absolutely loved this series . you don't have to be a teenager to enjoy relate to these books .
product as described . good quality . fit is not as oem battery but it performs as expected .
i feel like my phone is very safe from the elements it's nice looking too . i love these colors .
we love it . it's perfect for all the packets and compliments my set . i would recommend this for fiesta lovers .
should have read the description more but it does work had to still get a case for my iphone
for the price you'd think this was just a cheap radio but this lil guy is really worth the price .
it looks lovely on my phone . thanks
the vest is warm , comfortable and stylish . very great vest for the price ! that was nice but still like them .
i bought this game for my son but he has even got his dad playing the game with him now !
a great continuation of the first book . i am looking foward to reading the final book in trilogy . the secret speech .
purchased for class and item was new and in great condition . have used the book and has held up nicely .
liking milan somewhat more in this book . again a fast read . good story line . thought it was a fun read .
great sheets and a high quality ledger . good price , too .
love this nd book in t he series . truly bridget was good for chad even without the publicist's bothersome interference
really like family ties have almost all the season out love to watch tv series would watch again thank you
best audio video i've ever experienced with this film ! love the extras and the book !
well written book , keeps interest right to end .
what an awesome deal for a daily eyeliner user . goes on smooth .
ok still love fifty shades . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
this is a good summer read . i read it in days while lounging at the pool over the weekend .
form fit and functional replacement for oem cord in camera kit . works like a charm and the price is right !
i thoroughly enjoyed this book . great character development and such a deep , heart tugging storyline that draws you in . loved !
the box arrived very well protected and no damage . the set is lovely and i am thrilled with it .
a real page turner . a fast read with interesting characters . ilove it and would recommend it to my friends .
very happy with this golf bag . looks strong and the straps also look good . seems very good for carrying it .
but there is no most beutiful christmas song melanie thornton i miss you . wondeful dream
one of a kind old stuff .
i absolutely loved this book . great action , dialog and character development . i can not wait for the next book !
very insightful and thought provoking book .
.
this is an excellent cd . i have been listening it during years . absolute must have
great
great book awesome insights of modern battle . would recommend to every one who likes to read military books . cool cool
this are very good good enough to get the job done nothing to special about theese mouth gaurds will do
we bought it for new construction . it has yet to be installed , but is beautiful . was recommended by a friend .
i don't know how many more times i can say that i am absolutely addicted to this comic ! omg amazing !
great story about how true love can overcome any bias and any barrier . easy quick read to uplift the spirits .
i really like the case happy with my choice of purchase . my captivate fits perfect . it's a great accessory !
we were put on this earth to be happy . that we all hold the key to our success and happiness .
really liked my daughter
get stoned and watch this movie , i have never laughed so hard in my life !
i think this game is very fun , it is also very much like i spy . i love i spy .
gotten for child to use with her netbook . successfully was able to replace original battery . new one lasts longer . thanks
easy and fun to use . lots of fun times . easily recommend this for any age . five more words needed still .
meg and the treanch are the two greatest books of all time
i read about this cd in rolling stone magazine . i am glad i ordered it . this music is great stuff .
fits well . stylish . not really suitable for really wet or winter but cute and nice to wear
size was excatly as seen on the offer page . material seems of good quality abd would recommend to others . thanks !
perfect size for my baby girl , but if your an adult way to small . glad i didnt get for my girlfriend lol .
the moroccan curtain is beautiful and was a perfect fit to my new moroccan room .
i found this book extremely helpful and easy to read . a worthwhile reference book . i recommend it to all users .
really nice case , love it
i bought of these and they work very nice . they're used in a business setting and they've held up .
i got married in november and loved how these looked on the altar at church , we bought several of them .
this is really cools stuff the producer is a genius hehehhelove it , the best apps for pictures or photo
i have used this a couple times a week for about a year now . works perfectly .
its a great product that provides exactly what is shown in the description . overall i am happy with my purchase .
it was a very pretty blouse , but it comes too small to the size x
derek is my hero and i wanted to see how he was raised . i admire him and his family . great book .
it's great . plenty of functions , easy to use and compact .
happy to hear the music history and connect the dots for gram parsons msical growth and development i like it
was the perfect fit for the tablets made great gifts for my grandchildren and very easy to order thank you
love ! love ! love .
what more is there to say this is one of the best comedies of all time and the perfect casting .
its the same classic game for the xbox on your computer . still pull it out and play it . buy it .
good shipper , good product . it's samsungs refusal to stand behind their product problem following a class action law suit that sucks
this book really explains the bible and will give you a whole new outlook on life . very inspiring and encouraging .
got these when they were on sale . seem to work fine for ipad and pc use . no problems yet w
my yr old leaks though all other diapers . these work great .
it works great . it's got the power , different modes , and is small and compact . not disappointed one bit .
finally everything i've wanted in coffee ! it's quiet but still sounds like it's working hard and the coffee . buy this !
this is a nice tie as a good price , vibrant color and smooth feel . i'll buy more without hesitation . thanks
have read this classic many times and have always enjoyed it . if you loved the movies you'll love this book
engaging book that is hard to put down . frequent twists keep you turning the pages or flipping the screens ! enjoy !
good ram , just wrong type . my fault , had to return it .
organic ! keep making organic socks and i'll keep buying them . these are great and in a lot of colors , too !
great product excellent price !
grandkid love making labels for all their stuff
love this color bright and pretty definitely a good color for the collection if you love bright toes or fingers
i really think it has worked . i do plan on buying more in the up coming weeks . thanks so much !
rosenstrassei absolutely loved the movie . i highly recomend . fatima r . fugate
awesome case to protect such a valuable asset at a reasonable price . i'm very pleased . very ballisticly sexy . thank you !
this is a great gift for any star wars fan . the pod series is interesting , fun , and imaginative . great gift .
it keeps the mess inside the microwave to a minimum and it stores flat . what more could you want ?
this is a great phone , fits in my living room decor perfectly . i love the phone and the classic look !
come on . it's twister . even people who said it's formulaic and clich eacute still watch it when nobody else is around .
very enjoyable read that can be read in a day . i amlooking forward to many more books by the author .
so far , so good we have used this diaper twice a week for several months . trouble free . we would buy another .
loved the way it flows in the wind . its great for anything a night out , on a date . im ft lbs
great tool . i bought the only one that amazon carried that day and wished they had more . love that tool .
my child loves this bed . easy to put together and seems pretty sturdy . great bed for the price . highly recommend .
super comfy
works pretty well , a bit nosiey . easy to install and set up . can't work with home automation . excellent price
received it fast ! gave it to my husband for father's day , he's really enjoying it .
this book was amazing and if you've read the other books read this one . can't wait for the second one
after about a year it started getting loose and the rubber borders started falling off . good enough , but not great .
what a bargain and very comfy . i may get anothet . it warm in the winter and cool in the summer . love
this was a great deal for a name brand coat . i like the versatile removable liner .
how refreshing to have a thriller based on an actual story . even knowing the outcome it was tension filled and gripping .
this is a great little carpet sweeper easy to use and great for picking up dirt and crumbs from carpet
this case is awsome
gives me that feeling of israel at home , and tastes great . i love the little spiciness it adds to every meal
haven't collected figures before but this one is impressive . molding appears good and packaging seems to be suitable for survival .
i enjoyed reading these stories . i liked all the characters ms mcqueen has woven into each story their lives
from all accounts , this toy was fun , safe , and popular . for the price , i can't ask for more than that !
i bought of them and they are as good as the previous reviewer stated . excellent investment !
well padded , easily fitted and tight , it is tough to write more words about an ironing board cover etc . ,
terrific book
i got this game for me and my sister and it works great . i highly recommend this game . stars
high quality worth recommend . i like this cover so much !
super convenient for carry on to plane and extremely comfortable . holds up well to abuse ! i highly recommend this pillow .
i had to shazam this while i was in the movie theatre . really beautiful .
they are great my favorite
i loved fit great my foots are bleesing
great book , i have enjoyed reading and learning about different health techniques and ideas . i would highly recommend this book !
i love carrying this around with me . makes me feel like a true knight carrying their symbolic medallion . great buy !
great . wonderful to do business with . this is a great size will probably need another one in the near future
this is a fine coffeemaker . it arrived perfectly . the price was right too . excellent service provided promptly and very well .
this screen protector fits well and works well alsowold recommend for people that have nosy people around them .
very useful and worked great ! sprayed with pam baking spray and the cakes came out very easily with no mess .
recieved cable and found it to be very well made . everything hooked up through it worked great . nottoo stiff at all .
very good
i got this as a gift for my husband and he loved it . easily his favorite mma book .
cute book , lots of fun to read a few stories and walk away for a bit . great pick me up .
excellent book . can't wait for number in the series . characters are well developed , dragons are interesting . highly recommend .
birthday gift he loved it and enjoys playing with his godzilla toys and had a good birthday go godzilla go
this is an awesome game because i can actually accomplish a battle and i can upgrade things without buying anything
would recommend this book , very interesting , lots of plots going on , bought it for my kindle , love to buy books
it was what we expected , but not what i would use so hard to rate other than what we expected
decent short story . would definitely read authors other works . story was gripping , might be better as st person . good story overall .
thick lensesgreat producthonestly one of the nicest glasses ive worngreat structurei would definitely order another pair .
my baby at . lb in month old , it helps to fit in car seat to protect the neck back .
i wear these pants but wonder about their long term wearabilaty . will the fabric last well .
one of the best love stories i've read and i'm not into love stories . very passionate and an amazing ending !
loved all the games and controller adds value when playing multi player games . a great value for any gow fan out .
just what i expected , very happy . will continue to shop at this store . go pack go ! go pack go ! love
it works and it's white . not sure what else to say . it's a can opener and so it opens cans
great . wasn't . expecting to hit anything . a bit gruesome killing the deer , but was better no closeup of the ducks .
good working jeans good to work outside in cold they keep you warm i am goin to buy another one
it fits the flash and diffuses the flash . what more could it do ? it has some uses .
this tent is of outstanding quality . i would recommend kodiak canvas tents to anyone looking for a high quality tent .
rd book of hers that i read . starting to sound alike , but fun fast reading . i recommend for fun readying
cute set , love it
this is a great illustrated children's bible . my only complaint is that the font is extremely tiny .
i love the garland . it is exactly what i wanted . looks great for christmas around windows and on my mantel .
we love this dvd , we watched it again last night . if you like ray stevens , it is a good purchase .
fantastic story . love the whole thing , i know this will help when trying to explain death to my son eventually
be prepared to try and read this book in one session . i hated to put the book down . try it !
funny and cute . this movie rocks . it was really nice and colorful . i would definitely recommend watching this . great movie
three different women and their stories are interwoven with each other and a lesson on good stewardship of mother earth .
great game this game offers a lot of fun for either kids , or even teens , like myself five stars yeah
i don't know what to really say . the product was shipped quickly and arrived as described . a
nice read with some surprising twists at the end .
when combined with hooters sauce best wing recipe . even makes good left overs . do as recipe suggests for best results
keeps my dog entertained for hours . i love it
works great for hollering to my jeep buddies on my cb radio when we are roaming through the hills .
ordered for my husband . he likes the hat . nothing bad to say at all about my experience with the product .
i want to get it in every color now ! it fits perfect and can be dressed up or down ! love !
great court shoe at a really good price ! roomy toe box to prevent tennis toe ! very comfortable and wear well .
heart felt song . i think back on lose love ones that have gone to be with the lord . wonderful song .
this is a very good game that always keeps you thinking . the creatures are very detailed and graphics are awesome .
one of the greatest shows on tv ! raylan and boyd's love hate relationship makes for excellent drama and sometimes humor .
i think this game is one of the best . you get to be in the world of the tv show
my daughter loves it and the screen protector was a great bonus good case nice fit would buy again nice
it worked perfectly i have nothing more to say about the movie besides it worked very well and nothing else !
it is very useful for all in my house it's very practice and it's necessary for hearth great and good
really fun game , some of the levels are a bit tricky but still a really , really good gamebrad ebbed herb
just what i was expecting . looks great on the wall in my son's room . color and finish is quite uniform .
i love it ! they pay attention to the reviews and they have the best customer service . for sure using them again !
i liked the characters , fights and overall the plot . i'm just left wondering , what's next in the series ? can't wait !
perfect for all my necklaces , earrings , bracelets . keeps everything from getting entangled and it looks chic . i've received many compliments .
works like a charm !
it was in instant hit with my granddaughter she seems to like purses and all the stuff on the inside
exceeded my expectations as a well made and attractively embossed set of floor mats looks just like the original
i would recommend this product to friends and family ! great for snow flake sugar cookies and home made marshmallows ! love !
buy it . you'll see . it's worth every penny . very hot , very intense and a lot of fun .
please see my review on the plato organic duck . american made and organic , as well . everything my little scottie needs .
seem fine after using these for a few weeks . no complaints yet ! will probably order more at a larger size .
extra period piece . jane austin at her best . i'm a jane fan . excellent look at the interworking of edwardian england .
i have bought it for many times and it is always the one of good quality . i trust its safety .
the most amazing , comfortable pair of shorts i have ever worn !
this book covers a good variety of plastics and composites and the pictures and illustrations are the best !
my three boys love to watch the show ! they ask for dennis the menace almost every day . we love it .
i bought this for my year old son for christmas . i opened it and it looks great and works !
this book was my first harlequin book . and i loved it ! i approvethink i'm going to start reading another one tonight !
amazing razor for the price !
it's a kindle . it's paper white . once again kindle gets it right .
very well written . any person who has health with trauma can relate . easy read but over powerful in its message .
exactly what i was looking for . the available slots are great for people with cellphones or a ds . definitely recommended .
these light duty gloves are excellent for everyday use , comfortable , flexible , and quite long lasting . i would highly recommend them .
i shoot a lot of archery and have found this bracer to work great for me good price and value
these were exactly what we expected . the have a little glitter and will look great on my sons black bike .
they even give me a free uv glove ! work great and it have twisted lock handle . the bit work smoothly
daughter broke her screen and needed to replace the old one , this was just what we needed . it works great .
love how easy to use this is !
other controllers i've ordered had jammed sticky buttons , this one does not , great product ! wish i would have found them sooner .
i purchased for husband , he like it , it stylish , it protect the phone in place very well . i would recommend it .
arrived on time and was exactly what i wanted .
fantastic film ! mads performs to his usual excellence . if you like paranormal films , this is a great one to get .
this is my fourth or fifth pair of reeboks and they keep getting better . their golf shoes are great too .
mats are as advertised and are a perfect fit . so far they have done the job . would recommend this product .
yep fits !
this record is grunge , if you like soundgarden , alice in chains , stone temple pilots you must have this cd .
yardage numbers are a little small . there seems to be more emphasis on scores . i am more concerned with yardage .
worth every penny ! love this show ! i wont miss an episode this way ! i cant wait for the next season !
no production of mozart's clarinet and oboe concertos is better !
it's a replacement water filter that fits , works and is easy to install . water taste is definitely improved by it .
a a a a a a a a a aa a a a a a aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa aaa
very good . sharpness is excellent . easy to use . long but very good . any woman is easy to use . is from japan .
this is a really good find for . i am in the military and this is def . military grade . !
note to author please continue the revelation chronicles ! it's an awesome read and you won't regret it to all customers !
good storyline you don't want to put downrealistic fantasy characters with determination and grit . looking forward to the next book .
great cable . perfect for those who want to use their ipod in their kenwood stereo . buy it when it's cheap .
this was a comforting book , especially if you love animals . it was backed up by excellent biblical research and analysis .
ok
great vintage style ozzy
pretty close to program although questions here much easier . one can earn money . points quickly . i always learn something when i play
an extraordinary , informative , resourceful and guide book for feminine . compact with loads of information and the way to eat right .
my wife had this as a text for a class she was taking . she said it was ok to read .
easy to play and pretty fun . some parts of the game does require money , but you can play for free .
i'm not a big fan of rap hip hop whatever you want to call it , but i really like this song .
can someone please tell me , if this bluray is codefree ? i must have this many thanks !
didn't expect the ring to be of such a high quality , for the price so low . i highly recommend it .
bought these for my big brother who was graduating from law school . they are beautiful ! perfect size and great quiality
works as expected
these cartridges work perfectly in my epson workforce . just odered the color cartridges from the same company . great value .
i really like the game but it completely shut down the program after playing several games . it really is entertaining .
this was almost as good as the first movie and far better than the second .
great dvd excellent songs and sound as well as picture . neil young and his band and background singers are super .
amazing show ! all actors in this season are superb , and kiefer is even more so . his acting is just captivating .
works great in my sony xperia phone . there is no need to spend any more on a pricier brand .
song download qucik . no problems . used the amazon cloud app on my phone and it works like a charm . thanks !
still a great movie with fabulous music and great dancing ! enjoy it more and more each time we view it .
not a bad little device . does what it's supposed to do . the retractable cord is an added bonus . good buy .
there is not much to say . it is a memory card and it arrived as specified and in working condition .
bought this for my brother and he loved it , its awesome , i also enjoy it , what a fantastic movie
i really enjoyed using these spacer beads in my bracelets , they set off a very nice accent to the beads .
good
i really enjoyed the different selections . i intend to order another box soon .
each can brought me about an hour's worth of warm coziness on a cold winter's night
great price on a fantastic collection of music ! i would recommend this to any lover of classical music ! love it !
it's good quality , and quite sturdy for a case ! the stylus is also a pen , which is pretty cool .
these made shopping nice and easy for more sodastream bottles because it is always better to have a couple extra
these skins are great , they're more protective than the ones made of silicone . great deal .
i love this case , it is stylish and a attention grabber . they need to use better glue , stones keep falling out !
love it everyone should watch this show it is the best like seriously if you like sci fi you must watch
this is a good reference book with pictures and prices .
gift , person was most pleased
good product , exactly as described , fast shipment .
these song are catchy and the beats are sick ! rihannas music gets better and better everytime . buy it
this is an excellent base for your foundation . love my skin much better now .
these bitches are bad . look like i'm in tron or something . i would recommend if you like wearing grays , yaheard
would recommend too anyone looking for longer shower hose . very flexible and lays flat when shower head is in bracket .
my unit kept getting disconnected . maybe it is just my setup wifi and all near by but i returned it .
classics for a fair price should include stories pack to i wouldnt mind paying another bucks to have them
works great and is just the right size ! i use it for smoothies in the summer and it's perfect . thanks
great character development and unexpected twist .
son in law is a huge raiders fan . he was delighted having this shirt , and it arrived as expected regarding time indicated .
love my new piece of golf luggage . the wheels make it real easy for this tired old man to transport .
has a fresh herbal fragrance , cleans without stripping natural oils . doesn't produce a lot of suds but still cleans well .
finished all five dvds in one weekend ! thank you , amazon . com , for getting my advance order to me in record time !
it is a spiritual book , if you know the benefits of the book then it is yours to explore .
ok nice i like it nice will buy if i have too
crayola is a name you can always count on . the grand children loved them and they really are washablethanks crasyola .
recieved this product promptly and in great shape
really really really love this podcast . helps me pass the time at work . joe rogan is a very smart man .
oh my gosh if this didn't knock you off your chair nothing would . this was new , outrageous , insightful and hilarious !
this came without marks . a good product design read .
i have only watched the first few shows , but so far it seems entertaining . we will see if that continues .
as expected for our year old boy . needed some help to build it from older brothers and father . x
if you like japanese mayo , this is an excellent order . especially if you like having a lot of japanese mayo .
easy and clear . incredible work . easy to learn . it's fantastic . hung learning . simple paths . i want to be english . ok .
excellent quality and price . i'm a happy customer .
terrifying story told by the man who was there . i am so grateful for veterans who have written their stories .
worth every penny just for the case studies
good read
highly recommended ! item is of high quality and worth every penny . also shipped quickly and packaged with care .
steven colbert is brilliant ! this should be a manditory text book in every high school history classroom ! a must read !
got it for less than msrp and saved on taxes . camera takes excellent pics . the image stabilization really helps .
loved this book ! some parts made me cry . other scared me a little . a lot were exciting . great book !
quick pace and fun . a good way to busy the mind and pass some time . i would recommend to friends .
nice movie with good graphics . a good watch on a lazy sunday . noty an ocar mocvie though . .
it's alright , very light , simple package , a bit larger , feels good . if price could be lower , then it would be perfect .
my son and i watch these dvds all the time . great buy
love it . both my husband and i are using it since six month ago . so handy . everyone should have it .
great quality for the price and works really well even with the original old cable would highly recommend this tach
good quality , as described
this ironing board completed my dollhouse sewing room furnishings . i may find some small items to add to the room .
classic wilbur smith . on the edge of your seat from start to finish . great charachters . can't wait for the sequel .
excellent product works well
very adorable and well made ! love these necklaces ! great gifts for that special young lady in your life ! awesome buy !
its very good for the price , very satisfiied i both so far i tested one liked it .
this mug keeps the liquid hot for several hours . the spring loaded spout has saved me from spills several times .
erotica at its best . a quick read . i loved the characters and the sex scenes were very hot . paranormal romance .
these earrings add a timeless , yet trendy look to any mans outfit . very versatile and tasteful . my hubby loved them !
awesome play on my kindle fire , a must have . the play is fast to load and so far no glitches
i bought two of these adorable green sea turtle critters . well made ! thanks . made a great christmas present . highly recommended
it was sent on time . the product was not damaged and it was good looking . thanks for this easily shopping .
this book confirmed my suspicions . it is a worthwhile , informative addition to one's library . i highly recommend everyone buying one .
great , lasting case . very much worth the price set . had it for over months and comes with screen protector
on time and in good shape . cheaper than you could purchase anywhere else .
i don't know how or why but this works . eliminates cellulite and make skin smoother . temporary fix but it works !
very convenient , although a little heavy . easy to store and transport . this should make work a little easier . good product .
it's a huge book ! very heavy . but it is for math so what can you expect , right ? good book however .
each figure is cool and small so they don't take up much space and is overall just cool to have
this movie was good but not what i was expecting . i was expecting more action . it was worth the money .
light weight and durable . great buy ! perfect for family camping . easy to clean . we really like that it is reversible . recommend .
very nice laptop , the only thing that i dislike is the big size and heavy weight , not easy to transport
works great .
cute item bought with a cool flamed bike with sidecar for baby . my girls think its adorablegonna buy giraffe too
made it so much easier to get through the class . i would recommend using this book . it was very informative .
very original , elegant and good looking watch from anne klein ! it looks perfectly with everything and i like it a lot
i think this i a good product , because my body has changed by using it for a couple of weeks .
way nicer than you would expect . there are just small enough to be classy and a little elegant . very impressed
this cover fits perfect and my wife loves it on her phone . low price and high quality on this samsung cover .
makes it easy to shape your hair . give it lift or make it fuller . it's easy to do with this spray .
for a direction challenged , newcomer to atlanta , ga the garmin c gets me where i need to be .
my daughter received this for her th birthday and loves it ! she uses it to organize her accessories !
this textbook arrived quickly in perfect condition and at a great deal . i would definitely recommend to a friend . thanks
have played this on my laptop and phone . so of course downloaded it to my tablet . love it ! highly recommend !
i wanted to go mobile so added this app to tablet . app works just fine . yes i would recommend this app
good fit
it fit perfectly in our daughters new toddler bed . very nice comfy . she likes it !
very nice and stylish . might go size down .
i just love my new parker pen , it writes very good and is very thin ! i would purchase another .
great series can't wait for the next book ! always filled with fantastic twists and great visuals love this book yes
good deal for the price , exactly as described . good starter set . skins sound hollow , otherwise good . arrived promptly , good packaging
concise , accurate business headlines with enough info to inform you of changes in the business world . appreciate it being free .
i should have bought one a long time ago great , i can travel without carrying a bag of books .
good stuff . great to hear good music out there . she knows what she is doing . can't wait for the new album
this , and their first album , full sail , are two of the best bg albums that i've heard over years .
this product is so good ! i use this one time and now i'm so happy with my hair ! strongly recommend !
easy to use , charges my phone and works well at a great price . such a good deal i bought two .
this book is fantasic . and goes into detail . all i can say is buy this book you will not be sorry .
love it ! don't get to watch it on tv and am sure enjoying it now . what a way to go !
i like the way merrell fit my feet , comfortable with room for my foot to spread , light weight but durable .
it looked better than on the computer ! my son loves itarrived sooner than they said it would . no issues
my daughter really likes this series . she watches this disk over and over . she just can't get enough of it !
my daughter crawls comfortably in them , her movement is not being hindered at all . plus point cute looking too !
rock with soul and power great lyrics great music true tunes for a new generation . highly recommend this one ! great !
this is a great game . various level to suit player's capability . the games are challenging and well worth the money .
well , what can i say about this toothbrush . i bought this as a stocking stuffer for my son for christmas .
great blanket . great size and weight , . we got this for our son for christmas and he loves it ! great gift !
an easy game to download and play when you have lots of time on your hands can play it anywhere .
these are great products . the picture is clear and concise . it comes on very quickly . makes everything true to life .
i love iti only wish if the letters bigger sizebut its oki still like it and its funny too
it is a qualitative and smooth , easy to use and very beautiful .
everthing you need and then some . i found this to be a really great buy . the hd cord was a bonus .
well made . best pouch i ever owned for my q phone and i have gone through a few .
this item was shipped very quickly and was in excellent condition . i highly recommend this seller !
my granddaughter just loves her . hasn't put her down since she got her . now her sister is begging for one .
great looking and ready to excite
my daughter , currently in nd grade , loves this book ! she likes that they are courageous girls and they save people .
love !
i read some of the review , i was debating to buy the phones . good price i brought the phones .
it's funny and goodi like the character and were its added on i think it's hope you like it
i purchased this for my son who is a bleach fan ! he was thrilled with it .
this movie has it all . action , adventure , and romance . one of my all time favorite movies . it's a must watch !
this band is pretty awesome , do yourself a favor and buy this album . and play it really loud in your car .
i love this style . but did not use a this pattern yet . still looking for nice quality material with a beautiful color .
these are nice pencils with good color . much better than the cheap no name brands . would definitely buy these again .
but was a little large .
pretty good .
outstanding , just as spell binding as the first
my bf loved it !
beautiful well done , many responses of pretty and where did you get so i tell them on line . thank you
i love the combs with the honey , and this was really great . will purchase again . thank you . a happy customer .
love cent . love the album hope he comes out with more music . music is never boring . excellent excellent excellent !
i love the way it looks ! . buying the green one next cant wait tohave it . great material and very sexy on . thank you !
on time , as described . i would use again . very helpful for my class i was taking at the time . ty
works really well . the exercise is very smooth and you can keep tension on the working muscle all the time .
definitely serves its purposehelps postureeasy to adjust and put on back of my chair at workvery happy
i'm pleased with the solid , high quality construction . it is easily better then some of alternatives i've seen .
this was a suprise for passing kindergarten after a very trying yr . i loved the price she loved the game
one of the best season finales ever . can't wait for the next season to start !
my daughter likes the lego friends theme of this nightgown , and she also likes the bright colors of this nightgown .
this battery is a life saver . it worked wonderful in my phone and it charge's great and keep's the charge !
compelling story about u . s . servicemen and our allies during wwii . shows what cooperation between countries and between individuals can accomplish .
glad i got this . was going to buy new razor . got this and saved my trusty braun .
these have the hulk on them and they are easy to get on and off for my son and us
well crafted novel . refreshing to get a story out of the mainstream . have bought may's next one the lewis man .
service was very fast and great noodles . i will recommend to family and friends and will definitely buy it again !
awesom clipper
love it . everything i expected . would recommend to friends . haven't had any problems . price was good as well . . .
powerful water flow from this pump and very low noise . arrived in a timely fashion before projected date of receipt .
i am extremely happy with the diamond clean replacement brush heads and would recommend them hands down to any one .
my only complaint is that the closure is hard to open and shut , i wish it had extra pins included .
this brings back great memories . my first car was vw . life was good back in the sixties . try it yourself .
good show i like jim and spock they make the movie seem better without them wouldn't be a good show .
i had a problem with my laptop reading s d cards . this solved the problem . and was a life saver .
part of a fun romp through the zombie apocalypse with a husband and wife team of zombie hunters . enjoyable !
great cd to have if you are a katy perry fan . lots of upbeat songs that you can workout to .
great
most durable and kink free wiresextremely comfortable fitsuperior sound qualitymost convenient control panelexceptionally well designedsimply the best !
this song is from the heart , this is a real song that is not a copy of someone else's . amazing !
fun book to read with my kids !
good workout headphones , comfortable when your head is in a lot of positions . take sweat well .
amanda hocking has this way of writing books about things that other people aren't writing much about . love this series .
good small stories
does the job well . good product . good design . i have nothing to complain about it was pretty cheap too !
fun trying to make new types of monsters , sucks waiting for things to get done hatching and building and breeding
if your looking to learn without a bunch of weirdos the solitary way seems to be the best . good one .
has tons of great recipes and goes by age . wonderful book , going to recommend to my friends that are moms !
instructions are not clear .
this skin was perfect , i have just put it on and it seems like it will last a long time .
great , everyone who sees it wants to know how they can get one like it for their phone . very convenient .
great for the price . gets the job done . i would recommend this to people and stuff . i love ally anne .
great product .
as always , mas's books are some of the best from on of the best sources on self defense and protection .
beautiful music in a small package . wish it were longer but it is great deal for the price .
the only thing they could improve is by adding texture for safer gripand seven more words required to post ? why ?
great still going strong
this hamper is just the right size and is very durable . the lid is attached which is perfect for me .
very good i have watched it several times . it is a must see .
good price am using it already i can decorate the cover if i want and is sturdy , will purchase more
me and my kids love to play all the time . i recommend this to anyone , it's not hard to play
aww . i loved everything ! they're super cute ! i am definitely satisfied with my order !
blanket was sent to grandson in afghanistan . he really appreciates it as it is cold there . he loves the blanket .
great smooth sounds from ms ! love it , cant wait till their next album is out . keep up the great sounds
fits my face perfect . very stylish and simple . i would have paid more at lenscrafters , pearlvision etc i would recommend it
as always james huston does a wonderful job of storytelling ! love to read his books . excitement , intrigue and suspense excellent read .
i'm not sure you want me to review the book or the service , but both were great
i am very satisfied
this was a riot . i laughed till i couldn't breathe . if you read twilight this is a highly recommended read .
my daughter feels secure in this especially with the bratek . great fit and comfort will be ordering another one !
baby's daddy is a paramedic , and mommy will be so pleased ! grandpa was a fire chief . the quality is excellent .
great product for my hand biting son , both for protection and for sensory input ! even the teacher at school liked .
wish was more than a mini series ! they way i understand it , the show will only be playing season . bummer !
exactly what i was looking for , excellent quality , cost was much less than at men's stores . will definitely buy more !
great door decoration . crisp , colorful image . quality material . durable . i wish i had a variety for every season and holiday .
great series !
just sprinkle it around and the snails disappear . have to reapply about twice during the season .
my son loves this toy . he actually spends time and play with it . the price is decent , music ok , nice colors .
purchasing and shipping worked just as it should . quality of used book as advertised .
used it for my son's minecraft b day party . got the same one for both my boys too . they looked great !
the mobility and moveable screen makes this dvd player the best player for active kids . i would highly recommend this product .
written perfect and remains so as a parallel to the devine office of readings to kick start your catholic day .
ford recommends this product for their paint finish ! i have a late model fords and the finish was excellent !
well deserves to be mentioned and placed alongside such films like sunshine , apollo , and even space odyssey .
they worked great . i used them to connect ps controller to samsung tab . they also worked fine with emulators .
the case is really cute but it didn't fit right . it was still usable but it was a little loose .
this was a well written book with some great twists and turns . not at all predictable . all around a good read !
love it .
another great film in the series of films released about the adventures of ash and his friends .
very helpful for the new mother .
a good read . wonderful characters that were easy to relate too . excellent history of the medical profession , without getting preachy .
this book really reminds me of the tv series , charmed . if you like the tv show , you'll love this book .
perfect size for samples of granola , a bite of cookie or cake . quick delivery , well packaged
enjoyed it . ready to read the next episode .
this item works well . with settings it runs a long time . it is a little difficult to get apart .
it looks awesome on my xbox i love it the console looks very cool . it my its amazing cool
excellent boots for working on the yard in any kind of conditions muddy , in rain , snow , etc .
best screen protector i have ever bought . goes on easy , and hard to tell it's here .
this book is a page turner . love it . ok bye on to the next one . please buy this book gr
it is a great wallet ! it served all my needs . the wallet also protected my i phone , and credit cards .
a great product and value !
there is a wide variety . and with kids , you know they are lost all the time . great value and price ! '
needed it for welding class , worked great , and am still using it , even today . thank you very much ! a a
ok
i have pairs of these ellen flats great colors . so comfortable and smart looking . thank you , vince camuto !
perfect if on your feet for hours and standing . would buy these again . don't wear out fast and are sturdy .
an excellent second in the series . it was an action packed quick read . i enjoyed the story a lot .
i love the traditional designs and can take some of these to work with my spin on them great show
really explained the differences between gaited and non gaited horses . great exercises .
classy card holder . whenever anyone see's it they always ask me where i got it's beautiful .
nice cuting
great game and great exercise
great read ! couldn't put this book down . can't wait to read book . i will share this book with others !
it was a gift and the response was great .
a useful book . written in an easy to understand language . also teaches sem using lisrel . good exercises after each chapter .
these are even cuter in person they are actually made very nicely ! i recommend !
very beautiful ! visually stunning ! could be a little brighter , though . it would benefit from a dimmer switch .
does the job but a little too job specific . blade comes off while doing the work .
is ok for the price not exceptional but fine diamond line is thin made for occasional use not contractor grade
have had this mityvac before , it works perfect for all fluid extractions on large and small equipment . yes , yes , yes
pretty good gore movie . not any nudity as i can recall nudity stars . still watch it for kill ratio !
ivy and bean are the most funniest characters ever . if you read their books i bet you will love it .
that was quite good had a bit of a laugh . might have to reed the others lol lol lol lol
exactly as described . holds everything and anything . great product , worth the money . looks stylish and modern . fits my laptop perfectly .
well organized . well done . must read for all american students atsome point in their education . try this .
yes the critiques are absolutely right it's too salty , too oily , too lemony , and too coconuty , and i love it !
perfect replacement for the one controller we had . kids and mom , love to play just like in the old days .
it cuts through logs as if they are butter , oregon's full chisel chainsaw chains are the best and come pre lubercated .
this was a great book . i couldn't put it down and when it was over , i was sad . i recommend !
sellers has the ability to transport the reader into the scene . the subject matter is relevant and attention grabbing . excellent
i needed these for my target practice with black targets to make the hits and misses . does the job well
i love the album , beautiful cover from outside to inside . it's worth in your collection .
the boot worked for what i needed for a cheap price . a little slick on the wood floor at night .
i really like the game , i just have trouble running out of time before i can find the hidden objects .
penetrating ! brilliant ! hilarious ! unique ! unquotable because every sentence is quotable . not for dummies or humorless rightwing idealogues .
it will be a shame when the year is over , haven't decided which month i enjoy most yet !
great service and the book was like new even though it wasn't labeled that way .
really amazing and a great read ! i am just in awe . can't wait to read part three of the book . excited
they are cute . it is nice to have a few of them . fair price excellent gifts . try a few .
this book is a fun look back over the history of vol greats ! we loved the pictures .
i love this conditioner . it works well with my dry hair . it makes my hair soft . it is great for my curly hair
great to watch the digital version of movies on . app works smooth and haven't had a problem .
fun and sometimes hard to solve each level . can become addictive . good game to beat you last time when playing .
absolutely entertaining and a definite funny bone tickler ! worth every penny and over the top humor not to be missed !
hot sexy loved all of the stories it always gives u a different read everytime
adorable a perfect addition to the annual collectible winter sets . well priced and year old daughter was thrilled with it .
easy to use and very versatile .
this cover fit perfectly on my slice toaster . it is well made and the color is what was advertised .
this is a very well made item . it should protect my phone very well . i would recommend this to everyone
great pruchase , my kids grades jumped after obtaining our own copy of the book . book is in great condition .
it was the game that came with the system , so i already knew it was a good game .
a good product , at a good price , delivered quickly . what more can a guy ask ?
i love these shoes . this is my second pair . i wore the last pair out . i highly recommend this shoe .
exact fit no trouble with installation and the light bulb is included . only required minor adjustment to set the lights .
cute seriesl
excellent choices in this variety pack and very good value for k cups ! brooklyn beans has an excellent choice of coffees !
just enjoy it for a film about apocalyptic madness . people here are making their reviews crazy long and including spoilers .
i received both lego items at same day which is on th may , and those are in good condition
cheap and does what it is expected to do . the phone is a perfect fit and is easily accessible .
. so good you wish it were longer . pure warren ellis . gentile and gory . twisted and funny . worth the buck
the luna encasement and mattress pads work so well that we bought the pillow covers to protect our new pillows .
had waited many years to get a wedding ring and this one did not disappoint . well worth the wait . beautiful
i find its hardly worth trying to save with off brand , though these are so expensive . will keep buying these .
these are very hard to find where i live so i was so happy to find them through this company .
i'm very happy with the lasko ceramic heater . i think it's probably the best value in small heaters .
beautiful canopy enhancesthe beauty ofmy daughters crib . item arrived ahead of time very impressive compared to the expected arrival date .
good for expected which clean skin very clear and not dry for skin , it is good choice for four seasons
no fancy frills , but it does what i need . for a free app it tracks what type and its cause .
an awesome airgun that packs a big punch . great for target shooting . would recommend to anyone looking for a airgun .
clear sound happy to use this one . if i need something , i will search for this brand name product first .
this dvd has been watched several times already . we have several wwe dvds and this one he goes to frequently .
this is a great cd and the first work is too wonderful to put in words . a great buy !
everyone is turned on by different scents . that's why so many perfumes colognes . believe me , this works ! i love this product .
exactly as promised
great always different very engaging wonderful words always something new on every page its addictive keeps me going for hours
easier to buy than to use . dogs don't realize your trying to help them
both the style of the book and the story were very great . i loved it . i would recommend this book .
an excellent pictorial review of the works and life of louis tiffany . lots of details about his works .
. good movie . will watch again . my kids and family all enjoyed the movie . it was funny , overall good movie
i bought this luggage for my granddaughter . it has been to disney world china it still looks brand new .
love these shirts . soooo soft true to size . washes well lasts forever .
this ongoing saga is as calming and enticing as an excellent cup of tea . snuggle up with it and enjoy !
love the fact that we can listen to different stations across the country in different formats or programming . highly recommended !
it great and steamy ! couldn't put it down ! i just love love love love love love love love it !
i already had a larger size similar to this pillow so they go great together . it is pretty and durable .
this package has some beautiful colors in it . they will make a beautiful pillow or whatever i decide to make .
this variety pack of pocket pages is great to use in my pl binder and gives me several layout options .
satisfied customer
loved it can wait to read the next book in the series way to go melanie shawn another winning book
it's a magpul product what more can be said , everything that magpul make is a very well made product . thanx
after losing my lens cap this fit perfectly . should get an extra as i have a tendency to lose them .
very cute . even the sound track reminds me of the movie plus i get to try to beat vector !
it does the job . brand new factory sealed . no problems . quick delivery . i will probably give these as gifts for xmas . big thanks
thes tree flasks are one of the best things i have goten in a wile they make mesuring much easyer
nice quality . love the finish . stars because there isn't much space difference between the tiered bars .
awesome .
good product for fair price . i would recommend to anyone who needs digital optical audio cable ! thank you so much .
charger was bigger than the other one i have . i am waiting to confirm with dell the viability .
got these for my year old they are so pretty . loved it i would buy thi item again .
very useful , well presented information on arpeggios . lots of material to work with a perfect launching pad for further study . highly recommended .
great product for the price cool !
details are excellent . this is a very nice necklace for any occasion .
thrilling , amusing , and surprising ! this is one of my favorite my sister the vampire books ! by far the most surprising !
i love the front light . no more carrying around a little book lite that kept turning on in my purse .
very comfortable , i took it for walking since i am travelling soon , i think it will be great
i purchased this book for a graduate course in career development a definite must read .
my yr old twins love it ! . very intuitive , i only had to teach them once how to use it .
it's kind of a cheap flimsy case , but it does the job . looks great on your phone . i love it .
i love it infact i am going to order another one for my spare key . good quality for the money .
it fit the phone just like it was supposed to , i am very pleased with the purchase . thank you . yep
works very well as i have had mine for over a year never have i had a problem with it .
finding this watch and being able to buy it at a reasonable price truly takes me back to my youth .
have an older xbox and had difficulty finding the correct adapter . this arrived promptly in great shape and worked perfectly .
this book is great for psychiatric nurses to read however , the chapters are too length and not to the point .
great design but mine was longer version . it stuck out too far as it is a rigid wire .
i love this case , the colors are pretty . the case is hard and protects well even after dropping my phone .
excellent price . speed is excellent with a . usb port . also , this driveis backward compatible with a . usb port .
this app is very informative and fun to read . i enjoy seeing the pictures and keeping up with baby's development .
the perfect tool for someone who has trouble bending over to pick up an item . it's like another pair of hands .
i really love this . i bought two because i would need to hang all my earrings and necklaces . great item .
it was good for the price might be better of playing tape ball rather than leather ball with this bat
beautiful , relaxing music from mushishi . this ost did not disappoint me .
really enjoy playing . don't know how to set to have other players win games also . the solo player always wins
i love these slippers , they are classy and casual at the same time . great for the price !
fit is a little off , and a bit small , but works just fine . especially with a helmet and chin strap .
these cleats fit great out of the box very comfortable and offers a lot stability . thanks so much mizuno !
this sheep set was perfect for the massage table i ordered , it fit perfectly and the material is really nice
i have read all this series . laura childs writes a good mystery and i love the scrapbooking hints and recipes .
this is an amazing item . we totally love it . great inspirational stories .
i recommend this book to people who like love stories and castles ice magic , and queens and kings . d
love it ! wish the bodice were bigger my grand daughtenrs wedding on the th , no one had a dress like it !
this item covers three of the items for a edc keychain . just add some type of fire device . great purchase .
bougt this gun love it shoots nice verry good price . wood stock looks good and the scope is ok groups nice .
so much interesting information . answers questions , and brings to light things i never thought of . lovely pictures and clear explanations .
have used this product for weeks and it works great . my dog loves her food when i put this on
works very well ! i would buy a bigger one if they made them ! it is a great addition to my wifes project !
now i do not need to reach to turn lights on .
can't beat this deal on the best tea ! we like all the flavors at our household !
great price for a very sturdy tv wall mount . we are confident that our television is installed securely . thank you .
product is as was disci like ityou getting that you have paid for . . . . .
this is one of my favorite movies of all time . sticks close to the book .
it is really helpful in learning to decorate cakes . it came in very good condiction . i would certainly buy again .
i loved this can't wait to read the next one . this book had me laughing and crying . hope you love it too
i love the product . i tried it in the driving range this afternoon . it is worth the long wait . thank you . eduardo
good filter , foam stage element factory thought it was good enough , so it's good enough for me it's yellow .
the most accurate , concise and easily understood book on bio identical hormones i have found . i recommend it to patients often .
great music ! very happy with the purchase . i'd absolutely recommend this for any others who like celtic music as well .
great game ! i really enjoy it . hopefully i will get better at it and beat the computer . having fun trying !
youll need more gun patches after two or three cleanings but still a great deal and good kit
very edifying to my knowledge and uplifting to my growth in christ jesus so i will grow spiritually with god .
am could not put it down . kate keeps getting better with every book . action packed and hot on every page .
this mug is huge ! it is very sturdy , heavy and more than i even expected . this was a great buy !
this is one of the original 's songs that any good music lovers' collection should not be without .
i don't usually read historical romance but this one was fun . the story kept a quick pace and was entertaining .
she has a iphone . but this does everything she wants . and more ! great gift . she loves the display . thank you .
the phone meets all the features provided by the seller , works perfectly , has good camera is small and weighs just
an intriguing saga of ethnic couples who transform their lives with hope , hard work , love , and abiding friendship .
these were just exactly what i was looking for . they made my homemade gifts look extra special even professional looking .
i love this song it is great especially for someone who needs some encouragement or is having a bad day
always keeps my hair styled without looking artificial or stiff . gentle fragrance . works especially well in humid and windy conditions .
used these to charge four batteries in parallel setup , works great and a well made product , will buy again . thanks
what a great product , washed them right away and had them on for the evening and what an amazing comfort .
great read ! spellbinding makes me wanf to get my faith tradition on full gear and a renewed vigor at once !
not as thick as i thought but work great . . . . . . . . . . .
hey let's be real here . everything is controlled by remote except the head turner . really , people ?
love it love it love it
chose this to provide on stage audio power to iems whenever wireless isn't available for any reason . small works great !
i have always been a fan of reacher books . as with all the previous books this one does not disappoint .
i love this book though i would love to find out about andrei's lovelife and what happens to him .
this is a real snowboard ski jacket . i am very impressed . good quality , warm , and has snow blocking inner linning . nice !
these work great for keeping toys close to your little one and off the ground in public places . love them !
will do great for all my charging needs ! will recommend to anybody looking for a great , not to expensive charger .
magical !
i found this book very practical and is obviously written from hands on experience in a language undersood by mariners .
these toys are easy to manipulate , and they are a current favorite in our household . we own of them .
well written , lovely setting , interesting story inside the life of a diplomat's wife . and the story that unfolds and unfolds .
i love it . did take a long time but it is perfect . thank you
these pure bcaa's are perfect when on a carb restricted diet . these are hands down the best ive had . highly recommended
always fun to read . one of her easier one's to see what's coming . not as good as a hercule novel .
this book is a great collection of ghost stories all over cincinnati with first hand accounts . i really enjoyed it .
my little daughter loves this monster pouch . she takes it to school every day and she is really happy !
this book lives up to crouch's imaginative and suspenseful writing style . as usual , plot and twists are excellent and unexpected .
there is nothing better for a vehicle emergency set . i have purchased more than one and would always recommend these always .
i bought it for my sister at christmas and he was very , very , very , very , very happy to receive it .
good condition . not much to say , it covers the ipad and protects it from the elements . it meets our expectations .
i started reading this book and couldn't put it down . i can't wait for the last bok to come out .
i love this version ! i truly believe that this is elvis and that he is alive . long live the king !
this is a great meat thermometer . it's very slender so it doesn't puncture the meat too much . definately would recommend !
i simply love this hatthe color and the size are the same as on amazoni recommend itthank you
easy to carry and great for traveling in asian countries that never have toilet paper in bathrooms .
i love a cup of decaf coffee at night and this is the best ! the flavor and aroma are wonderful !
kept having a tire go flat on my cart with these tubes that doesn't happen . no more flat tires everagain
thoroughly readable and absorbing . the men and the missions of these honourable south seas pirates revealed in colour and texture .
it really put together my amy winehouse costume , wouldn't have been the same at all without it . great buy .
poop
maybe a tad bit too big . i love these pants will def get more colors ! i hve the grey pair
fits perfectly , and is very soft inside . superconfortable ! extremely recomended for walking or work , really nice . i'm very pleased . thanks
brand new , still in package . great xmas present for the wife . can not wait til we get to play it
this product is a huge improvement when compared to the multi colored wires . red , blue , white , black . fast shipping at give away price !
love it
the only thing i dont like is how far the clip sticks out from the phone seems more than necessary .
it arrived promptly and for a used book it exceeded my expectations . so glad i discovered it when i did .
some reviews not so great , but i love it ! sturdy , good fit , and perfect for me .
large . bright , easy to carry . wasn't sure what to expect . giving it as a christmas gift this year . nice purchase
it's a lego , it's a ferrari , my grandson will love it .
it was the item that i needed and as described it was the official jersey
this is the epitome of a cheesy 's movie . brings back great memories of those days . love it ! the end .
works very well for the application that i have for it . for the price you can't beat it . worth it
hi its perfect i m really happy the one i want it i got it thanks for all that . ,
i collect kitty kritters and this is one of my favs i have and i have about kitty kritters
very easy to read and understand , the author really breaks down the diet and includes great ideas and organization tips .
amazing book love it really inspirational and a must buy !
solid keyring with a nicely designed square compasses . makes a great gift for a lodge brother or for yourself .
the sound is clear . it has a reasonably far reach without deterioration in sound . have had no problem so far .
product meets expectation , i am very satisfied with my purchase . recommend anyone else to buy it . great price too . lol .
great album and hard to find treasure , specifically due to genuine and helpful record handler in nc . what a jewel !
these headphones are really good and the beat is good and clear it cant get any more better ! !
does what it says , the replacement the same as what was lost , not a substitute or off brand . very pleased
very good coffee but it is not a free sample . also it is not readily available outside of the offer .
the case it's self works good , but must take care of it as much as possible . good product to buy .
perfect
very stylish and good for projection from getting old and scratch , like that they have different colors for your favorite
i could do this app evsthat says it alli luuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuv ityou should get if you luv the app press helpful
such a cute little doll , smells just like baby powder . before buying keep in mind she is just inches .
very engrossing book , can't wait for a sequel . this is one author i will continue to watch out for . highly recommended read .
the best book !
considerable improved the performance of my asus eee he . as always crucial stuff is reliable as a stone .
i was glad to know what happened to danny torrance . as always , mr king took me for an exciting adventure .
killed the aiptasia's within minutes , just load up the syringe and cover the aiptasia and you'll never seen it again .
i would like to thank everyone for the advice in getting a size smaller . shirt is comfortable and light weight
a good take on the martix sound track if your not into rock and roll , upbeat , but classical cool way .
now we don't have to take turns charging our device we can all get a charge at the same time
exactly as described . how much more can i say about a light switch to satisfy the minimum number of words ?
we've tried other brands of silk boxers , but these hold up the best , wash after wash . my husband loves them !
they were extremely easy to use . my three year old had no problems transforming them back and forth himself . easy !
my little sister loved this book and currently uses it to perform monologues in her drama class . great book overall .
well , she has done a very dynamic cd , very colourful , musically speaking . she's got a great voice , i like it !
good western movie .
this cd is very enjoyable and listen to it all the time . it is very calming .
great way to add color to walls without painting i will be using decals from here on out . do recommend .
only complain is that when you do a payment it takes them a while to withdraw and post on account .
sent this pb to my son in iraq . he enjoyed it . an easy , but interesting read .
this book is full of wonderful patterns for baby , mom and family . very easy to understand .
got my sons case much quicker then expected . thanks for great fast service . please anyonelooking for cases u them
awesome ! great wonderful insightful probing me i am love forgiveness love forgive love live love live love love love love
received shipment just days after i placed my order , wow ! game was in perfect condition and are enjoying it ! thanks
my wife loves the quality and sound of her new radio . would purchase another one for the other bathroom . thanks
taste like the real thing with half the caffeine . convenient and best tasting instant coffee to take along when traveling .
bought for my great grandchild , now mos . and grown out of these . but . they washed beautifully and look like new
good harddrive at a good price . works like it should and would buy again if it were on sale . a
i really love it i joined i tunes and have really enjoyed the songs ! will use it all the time !
worked great on my camera on our resent vacation , great back up and long lasting time great investment for vacations .
been watching for yrs its as good as ever , actually the start of this season seems even better than others
great looking gear shift knob , couldn't beat the price either . it dresses up the interior with a touch of class .
perfect for mazda a f sensor . this option is a lot cheaper than oem , and works just the same . thanks
this one will be right after the jagger book im loaded up on the kindle and now hardback books to read !
love the shirt . nice quality cotton . washes nicely . good quality printing , too . have worn it several times . perfect for a true spurs fan . go spurs go !
this is a great bracelet with lots of shine . have received many compliments . good price for the product . would recommend .
a unique perspective on us foreign policy . i just couldn't put this book down .
i have been drinking this for a couple of years , just love it ! on a cold winters day ! great price
new characters are fleshed out and new plot line twists emerge to keep the series compelling . love the south americans !
harry chapin's taxi is a beautiful but sad story song about former lovers meeting again . chapin was a truly master storyteller .
practically a for replacement for wrt g no hickups no fuss no muss . i ilke this kind of upgrade .
love this series . i have a hard time putting the books down each night to go to bed . very intriguing .
the cd is in perfect condition and arrived very quickly . i'm very happy with my purchase .
the dustbuster is of good quality . i was expecting it to be a little stronger but it works pretty well .
nice and sturdy , beautiful colors . charges well even in low sun light . makes my landscape look great . worth the price !
love this product and works very well in my therapy room for small and big kids
this is a great book if you parent more naturally ! it gives great encouragement and ideas ! alao easy to read .
quality vinyl
the quality was good , the price was excellent , the size worked out also . i would recommend this pullover for any fan !
real festive music . feels like being in venice at the time . the copper is wonderful . turn this on sunday mornings !
this game is very addicting and fun ! the full version would probably be better but this version is just fine .
it's cheap and it works perfectly . its better than nothing . bought it about months ago and still works fine .
this frother is the best don't waste your money on others . it works great , is not fragile and looks good .
great book , i love the series and reread it often . great book , love it ! love itgreat book , love it ! love it
product received was just as expected . great fit and very warm . thank you !
my daughter loves it . she likes the fact that it stands up on its own . i would purchase another one .
delivered on time . working well . happy with purchase .
the color is unique but i love the fit a lot , the wide straps and the flare are beautiful ! love !
my wife loves vernor's ginger soda , and it gives me great joy to get it for her ! vernor's ginger soda !
this works great . i've used it on a new and old strop . the old one is like new now
it's colorful and the baby likes the sounds , but should play more of the common kids songs to the beat
fun but it takes a long time to download perfect to play when i have free time i love it
i haven't found anything it doesn't clean . a little goes along way . it cleans fly puck off of siding also .
i love my new rothco camo shirt . it fits perfectlytagless 'tags'comfortable materialchicks dig 'em ! makes me wanna say , i'll be back
pi oui est le meilleur livre d'hockey que j'ai jamais lu . pi oui rocks ! buy this book if you are a hockey fan .
i love lisa scottoline books . they are a fun ride with twists and turns . i highly recommend all her books .
great movie . fast shipping . thanks !
not a bad little mystery story . found it interesting to see a senior citizen in the role of crime fighter .
this programs blends smoothly into evernote and is great for getting what you see in a picture noticed . great buy !
i bought these for my sister and she said they were amazing !
very touching story . makes me want to read more . i am not a big reader this might change that . starsschwark
very quick to find the catagories you want for games of bbile trivia for any age group . kids to youth adults .
loved maigret pronounced me gray a period piece with old time style story telling
if you really want an oil dispenser which is spill proof this is the one . but it looks more like labware .
this is a well built multimeter rugged , it measures temperature also , very accurate .
my husband and i both enjoyed the movie . would recommend it to a friend . we are fans of both stars .
these beautifully crafted , provocative stories keep you both laughing and thinking . give yourself a real treat .
love gaiman's work and i thoroughly enjoyed watching the original version of neverwhere . read the book too !
this was a very successful v day gift . any true squatcher would greatly appreciate this sticker i know mine definitely did .
really like this . it is light and sturdy . good for those costco runs !
i loved it from start to finish and everything in between . buy it , watch it , love it !
when i open this box of the inner child cards , i couldn't wait to use this cards . i was so exciting .
have not had to use , thankfully . looks a little complicated to operate in a fast emergency because of safety features .
very light , good fit and packable . i'm still waiting for the rain before i can really comment .
this cd has something that i can't stop hearing it ! blackwater park sounds here like hell ! highly recommended !
bought as a christmas gift easy hook up and sounds fantactic windows system no issues pnp
it has impacted me by reminding me of what christ done for me on calvary's cross ! very grateful ! thankful ! appreciative !
this venice street map with canals will be very useful for our upcoming journey to venice ! can't wait to use it .
we gave this flavor a try , and it's definitely our new favorite ! tastes so good , and healthy . love it !
i chose the case because i am a hunter . it fits the phone perfectly and the price was even better .
this game keeps you entertaned for a loge time . i wold recemend this app for people who like to spell . get it
very comfortable and light weight for basically , year round ! fits to exact size . would recommend .
really challenging puzzles good if you are advanced we loved them are addicting
i love history and this is a great series , it should be on every bodies watch list , do not wait .
this is a super way to package kleenex so the package doesn't get mangled when you carry in your purse .
i love love love this cookbook and all from this author including plenty .
look good , fit good , sized right . both waist length fitted just right . really good value for the money
i bought it as a gift .
ed wood , hang your head in shame ! james nguyen is the new god of bad movies . see it ! now !
met what i expected ! great ! i now have . hours of use of my laptop . i recommend it . thank you !
product was all it was advertised , the order process was great and fast . very happy
clip seemed more flexible then a previous one but arrived quickly . good price for the product purchased on the internet .
kids enjoyed reading the book . good mix for working on math and reading skills . not enough snowball fights . have fun .
fantastic product , anyone can used to loose weight combining with regular exercise and regular diet . i experienced loosing some pounds !
this is good for someone to check on their battery performance . this app is quick and easy to use . thanks !
always have loved crawler and was happy when i could buy these recordings on cd .
works well . larger capacity and sets of blades makes quick work of its chores ! i use it almost daily .
first time i ever heard of the author but will be sure to look out for the other good books .
this a wonderful family movie that shows life in the west back in the old days .
awesome beats , good tunes , just fun music . a bit derogatory towards women , but that seems to be music this decade .
all my grandchildren like this one and so doesn't my papillon
a very nice , colorful offering , one in a series . clever little tidbits of information and some nice imagery . worth a look .
very , very sexyand heartwarming ! you will fall in love with the characters . i highly recommend you read all three books
very cute and durable cover . great price ! took three weeks to get it but it's worth it . daughter loves it .
made in usa mil spec rated which means a . pellet shot at fps at close range ! super thin arms for muffs !
a great book ! a little known world war ii event brought to life . really didn't want to put it down .
this is a slow moving film . so much is going on beneath the surface . well acted and with important themes .
beautiful case fits perfectly can't believe how inexpensive and good quality . getting spare in case they run out ! highly recommended !
it was for my grandson , its sooo cute , he sleeps with it every nite , soft material , thank you so much
works just fine , good quality
seemed to really be great the first night , but then made my knee hurt . haven't wanted to wear it since .
great item .
wondeful flashback to my younger years now my daughter can enjoy mr rodgers as well . came with an adorabletrolley too
the shoe fits wellit looks goodit feels goodand for a golf shoe below . its a good buy
this is a great book . taste of homes has done it again . it's for everyone who loves to cook .
este equipo me lo solicit oacute mi esposa . ella est aacute fascinada con este equipo tanto es que lo est aacute recomendando . saludos
can't resist it . the books are well and cleverly written . great character , great story lines , good period pieces . keep writing .
great gift for my husband the scifi dude ! love it ! it was the show stopper at my husbands retirement party !
it was an entertaining and thought provoking book . i highly recommend it .
it is poetry by an interesting rural woman in wisconsin , style called objectivism . the book is in very good condition !
good for years of burn's night and throw in some scotch and bagpipes and your good for the evening .
i loved this book so much and i can't wait to read the next book in the series ! love it !
the flintie shell case does everything it advertised . and the color is understated and elegant . i'm pleased with the purchase .
loved this song . loved this entire album . dejj is one of the best bands out there . grab it now friends .
great !
very fast shipping . product is great .
topped hybrid theory , never thought that was possible . great words and beats , might be the best album of the century !
this is a very interesting book ! it gives you a few pointers i couldn't put it down ! love it !
nice tool . have not used it too much yet but the quality is very good . price is fair . good buy
great boom stand for the price !
i really enjoyed this game . the play is fast and fun . the timed segments are a rush . recommend it toall
nice watch
didn't put this book down . kept me guessing through it all . can't wait to read the follow up . highly recommended !
price was good and the colors were nice for my wife . the phone stinks though . that's not amazons fault though
this is my favorite song of . get this cd .
this is your basic muslin and as such the item is exactly as described . it arrived promptly .
not bad but still have tears
what more can i say ? i bought it because of the brand reputation . . . . . . . .
excelent ! i just wish they would have put california dreaming on the album ! great job girls ! hugs to you all !
this is imaginative and darkly creative literature . i found it to be as intense as it is beautiful . highly recommended .
this is probably the finest miter gauge on the market . i would recommend it to anyone needing such a tool .
new to the game of mahjong but this is fun , challenging and has different background choices to help the experience .
bought this bluetooth headset for my girlfriend and she loves it . will do business again .
this is a very good book ! i would recommend it to anyone who loves outdoor living . the pictures are beautiful !
love it . keeps my mind thinking my son is such a beast with food . love love love love love love it
it works like it is suppose to . instructions could be a little more clear . over all good . price is right .
my husband and every house guest since has loved this book ! great gift for the fans in your life . bravo !
this item was exactly as advertised . good for most beginners as well as those that have put some time in .
i can't tell this from the canon one . seems to be same construction quality and build . no problems .
i cried at their struggle rejoiced in their courage . read it and learn so much about faith and truth .
it works out really good , very comfortable , eases my back pain . it does look kind of odd in its style .
simple design but very sturdy . perfect for displaying the gun . so pleased with it that we bought a second one .
love the product . exactly what i needed and exactly what was described in the description . great great great great product
very happy with product and service
i highly recommend this book . ideal for the amtrak enthusiast . very well done , a lot of effort was put into it
a very cute story line . kept me entertained . have read other p . s . powers books and enjoyed them all . thank you
work great . very small and light . durability is unknown . we shall see . good purchase overall .
it is smaller than i thought originally but it works very well for toting my books and laptop to class .
great movie , lots of fun ! i recommend it to anyone !
bought these to wear to the pool and beach . they are great . so much more comfortable than regular flip flops .
blake shelton does it again ! i love all of the songs on this cd . it's definitely worth paying for it .
i enjoy these inspiring movies . bought after the roots series . arrived quickly and in great condtion . would buy again . thanks
does its job pretty good to type with , hard keys easy to adjust too , the back scratches really easily tho !
love the book completely obsessed with mr . grey . the storyline is great i cannot wait until the movie comes out .
the clarity is good . good lcd display . good battery life . i totally like it .
glove works great . good grip and hands stay dry even in the wettest conditions ! i highly recommend them . awesome product .
couldn't put it down .
easy to install , quick call up , user friendly graphics . avatars can be changed to match whomever is playing or characters you know .
i can not believe what came in the package ! well worth the price . cheaper than buying at walmart for sure .
nice decal doesn't seem to be cheaply made . nice decal about three inches and is made in one whole piece .
phoenix wright games are a blast , and whether you are a fan or not , this is definitely worth your time .
does a great job , especially picking up cat hair . we are very happy with purchase .
works good , will definitely watch some sports out on the deck . looking forward to checkingscores on various events . the price was right .
love it love it
one of my favorite albums . worth it just for his version of one mint julep .
really enjoyed the adventure and the buddhist teachings great movie
my grandson loves it and that is important . he wears it all the time . says it fits him nicely . thanks
i'm a big kate winslet fan . it had a great cast and story line . a fantasy of many young boys .
i like this because i can quietly sit and enjoy the thoughts and the game , get it for yourself , enjoy
frank is an interesting guy who lives an interesting life who writes a great story . one hell of a book .
the only thing i use for sunburns , no matter how severe .
it is great material , and the size was what i expected
the video now is great my , four year old loves it . he takes it every were , he got it for easter .
holds your hair without that helmet head look ! not available in stores so very happy to find it onamazon .
my grandkids . age , , and . triplets , . love these and love elmo ! makes dining a real easy , delightful time ! kids love these !
i like this movie and will smith is a good sing and actor . it's have a little bit of everything .
this product is perfect for small , tight spaces . i installed it above my kitchen sink under a cabinet . perfect solution !
i chose the game cause ilike food now that im playing it it helps me discover new foods , restaurants etc .
these shoes are very comfortable and stylish . they accomplish my goals of looking good and feeling good . highly recommended .
very nice purchase . my wife uses it and finds it fashionable and functional .
nice fore grip !
i received a good quality product , for a very good price and it was delivered early !
iphone screen is protected but works looks feels like nothing is there . fits with slim cases , too . highly recommended .
immediately captures the reader and makes you feel like you were there . a must read for aviation and ww buffs .
great little fridge !
this band is new to me and i was surprised to like it after one hearing . nice voices and arrangements
this charger works very well and is very sturdy . it arrived on time and i was very happy about that .
it was better than expected . good to se kristen stewart in a different movie she was good in it
i bought this for someone who owns every danielle steel ever published . she loves this author's writing style and stories .
love this it is a perfect face steamer to clear pores
fit great , super clear
i was drawn in by this compelling story . beautifully written , unfolding with grace and subtly . please enjoy this great read .
i enjoy romance stories and this did not disappoint . i enjoyed the interaction between the characters as the story unfolded .
really excellent product , i really love the quality , the connector are super , honest i will buy more of this products .
had this light since october . sturdy , bright , and handy as hell . good product . good as a flashlight too . good focus .
perform better than expected . would definitelyreccommend to a friend . looks and perfoms better than my old taylor made wedges .
super useful for putting up next to my desk and keeping track of an overview of my schedule
nice work daniel . easy , fun read .
four stars ? nothing is perfect ! because the brew time is short , i can be a chain drinker . i love the product .
it fit in all my credit cards and id cards plus money great ! don't bulge in your inside coat pocket
this bag was beautiful
slippers are comfortable , and velcro strap is sturdy . only complaint is that sole is too soft and not really supportive .
excelent quality and all the games , this game is beautiful and all the specification is really , thanks i recomend it
its a great game . its fun to learn all of the new logos . you'll definetly enjoy it . i love it
ojmgmdujabwsbdiowdw i couldnt believe its too beautiful it is soo great and she is thebomb . com ok its so great ok
excellent band and cannot wait for a new cd from them !
good price , easy assembly , organizes a cluttered cabinet nicely . we keep spices and baby cups lids in it . amazon prime !
i like my wireless jump rope . service was grat . they arrived pretty qiuick . the quality is pretty good . easy to operate .
powerful lesson . every choice , good or bad , has a price . losing yourself to please others is too great a price .
easily enough changes for a year . great quality and a great deal .
looks good and the grips texture is strong in my hand . i for sure would buy this again . great price !
easy to instal , easy to run and provides detailed information on potential as well as my existing customers . great program .
got one for my wife for her birthday . i wanted one too . great product and service !
really good , and easy to operate . i am so happy to have my can opener in my kitchen . love it !
just what i was looking for my niece will love it cant wait to buy more for my niece soon
excellent graphics . a bit of gladiator meets pompeii
works well in the car and holds to the windshield without slipping , well built with quality materials i love it
this is the best , in my opinion . i love daniel craig and he is the best since sean connery .
it is very intence and just a really good book is it also a funny but firce story thank you
the music is as awesome as i remember it when i saw it on broadway . i highly recommend the cd !
beautiful ! just as described , more than i expected for the price , lovely !
works good
the chopsticks are long and narrow as the japanese style dictates . they are nicely formed wood and they are smooth .
i have been a fan of the beatles for a very , very long time . this compendium is one of my favorites !
great size and feels like a doctors jacket . i now have the final piece for my costume yey yey yet
the first time i wasn't sure it would be something i would enjoy but decided to read anyway , and did enjoy .
expected read .
working great , great price for the set comes with a nice case easy to remove and easy to lock .
not real fancy , but does what it needs to do for a great price . arrived much earlier than expected , too .
very good and practical , i loved it . very resistant . very convenient to carry to school or carry your water , i recommend it .
and it's a david bowie project so it must be good . tata
good product but shelves should be adjustable . well made and a good price .
my daughter loved it . she screamed when she opened it . she always wanted to have barbie dolls like her mom .
it is just like the casino except you do not get to keep the money . a good game to try .
love love loveeee it ! . it's nice an kind of heavy . recommend for sure ! the best bucks i ever spend .
american , what it means to be one . live it or leave it . read the book to find out how !
battery last me all day , great product , i recommend this product to everyone . it's outstanding , get it now from here .
fue una compra excellent estaba en muy buen estado aun y cuando era usada . espero seguir comprando a este proveedor .
khan belts out the best funky music ever . good background music and singers makes this a very enjoyable cd .
you're going to want an extra copy to pass on to someone else .
wonderful game , love the graphics and t different rooms especially the special rooms . easy to win and rake up some coins
it works like it should , looks great , and came in the mail quickly . i am very happy with the purchase .
took awhile to download but it works great for the songs and videos i want to see and listen too .
solid construction . it worked as it should . good price . i was very happy with it . probably better than the original .
oh yes people yet more south parki just can't get enough of it and neither can youpre order now
this is a good game i recamend it to every one who likes guessing games you should get it .
the kids really enjoyed this fun cartoon story book . they keep reading it over and over ! lots of wonderful illustrations .
i love leary and this is some of his best work . i only wish there were more special features . fantastic
it has been hard to find lightweight socks . these are great .
the most beautiful red coral ! love it !
my son likes this enfagraw toddler next step milk , it is good . we will order more in the near future .
es un buen libro , se puede leer y te mantiene pendiente del final . tiene de todo un poco , est aacute bien .
the cds in the bundle work exactly how they should . this is a great product . i would recommend this product .
i loved everyone of these beads and they really bring out my bracelet . the colors are really cool and pretty
man , these were a good price for online and esp in hawaii you cant find it at this price ! thanks
i scaned it , it was great . i have not realy got into it yet .
i recommend it to all . i love this song , and i chose it because i love it just that much .
goodbye to messy powders and liquids spilling all over the place . these work well and no smell is a bonus .
use this horn to start out my sunday school class for the , year olds . they love it . thanks
what can you say about batteries ? they work as expected and they arrived quickly . i'm happy .
the product came well wrapped and is exactly as described , keeps my razor clean and working great .
great storyline . great acting by kyra sedgwick and keifer sutherland . highly recommend this movie .
stunning . perfect for cutting hair and styles came very quick and hair is super long was worth the price
works well
lots of action but i felt like we are wasting of money for protection when one guy could it allgeorge
worked great .
fits perfectly . it is thick enough that it has a small lip on the front , to help protect the screen .
this book right here though is the bomb . i honestly haven't read a book yet by shameek and was disappointed
i love josh groban's arrangement of this song . i share it with everyone i know and they like it also .
i bought this because of micheal easton . i wanted to see where his mind wonders . interesting . i'll eventually buy more
gift for my husband so he no longer hurts his spine while exercising . love it . great quality . made well . thank you .
i absolutely love it ! i could not put it down ! can't wait to read the next book in the series !
perfect addition to carry all of our sandy beach toys to and from the beach . held up nicely without tearing .
super cute and after reading reviews i made sure i ordered a half size smaller . they're perfect !
i found some real belly laughs in here . cheers geerhart , great idea and some brilliant tie ins .
i miss paula and have not caught up with jamie yetnot complex recipes and my husband does the cooking
love her books . sorry to have this one end .
it was what i needed . the telescope makes it easy for different height tables when traveling .
my subs have a great output in my truck . these are very quality cables and worth the money for sure .
wonderful
our tower doesn't have a card reader so this is a great way to upload our digital pictures ! works good !
worked well
expensive
this book is very well written and covers the early stage investing spectrum completely . i enjoyed reading the simple style .
beautiful , well made , fits perfectly . everything i had hoped for ! this made receiving a used ipad seem like a new one !
the first movie in years that after viewing i said . i must read the book . tremendous . and a keeper in the collection . oh yeah
very entertaining . action packed . the family enjoys watching . service good . it is one of the best tv series out there
i really like rvca gear , and this shirt has been really nice . comfortable , and it fit very nicely for me .
it lasts longer than i expected . the only thing that i could hope for is that it fit slightly better .
nice and clean !
the service was prompt . i received my product after a mere two days when i ordered it
because of the amount of information in it . but . you didn't write it , did you ? kidding . already knew that .
really happy with it . perfect balance of slim and protective . i drop my phone a lot .
purchased this salt mill to match the pepper mill i had . the match was perfect and the item is substantial .
wide range of fun and easy projects
works well
my son loves this game . very good game . learns shapes and color , along with animal sounds . would recommand to othersjessica
the best production of joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat that i have seen !
i enjoyed this book as much as vince flynn's books . i will read andrew's other books as soon as possible .
this is very fun and is amazing it's exactly what i was looking for wow it's very very fun yay
very nice reading . i liked verfy mucho this book . some timesa little bit slow but ver nice book indica general .
omg i love this app . its so fast its everything you want its fast and free at the same time .
bought this for my husband seems to be a great product . haven't used it much yet , but no complaints .
great view and zoom . a bit bigger and heavier than expected
easy digital download . this band is great . had to download a program to open this download but it was easy .
not bad but some are clips only of shows some stop mid show have to start over .
for a church that is in conflict , this book will help keep you sane .
perfect for swapping purses quickly without leaving something behind . many compartments to use as well as large zipper compartments .
this laser printer works very well with my mac and is truly a superb printer good price , efficient printer .
looking for this in a long time and i have been receiving good complements from girls ! so good so far
i really enjoyed this book ! i didn't want it to end . thanks ejd for another great book .
it work just as it was supposed too ! easy to apply and use . comes off with no residue left behind .
great movie and great quality , however the loading was a bit slower than i expected . overall performance is great . .
works perfect need games
great , clean humor . fun for the whole family . kinda .
if you like hotel or cooking dash you will love this one too . fun and very addictive . i am hooked !
great buy ! amazingly low price for such a nice pair of earrings . gem colors are bright and consistent throughout . sturdy setting .
my girlfriend loved the purse her mouth dropped when she got it . thank you !
i am really very new to origami , but the illustrations and instructions are very easy to follow .
this formula contains what i was looking for .
reading barr's books always make me want to visit her locations . i really enjoy her description , etc . loved book ! must read .
i love this book . it is very easy to read and understand with the examples .
excellent video . definiately the one to have . great michael jackson history in video
wow . these are sturdy and durable . they are easy for young hands to maneuver making them proud to help garden .
it is the best game for my baby that is why i give it a four in all for you
great fun
this is a real funny cartoons watch that most of my sons life good memories watching this bunch of cartoons
the apple iphone s bumper tpu case works and looks great on my son's iphone . it is worth the money .
there was room to write on them . used them for a guest book at our wedding dinner reception . worked just great !
great overview of the future of medicine and the several trends affecting it . may be too optimistic for my taste .
i will be rereading this series multiple times . i truly enjoyed the story line and well written these books are .
this was a great romantic , suspense read . i couldn't put it down . i would highly recommend this book . keep them coming .
very good !
great i buy this for my sister , she , s very happy with this product , i thing buy this in other ocassion
first time buying a gameing headset and wow . great for movies too !
i didn't use this not much . i was looking for weather but its aright anyway . thank you and enjoy it
really good item , with good quality to charge many things at once in your car . i highly recomend it . bye
works like any other screen protector , never easyto use , but it was inexpensive and came right away . worth the price .
exceeded expectations . will definetly buy this product again . works great in the cricut machine and the price was really great .
christmas gift so i did not unwrap . but my dad said he really liked it . i may buy one myself
i love the ring . it's true to it's size and hasn't tarnished or scratched . it is perfect for the price .
bungy hedley's story is so interesting . such a unique individual . reading this book has been a real pleasure for me
fast service love quiltwould order againwas looking for the antique look and got it . goes well with my pink room
really good book . i have read the others in the series and enjoyed this one just as much . recommend highly .
best workout i've ever used . basic , effective and flexible for those with families and full time jobs .
my son and i love to play this . it's very addictive and we laugh at the antics of goofy minions .
works great ! love it
i had never thought about all the problems organized crime creates . it's very said if this was based on truth .
this is a great series of books ! i love how everything wrapped up nicely ! i would highly recommend these books !
hajj fg fggf . gh jimmie hurt dr gy ok uh td in ki uh fat dr gy hi ik ik
i bought this as a beginner and have been very happy with it . it plays well and looks nice .
you people are crazy ! chingy is da bomb , i espesially like give em some more ! hot song ! kandy kaine
this game is awesome ! feels like i'm a spartan fighting my way through the arena maybe to win my freedom
and decent quality for the price . not particularly well made however . but they are very comfortable as well . hard to beat .
i love how fast and easy it is to make beautiful cards ! i love the framelits and would buy more !
it had unexpected twisted turns . well crafted , and it kept me wanting to read more and more . a real page turner
this is a great story and keeps your interest from beginning to end . typical excellence from james patterson .
so cute and dainty . can't wait to wear it with the dress and earrings i purchased . the color matches perfectly !
love this song ! it's not new by any means , but it is powerful and a great song to the lord .
good quality ! my wife has used it for several months . it still looks good and has not ripped or torn .
great driver , awesome feeling when hitting the ball , great control . everything i wanted of a golf club . fully recommend it .
this sticker looks great and it went on in seconds ! i will be getting more stickers from here for christmas .
a great fit in my lunch bag and keeps everything cold .
as advertised . did the trick and look nice . easy to take on and off . look good on the shower rod .
it came quickly and it is in great condition and i have already enjoyed it entirely .
smashing tunes amp godbless the talent on here . let's be positive , love to everyone involved
ideal propaganda for anyone planning to lull an enemy into a false sense of security .
this book is . really good for me i don't usually read if i do the book must be good
a wonderful , portable exercise tool . no one has an excuse not to be fit and healthy .
this is the best flour we have ever used its make bread pizza and pasta incredible light and delicioussimply said .
pan flute is one of my favourites . this zamfir cd is my first and is just wonderful . very soothing stuff .
thanks mr . lipschutz , i am sure this material support all engineers who face dares in their undertakes . best regards , marcos castro .
. and it covers the whole table . the book is huge , and very detailed . good choice .
it was great to get this disk for a reasonable price . i am very pleased with it .
bought for my kindle fire hd and so far so good . no problems . it seems to be working just fine .
i was surprised to find this item for sale ! i enjoyed working with this company .
ending could have been more conclusive
great game for anyone that enjoys fps games . the single player game is fun , online works well too . that's all .
i loved this book and the movie i'm more excited now to keep reading the trilogy and the next movie
its a good game and a lots of fun . i like the graphics . nice sound effects . easy to learn interfaces .
recomended . it's a beatiful watch and a perfect brand . it's a product with a quality standard very good . recomended .
im a fashionista and its hard to find fashion apps that fit my liking but this app rocks ! awesome app
this is a cute little outfit and my daughter loves it for her bfc doll ! i wish more were available .
i got this on the kindle for my girls . they enjoy listening to it at christmas cute cute christmas story .
awesome series ! easy reading and entertaining . enjoyed all books with a good realistic story line . good author great job .
the colors were brighter and bolder than expected , and the quality of the plastic glasses seemed sturdy and long lasting .
i love this cd and the additional cd is really something ! her live performance is unbelievable .
good book
great hard shell case . very pretty design . also does not interfere with slide out keyboard . fits perfectly . highly recommended for tracfones .
she wanted a smaller jelly roll pan . she loves it for the size and says it's durable and high quality .
easy to play . no fighting the app to play easily and smoothly . enjoy playing this version . keeps me entertained awhile .
back to school shopping for my daughter she loved it
this is a good game for being free . it has good graphics for the price . enjoyed the levels and obstacles
having sons as coaches , i found it so insightful myself so i can't wait to give it to them !
great dvd
much better than the one sold in apple store , good quality , reasonable price . i am very happy with the purchase .
nice fit . true to size . it looks better in person than the image .
this is a great set for anime collectors and dragon ball z enthusiasts . an amazing set and a reasonable price .
fangirling so hard atm i love it so hard
i really love stormie omartian books . she has such a great style of writing . easily understood , clear and so real
this leash amazing love it and my pup does too . i wish it retractred better but for the price unbeatable .
it's fast to upload and download and it stores everything i need it to . what's not to love ? it's perfect .
very happy good
great above my expectation would recomend it would like to get products over phone . but i woul definately recomend . very much satisfied
this the best one checking cars speeding by i used this one a lot .
we cannot wait for the baby to be born so she can use it , we love all things mustache ! love !
i love all barbara freethy ! this is a great series . get to know the whole family . love the added mystery !
great deal for the money ! sounds amazing with a flowmaster tip ! better performance ! more hp ! mpg ? don't know yet !
works just fine . nothing cosmic , no surprises . good basic note pad . should come as a standard app on the kindle .
excellent for my dogs . they like the consistency of this food not watery or too thick . would recommend this science diet .
the best guitar !
this is a nice harp for children , comes with extra wire for strings and is simple to tune and play .
i purchased these to mount video monitors to a cart . work great and the build quality is really nice . would recommend .
terrific
i bought this to replace the fan in my dell laptop . it was a perfect fit and easy to install .
super easy assembly . clear glass shelves give a small room the illusion of more room . excellent price . very good value .
really didnt like the pockets , an outside you feel any breeze
this has worked out as described and has been a welcome addition to my home . great product .
great
a classically twist filled connelly book , which i loved from start to finish . connelly is the ultimate master of crime thrillers .
works great and especially like the night vision . only downside is reception sometimes with screen .
great item and am glad i bought it . i like the items made and have added this to my collections .
great shoes but runs large . i am usually . and bought . . other than that great looking shoes . very classy .
used this on a plane trip to ca it worked realy well and was great with babies too .
they seem to be a good shoe and time will only tell if they are a good value or not .
great product ! it really works . rub it on the area that works and will have relief in minutes . try it .
cumple las expectativas al .
the fashion sense is amazing and the different outfits are just great . so much cloths for different combinations and style .
used it x already and love it . it held up great in making the muffins . nice product for the price .
they grow on you . like a fungus . but a good fungus , that brings introspection , humor , uncomfort , and ultimately satisfaction . well done , witherspoon !
truly amazing book . awesome pix . beautiful prose . a celebration of pure mojo , indeed . if only it came in a scratch n sniff version !
nice product . fit well on my accord . purchased the item for a great price . works great would recommend to others .
got it fast it works great i love it i use it all the time everyone should get onethanks
perfect fit . i am a medium size and these are just right . i would buy these in brown . hb
wife uses it for calming effect . it works for herprices are better than retail health stores . product is exactly the same one !
excellent ! so very well researched and written . readers that have a passion for biographical material will eat this one up !
the best game in the market thats all i can say , you dont have it ? buy it
it could not have been any better i suggest everyone to read this book . you won't regret it i promise
i am happy with the purchase you cant beat the price , i will recommend it to my friends and family .
excellent . a high quality product that fits perfect . do not make too many bubbles . stick with precision . very good product
track listing . cryin' game intl remix cryin' game original wait a minute
bought this as a christmas present for my dad . the case is simple , cheap , and attractive . i have no complaints .
both of my kids , eleven year old boy and seven year old girl , love wallace gromit . my husband and i love it , too !
this is the most lucid , convincing and rightfully scathing interpretation of american foreign policy i've ever read . absolutely brilliant .
this mirror is perfect for a small bathroom where the main mirror is too far away to see very well .
doesn't slip , very absorbent , and covers my entire yoga mat . everything i was looking for in a bikram yoga towel !
a little sticky but lots of color . i have purchased this gloss several times . really pretty pink not to dark
as advertized . works great ! just what i was looking ffor and could not find locally at two different rv dealers .
the description of the condition of the book was accurate and a bargain at the price ! i was very pleased .
awesome i have been waiting for ever for this to come in free app of the day xd ! !
perfection is easy to come by if you devote your life to it , and then do even more every year .
these beads are very nice . they arrived quickly and they smell wonderful . i'd recommend them to anyone needing a rosary .
nice leather , sized for front pocketshould last a long timeholds several cards , some cash . will update after usage
this is my favorite one . but must make sure not to leave it with any water sitting in it . love it , paula
very good game ! dont miss her
they fit right in my brother mfc j dw . no problems so far . quality of print feels the same as with the original cartridges .
works great . small and compact . like the cell phone charger . must have in tornado alley oklahoma . easy to windup . ok
nicely wound , good finish , very ductile . no problems whatsoever more words is a silly requirement if you ask me .
not much to say . it plugs in and charges your phone . i couldn't ask for anything more !
this is a fine item and i'am very glad with it and will recommended to any of of friends .
it is large . i like it .
i like the drive size and capacity . however , when trying to connect on different printers , sometimes the drive wasn't recognized .
good product . amazing on rugs ! performs as stated . okay on hardwood or linoleum . carry feature for stairs very handy . would recommend ,
both my grandsons love this ! it's fun , full of good action , and a hit ! gramma loves this kind of present !
easy to obtain , accurate recording of totals . asy to apply for a variety of products . a better way to shop online anytime . it's good
my daughter is very glad with this party dress exactly how she saw by amazonthanks a lot
it folds up quickly and easily . it's just the right size to carry in my purse or tote bag . .
shipped very fast . fits galaxy note just fine . quality material , quality product , excellent value ! will reorder in the future !
they make my butt look even more amazing and they are so omfortable must have jeans
clear , powerful mic . ! easy to use , wide and nice range of pick up timber , and work for long distance too !
prints great as usual its what's recommended for the printer i'm using will buy again , which i just did .
my son was so excited to get it . it was just what he wanted . very good description of the item
factual , easy to understand . i learned what to look for in a book cover . very helpful for a newbie author !
delivers as promised , easy install , no problems encountered . this product made my life easier because it made my wife happy , if thats even possible .
i like this product and can't get it in any of the three grocery stores where i shop .
this was recommended by my dermatologist . it works well on smoothing the skin and removing keratosis .
very cute . comfortable and they don't look orthotic in the least
great instrumental work here . a pleasure to listen to , i particularly enjoyed the arrangement on scratchy .
needed a wider calf sock . my bad .
pro great protein for vegetarianscons taste is just awful even when i add a lot of sugar , chocolate , etc pasty texture
the children where i work loved it .
it's fine to read and try to figure out which parts are terry pratchett's and which part are neil gaiman's .
we bought these to scare the birds from our pool deck . they work great !
i wasn't sure about purchasing this because of all the verbage in the return policy . however very happy with the product
i will read this again and will enjoy it again . tim powers is a great author . i recommend it highly .
excellent . you definitely get more than you pay for .
such a beautiful story of unconditional love ! a quick read that doesn't leave you hanging ! can't wait to read second chance
product was as expected and works well . received in a timely manner and am very pleased with my purchase . thanks !
i have given this book as a gift to several friends . i have read it through and starting it again . great book
everything fit correctly . latch stays close . if you didn't want a belt clip this would be a good inexpensive option .
easy to use and does good job not strong enough for heavy , commercial applications but works well around the house
catchy songs that help children learn spanish are in this teaching program . the children will sing along with the cd .
just as cute as they can be . good for butter . candy . these molds work great sturdy . i recommend them for these purposes .
completely hooked from page one . recommend that this book be read in a dark room with a flashlight !
purchased several times in the past few years . simply the best that i've tried . will reorder in the future . fast delivery great price
helen keller's new book is not as awesome as harry potter the discourse stones ! i am happy
just what i was looking for . fit is very good . i could wear these every day . i just love them .
so far , so good . fits snug on my phone , doesn't compromise sound or visual quality at all . spigen cases rule !
old school geek goodness .
i saw this video on youtube and loved it . i like lonely island and lady gaga . it was very funny
it's a great cd and it came right on time . i enjoy that soundtrack and am glad i purchased it .
this was one of the best deals ever , truly enjoy the dvd and cd . well worth the money .
given my limited usage it allows me to avoid buying a new phone . i use a cellphone strictly for security .
never knew that those two words could be so powerful ! i will buy a paperback and pass it all around .
very good product but it does not fit first generation kindle fire '' as it said in the product description .
there are lots of mini games . and motivates you to play more by making you gain points to unlock more .
these candles burn long and clean , just like the box says . would buy these again in a minute . highly recommend !
lightweight . works great . delivered on schedule .
dr matthews talks injuries in kids and cte nothing groundbreaking but would recommend because of the good fundamentals and intentions .
this piller is just what the doctor ordered . it works very very good and it was shipped very quickly . great
loved this book
the metal artwork is absolutely beautiful and much nicer than we expected . it looks amazing in our bedroom ! thank you !
cool
worked great for my imac , and very easy to install . i shopped around and this was the best price .
this is a very encouraging book that can , and will , inspire others to think about making a difference for others .
my niece loved this book . she is just shy of four and i read it to her on christmas day .
why cant i get this book on my kindle i want to read the th book i cant find it
no complaints at all ! great cd came new like it said ! i am pleased with this purchase ! thanks so much !
this was also recommended on dr . oz . i however , have been using this for years . it is a super product !
solid product .
the show is both thought provoking funny . well written , with some top rate witty lines . liam a shines in his lead role .
great story lines . abundant scenes of the monks singing at prayer and great detective work by the soldier turned monk herbalist .
i bought this as a gift for my sister and she absolutely loves it . everything was even better than expected !
great attachment to an already great tool . a must have for the leatherman multi tool . also consider the bit assortment .
amazing quality ! i just love them ! i will use them for work and play . they fit perfect and are comfortable .
shirt is great quality and it fits great ! i would recommend this to anyone . good quality and a great price !
i love the heater because it works well with my gallon aquarium , and the dial is easy to read , its great
he owns detroit . one of the best . words cannot describe mr . seger and the silver bullet band . just listen fantastic .
a most excellent read
absolutely comfortable sweater . i feel so warm inside , and there is room to wiggle around in the sweater . love it .
awesome inspiring song . i've been trying to find this for some time now . glad you had this available for me !
it is a good replacement for the one that is broken .
fits ipad mini really well . snaps right in and then hard to get out which i consider a good thing
great stuff , just don't screw up applying it and you will be fine .
just a refill
though it could have some jazz standards instead of rock pop songs as examples . the book is pretty good .
i would recommend this cable to others . it is very good . i would buy this product this again if needed .
this book is an awesome read
they made my table look so cute and every commented on them . they are adorable . i would recommend to anyone .
although i like the new look . i miss richard dean anderson . it's a fun season , but any way go sg .
absolutely completely happy
the unit installed easily and has functioned without any problems . i have had it in use for two months .
excellent , like all of hugh fearnley whittingstall's books . it's a veritable treatise on fish as food . extremely thorough , well researched , and engaging .
excellent writing and magnificent acting specially with john goodman . i cannot stop laughing on such serious topics . very well accomplished !
well , it's ended . not the way i thought but even so i want more . what happens next to these folks ?
these shows are delightful . great actors and delicious situation . if you love british sitcoms , you would love this show too .
fun . entertaining and challenging . one of the best games i've played in a long time . try it . you'll like it .
i had forgotten about this order . i never received it . lourdes
easy to use , lightweight and so rewarding to be able to easily track my runs , routes and progress . great value !
works great came quickly
i hated taking those domes off top of my cake and this is the best solution ever ! i live it !
this is a sharp looking sticker and looks great on my car ! great price too . i bought of them .
have read several other mrs . murphy mysteries and can't put them down until finished . looking forward to reading more books .
product appears ok , life of battery not as good as original kodak battery . shipped quickly , service appears to be good .
got the wolf moon t shirt yesterday and am now getting married tomorrow to the girl of my dreams .
good buy
my son loves this skateboard . santa brought it to him this past year and he rides it all the time .
these worked great . i was having trouble with my phones , turned out to have bad batteries on all phones .
this is the most beautiful music i have ever heard . so glad i bought it .
great movie !
perfect hea !
just one more great movie by cary grant . add it to your list of ones to buy . you will love it totally
good short read . this book was a read you could do in a day or two . entertaining and fun read .
i love reading god's word and sharing it with my other christian friends . it is a very special book . good .
excellent product , it's fun and easy to make all different colors , this is the perfect product to save all broken crayon pieces .
this is excellent , but not what i was looking for , i needed the usb for the apple ipod nano gen .
great product ! turntable spins smoothly , and the design including larger holes on one side makes installation a snap ! thanks amazon !
spoiler ! marcus and cassie , together at last . i'm going to miss them until next time . and as always a great read !
i think this is a great app . i love it . it works great for kindle fire . it is so addicting !
great story of strong woman . local history is interesting . well written . a good read for anyone .
taste great , i love them . great snack and very healthy . will buy again and again . my whole family loves them
i've got about a dozen of these on the walls of my music room . much more secure than floor stands !
book was in good condition had quite a bit of highlighting and notes , but overall was in great shape .
my nephew is training and he really enjoyed this book . read it right away . glad to find it . packaged well .
i love it . i used it to make lace crowns .
quick shipping ! great price .
excellent product that worked as expected . the installation directions were clear . product was easy to install and use . good buy .
was exactly the item that i needed . it shipped quick and didn't miss my photo opportunity to use my tripod .
such honesty about all things motherhood . i laughed until i cried ! will definitely be recommending this to all my mom friends .
you're gonna love this one !
the use of a range of perspectives makes for an unusual view of some well know events from that wartime period .
i absolutely love this product i recommencement to buy if you don't have one . i will buy me another one
i love it . i just wish there was a way to block material that is not appropriate for my child .
this family went through many painful struggles but ended up stronger and happier than ever . i highly recommend it . laura
one of my favourite movies of all time ripley destroys those aliens can't wait to see the new one
have found this brand satisfactory for my class handouts
i bought these for my daughter who turned sweet . she loved them esp . b c she loves cats . thx !
i just love playing these games . the graphics and sound are just wonderful . i would recommend buying it . love it .
exact product i needed .
everything all the reviews said and was even better than i could have imagined . love the color and the quality .
what a big book of pokemon for the price my little guy is going to love it !
peanuts were not purchased for me , bought for the wild birds , gave it a high rating because they loved it .
another dvd set i bought to add to the first season of great episodes i bought !
nice design too . earpieces fit snug and comfortably . sound is better than standard apple earbuds . i recommend this product . thanks
comfortable ! true to size . love the color and design . fits just right . great top for all us dodger fans !
this review is for the nonesuch facsimile edition . this is a handsome , hefty tome with wonderful illustrations . very well done .
my children absolutely loved this . i love this because it takes me back to when i was a child . great !
this game never gets old . i have played it sense i was really young . beware it is very addicting . lol
thoughtful and creative worship on this album . love no other name and my use it corporately at my church soon .
nicely designed , toasts perfectly and quickly . reasonably priced great bargain for the money !
this book is great for those who like romance and fighting , it keeps you reeling for more and more . love it !
i would buy these again . they are fairly comfortable , but i wouldn't run or walk extreme long distances in them .
best reference source library journal , outstanding reference source rusa ala
this is so fun , i have it on my ipod too . lt lt my year old loves it too .
this film is the sweetest , most lovable romantic film ever . this film encouraged my uncle to become a reporter !
not as symmetrical as hoped for , not square
the shoes fit well , look good , are reasonably priced , and met my expectations . i would buy from this manufacturer again .
now my car looks really good
a great wrench for tight spots where you need all eight inches of leverage !
i like it is really fun and i have a lot of fun i spend all of my timeon it
every recipe i tried from this christmas gift , so far was delicious . so , i sent a copy to my daughter .
i purchased this for tuning on my trombone , specifically in the upper range . very accurate
great product . received in timely manner . would purchase again from seller . pleasure doing business with you .
works great , multi processor at . ghzneeded cpu to run the boinc programvery fast cpu , hard to slow down .
funny and nice love it i liked it a lot i hope there will be more bye . sarah talbot queener
i love this latest edition . i didn't want it to end i cannot get enough bbd . look forward to next .
the book is great ! i am a beginner and this book is the perfect choice . i would highly recommend it !
the produt it's self was fine quality . it just carried to large . in the picture it appeared to carry smaller
scifi lovers this story is for you . the plot and adventures will keep you reading until the end .
no wonder this is topping evry top ten list in every catagory . it's an amazing album by an amazing singer .
great book . detailed and creative . like the way left thinking about it after you have finished reading the book . awesome .
fun game especially considering it's free . collection items are frustrating especially that you cant sell duplicates so they are worthless .
buy them , you will be very happy too , many of my friends are telling me that they will buy them
a gamer pretty much said it allgamecube rocksxbox is ndps sucks !
this is the best skillet cd ever you should check it out soon
great collection of songs that give praise to god ! i lke being able to download them easy and quick access . thanks
great story line with lots of twists , keeps you reading and involved in the story with a good happy ending .
wonderful tale , told with dexterity ! very vivid images of nature , weather , and survival . definately worth reading !
kept me interested for the entire book . some parts a little confusing but for the most part very good read .
great and work well , just a lot larger than anticipated .
excellent book for people entering quot life begins at quot stage
this is a great set of tools . has everything i needed and strong products . another great surprise was the price .
very good qualitymakes you remember the good movie theatre popcorn . good for u too . check medical quality of coconut oils .
this is the best toothbrush i have ever owned . i would recommend this awsome toothbrush to everyone !
a great poster from a great band ! good picture of the group from the early days of cbgb in nyc !
awesome . exactly what i wanted
kids love this item well made ! i would definitely recommend this
my dad has it on his ipod and has no complaints about once so ever and is very colorful . very nice
for the money , this fanny pack is a great deal . lots of pockets , quality zippers and stitching . really great quality .
this book is really good or awesomedon't like the fact that there was a nazithis book is really awesome
i bought this shirt as a gift and they love it . it's a nice shirt and was a great buy !
very decent headset . worked in a convertible even with the top down .
i love this game its better than the rd by far . plus i think i got a pretty good deal .
fun game that makes you figure out the details on each stage . love this game . keep the updates coming ! thanks !
its a good book . wouldnt have been able to focus in class without the book
love it ! all the favorites you rarely hear on the radio ! and having discs is also an added bonus !
this jean fits perfect , feels comfortable and , according to my friends , makes me look well
good for wearing outside , very cold weather , keeps feet warm , dry during outside work or winter activities . you will be satisfied
puzzels are great educational activities ! all the kids want to put the big princess puzzel together .
a lovely soft and beautiful wallet that can hold all my cards and has space for two types of currencies .
this is a good book with delicious smoothies ! i found it very helpful and would certianly recommend to my friends
a cute scrub brush for the kitchen dishes . it works great to get food out of slits on a spatula .
i love it . this is exactly what i was looking for to complete this job that i was under taking .
can't wait to read more from this author !
i have never read a debbie macomber book that i didn . t love , everyone is good , writing moves rapidly , ends wel
its an okay book and is kindda scary if tou like snakes on a plane movie youll like this book
it looks brand new . i would recommend it to everyone . i love the great stories and the characters . fun reading
this item worked fantisticaly ! was a perfect match to something else i had purchased . the entire set matches exact
a history of korean picture brides woven into a very captivating tale of hawaii when it still a territory . recommend .
incredibly well written series .
new product , quick shipment , great price , was packed nicely .
dozen times . you should too .
have purchased two of these reels . amazon had the best deal . nice reel for the price .
in reference to an earlier comment question regarding the album's title .
i got this for my wife cause she has small hands , she loves it , so does the kids .
this time i bought this one as a gift , i already own them all ! love the portability and the price
good product , it has lasted well so far .
love these royal robbins men's desert pucker shorts . feel great , very comfortable and easy to care for . highly recommended !
i'm totally happy with my purchase ! i love this coat ! no complaints , it fits well , looks great , feels nice .
made very well and protects phone great ! my phone has been overheating alot so had to take it off sadly .
an excellent conclusion to an excellent series ! will definitely recommend to others . would love to read more from this author
great movie and characters ! cher is outstanding as always .
tired of wearing the same all stars that everybody wears . go for this great levi's shoe . very happy with it
getting this on to a tube with the big bite valve is pretty darn tricky . once it's on , it's amazing .
i ordered of these for christmas presents . the giftees haven't seen them yet , but i like them very much .
the case fits the samsung rugby smart sgh i phone perfectly . i love the color grey with the pink flower design .
really good if you are looking for a coffee substitute ! i am really enjoying it !
my toy yorkie love this brush . it's very gentle and easily goes through her thick hair while brushing daily .
i have had this product for plus yeas now and it is holding up very well . i like it .
the product works just fine , charged up my wife's ipod on our honeymoon for the flights . no complaints .
love it ! quick delivery .
great fit . great buy . fast shipping too .
loved sharing the cartoons i grew up with , with my grandson . proves to still be a hit with children .
light . right size . go for it . if you gotta go running this is the gear for you . i recommend it .
finally got fed up paying extortion money to hp . this is an excellent replacement at a very good price . great !
this will pay for itself in a timely fashion . easy to use . i have not found any issues so far .
definitely a must see for lotr fans . i think it was a bit drawn out but overall worth the purchase .
its awesome . packing is super as mentioned in the terms and quality of product is good . screen clarity is super .
great sound . universal mic works good with my samsung phone . works great with my ipod too . would recommend to everyone
twilight is a great love story . so all i have to say is move over harry poter !
great headset , works perfectly , better value than xbox wireless headset , must have for ps owners .
enjoyable . gives one food for thought .
the large sized poster of this splendid painting arrived in excellent condition and is now proudly displayed in my living room .
this is just what i needed . i always order only original equipment . easy installation with the instructions that were included .
had great service from amazon , when replacing my wife's kindle . very easy to update and download all of her books
this is a great show . could not stop watching once i started . can not wait to see what happens next .
love it perfect for autographs
excellent product ! and the price is almost too good to be true ! i bought and no probems . definitely recommend
it is a very good stuff for me . it looks pretty good . and the quality is very good , i like it
gods creation , some beautiful pictures and bible scriptures , enjoyed this short book . the nature pictures are absolutely breath taking . love the outdoors .
its work so well . it is the best product i have used when it came to wanting to clean myself out .
the mat is a good value for this size . the color ws good and the mats arrived in great condition .
light weight and very easy to position . stores in small area . fir like a glove , matching the scale height perfectly .
not super exciting , but it has really gotten used by the children and therefore , it was a very good price .
excellent fit . easy installation . fast shipping . good value for the money . like the integrated screen protector . would recommend to anyone .
john w . schoenheit . answered every biblical question i had concerning moral and immoralsexual behavior . looking for the truth , it's in this book .
john wayne would be proud of this movie . walhberg is a classic war hero this movie will mention with platoon .
hiaasen always delivers in the laughably strange department ! he has some of the quirkiest characters ! this is no exception . funny !
this was exactly what i needed . came fast and will use them again if needed . was perfect for my costume .
a sweet book to read . just a few pages so a very quick book .
these are always a hit , easy to use , send and it's always a gift they will love . recommend for anyone .
my nephew loved his new ipod case ! it was even better than the picture and it works great ! highly recommend !
i find my self washing more clothes since the step has been made so much easier , love these pods !
this vhs movie was in great shape . seller got it to me in very good time .
bought as a christmas gift for my grand nephew on cyber monday . he loves it . and the price was great .
small and a little dangerous to handle . be careful ! just be careful and you should have no problems . thank you .
ok though some other sci fi movies certainly rank better . i realize probably more meant for a teen flick . oh well .
order the battery for moy son and it works beautiful with no problems .
can't be beat for keeping track of rain fall amounts , plus you can see it from a long distance .
really a temporary solution to prdtect you discs , till you devise a more permanent one . very nice price for a quality item .
the book is in brand new , perfect condition . the shipping is fast enough . i received this item in days .
this was a gift for a friend ad she loved these earrings . they arived quickly and were in perfect condition .
just right !
i love the comfort color tees . they always fit right and as they get older the more comfortable they get .
this works awesome and keeps the flawless operaton of the computer and attachments free of spikes and burnouts from surge .
i have been waiting for ever to get hbo go on my kindle fire and now it is here yea
so happy to see a book with horse's like my horse lost wind . lol great work love it good book
it is soft and my daughter sleeps with it every night . i would recommend to any one to buy this
a good short book that provides ample exercises to help individuals interested in the art of improv .
i am using these to make gifts . they are large enough and strong enough for what i wanted them for .
great fun to play . good graphics . easy to earn rewards . addictive . lots of different pets not just dogs and cats .
it's a nick cage classic ! holly hunter ain't bad either . lot's and lots of laughs
i loved the book
dvd set received in excellent condition as described . fast delivery . would buy again . thank you .
great product for the !
great cd , filled with a balance of praise and worship . very easy going and enjoyable .
my year old grandson loves this toy . for the price , lights would have been nice .
i ordered my grandson three of these for his birthday . he absolutely loves them . this was a very good buy .
kids love it . i don't have to worry about putting it on and leaving them alone to watch it . great .
it was more then i expected , very challenging , it was delivered earlier then said i liked that , very pleased
i liked the shoes and was given great customer service .
luckily my daughter does well in any brand diapers ! i love huggies snugglers and would recommend them to anyone !
wow what a great read . this author has become a favorite of mine fast . i could not put it down .
can't go wrong with built products . looks good . good quality . easy to carry without hurting your fingers on the handle .
a lot of the information is important things one should know before embarking on their first book . good job ladies !
this is very cute and style is greati love it allotgoo buy thisadd to ur style
excellent
glad i found this since i lost my original one . works the way it is supposed to and arrived quickly .
i own two other pairs in different colors . these are my favorite boxers . i would highly recommend these to anyone .
like all of haba's stuff , this is high quality , durable , and beautiful . it's not cheap , but it's worth it .
one of the most comfortable pair of sunglasses . durable and look great . cant go wrong with oakleys . best buy ever
great little book that restores your faith in , what love your neighbor , means . i would highly recommend it for everyone . yes .
large poster and excellent quality . definitely for anyone who is a fan of the series . worth the price i paid .
ordered this as a spare for my aquabot t so i could clean other bag at my leisure . works great .
the item is as described all the clothes i have bought from the calvin klein have normal fit . thanks
very good . a must to read . couldn't put it down after starting to read it until i was finishes . .
these storage containers are a must have for crafting . i purchased two sizes and use them all of the time .
the book is educational and tells an intriguing story of the roman empire in which livia plays an important role .
this checks were an excellent , much faster alternative to using deluxe . however , i wish the bottom rd had been colored .
hands down , one of the best books that i have ever read . i loved it !
i love it , this hat is exactly what i ordered , color is just as pictured and the fit is great .
great story line , but was unnecessarily lengthy wordy in five chapters . i skipped over without losing context . i call them fillers
great item . very well made . i feel like i stole this item for all i had to pay for it .
soft basic blanket . haven't had any problems with it and have owned two years now .
the produt arrived in record time . everything works as promised . these accessories make a nice added gift to a kindle .
hadn't worn pantyhose in years after living in very hot climates . thanks for the right color hose at a great price !
great follow up to part one .
though a little bit large but it is still comfortable to wear
i enjoyed the flutes and relaxing music and nature sounds mixed in to the music . almost forgot the time listening
loveit . amazing when u get the app . . colors r beautiful and my kids love it . fun toy to have
helps with bunion pain , but won't correct the bunions .
the song miracles , on the red octopus albums is one of the best , since the jefferson airplane's , white rabbit , days .
perfect fit for a larger person easy to set up tried it in the house before using it camping great
this show just keeps going love it to death ! , great show great plots great story what more can i say
i wear this ring all the time it reminds me of the sacrifice our fellow service men endured in wwii .
i looked a long time to find this movie in stores . wonderful performance by taraji henson of a mothers determination .
the book arrived actually even sooner than i expected . it was a great buy and all is well , no complaints . thx
thrilling reliving it . great work , guys . i am now dying for the start of the new season tonight . go card !
sandisk gb usb works flawlessly , great tool to save and transfer programs , i would buy it again , thanks ,
gracias iexcl
lots of flags in four different colors . plus it includes a highlighter with mini flags attached . it's exactly as expected .
got for my husband , he is enjoying it . was easy to put together , but the directions could have been clearer
jasmine taste is pronounced , tea is refreshing , it is as good as any jasmine green i have tried
timi yuro has a voice that transcends the ages . not many can sing like she did .
it's a great album . the only thing that could have made it better is more tracks .
it's interesting on how he can sometimes make the parody better than the original !
as always works at my own expectations , i bought already and gave away as a gift . i love it .
i hoped this hole punch would be small enough to make my own earring cards . it is the perfect size .
entertaining , but to much explicit sex for me . its not romance just sex without feeling spirital in the soul .
candid , fascinating personal account of one man's life changing near death experience . loved it .
the quality is great for a newcomer and it made a pleasing gift , works well with computers and records great .
fantastic pens and they look great !
quick and easy read . straight to the point . relateable by both men and women . good compliment to free online quiz .
this is perfect for storage and the keurig setup , i 'd the stand and love the convenience of the drawers !
very happy with my order and this is a great book
works well and has a great price . will definetly buy again . don't waste your money cables .
there are lots of methods and also games for helping a new group to bond . it's a quick read too .
really enjoyed , thought i figured it out , but was wrong . love suspense . i need to find more like this one .
purchased based on recommendation from expensive jewelry store and use a toothbrush to clean my rings and necklaces . works great !
don't take this on a long flight to australia . you'll keep everyone awake with the belly laughs that bryson provides
i received the movies in good condition and will watch them even in the summer time . i love old movies .
it is excellent , plus stars and above . i listen to it all the time and it is great .
great book to show my daughter a little about where i'm from
great book for a variety .
couldn't put it down . i purchased all three in this series plus a western by mr smiga . , very talented author ,
an amazing steal . with bioshock losing gfwl , k gives you the expansion minerva's den at no cost . good deal .
got to me very quick !
this item was great for the humidor i made . this solution is easy to use and lasts a long time .
work well and they look stylish and go on easy and are easy to install and a great price also
good product , well worth it . i also got another fancier one and this does the trick at half the price .
good value dealer part is times the money but this part is noisy compared to oridginal equipment
good insight into world politics in the middle east . europe will be an important player in the outcome with iran .
i enjoy astrology . this is great ! this ap shows your sun sign by decant . it is more focused this way .
i really enjoy listening to music with them . really awesome and would recommend to everyone for their enjoyment love love
applying the film was little difficult . the instructions weren't obvious . other than that product is good . got ti for t i .
a perfect gift for anyone who loves the transformers . my nephew was delighted ! feels good to give gifts they love !
perfect
concise and timely for today's christian who desires answers to and about prayer . days to a better prayer life
very entertaining .
this was a textbook for my mom . she did very well in the class and this book was very helpful .
perfect , easy to search , i love this
came in the mail in perfect condition . not as thick a book as i expected but still a fun read
i really enjoy this game . the levels get harder the further you go but they aren't to hard to beat !
good for young children . highly recommend .
quot peut tre demain quot quot pourrons nous vivre quot quot libres . quot
i love alexander mccall smith's writing style , his insights , his humor and the way he ties together seemingly disconnected tangents
wonderful book . no complaints and now i'm just filling up space to satisfy the word allowance for this post . bye .
nice little book . easy to take with you . definatly worth the price .
not only is does this cable work perfectly but it also has a nice color to it . very good investement !
i am still laughing in june , so i'd say it was worth the cost .
i love this cd . i love the old songs with the jars of clay style . this is my favorite cd !
they are the greatest slippers . warm , comfortable , and the soles are durable for going outside .
bought of these for some asus eee boxes . work great , haven't had any problems .
these shoes are great , they are light , they have good support . love them . what a good value an excellent shoe .
keeps me safe when i'm traveling . this is an awesome product . i highly recommend to everyone w a cell phone !
this new printhead fixed a problem we were having with our printer , but now everything seems to be working fine .
thank you for the great product and service ! the clipper is easy to use and works great on my dogs .
i bought these to tighten my wrist . they are simple , confortable , and affordable , and do what they're supposed to do
helps with my eyes , redness , dryness , fatigued feeling in eyes . all in all , works quite well .
this case is great . fit is perfect would recommend to everyone
disk played with no issues
lots of great tips and advice about all sorts of baby products . very helpful for st time parents !
i burn this everyday . i don't like perfumey incense but this is pleasant . even my friend with asthma likes it .
compact and easily installed and worked immediately with mac's time machine . the usb connection is fast enough for general use .
i bought one set for children to share . it is a great value .
great color scheme ! unfortunately i had to upgrade to a so i cant use it , but i loved it
great product ! slight delay . seconds when starting a new song , but smooth transitions when continiously playing . really amazing technology .
. what else would you expect from lucky ! lucky meand more words . you'll love them , i swear
it came in on time and case was well made
well done . looking forward for more books with jim chee , joe leaphorn and bernie . a really great job . thank you .
this book along with quot measure for measure quot make a great pair . good reference for the home and briefcase library .
happy with tabletsl very nice just as advertised . . . . . . . . . . . . .
excellent quality . arrived a head of schedule . we made texas cookies for my husband for christmas . he really loved them .
this book makes me want to visit the people of nubri . geoff is an inspiring writer .
i love the simplicity of this movie . it's just a boy and a girl , some twists and altimately love respect honor .
review though the book is really short . though there was a lot of action in it . get the book
the shoes are comfortable and very nice . the only problem the shipping to spain is too expensive
color is great , heel height great , shipped quickly , comfortable to wear , bulk fits perfectly , no more to say but great
needed this for all this hd photos that i was taking . high pixel hd photos take a lot of space .
im glad i ordered this went without one that fits for to long it fits just like the original one
as expected
this electric wine bottle opener is easier than any other device i've ever used , it's one of my fun toys !
i wanted this wen i saw it on yu gi oh season n now i got in my collection !
excellent lotion , covers all types of uv rays and waterproof . banana boat is a good brand with a good reputation .
this is a really great app ! works very well . i have not experienced any glitches . i highly recommend this app !
good book , bought for a friend . if you are into dj culture , worth the . j dilla rest in beats !
i accidentally walked through the heart of cabrini green once .
i bought this game for my grandson's birthday . he is crazy about it . my grandson is yrs old .
we had a baby months ago and love these rechargeable batteries for all the toys we have . thank you !
perfect for playing corn hole ! the bags are a good quality and regulation size . wish i had ordered another set .
this book actually helped me to get more customers ! thanks sam for sharing your great insights !
it is a great product and i am using it for all out cooking and baking needs around the kitchen .
product was delivered in great condition and in a timely manner . will defienly use this person in the future .
god i fell in love with devil . i loved this book and read it over and over again .
so far , i like these boots . they aren't wearing excessively fast and are comfortable to wear , which is very important .
i purchased this shirt for my son . it fits perfect and his new favorite ! great quality and style of shirt . thanks .
arrived fast and it was indeed a new copy
i bought this particular ddr because it matches the stock one i have for my laptop and it works perfectly .
first time ordering from this company . the battery worked great . fast service . i would buy products from this company again .
great game a little harder on the ds then the other systems , but my son really enjoyed it
well written . kept you wondering what would happen .
perfect for marine use . couldn't go without this .
just right for the price fit exactly and has a few marks like factory seconds but who cares for
works great ! heavy , but seems quality built . i only wish i'd have had it sooner .
we are very happy with the coaster wood glass . now want to buy little bigger then rhat how many lines
glad i could revisit my old games !
the further i got into this book , the more i liked it and the characters inside . the optimism is infectious .
very useful tool for all kind of usage , and specially as it said for a one man brake bleeding application .
convient and strong an strong in my everyday use its real leather plus beautiful i recommend anybody for this case
good stuff i like it .
perfect size with great detail !
the best book in its field . readable for the non expert and full of clear explanations of art history and interpretation .
great story line with three dimensional , realistic characters . i cared about them and would love a sequel ! very entertaining book .
great game ! xcom series is the best , this game is just one more example of a fanistic game series . buy !
it makes remote meetings a snap . i wish there was one in every office .
i love this little flashlight . it is the brightest i know of powered by a singlecr a battery . love it !
works perfectly .
this is a great book . i like the conversations . there are too many of those , but the book is great !
love this one ! awesome to read ! i would definitey suggest this to anyone wanting a warm feeling for true romance !
just as promised , a great design and function as promised . would recommended to my mother or my mother in law .
this is an awesome movie and no vietnam war era library would be complete without it .
love it ! great deal , great price , great quality ! fast delivery !
delivey was good with in time promised , boots fit perfectly true to size i love blowfish shoes , they are comfortable
i've had these headphones for a few weeks now and really love them , especially for the price .
very good . love the music and aura . the story is sad . never had to read it in school . oh well
i love how the flavor and aroma of oranges and spice taste so good and smell great . love this tea
i loved it , kept you on your toes the whole book . city princess meets city bad boy . romantic yet enticing
this was a good shoe and it fit just right . i just started running and i am happy with it .
great game for the kids . they definitely enjoy it . content in my choice as a gift for a birthday present .
living a gluten free , dairy free , egg free , soy free and nut free life is hard . the recipes are tasty
a heart warming story for anyone who has been in love and where things don't work out immediately as planned .
loved it
bought this to keep the cats out of my garden . works great ! also used for my cucumbers . and all my trailing veggies !
we purchased of these a few weeks ago and they are both working great .
the triplets love little disney people and these complete the set . fun to watch three mo old girls play .
i liked the app . it is like a challenge . but it was fun and fast . it feels like your being timed !
it came in and was just the perfect size have it hung up in my room . the material is great .
these were way bigger than i thought they would be and made very well ! i love this seller !
this was a fabulous book . i really enjoyed the read . it was a good ending to the series . recommend it .
it was very intriguing ! kept me wanting more . had to keep reading . wanted to know what happened next .
comfortable and durable . nice length for a tall guy . i plan to buy these in other colors to be sure .
this clock perfectly suits my needs it features large , easy to read numbers in a cheerful rainbow of colors . we love it !
i love watching this guy . it seems like he's always about to explode on every topic . more words required
this is the best almond butter ! it has no sugar . no additives . no preservatives . nothing funky . just almonds . simply delicious !
very soft sheets , my girls love these !
i am enjoying all doc martin seasons via prime on my kindle via instant video , looking forward to season
i always get compliments on it its super cute just not protective . just be careful not to scratch it . love
really like this software , i use it regularly for almost anything
a very nice combo . most pens are all in black inkthe finger grip makes the pen so comfortable to write
i could not sleep for wanting to finish the story . and my heart quickened for the end . very good read .
whole series has been goo thus far , it is nice to have others on hand for when i finish one .
very pretty especially with my dark hair i definetly will stand out in a crowd pretty durable as well thanks
this scale does everything it claims to do and quickly . i love the step on start and large display .
great . my bose headphones are reborn .
works great so far . been using it for over mo . and no issues yet . would recommend to a friend .
very interesting story and twist . i would recommend to anyone that loves novels . i wish the book was longer .
who would have thought that a book written years ago , would apply to today's america ? suggest everyone read it .
works good in the shower .
its a nice design and great fit . the description said to size up and i did and it fits perfect
if you like the faces or the stones , you will love this original soundtrack chocked to brim with funky instrumentals .
the claw could swivel and had a joint . that's all i need to say , but they want more words . done
muy bonito bien confeccionado todo muy bueno , funcionales buenos para regalos y para los dias de navidad los recomiendo mucho
nice .
the guy i gave it to loved it ! it looks like a fish and the material is really nice too
easy fun and easy to play like it a lot works for every one fun and easy to play
you see what happens when the fire burns inside ! a cyclon by chicago
these work well with my daughter's cards and she loves them .
if been ridin for years and these are the best bearings i have ever came across . i recommend these bearings .
nice looking curtains but over priced can get them cheaper on itsy and puck your grommet color
the seller was very prompt with delivery and the entire transaction went perfect . overall , i was very satisfied ! thanks .
star trek is the future on display for all generations . they explore unknown places and worlds that spur most imaginations .
the diy power peel leaves skin looking and feeling great . i use x times and my skin couldn't be happier .
it is very great use it use it every day , also works as a styling product will buy it again
pretty swell . fits plenty if you know what i mean . my child loves it and loves cleaning up . thanks spongebob !
wonderful , touching story that embraces the true meaning of the holiday season ! this story is absolutely beautiful ! more ! more ! more !
i like the characters ! enjoy jumping through time and going to famous timelines ! like the scenes of london . cute show .
i am a leo and she hit the nail on the head .
finally a new band with some catchy lyrics and a nice beat you can listen to . i highly recommend fun .
this is the cadilac of can openers . cuts them open like butter . bought this for my yr old mother . highly recommend .
feels so soft ! very durable sweatshirt ! my husband loved it ! would order more ! def recommend to other customers out there !
really a good look into mel's life , very entertaining funny at times . loved it !
thank youi found a book that spoke to me on many levels . it read very real . i am grateful .
mmmmmmmmmmmmm great flavor in the torani line . highly recommended as a coffee additive or for when blending frappes , or smoothies .
used this apt my grandsons baseball game . really nice
it was a . decent read . it was very meaningful to me . my sunday . school teacher . would be proud . thank you .
characters are nicely developed and the writing is unique . fun and entertaining . i would recommend it to all age groups .
short , simple , sad . amazing story . a children's tale written for an adult audience i hate the ending so much . a must !
important lessons from a very knowledgeable man who did not hesitate to share his wisdom . i must highly recommend this book .
buenisimas las fotos , imagenes maravillosas de mucha calidad y los colores espectaculares , recomendable para fotografos novatos , ademas muy buen precio .
shipper was great . so was item . highly recommend the gb . added some needed space to my samsung galaxy tab . .
nice and sturdy , good for cats or small dogs . the price is right and the color options are pretty nice .
in love !
i love it
outstanding !
this is proper house music at it's finest . a must have for all house music fans . just beautiful .
great book , as is the whole series . good way to introduce young children to spiders without fear negative mythology . well done .
well done ! can't wait for more ! just wonderful ! love these characters . makes you feel everything the character is going through .
lots of fun for ages ! does have small parts , so be careful around the little ones .
very good book . i found it very helpful .
good boots for the price .
we are very pleased with the sony hd tv . it arrived promptly , well packaged and works beautifully .
my sister loved this neckalace . i thought the pendant would be a little smaller , but overall still pretty .
perfect , just like the original , if you need a new one this is the way to go ! it fits great
scary summer quick read
both in dire straits to make the marriage work despite the truths the letters did not reveal well challenged to succeed !
you've come this far . believe the hype . buy this . enough said .
the writing , actors , and timing was great . all around must see for those who need a dose of inspiration . great great .
this application is the time to purchase and sit up . it keeps track of all you personal accounts and passwords .
i have one word to describe this cd excellent . as always jill delivered did not disappoint me .
my cats really love the laser toy and it gives them a good workout chasing the light around the room .
bought this for a device i already have . have not yet had a need to use one , so that's all .
it's the only product that works for me . i have tried everythings . helps my pain no matter where its at
super . nice jeans , good fabric . keep in mind that you need to take one size smaller from your usual size .
excellent . great acting . can't wait for more seasons ! captivating storyline and intense music is perfect . way better than dexter !
brings back memories , and it's nice to find these old songs once again to relive the past and your youth .
perfect fit and could not ask for any better quality product . thanks
i have read each and every one of his books and he still writes a good tale
lost nineteen pounds in months . first month i was on the daniel fast , and continued on it adding meat
love the cover . have seen these before on other phones and i love them . actually met all my needs . thanks
received the book in a good time . surprised that there was writing on it and was graded on it too .
have not made bug spray with it yet , but this product is definitely legitimate essential oil blend .
simple and fun . highly addictive ! have a really hard time putting the game down . great exercise for your great matter
if you are looking for a flashlight that is not just one plain light this is the app for you .
awesome series and tatiana is incredible in each role . great plot twists and character development . it's definitely a must watch .
it is one of the best book on astrology . beautiful . full of deep insights on human psyche . helped me a great deal
my daughter and i love trying to figure out how the words are related . this is a great brain game .
this is a fabulous game to play and very relaxing . i just wish they would come out with another one .
good for the price but ordered wrong size
i bought this for my friend so he can enjoy eating again . it was a gift given from the heart .
i have read this book twice now and it's a masterpiece stars all the way . good job brad meyer !
i love this album . better enjoy it at silent night , alone or with someone you love .
indie rock has never been better . a rockin' song is always better , as i say . good beat , great riff . .
loved the arthur's court punch bowl . shipping was great . couldn't have been easier . ja
perfect
typical child style , great read . jack reacher does it again , leaving you wanting more and waiting for the next adventure .
the color and the material give a great look to these shoes . excellent choice for a weekend or a casual reunion
love the zipbuds . i bought for my wife and so far love them . good sound quality , cool look .
makes my kindle easy to hold and use love the color too it is also great because it stands up .
awesome overview of real estate investinggood both for beginner and intermediate investorsgood figures and easy to readdefinitely recommend !
great product . looks great and i also use them as placemats . the color is greatand easy to use for cutting .
my daughter loves this game and is improving her spanish in a fun , practical way .
great seller and quick shipment . movie was very good except there was no puccini in it !
had to replace a difficult tire . everywhere was more expensive and inconvenient than amazon . got me back on the road .
my grandson thinks this game is awesome and has been enjoying it very much .
i love this music and this band . i can't understand why thy don't get more air time on christian radio .
this is the perfect size and looks great in our kitchen . application was very easy . i would purchase this again !
great book . wanted to read it before the movie . made me tear up . i recommend this book a must . a
overall a good product at a great price compared to others in the market . worked as expected no issues . would buy again .
they're socks , they keep your feet warm . i wear them with sandals , looks weird , but i'm a weird guy .
more fun than candy crush saga !
sizing for australia is different but another person posted the size comparison , thank you to them
this book was awesome i loved reading it and j am very picky very good book should definitely read it
if you were to buy one book for feng shui reference , this is the only one to buy .
what a wonderful voice ! this cd is best played loud . her voice is so pure it gives me goose bumps !
i would suggest everyone buy this book ! its greeat , and the pictures are truly unique .
very nice , well made , easy to use bib's . i like the velcro closure better than using a clip on holder .
what a treasure ! ben model has resurrected these wonderful and very inventive comedies . grab these while they are still available !
great action and suspense , and a very cool twist combination of grimms fairy tales with modern day detective crime solving .
very happy with my purchase
great product . this is the rd time i buy my son lined crocs . perfect wearin inside the house on winter !
worked perfect on our shop vac and was great to clean new wood floors .
francis ray did it again ! the suspense kept me turning the page . i'm glad it worked out at the end .
just like the one from the tv series . very high quality , print is solid and the material is heavy cotton
this wine opener is a nice addition to any kitchen or bar . it makes a great gift !
i was hesitant to buy this , but was not disappointed . it is a beautiful piece and i enjoy wearing it .
cleans well , smells nice and best of all doesn't dry out my dog's skin
best software product that i bought . it handles all my checking needs . love the product .
loved the christmas songs that was covered in this album ! it is a must have if you're a glee fan !
i can go to the gym and sweat for an hour and i will still smell amazing . love this stuff !
dont know why you need threepros . fits perfectly . easy to apply . not bubble . it's a pack . very fast deliveryconsnone yet
overall good entertainment
good sequel to a great first novel in this series , if you enjoyed the first then pick this up too .
very inspiring . this books give you hope and an a good out look on a difficult experience . humorous when needed .
i use these bags in every load of wash i do . especially for delicate washing . good product . i like it
great value for your money . they are elegant , comfortable and very pretty shoes . great for school pictures , concerts and church .
ordered these for my daughter who is expecting baby anytime . looked like a great product to me . we'll see .
great transaction . good book for architecture majors or professionals . required for class but a quality book .
i loved this book . the arrangement always keeps you hanging wanting more always wondering . i can't wait for .
i heard the cd dreaming and thought it was great ! i can't imagine he had such a beautiful voice .
beautiful . it was given as a gift and was loved . would recommend it . it was received very quickly as well .
the book was very well written and different from most books i have read . i would recommend it !
this cover for the keyboard fits the mac book retina display keyboard perfectly , it seems very durable , easy to clean
i wish they still made this ! it is the scent that i wore for years , and my daughter loves it .
this is a good movie to get so you can have some fun and maybe learn some things of past
my neice really likes the daryl dixon action figure . she is a really big fan of the walking dead series .
a must read ! romantic , spicy . downright delicious ! jenna and michael's story will captivate you . i read it in one sitting .
saw this with the book , listened to a sample , purchased it and love it more than i hoped i would .
interesting and exciting stories . educational as well . not only for boys . i watch it together with my two girls . love it .
very beautiful book bag , received many compliments , but not a very large bag . love the color !
love this song as it brings me back to a time that was a lot less stressful . really good album
was more fun then i expected . could stand easily and the weapons were in great shape . color details were perfect .
this was just what i wanted to get for my husband and he lives it . the engraving was very good
always loved this song , and group . recording sounds like it made with a cheap casette player with just one try .
awesome cd all arrangements were awesome everything is awesome . id go out get this cd right away .
excellent series . can't wait to read more . love the characters , their humanity and the classc conflict of good versus evil !
good value for the money classic clint !
fun and light to watch
tried out the pliers and they work great for braided line , the crimpers worked very well for small diameter wire
silky smooth comfort at an affordable price . long staple fibers do not break down and pill . delighted with this purchase !
a good read , full of excitement . very entertaining . keeps the reader on edge at all times . never a dull moment .
great product , worked better than expected and no sharp edges or food to clean off the cutter . better than electric !
was a little worried about this product , but they work just the way they should and what a savings .
it is a good size and does exact as i need while protecting my phone and making it look good .
i'm using these in my home smoke detectors with no issues . i would buy this product again . they're priced right .
i am ready for winter with the spiced chai , but i didn't know that it comes with large containers
very confortable flats . second timei buy this pair of shoes and love the design and the square shape . !
i love it ! will be one i read again . look forward to the next book . read it in days
i purchased this as a present and my buddywas really happy with the product . i believe it is a good kit .
just what every samsung galaxy note needs to keep it scratch free and looking just like new for wow !
so sad . why do the good guys have to die ? i hope the neck molly finds happiness in book .
exactly as ordered . have been wearing this very same shoe for twenty years . this is my th pair .
very uplifting . i recommend this to everyone . a feel good book . look forward to reading more books like this one .
my nephew loves his nonny doll ! it is really cute and the perfect size .
i think that is the best holder that we buy , hard and flexible for my tablet on my car . thanks
this book gives a fascinating and informative insight into voodoo , zombies and haitian magic beliefs . a very good reference work .
very nice assortment will come in handy for testing charging or any voltjobs i have would buy again
very good product but is not scratch resistant and is plastic . very functional as a stylus and is very sensitive .
i love the approach ! cleaning with no harsh chemicals around my toddler son and our pets . looking forward to cleaning !
i love it , it's very handy . easy access on the ipad . it's worth buying the book .
weather i am having a hard time falling asleep or doing yoga or meditating this is my favorite background noise .
perfect ! if you looking for best one ? this is exactly what you needyou dont miss this great chance to buy
cant complain for its price point and delivery chargesbuy it while you can . dun regret . very bed sheets .
i wanted to see the end of the book immediately , yet i did not want to pass over any part .
the book arrived on time . although there is little damage near the edge corner of the book , it is acceptable .
i arrive on time and perfect all excellent , for the birthday of my daughter seven years meet on december
great game . tons of fun . super monopoly . same style but much different approach to than monopoly . you wont be disappointed .
solid , good quality and weight . i would highly recommend this product to anyone looking to purchase this type of ring .
so , i just heard about the game from a friend , and i'm hooked . i absolutely love it !
great product offical nfl patch just like player wore on field easy to put on jersey gives jersey extra flare
i had used many screen protection , and this is the best used . easy to apply without touching or bubbles .
great for raw . files . fast transfering of information good price . compared to othersi recommend . it . for d mark ii
omg this is really good its fit my cousin very well . he's really like it i tank you so much !
it's exactly as advertized very handy when you are on airline flights or in overly heated rooms . price was competitive .
interesante desde la primera p aacute gina hasta el final . no mu . estras q existe el amor verdadero , aunque sea en un libro .
looks great
great cover . fancy but nothing sticks out that may break . my favorite cover of several and the easiest to use .
it doe fits very well . it is like in the pictures so pretty and so classy . it is so comfortable .
it wasn't the exact color i was looking for but it will do and i will use it ! great price
great replacement for factory speakers actually theses performed better and above and beyond then died ever expected them to be
i highly recommend this book . i've had incredible results . it's so easy , simple and very inexpensive .
bought headphones for grandson . he said these are the best headphones you can get . the sound they produice is fantastic .
sticks with the general theme of the batman movies pretty good story line , good special effects , really cool batman toys .
great
its refreshing to see the lighter side of politics . i sometimes believe this is more true to life than comedy
just the right size for what i wanted . i love the designs . packaging was well done , no problems .
will use them as a cake decoration for a client . great quality and detail . fair price . vintage look makes them unique .
this movie was awesome . definitely read the plot summary beforehand . it was the best part . you can not go wrong .
i really enjoyed this cd listing to the piano classics by henry mancini . he has a way with the piano .
very clear . mutes when supposed to mute . like a volume control too that's nice feature . two thumbs up
the quality is excellent for the price . the stylus pen is an extra bonus that i have never used before .
what a wild look into the world of the carnaval life , this book was a real thrill .
on time . great product !
a little large for a belt buckle , but it's a flask and it holds what it needs to hold well .
it is good one and useful . a lot of tools can use and i love it . great bamboo . thank you .
a must read for women everywhere . a call to change our culture , become our authentic selves , and support one another !
best scale for espresso measuring . rugged and reliable and very accurate
awesome sunglasses , stylish and unique ! michael kors has outdone himself with these sunglasses . my wife wears them all the time .
the blower works great out of the bow just add fuel . i love tanaka products and this is no different
interesting and thought provoking . well substantiated investigative work .
just the glasses i wanted . they made a great gift .
an excellent portrayal of intelligence and cunning by sean connery . the movie is both exciting and thought provoking , very entertaining .
shipped very quickly . very beautiful ring , came in a very nice container . can't wait to give this to my girlfriend .
good for keeping dogs out of garbage and as a one place to stop for two items , garbage and recyclables .
well written , good story . well acted , good action , believable plot , and conclusion . i'd watch it again ! , fits into today's world issues . jjriolo aol . com
a fun book to read . my yo had no trouble reading it and we both thoroughly enjoyed it together .
excellent show but short season . wish there were more shows . i'm ready for the new season to start any time .
never tried a ddr game before . had lots of fun with this one .
cannot put it down .
makes an excellent addition to my funko pop collection ! jasmine looks exactly as pictured and is so cute to display .
i have been taking nature's plus for over a year and i feel more energetic .
it does the job i needed it to do . however , i've always kind'a liked western digital better than any other .
good game . works like one on the computer . could be a little better , but still a game to get .
light weight recommend for adult look cant wait for my friend susie to see them i hope she likes them
easy to put up with . non intrusive unlike some other programs . would recommend it to anyone . love it , love it
beautiful watch . exactly as described . much better price than available locally . my rd citizen quality in a fine looking timepiece .
super product . easy to install . highly recommend . you might want ac adapter for longer playing time . is still great without it .
i love my new box chain , i did'nt get it until christmas ! it's perfect ! it goes great with a cross
this levi's shirt fits as expected in a small man , in an average body fits tightened , the colors are pretty .
this jacket exceeded our expectations . nicely made , true to size , as described , great price , great gift ! you won t be disappointed .
very sturdy and solid . does its job in an excellent way and take away the staples like charm . . .
great case , soft on the inside hard outside . pretty .
a very simple to understand , helpful resource for students who need to improve their writing skills
got my interest kept it . liked the character development . enjoyed the hell out of the ending . really good read .
my dad got one for me and so i bought a pair for my in laws !
good i don't want to write a review . it's a good read . but it and read it . end of story .
great !
amazing duo , love the classics and the rock and roll !
this product does exactly what it should for a great price ! it does not obstruct the screen in any way .
any fan of general hospital will love this book . it surely is a must read ! you will enjoy ! drew henley
i used this mount with the 'bean bag' type dashboard platform . no issues . stays put . very happy with the product .
ordered two of these and i love them !
fast , easy to use , easy to read and reply or forward . can even have accounts . works great on kindle fire .
good size , can fit water bottle and thermos and food . easy to carry and very stylish . very happy with it .
nice unit like it real well is just to small but that was my mistake should have at least gotten a
of course the cd is great every song . i purchased this to have a digital copy of my wax album .
this was well worth the price , and i received it very quickly . i would recommend it to anyone and everyone .
great
not much to it , but its a cute kids bookmaterial feels high quality
one of the best stories ever . i have all of the stories and the video too . loved them all
great shoe , bright yellow , great fit , stayed tied which for boys is a huge plus . they run true to size .
i got a bunch of these and they work perfectly . enjoy .
love this holder ! perfect size for magazines and or books . finish looks great and it stays in place on the tank !
yes , i would buy it again for my next phosbans . cant go wrong unless you cut them wrong the wrong way .
i really like this shirt . its very comfortable and cute and the material is good too . def a good buy .
the movie is interesting to watch and funny at the same time . these two make a great couple in movies
for the price quality was very good ! think they will be fine !
this is a pretty fun game ! i like being able to play it whenever i want ! it's great and entertaining !
this product has kept me from calling to have my septic system cleaned every year , i will always use rid x
entertainment , excitement , educational . this is my favorite go to show when i want to indulge myself . fewer calories than potato chips !
pants were perfect , shirt is a tad small but still works i love it well worth the wait
like
its awsome goes under water protects my phone . its worth the money because of the many features that is has .
great gloves . fit is superb the grippy front is very nice also . very well made . i highly recommend these gloves .
this is a wonderful product to help rejuvenate the lips . i have been using it for about years .
i love to play bingo and this app is fun and keeps my bingo addiction in check . i recommend it .
washes well nice material , but thankful for other reviewers runs really small so be sure to size up sizes .
fantastic film . the beginning of the series . the sweetest of them all . and really well done .
life saver for using ipad for streaming radio and increasing volume , carrying to various locations without needing to move ipad
it's fantastic ! carl cox is still one of the best dj's of his time ! love it !
what a great way to continue the legacies ! some very shocking scenes , but i can't wait for the next book !
i love opi . this color is perfect for spring or summer ! shipping was fast . and looks great on !
it was very suspenseful and amazingly awesome ! i would totally recommend this to whoever needs a good series to read .
i purchased for my mother's tablet . she loved it ! this case fit her tablet perfectly . i would purchase again !
my navy son loved this set , and was impressed with the history . goes well with the rest of his collection .
very nice product no problem with it . protect we'lllook very fence andgood pricei recommend itthanks elago
i gave this bulova to my wife this christmas . the mother of pearl face and wrist band are very stylish .
works perfect for my phone and ps controllers and chromecast . and it's longer than the cords that came with them .
good value for users of keurig machine . black tea a great way to start the day . arrives ready to use .
it has helped me organize my garage . my bins are a bit larger than the cart , but it still works .
i ordered this to upgrade my computer . i completed the task . it worked as expected . i give it five stars .
this is not . rubberizedi'm not happy with this casethe description said it was a rubberized coatingwas not
good read and helpful hints on taking online courses . very good for new students and returning students to online education
i'm old school i like analog gauges . also , all the info i need is provided and easy to read .
great av quality at a great price !
very well constructed and very fun ! worth the . would recommend to others . my girls play on it every day !
the shoe seems comfortable . i have not worn it outdoors yet , only around the house on carpet .
it's what i needed . works fine
yay , nocking points . hard to get all jittery over them , they work nicely , crimp on solidly . wow , four more little words .
the kids loved it , they keep watching it over and over . it is one of their favorite blu rays .
only one word needed
mahjong towers touch is a very nice app that has beautiful graphics and i spend many hours playing this app ,
very nice money tray with even cent pieces my daughter had never saw one of those . great gift .
my son got this for me as a gift and i love it ! i never use my ipad without it
keeps coffee hot for many hours and is upper rack dishwasher safe !
the color choices are cool it protects my tracfone from getting scratched or messed up .
i love it . its wonderful by swiming , running and walking . its only trouble is this walkman isolate of the enviroment .
interesting show ! really pulls you in ! great combination of character development and suspenseful plot twists . i would definitely recommend it !
my windows needed a little more light , and these decorations were perfect . i had many compliments , they looked so cute .
i'm very happy with my new receiver .
it always helpful to knowthe weather conditions of a city before l get there so l know how to dress .
to fully appreciate this novel life experience is required . however , everyone should enjoy the prose and the colorful characters . enjoy .
good pen for taking notes , i think f wll be better if you want practice your hand writing . looks durable
really enjoyed how archie came to new york and liked the way all the major nero wolfe characters were introduced .
like this game keeps you wanting to go see what the next level has in store . would recommend to others
length and heft are about perfect . sharpens up nice and holds an edge . half the price of the brand names
love the game . this is a great game to play , for adults and kids . i play all day . can't get enough .
works perfectly .
love this stuff . was so happy amazon had it at a considerable savings from the salon shelf .
looks great keeps my phone in good working order . it's not slippery so i can hold onto my phone better .
excellet
purchased this shirt for my grandson for christmas . the quality is very good and washes great . my grandson loves it .
great product . great quality . exactly what told in the specification . wrapping and packaging was great . grams vinyls are with excellent quality
very very nice led light . especially when i ride my road bike at night . thanks fibre flare
highly recommend ! nice and snug , comfortable . i would definitely suggest this for climates in the degrees and below range .
very nice , got it for honeymoon
bought the game and several books ! keeps him occupied and happy ! he loves to sit and read on my kindle .
excellent series ! must watch ! looking forward to the new season coming out next summer ! long live and jack bauer !
absolutely amazing , my plants look great in this tank . you can use it for anything , it is affordable and pretty .
likes very much exactly what i ordered fits my phone great i love love love it thank you very much
nice padding and very stylish . mets my needs perfectly . great for all ages . th purple is a very pretty color
i enjoyed the book very much . all of my friend enjoyed it also . we all liked hjer writing so much
very , very comfortable . exceptionally well they are made . pricing could not compare with retail stores . very pleased . true fit
was a christmas present and couldn't find it anywhere else . granddaughter loved it and was very happy with the toy .
this record is just gorgeous fantastic cello playing soulful and expressive i never knew cello could be so awesome .
i bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them . he practically wears them everywhere .
this guy has some good ideas about evolving a company's kw technology . useful as a textbook .
nd banjo for son and he seems to like it ! the wood is beautiful and it sounds great !
i love this book , it is very clear with lots of details too !
this cd is awesome , by far stabbing westward's best cd . i'm very happy to have it back in my collection .
have read this book many times love the way peter treats summer he doesnt quote the bible he lives it
it was really fun and me and my sister said i love this game . coolawesomeamazingradcrazymost fun everlov the game
very cute braceletlove all the options as charms . the price was very reasonable . can wear it anytime , anywhere . definetly worth buying
i loved the tips ! it would be great for girls and boys ! i even found some useful tips for myself !
excellent book in excellent price ! most of leonardo's masterpieces in one book . anatomia , war machines , art etc .
this is the first book i have read by this author . it was a quick read , fun and very entertaining .
item great
perfect size . true to its color . it matches the turquoise bag from laurel sunset . highly recommend for spring summer nights !
it's cute and easy to use . but it's a little big for my daughter , she is months' old now .
fairly durable , watch out when you open the package , you may tear the cord on the plastic .
i liked all but the very last page , it didn't make sense in the continuation of the series at all .
it is very good ! very pleasant and qualitative material , is pleasant to my child . i use weeks . i recommend !
just i want for my grand children so they can have fun collecting the . nat parks quarters are great fun
i don't believe this is an lp . i believe it is a single . it's a great song !
having looked at several guidebooks to puerto rico , this one is superior . up to date information and nice photos .
very comfortable to wear at work all day . very stylish . have them in black as welll and love them both .
love this outfit . the pants with the tutu is kinda tight . other than that , its very nice . i recommend it .
amazon doesn't have the lowest prices anymore it will save you money to do your research .
great has a built in stand good for when skyping hands free .
does the job ! what can i say it is a magnifying loupe easy to hold , simple , what i wanted , good .
this product is excellent . if you are looking for great tool for the money . buy with confidence . love this product .
i love this cd ! the 'easy listening' tracks are outstanding ! the more upbeat tracks are very good as well .
works perfectly ! love these !
i like it no problems so farjust makes me spell correctlybut other than that it's greatit's awesomely cool
product was exactly as described and delivered in a timely manner .
worked wonders for my husband's sore tooth . took away the pain almost instantly and made him a happy man . me too .
if you are in to alternative music this album is for you , if not never mind .
i love all book i think this is the best series i read in a long time . a must read
the above product is exactly what is advertised . the screen protector is the perfect size and fits my phone great
extremely good snack
this product looks great on my phone and protects it from scratches , slips , dust , and i get lots of compliments .
pretty good , lots of information
good writer ! sad story can't wait for the rest of the story .
it was exactly what i wanted . there are plenty of exercises to practice for the exam which is extremely helpful .
this step ladder is everything i hoped it would be , and more ! top quality , great buy !
this cd is just plain fun to listen to and sing along with . makes you want to dance !
the story is not tied together that well . riddle shoud not have killed off the star , for a better ending .
good fit these shoes are adorable and comfortable too ! love them . i have gotten lots of great compliments at work
always does what i need it to do . never a problem . easy to install and easy to update and back up .
once again they made a album that i can play over and over again lemmy and the boys rule !
arrived quickly , fits well . good protection warmth , reflective , and water repellent . xl fits our pound mixed breed border collie
i like the app and the videos ! nice to find some old videos and newer songs . keep it playing free .
very pleased . heavey dutyhave used several times already and plan a lot more use . no regrets in this purchase whatsoever .
this product works great with my humidifier as a replacement filter . would buy again ! especially great value for the price !
excellent how does this author keep up this supply , incorporating parts of previous books , makes you feel part of the story
good price , and exactly what i ordered .
ideal app for looking up location and find gas stations in unfamiliar areas . good app for all ! pass it on .
is a very nice and aficient phono preamp , no noise , no rumble , no distortion . i'm happy with my buy . tray it with one . fernando
i am in love with this series and it is so well written . i canmt wait for the next book !
great product i have had no problems at all . i love the sleek design with the kick stand . great but .
i got this tea to home brew kombucha . it is excellent for that as it is organic and very flavorful !
great fun addictive game . challenging to unlock all games but you can always buy games for small amounts of virtual cash
these are the best chocolates i have tried in this county . from those you can actually find in a supermarket
i bought this for my husband he is very very picky and he loves them . they fit and look great .
does the job taking more clicks per second for boxing pics in vegas . go manny pacquiao .
great shoe and love the colors . highly recommend the shoe . they tend to fit small so go up a size .
this sword was perfect for our adult pirate party in fact our friend had one exactly like it ! very durable !
i like it
halfway through the th season after watching the first three seasons in a few weeks . i love this show ! taco !
my son needed long sleeve shirts for work and these were light weight and work out perfect for him . thanks
it's good camera , focus well and lightening well . but can't fit very well on my dell .
starsthis free book is the best that i've ever read . i personally think the book was really awesome
could not put it downanothersilva gemlooking forward to the sequels of michael and elizabeth in washington d . c
my parrots were so excited when i gave them a portion , that jenny said is that good ?
this bag is cheap and it is similar to the one found at office max which cost .
the outcome was obvious early on , but the masterful storytelling made it all worth while . very nicely done mr grisham .
my husband loves it ! everything was as stated by the seller
pleasure shopping with you . i havent finished it yet but i have to add more words to complete this recview .
thrilled with this radio ! works great good sound quality and nice display . i'm glad to have a radio again !
love all of diana gabaldon's books ! this book does not disappoint but leaves fans ready for more .
it give me the opportunity to take it with me everywhere because bought the kindle version . it keep me entertain .
i love to ice skate in the park on sundays with my ice skates on my feet brrrr i'm chilly
very beautiful bag and big enough to hold all my baby stuff . also with a lot of pockets can be used .
this cd rules ! the first song really cooks ! extreamly fast song , it'll put ya dancing through the night !
my favorite black lipstick by far ! this lipstick isn't too sticky or clumpy and lasts long . i recommend it
it matches my little secretary office supplies perfectly , thanx
beautiful love story . i will definitely buy more of her books and will recommend her to my friends and family .
great sound for something so small . easy to use . looks great . surprised by the quality . even the packaging is reusable .
this was a really good book and i enjoyed it greatly and would recommend it to other readers . loved it .
i bought this as a house warming gift , add a simple frame and it means alot to a young family .
earring cards were very good for my home made jewelry . they came in the mail within just a few days .
this book was slightly different than what i usually read but it was really good worth the time and money .
comfortable and fits true to size . lot's of compliments the first time i wore them . a new favorite for me .
reasonably priced , works well , happy with this purchase , decided to get nd one for my wife for the other bike .
it's very good , useful and easy to use i like it cause you don't have to use batteries .
i am a regular user of loreal products and this is one of my fav since i have thin hair .
my eleven year old ordered this with her own money , it was just as expected . i helped her with assembly .
when i bought the cd and it was a great song , the song is wonderful and youn will be great
so many great recipes , and easy to understand . there are manythat could become family favorites . give them a try !
this product fit like a glove it looks great and will protect my carpits for years to come love it
the item was brand new in the box . best price on the web or in stores . quick delivery , too .
if you're a dresden fan this has it all and some twists too . a good read . love the dog
nice enough for what i wanted it for . smallplasticyet cute and nice enough ! thanks , crystalflorida
love the ornament we had a camo tree for my and year old son they loved it
excellent product . works perfectly and very easy installation . superb shipping by the vendor . could not be more pleased with purchase .
kept you interested til the end ! very cute story ! it is a must read if you like romance books for sure !
awesome show it cannot be better . it has everything a good show needs . violence blood love war money and dragons
i don't know too much about protectors but was told i would need one . this was easy to apply . easy !
love this whole series of books and can't wait for the next . i would highly recommend these books to anyone .
great moba !
these slippers are comfortable , warm and durable . what's not to like ? thank you again acorn .
very good quality , worth the money for recovery . anyone benefits from reading this book . make sure you buy several copies .
love how these fit and very comfortable . the color is exactly what i was looking for and goes with everything !
price was so right for item that was difficult to locate . when i found it in the stores , x more .
well written and entertaining all the way . i love true stories of adventures of people taking me along with them .
this is an easy to listen to cd of bluegrass music . it is a mix of old and newer artists .
i was looking for a crock pot that was a bit larger than my old one . this one is perfect .
excellent product !
delighted with the book covers the lot well worth listening to
great game ! very competitive . hours and hours of fun . does however shutdown at times inexplicably . then has to be reloaded .
predictions are very difficult . especially when it comes to the future . may be the best possible . a must to read !
it works great we can charge our i pad and our phones all on this one charger . works very well
more great writing , better stories . this issue maybe not for your average home cooks but any foodie will like it .
perfect item . really does work to keep feet elavated after foot surgery . would buy this product again in the future .
it's good price and performancebut rather expensive
this are always so much fun . i love how all of these stories are mixed together . a very quick read !
wilson has always had good sporting equipment . this is a good volleyball for back yard play . the price isn't bad either .
it was shipped to me within days , great service and great product .
a good quick exciting read . the templars continue to hold our interest . terrence o brien captures some of the mystery
great tool for simple acne care . easy to use . a must have for cosmetic maintenance for both men and women .
for all of the sixty wishful crowd you can't go wrong with this boot . it will put you back in woodstock .
great product and good fit . just like it said it would be , very happy with product . stars for me
still learning to play , but seems fun . i have to play more to see how good the game is . thanks .
this book is full of good information and is easy to follow . i would highly recommend it to my friends !
good quality and it cut quality was as i expected it to be . i'd purchase more of the same brand .
it's a great story by kipling . probably a little slow by today's standards but still interesting and unusual in plot .
awsome ! everything i dreadmed of and more highly recomendable for every star wars fan ! a must have collectible .
it kept my interest and was well written . looking forward to the next one inthe series .
i hardly carry a purse anymore . the quality is excellent . i expect it to hold up for a long time .
this is a truly subtle way of showing your true colors .
works fine , i really have no problem with it , does the job as listed , can't beat the price , good backup
great product . same ingredients of a tablet form i was taking . prefer the vegetarian capsules , easier to swallow than tablets .
a most informative and entertaining book which is well illustrated and the next best thing to being at the exhibition .
this transaction was very smooth . the belt arrived faster than expected and was exactly as described . good job !
super tool .
this has been one of the best written , most understandable books i have ever read on the subject . highly recommended
beautiful bracelet .
it's an overall solid stand for the price . it makes maintance on the bike so much easier . good buy .
great product , i had previously purchased another cover didn't even last a week . goes on easily and holds tablet in place .
this is a great movie great colors , songs and entertaining for the entire family . we watch it all the time !
perfect ! bought them as a gift and my mom loves them ! true to size fit , soft , very warm ! a
a technical masterpiece that never shows any seams ! kelly cherry is probably the most brilliant and proficient poet writing today .
great prequel to blackbird sistersnancy martin pulls it together for the seriesvery good at putting all the dots together
husband loves this movie so was fathers day gift
came promptly . excellent price and product . i use them for a court reporter's shorthand machine and they proved to reliable .
nice variety , nice quality , great for the price . will get softer with a few washes and won't be as stiff .
a must safety product for any homeowner
not too sturdy , holding up so far . hard to level it , takes up little space . wish it was more sturdy
best investment you can make for a new ipad air ! i love it and the stand is very convenient too !
i am enjoying the ideas and thoughts about food in this book . everything by doreen virtue is special and enjoyable .
this book is very heartwarming , if you've ever had a gassy dog ! good gift for someone with a tummy ache .
i like this group and it's music i recommended it to people who like vengaboys and aqua music lovers
what a great and easy way to keep score of tennis . only wish they had an electronic version .
this product is my favorite scent . i got exactly what i ordered in time at a reasonable price . excellent scent !
well made , durable scoop .
these tiny brads seem to fly all over the place so it's always good to have extras on hand . wonderful .
good kit for iphone repairs from icracked ! i like it . it's all you need definitely recommend to every one !
inspiring and awakening narration for people who wish to contribute towards progress and happiness of human beings .
i had this for a class i took , it was simple to understand and concise . it was also reasonable price .
i really enjoyed this series .
the packing is great ! the bonus stuff is greati just love the gamegood job guys at amazon i love it
it took all of minutes to install . direct match same exact part number as oe part it replaced .
wonderful towels ! they are sturdy and absorb messes easily . i plan on buying more in the near future !
got this for our year old grandson . he loves this book . it is done well and has great pictures
very good out put especially when connected to the required watts given l o v i n g it .
game play is the best . from me a year old teen best game ever . best best best game ever
arrived in a timely manner . good quality and stays on well .
wonderful cross decade story of a truly remarkable woman . long but never boring description of many kinds of strong relationships .
i loved it because it was the best video i ever seen better than any movies i ever seen . awesome
good movie good story zac efron was really good in this movie . i would watch it again . rent it tonight
this book is great . colorful . the recipes are very appealing and written out in detail . helpful hints are included .
i love charlie and lola ! my daughter loves it as well . this story is particularly cute and fun .
grand baby loves this , she can spend hours playing with it , very cute and funny , nice for any little one
bought for my son he loves um !
great movie , but i'm still waiting for something as funny as super troopers .
she'd tried quite a few other cleaning routines but seems to likethisone the best . we will definitely buy it again .
his story has touched me deeply and i know it will yourswhat a legacythank god for people like pat !
completely addictive . i have to tartrate my binging to one episode a week .
this is a great resource about a time period in art history that is often overlooked . the pictures are great !
i love this show . i was hooked with season one and each season gets better abnd better !
fast shipping , great price , as expected , holding up better than the original one i received with the phone .
brad thor is one of my favorite authors and act of wae is exceptional . a must read !
me gust oacute todo , de principio a fin . por m aacute s que trat eacute no pude descubrir al asesino . no se lo pierdan !
it was a perfect boot even i returned , but returned beatitude it was little larger . material was soft strudy leather
not a bad song on the album . tops is the killers track and tom yorke's , though . no contest .
i liked this book , it was written well and an easy read . i can't wait for the second one ! yeah !
cool
addictive , fun , and beautiful . the best puzzle game ever made . this , like pong , is a part of videogame history . brilliant !
because my son is years old .
good size and materials , no loose threads . recomended , just make sure you orther the correct size for your hand .
great for snacking without adding a lot of calories perfect for dieting and the chocolate is yummy and very flavorful
i bought this for my son's birthday and he had it completely assembled within hours . he really loves it .
good , straightforward read . lee child seems to alternate between good and not so good , and this is a good one
great show ! great story , great cast ! i'm getting ready to watch the whole season again . can't wait for season six !
awesome price vs store .
aint a bad song on this entire cd . i have tonvdjfdjn kfjdsfk dfdfndjk kjdfhjdnf jkj kn njbnj h j jb
i started using this product over a year ago and will definitely continue . amazon has the best price any where .
nice small tree
one of the best i've ever read on the subject . cheek it out if you can . i loved it . best !
item came in perfect condition as stated online . will definitely use this method of purchasing again .
it arrived the mail when i thought it would come and it's in good shape . look forward to watching it !
these shoes were perfect to suit the uniform code at my son's schoool and also were useful for casual wear .
does what it is supposed to do . great service from the vendor
very easy to use . strong . fast . nothing could be better . where you been all my life .
this was a real thriller . i enjoyed it very much !
very good quality it seems . haven't put on my vehicle yet but i like the decals .
the plot of this novel spins faster than a twister . one wants to head for the cellar at the climax .
this the best oyster knife for popping oysters . the handle is comfortable . the blade is strong . the tip is sharp .
these babies hold there sound ! mine went through the washer dryer ! they still sound like a concert . yeah !
the foundation for other great movies , my son understood red sun much better after seeing this movie . a must see
especially for the price . love the sound quality , and the fact that you can feel the base . i like it
unbelievable story . great historical insight into events at the time through the eyes of two absolute hero's . great read . heart warming .
its red , works great , looks great and i love it ! ! ! its red i love it ! !
happy with the that fit . i will still order again .
larger than i wanted but it will not go to waste . very well made and will last for years .
love having this in my camera ! i love having the space to take what seems like unlimited pictures ! thank you !
this is a well done interpretation on jane austen's novel . the setting and costumes were delightful . i'd watch it again .
this is an excellent app functionally , unimpressive graphically . this review needed a few more words to get to . . whew
this song lift my spirit every time i hear it . fred hammond is a beautiful spiritual song writer . love it .
beautiful jacket . its perfect . i love it . best jacket i've ever had . would buy another . thank yousincerely vicki l jones
product does as it says helped my dry skin greatly order ty for this awesome item
a book i read weekly . helps the creative juices flow . a must for anyone in the business .
i enjoy this book because it shows that love comes to everyone . whether it is in or . bravo !
purchase for my daughter and it was exactly like it was described and fit her perfect . material was good too .
very wooly inside the slipper for lounging in the house or just walking outside the house . i will order these again .
i have these in the bigger size so i got them in the smaller size i love them thank you
i loved this book , i enjoyed the people so much that i went out and bought the second book also .
a good read .
please , help me to locate some zia make up . the foundation is great for oily skin and the powder is flawless .
it was perfect for my little man baby shower themeguests loved them and gave the mason jars the perfect look
i liked everything about this book just as well written as enders game , just a different view . great author !
great sci fi original content and superb details . brings you right into the story . well written and a fun ride .
my wife loves this case ! she loves all things pink and this case is no exception . very roomy and convenient .
great case and very reasonable cost would buy again . i like the close case function that puts kindle to sleep .
i bougth it for my years old daughter . she loved it . i did not regret this purchase at all .
love it . my phone was too slippery and this solved the problem for me . it is exactly what i wanted .
purchased for my niece who is now in college in south florida and she loves them . good fit and finish .
excellent !
good lighting , just not quite as bright as i would have liked ! price was good , and i'll recommend this product .
i would recommend this show for anyone who is looking for top notch acting and production values . what a great series !
melitta cone coffee filters , natural brown , no . , count pack of product as represented and fast delivery service
i found the book to be spellbound . it moved long nicelyi did , my want to put the book down . thanks
great price
super comprehensive but super dry . not an interesting read on its own . more like a reference manual . informative but boring .
very easy to use just plug in the usb port . its quite and has fan to cool hard drive .
i got the good deal , the product is in good condition . looks like a new one , thank dear .
this one will stand the test of time . gets to the heart of what's most important in an unforgettable way .
love the iron man series and have collected the full series . will also buy the any other iron man movies
it is an interesting , well produced mystery series with tie ins to inventors , authors , and entertainers of the late nineteenth century .
the picture frame is fantastic ! babies change so much in the first year and this picture frames captures this monthly .
timothy's donut shop blend is a rich , smooth coffee that is comparable to tim horton's my personal favorite !
it's a great time killer ! the mini games are so much fun !
the bag was very nice . however , i did return it in order to replace it for another vera bradley pattern .
it is awesome ! can be used in many different ways best part is it can detach from the other cover
does a good job controlling humidity and temperature in my attic . easy to install and set for your own requirements .
a bit pricey , but they did the trick . and they were cheaper than going through my insurance .
exactly what i needed . very clean threads and solid mounting to camera for smaller lenses . great deal !
awesome portrayal . very inspirational .
i very fun game far better than gta , i love that u c have different characters to play , fun times
history so detailed it's hypnotic . a reminder of how brutal the not so distant past was .
this is the second book in the northern intrigue series . it was even a better example of christian characterin action .
it is a protein shaker , there isn't much to it . the blenderball works well . it is cheap . stars .
second pair i brought from you guys . nice shoes . will probably buy another pair at a future point . thanks bye .
very good watch in look and i recieve the watch as it is . thank you vary mach . i will one more
patterson has another win . this is another wonderful addition to any library . the book is full of intrigue and suspense .
my favorite alex and ani ! so happy i bought this one . you won't be disappointed with any alex and ani .
what i needed and fit . would buy again . there is not much more to say then that about these plugs
thankful for this product . will buy again . use twice a week now that the problem is solved . thanks so much ! ,
files faster with double cut pattern .
loved pemrose key . it is the perfect mix of mystery , suspense and romance . highly recommend this book ! great price too .
hi , you can buy this album yours eyes closed , but your ears open . very good album .
very fun and time consuming when needing to pass time good graphics easy to play
this charger worked just as well as the original that came with the computer . just like the original i suppose
great movie . pretty much anything with mr . gordon liu is a hit , and expect to see great fight scenes .
purchased as a gift , receiver very pleased .
the best i ever used will be ordering more . thank you .
i will recommend to everyone who lives in a climate with not enough sun . consult your doctor for a dosage .
it's works great for get togethers and parties . it's is a pretty good idea . we are happy with it overall .
great fit put me on my toes , but looked so great it was stolen the first time i wore it
i have older garage doors and needed to replace the dummy t . it was perfect fit and an easy install .
pretty beads , a little small .
i am very excited about this product and am absolutely satisfied with it , it exceeded my expectations . great price too
hey it's me naima and i love this book it's awesome only i'm also pay always was one one
came with a lot for cheap
these slippers are warm , cozy and super comfortable ! they are well made and come highly recommended ! they are worn constanty !
never disappointed . packaging always appropriate . makes it easy to get one , as stores don't always stock the one you need .
we have a lot of gatherings where people drink tea . this kettle works great for a crowd
nice book and the content were excellent , the pictures were good and the page material is good .
the price is competitive . and the bags pick up poo . what else can one say about doggy bags ? no complaints .
great movie
a just as expected ! very impressed ! would shop again in a heartbeat ! two thumbs way up ! one happy customer here !
the rd season proves to be one of their best , plus many great extra features plus a great bloopers clip .
comfortable
here you are thinking this is an instrumental number when it suddenly takes a sharp turn into something else altogether .
this was given as a gift , but i am told that they love it . . . . . . .
these headphones are comfortable and have a good sound the adjustable volume control on the cord is very convenient .
this is a good battery for the money thay you pay . not an original samsung but it does the job .
not a otter box but nice for the money . would recommend this to others . case is a little stiff though .
high quality , low price . protects the unit's screen and allows perfect readingposition when unfolded . great product . would advise friend to buy .
i just love this game . i play six guns every day and i just got mechanical horse ! must get game iexcl ! iexcl
great movies !
using it and it gives the information that you need in good perspective . an easy read !
i smoke inside and my girlfriend hates it this purifier makes it seem like i'm outside awsome product . love it
an easy read and moments of out loud laughing . would suggest it to anyone . hoping to find more from this author
love the recluse series . this is also well written , though the magic theory is a little weak in philosophy .
she was very engaged , they were things we were going over but it became vivid and enjoyable for her . good
the minion was cheap looking , but was very cheap in price . i would buy again . my son liked this toy .
wonderful story . i learned more about football than expected . being from memphis , this was a good read .
i required a replacement for one of the listed john deere lawn tractors . it fit perfectly and works just fine .
wonderful book for a family that's trying to improve eatinghabits overall . great resource .
it arrived on time and correctly and it is now working in the filter as it was intended to do .
love this coat does the job very well . i would recommend for the cold weather , the price is good as well .
pros cool design construction was well done tony stark use onecons not spill proof
this makes water taste really good
these guys are always great ! my son and i love to watch and hone our negotiating skills . great family entertainment !
a bit tight on the shoulders and also a bit to long . all though it is pretty cool and black .
the pretests were helpful as was the answer key . we appreciated knowing which nctm standards were being met .
i just read this on my iphone kindle . great historical tale . it reminded me of phillipa gregory's writing . well done !
love it ! the black angora beret is just as they described . soft and beautiful . size is just right for me .
larger and better than the skimmer that was part of the pool package . fit original hardware without modification . very satisfied .
this has been a good series and i'm looking forward to more in the future on dvd
i thought the book was very good . i recommend it for anyone who enjoys fiction books .
i use this for baking mostly and it makes some delicious , addicting brownies !
very good product match color , good design , good belt plastic good quality , nice prices , my son very happy received this watch .
attached securely , can adjust to any angle , holds glasses securely and folds up out of the way when not needed .
i gave this to my niece for christmas , and she was thrilled ! i've become the cool aunt now ! thanks
it works well . glad i found something to free up some memory and help my kindle work a little smoother .
bought these for my son with new bearings bones reds precision skate bearings from amazon he's rolling much easier now .
this is an awesome , inspiring and emotional journey . a must read for any preemie parent . i highly recommend this book .
boys of summer in west baltimore between cops and drug dealers . very moving . very thoughtfull .
i think this toy is wonderful for learning and catches the babies attention .
book is in great shape . was delivered very promptly ! thanks so much .
whens the movie
buy it . you won't be sorry .
i am very happy with the pendant , however i feel the chain is sorta filmsy .
does everything i want it to do . will be buying two more to expand with for my video collection streaming
the product works as advertised . i have not utilized all the features yet , but what i have used works fine .
chocolates at a great price , so you can share , or not . these are delicious and i will buy again .
they seem to be a good quality envelope and the price versus quantity was great . i would definitely buy again .
haunting and compelling , exactly what i was in the mood for at exactly the right moment . michael welsh is genius .
truth loved my sneakers are the maximum i love and i recommend to all women for its comfort and style
i bought this for my mother she really liked this dvd . it will be a yearly classic for her .
nothing is perfect but this come very close . it fits true to size and looks better than the photo does .
my family could not have been more pleased with the ease of use , the comfort , and value of thie product .
one of the greatest bands of all time !
my son loves it .
this product is great when you don't want to pump , pump , pump on the manuel type .
sonicare recommends using a gel , and this works great . fresh taste , and keeps breath fresh , too .
this levi's men's big and tall double prong belt , black , , is the finest belt i have ever owned . i love it .
my grandaughter loved it but it is a little to old for her she is only .
a full fledge suite . that can mach or exede any comercial or nonfree couterpart . i will reccomend to all my friends .
it is an excellent model and well done , the details are very good and the quality is excellent . very good
loved it can't wait for the new one .
despite other reviewers mistakenly receiving different product as advertised , i got exactly what the description pictures offered , thus what i wanted .
the wedding was such an awesome book ! i enjoyed reading every minute of it and could not put it down !
good book
great product . not identical to the actual restaurant experience but definitely an a when you are miles away . kellyomaha
this memory stick installed easy and fast . works as it should and no problems . still working to this day a
i absolutely loved this book plus the two before . could not put it down , missed a few hours of sleep .
this pump is an attractive and comfortable shoe for work . it presents a neat , professional appearance of good quality .
i love them i designs my nails i also use them for acyclic paint to do different things to them .
nice table but thin material . would have liked something sturdier . would still reconnect to my friends . but wouldn't purchase again
thank you for the quick delivery . the text was as described and in excellent condition .
the joe is awesome !
i love this keyboard but my key on the keypad stopped working . any thoughts on why ?
back to the future as we all know is a classic movie you should have in your collection ! great movie
my year old loves these movie glasses ! they are a bit big for him but they serve their purpose .
an excellent essay . a rather short offering on a very rich subject , but with excellent insight and a great bibliography .
the aroma and taste are wonderful , strong but not bitter or lingering . i will definately continue ordering . love this coffee !
this game is pretty awesome , good graphics , very good campaign , and good multiplayer , so gameloft i give you five stars
stretches your mental boundaries and then quickens your thinking . oh , and it is fun and entertaining , as well as challenging .
realistic and hardcore , exactly what people need to hear a nice slap in the face
great book , the whole trilogy is great ! a book u just can't put down
informative read to fellow texans . interesting story , good old texas boys and women . will read more bill travis suspense novels .
very sharp and smooth some 'catch' the thread love the holder , makes it easier to find in 'the drawer'
this was for my grandson , who wants to join the army . he thought this might help him with the test .
does the job and you can't beat the price . it's easy to use and it works great . i recommend it .
can't wait for the next one . liked the story and the idea of magic developing and being hard to control .
it works ! i find that it prevents heel blisters when hiking or doing other sports .
what's not to love ? it's a complete season of 'i love lucy' for a great price ! enjoying every minute ! recommend !
virtually indestructible ! twins grandsons rode them to death over the holidays ! you will not be disappointed with these scooters . enjoy !
good book for anyone in leadership . fast shipment .
gripping ! i was on the edge of my seat ! what a great story ! an excellent author . i very highly recommend .
better than my laptop
very funny and really a great size . i have a wacky friend . merry xmas and happy new year you all
post apocalypse for grown ups ! a good read . will look out for the next one .
the smell alone of fresh brewed coffee is enough reason to purchase this coffee pot . the taste simply clinches it .
this is a strong second volume . it created great buildup and tension to prepare the reader for the next book .
my daughter loves this watch which was a christmas gift , i got it and had it engraved .
this product does everything it says . i will not drink any other crystal light product .
good adapter . the reason i gave it a is because it gets very hot .
great ! my girlfriend love this product ! guys buy it for your wives or girlfriends ! i'm still cheesing
very fun . has a plot that is followed throught from one episoide to another . love the actors and the plot .
i am forever a lord of the rings fan . this book rocked . i only need to write eight more words .
barbara taylor bradford writes novels that you totally become part of particularly the emma heart series . thank you so much .
i love it . unique wont mind getting another one . bought it for my car . works fine and perfectly . god bless
great quality sweet games , pics , web , music and more . it was also just like an i pad . and super fast internet .
love the color , width smile . sits easily on any table top . wish it was taller , but i love it !
i received my connectors very fast and were in great shape and i will buy more as i need them .
i don't like a supertightt fit so ordered a size larger than i am . that worked for me . try it .
this book was as good as the previous books . i can't wait for the next two . fantastic ! thanks erik
we enjoyed seeing this film again after years . our kids did too ! it made for a fun family evening .
purchased book first enjoyed so much purchased the entire seriesliked her variations in writing , settings and scenarios
beautifully written . hugely inspiring . a must read for anyone questioning a loving god and his sometimes contradictory actions . fantastic book !
great faucet , i would recommend it to family and friends . reasonable in price and it looks very sharp . good deal !
very addictive show . never seen anything like it . hope it's on for a long time . look forward to friday nights !
great movie one of my favorites
i love this dvd boombox's picture and audio quality . i just wish it had more features on it
the shampoo did not dry out my hair . my hair was clean and very soft . will purchase the full size .
he seemed to have enjoyed it it was easy for him to play with .
good quality , works well , really recommend and great for beginners of all ages , cheap and very cool to play with .
book was in excellent condition and received in a timely manner . i would order from this seller again . very satisfied .
fit perfect . i have not made it to the range to verify function yet
esta muy bueno seria excelente que se pudiera conectar a travez de un modem o un chip de celular mobil
pretty good . i'm an fnp c , and this definitely makes me want to cut on people in the operating room
i love this watch ! it is masculine and beautiful at the same time . reminds me of a fast race car .
have not install , yet but looks ok . have to crawl across my cathedral ceiling , not too much room up there .
fabulous product !
i may read this one again . make sure you are in a position to get hot and bothered . good bye
got this in the mail really quickly , and im in guam . cord fits and i like how long it is .
really sturdy
this book was very well written and held my attention the whole time i read it . i highly recommend it .
solid , well made product . quiet , very versatile fan . oscillates in both directions . moves plenty of air . would recommend to anyone .
this candle burned completely and smelled wonderful . i will purchase paddywax candles again . i was completely satisfied with this purchase .
i have used norton for several years . this is the best price ever . it is such a great deal .
a spontaneous purchase but i love it !
i am a child of the s and enjoy the music played on iheart channel . . just love the music !
great book , very helpful . i am a new crafter and found lots of how to's .
it's easy to get the hang ofalso . fun because you can relive the moments you spent with family and friends
i ordered these a size bigger than needed because of the style , i'm glad i did ! my daughter liked them .
i was really surprised that the strips actually worked . i will definitely be using these strips on a regular basis .
well it's just as it says , two switches that do what they are supposed to great buy arrived quickly too .
great , buy it
fits as expected and goes well with a lot of different styles . can't go wrong with the chuck taylor all stars .
great quality , and my husband is cal ripken's biggest fan , so it made his father's day very special . thanks a bunch !
this is a great bronzer . you get instant color and it smells awesome ! love designer skin lotions .
it works will and save batterys for my controller . charge the s syma mini helicopter for a maximin flying time . great !
great read from start to finish , will there be another edition ? be sure to read the whole series of this book !
got this item as a gift with a couple other items she loves them she uses them all the time
love this bag this is my th one and i love them all
worked great , pretty for a girls gift and timely . tank you for the case . it fits perfectly and good color
electric toothbrushes are great for my teeth and gums . i am happy with the product . i highly recommenf this item .
the earbuds fits just perfect ! have a good quality sound . couldn't be better for its price . i recommend it .
got this for my wife . she loves it . it's so much better than regular headphones to sleep in . great buy
this mat is attractive , very easy to vacuum and really helps ! hardly any litter makes it to my laminate floor .
just what i wanted ! fits perfectly and no drilling of holes to mount it !
easy to install . like the proporational brake power ease of adjustment . definately helps with my travel trailer stopping power .
works perfectly with my xz , e pl and e pl . it's quite a bargain .
these triggers work just as well as the more expensive competition they are simple to use and they work !
i love this bag ! goes well with everything . it is big enough and a real eye pleaser !
smaller than expected , but my father was very pleased when he opened it for christmas !
the book is perfect , very interesting . good story . the real life is very hard for her . good lecture for parents .
i'm glad i purchased these . they make the kitchen look refined ! i would purchase more if i needed them . super !
perfect fit , my daughter loves it
hide treats and toys . one cats loves it and the other ignores it .
one of the best i ever used . easy to use like my ex girl friend . the mop gets around yeah
this was another gift for the same cousin she loves her cool crazy cases . the things us females likes .
love this band ! it makes me daydream if things never going to happen , but it sure does give me hope
this movie has great appeal . it's about a man who finds his humanity . russel is at his pumped up best
it was about time my motherboard graphics card got an upgrade this did just the trick . everything is running smooth
i have all but one of the gaelic storm albums and this is near the top . very enjoyable and fun .
i will always buy my wires from knukoncepts from now on more thicker than stinger and better and much cheaper
the general did his job better than anticipated
excellent . i can't wait for the ending its been a very great series this is a must read it .
works as promised , and is made of great quality , i was very pleased that it was't cheaply made ! good buy
my mo grandson got this for christmas he loves it ! i would recommend this to anyone with toddlers
tough to know where to were it always some one cry in about it but what do you do dude
great product , easy instructions , plenty of extra hardware just in case you lose or drop a piece !
the cover is excellent for a moto razr maxx hd . it provides comfort and a good grip on the phone .
wow very explicit sexual content but romantic at the same time loved it can't wait to read the next part !
there is no movie quite like this . its creative , and sad . i loved it . amazingly funny .
thie dvd set is awesome . and i got the best price for it right here on amazon !
we loved this card ! i will use it again and would recommend to everyone that love cats , really cute card
i adore him . it is a nice sized plushy and feels like it will last a long time .
pretty big , ! great toy for kids to play with inside in the winter time . kids can jump in it very comfortably .
does what it supposed to do . got it on time and no problems in installing it . . . . . .
love my amazon gift card . my favorite gift besides my kindle ! wish i had another ! i can get whatever i want .
cute series , i'd like to read the other series as well . hopefully she has plans to continue this series . enjoy !
i have many magic circle editions , but i needed some variety . this really offers many different choices .
fits a little big . but they are comfy . great product . great price . buy , buy , buy , buy , buy , buy , buy more crocs . make more colors in bigger sizes . i will buy more .
the price was good . the movie was in perfect new condition . been looking for this movie for years . thanks so much .
if you like kenny chesney you will love this cd . another one that i listen to all of the time .
smell was great
seem to be well made , great price , good fit , cozy lining , good sole for in and out , i am happy happy !
this is a great summery of the stones crystals in relation to the zodiacs . it gives a different celestial positioning relations .
hooked it up to my humminbird ci , and cobra marine radio worked just as intended . so happy ! i would recommend !
black children folklore this great for all children to uderstand different cultures great great greatshould be required reading fr all
work good
the item came quickly , and i didn't believe it would work but it really does ! i love it
well satisfied with the product and the promptness of delivery . will use this site for similar needs .
very cute at the birthday party . i would recommend this item ! easy to inflate , nice quality ! we will buy this item again .
i love hot cocoa on a cold day with whip cream and this cocoa is tasty and easy to acess .
sort of a strange story but i liked it and i'm glad i read it .
they definitely keep your feet dry , but you have to wear thicker socks for them to keep your feet warm .
this dvd is amazing . dave is such a great artist and tim backs him up very well .
game seems good i just can't get into it .
these speakers sound nice . will buy a couple more for my old plymouth . not a bad product for the price .
walking the sacred pathi like having a resource that goes with the cd . it is very user friendly . thank you .
they were over priced in the stores . this is the same thing for a great price . thanks for the deal !
my blackberry z is protected with this case . it's a perfect style with my smartphone . i recommend for everyone .
a lot for the money , but are very thin ! hard to work with . but got it done anyway . thank you !
i received the card fairly quickly . the price was good and there are no problems with the product .
i found this fun . . enjoyed playing on spare timei really like this one . not too hard on the brain . it helps you out
this was a baby shower gift , i loved the book and so did the mom to be she said ! jan
great game challenging
hi , my cousin opened her present and loves her gift ! thank you for your awesome service . i am pleased . thanks , mindy
they are the greatest and have not changed . i hope they have many more years ahead .
reasonably priced , good product .
spouse was very pleased . .
nice read . i enjoyed this after reading the previous book . very captivating it keeps you guessing all the way through .
reminded me of the writings of harry crews . used relistic choice of real life situations to build the story line .
thoroughly enjoyable as the first season , with a twistannie growing to be a mature young lady and versatile asset
excellent product . i love it ! id perfect for me bathroom ! i recommends thid product ! bye bye bye bye
these are great bandanas well worth the expectation well worth the price i recommend them to any greatful dead fan
nicely written , witty and funny , at least for those who enjoy a good victorian eroticism like me . i liked it .
it's beautiful and adapt well with my sensitive skin .
great cd ! new spin on some old hymns love jadon's sound . a great cd to have on in the background .
the item was priced reasonably , arrived quickly , well packaged . i'm happy with the transaction . tom
this is a great selection of practice music ! we listen to it everyday and enjoy the traditional songs and tempos .
the kids like it , but get bored after not too long . maybe they are too old for it ? cute though !
was exactly what i anticpated it is like getting teeth cleaned at the dentist only alot more comfortable def recomend
your feet will feel much less tired even after long walks and your shoes will not smell at all , ever .
i listen to the linkin park radio on my pandora radio . first heard of linkin park with my cousin .
these shoes are very comfortable ! there was no breaking in period . once again , rockport lives up to its name !
this duck was awesome ! my son absolutely loves it ! definitely a great purchase to make for any age ! h h
movie is in excellent condition . arrived before scheduled time . excellent movie . thank you .
this was a very welcome surprise . sad , yet it also had me snorting with laughter on the subway . highly recommended !
i haven't read much in many years and i was introduced to the in death and can't put it down .
perfect , thank you . great , wonderful , pretty , comfortable , soft , good deal , will probably purchase more at another time . thank you again .
love it and the delivery was fast . overall great quality and no more worrying about dropping my phone
i have only had the product a few months and seems to be of good quality . i would recommend this .
it works out just right for me . reading in bed . i use it with my kindel . quality and useful product .
had company for months , only had to blow up airbed once with built in pump . wonderful !
used it indoors worked well , reducing the dust , etc . also , used with a shop vac that held an interior bag .
great book ! kept me in suspense ! cannot wait to read the rest of the books in this series . looking forward !
love them . didn't realize that the recommended amount is day .
i swear by the cleanser and moisturizer . much better than all other products on the market in my opinion . happy
another fun read ! good clean reading ! interesting story line with a lot of detail . easy to follow interesting story line .
it is exactly as described here . i collect stuffed tigers and this is a nice addition to that collection .
great bargain other feeders are too doggone expensive ! the humming birds i recommend this feeder get yours here
a product that works as advertised . useful to everyone and will be appreciated for it's functionallity . an item worth having .
these sneakers are good looking and easy to put on which is essential for someone with arthritis . i'll order them again .
was a great decoration . used across the front of the fireplace . the colors were perfect for a neutral baby shower .
beast never disappoints
my kids really enjoy the app . great for long car rides and dr . appointments that take for ever and ever !
my daughter has wanted this since last christmas and was so excited to open it . she put it right on !
bought as a back up for the flashlight . have not used it yet . fits in the handle for safe storage .
a bit small but perfect ! nice small gift for someone . it is very light . fits in a small gift bag
good substitute for half the price of normal heads . beats the alternative and they arrived fairly quickly which is nice .
typical jason statham flick . lots of action w well choreographed fight scenes . you get what you pay for . not bad .
i use it make zucchini noodles . love it !
decent . easy to lose .
highly recommended for any ps player ! pros . free games every month . discounts . exclusive content . cons . none
this is one of the best series i have ever watched . cant wait til january for season to start
great story ! the characters and writing was phenomenal ! very suspenseful i couldn't put it down until i read everything ! awesome
he loved it
checked it out for the grandchildren , think out would be great .
bought this for my son's ipod and does a great job at providing protection . great buy especially for the price !
beautiful pattern . durable material and exactly what i wanted . seams more durable and cleaner than other brands of ipad covers
this is one beautiful ho scale taxi . great detail . looks nice in display with other ho vehicles .
great movie ! this is a great movie it has everything , action , exorcisms , demons , angels , great acting . highly recomended
bought this to attach to my wii . worked great , gave me flashbacks to late nights playing gamecube in college though .
works great . replacement for transducer that was broken off of my boat . it gives accurate depth and temperature while running .
good and practical item , solving our problem with guitars standing towards the walls leaning towards a table . definitively a hit
very sharp , easy grip
these are very sturdy and well made . the fit was also great for me . thank you
great tape , strong and great price , no gross smell , made in usa ! seems to last a long time . highly recommended .
i am a big fan of the entire jesse stone series .
loved it . just like the kingsmen i remember . tons of fun as the od saying goes . good cd yes
its great but my tabs broke off so it pops off some times other than that i love it .
i like it
really nice sweatshirt , fits great , looks great , and nice and warm . get comments all the time about it . good buy .
works very well for small projects but would be more useful if a feed tube were built into the top cover .
i love games i can play alone . it is relaxing .
great way to give a gift when you don't live near a family member . always appreciated when i send it .
this book was an easy read and written by an author i was very familiar with , julie link from odb !
absolutely love it ! easy to put together and even easier to use
this was an awesome live show . great set list and great performances . you won't be disappointed with the dvd .
such a great productsmall , portable , but still works fine indoor outdoorgreat hookah for college studentsthanks again
works as expected my only concern was that it was old stock coupon attatched had expired last year charged up fine
my son loved his tebow jersey . not as nice as the nfl ones but not as expensive either . would recommend
douglas adams at his best !
this ram hasnt shown any problems so far and came at a really good price . they dont run hot either .
one of my favorite cd's ever . i had broken my copy and was glad to be able to download it .
we've been using these for several months now . the cost can't be beat . we might get a few more soon .
easy to put together and fun to leave down on the floor . i would buy again as a gift . s
i needed not only the extra outlets , but the inclusion of surge control in the same unit . i would easily recommend
constantly being used .
some of the most creative floral treatments i ever will see . just exceptional . beautifully and richly photographed . well worth it .
these boots are exactly as described , everyone that i have shown them too love them as much as i do
this is the best show ever . peter is absolutely rediculous ! so funny . i laugh the whole episode . love this show
this dvd is a great family movie ! very innovative , funny , and good lessons . thanks amazon !
perfect fit . very nice . very comfortable and light weight . would recommend for warm weather dress pantsjust need to get the shirt right
awesome
i had no problems with product and i would buy it again . price was much better than in local stores .
is that enough ? this show catches me by surprised with every episode , i cannot wait for the next season !
very imaginative fantasy with depth . good read for kids and adults . a must read for any fan of fantasy books .
couldn't put it down it just drew me in . have read it twice now , just as good the second time
it's cute , fun and interesting . varied activities . well done . but my little guy got bored with it after or pages .
works great plenty of components and case that comes with it .
my yr old daughter got this for x mas and says its pretty good .
my system runs very smooth using avast free antivirus service . it is such a good feeling not having to worry .
great cd all of his cds are good i thought the songs were very good i enjoyed it very much
great textbook , beats bisk hands down !
this books blends the lines so well on evil verses good it is a page turner keeps you wanting more .
this app works to jot down quick notes . used a couple of times and is working great on your kindle .
using it in a wedding ceremony . popular , sweet and beautiful . suitable for the day and appropriate for all the guests
they are excellent with no seams to dig in on waist or side seams .
excellent product very fast delivery
just wanted to note that i have an elchim hair dryer and this diffuser fits perfectly and does its job .
i like to brush my teeth atleast once a week and these brushes are perfect for me !
worked as advertised
it came quick and its perfect ! exactly what i have ordered and worth every dime i spent on this item .
i love this . i just wish the velcro was stronger . it comes apart easily . i would buy this product again
thick durable work shorts great company and fast shipping
great for a quick reference
perfect works well i have it filled already need another one ! will look into getting another one seen good day !
if you're looking for a good song to get you going during a workout , i'd really recommend this one .
these are nice , hefty terry cloth pot holders and a good size . i just wish they were available in red .
works great ! easy to set up . easy to make work on linked computers . now i can print off my ipad !
de nombres para bebitos y bebitas ! este libro no te desilusiona como otros !
could not locate crushed velvet in any local store . it was great to find it here . item was mailed promptly .
great eq . i have owned it for about years and works perfectly . worth every penny . buy this product .
eric b . enough said !
it is gratei like it i would play it a loti would like to see everyone playing ithave fun .
perfect match for new upgrade on door knobs . switched over from brass to satin nickel on all doors . would recommend .
gamechanger . my soul was truly blessed
much better product than i expected . it was about as good as it can get for just a few dollars
this is exactly what my daughter wanted ! it fit her like a glove and will be great for her workouts .
good games with great bonuses . you do have to wait a bit to level up and get new games though
the show gets better and better . great story line . can't wait for season to begin . hope nik will be ok !
this was a gift and she loved it . it looks better than on the website . i would definitely order again .
i enjoyed reading this book and i will continue to read the other books in the series good mystery .
this is the kind of story with a message i work on getting my teems to read . thought and conversation provoking
first album i've purchased in years .
stays where you put it and does not dig into your body .
it was the perfect gift for my pre teen daughter ! she loves it and it arrived on time and early !
had to buy one at a time . this was more economical . i brought sets to keep from running out .
couldn't have asked for a more perfect carrier for my puppy . he loves it just as much as i do .
it is what it says it is and it works like it is supposed to work . great deal , great story .
i love playing slots . i challenge my self all the time when i am playing a game of some sort .
great fits the handgun i ordered it for . i like the holster and the way it works for the firearm .
enjoy reading , would like to receive it monthly . how do i find it on amazon each month . enjoyed very much .
extremely comfortable fabric , and well made . however , the brown in not as intense as in the photo .
great card reader
it is young betty but already showing her powerful re creation mind . master in jazz vocal .
it works on my nexus . i can open a lot of documents and change them as well . great product
i love these rocks . they not only hide the pumps etc . but are very natural and attractive in our landscaping .
this album showed us just who this women is , spirituallywhat ever happened to her ? lost to the material world i guess
used it for pimples . works great for me . last a long time . will buy again . very soothing on the skin
i like this album and think you will too . buy it .
great product hope you sell a million . invaluable accurate long battery life a life saver could potentially save a life
i love my new sea horse pendant . its a beautiful , blue , heavy gold pendant and worth every penny .
it was fairly simple instructions and installation . works just like the original . woulld definitely would reccommend this product to others .
this is such a lovely tune . pretty close to my range to , i love to sing it in the car .
great movie , i highly recommend it to anyone , interested in something a little out of the box as they say
cute shirt ! my son loves it ! it fits him well . he's , so its a bit big , but it works !
targets work just as described . a definite must have for anyone that prefer iron sights . i highly recommend these targets .
memories of childhood ! times of innocence , family and cherishing one another . try it y'all ! it could change your life .
installed it in about mintues . used larger , stronger lags . i love it . it looks great !
simply wonderful . very warm and powerful . doesn't take up much space . lives up to the lasko brand quality . highly recommended .
a good album from warrant , although not chart toppers . great vocals and guitar work . an album worth having .
excellent boots still wearing them
it is a wonderful and exciting game to play . we spent hours enjoying family time together playing this game .
it's a sticker for your car window . it sticks . hasn't come off in nine months of wear , so there's that .
i love this anklet very dainty and shineit is thin but seems sturdyi wear it daily with no issues
terrific little machine . picks up good . easy to clean out . nice to look at . a winner in my book .
a great read . down to earth .
very nice
this product is very easy to use and i'm happy i bought them . there came exactly as stated on line .
this show is pretty vulgar but absolutely funny . i liked the dichotomy between the characters , the writers are just brilliant .
good stuff . great thoughts . something we all need to take the time to reflect upon not thinking about .
this is one of the best shows ! love it . so well written . and the acting is fantastic . highly recommend it .
these sleeves worked perfect for my negative to digital conversion project . i have all of my negatives in sleeves now .
great author . love reading her books ! a different twist on the supernatural . a great way to get kids to reading .
it's very cute and seems to be a durable case i get complimented all the time on the case !
very good book , have given them for gifts , and they were appreciated by all , and some were natives near kingman
saved my phone many times . when you drop it on floor even concrete one this silicon skin cover absorb any force .
nice quality organic bacopa from the us . doesn't taste as bad as the stuff i had been getting from indiarecommended
likes extremely compact has ring design for attaching to key chain great gift for someone who loses flash drives dislikes no cap
my kids and i love it , very addictive . we would definitely recommend it to all of our friends , and family .
excellent as usual
i just got my iphone and was looking for a way to protect it from my year old . perfect !
very happy when i opened the box and saw the cutest salt pepper shakers ever made ! i love them !
it has all the features we wanted and is easy to use . it is comfortable and holds a charge well .
it works nice and it is a great extra mirror for when my wife rides in the van with me
i bought the mugs in cobalt blue . they're high quality , beautiful , and plenty big . just what i was looking for !
excellent book . very informative . a must read for those diagnosed with hypothyroidism or suspect they have the disease symptoms .
outstanding , except the creature at the end looks too fake great story can't wait for more ! hurry and make more episodes .
absolutely a fabulous game . i loved it on the computer and its just as fun on the kindle ! great job !
the book is excellent . it covers a wide selection of popular components and basic bike maintenance .
i purchased this item for my yr old granddaughter and she loves it .
great dictionary , comprehensive . online cannot replace skimming through pages of words and expanding my vocabulary . happy i made the purchase .
it fits perfectly and protects my kindle while in my bag . and blue is my favorite color . thanks a bunch .
because my nephew love it and that way he will not use the one that we have at home .
it fit . the air blows through it . it looks super , super , super , super , super , super , super , super , super , super nice .
this was one of my free reads from my prime membership . would definitely buy this one ! very warm , funny book .
totally love this classic cd ! takes me back . i would reccomend this one to anyone who wants great classic tunes .
this cable sends video to my tv . it is feet away . pretty heavy . passes data fine . if you need it , buy it .
a very good tuner with a bright display that picks up just about all registers for a very good price !
this book was amazing and remarkable ! pulls at the heart ! truly inspirational ! i am a fan of cathy glass ! awesome
perfect
the roo case is a wonderful product for a nominal cost . pleased with the quality and how stylish it is . thank you .
i purchased the hands to practice acrylic nails , and they do the job just fine ! iam ready to order more
the acting and writing improved with each episode . the story is exciting and believable most of the time . great show !
this product is great . lightweight , portable , fast release . very rigid for most small , medium and lightweight slrs .
one of the things i like about this , is the ability to use in the car or on a hike
great product only thing is the black color is fading fast and i only had it for about a week .
loved this book . marvellous descriptions and dialogue . simple , uncomplicated storyline . recommended for a holiday or bedtime read .
one of the things that i enjoy about barabara hambly is the thought and what if . mme . delaurie , what if ?
i like the book , but it is too much money for it .
i recommend this phine , with small price and high feature as mentioned in phone description . . . . .
the glasses are lovely . the case the came in was scratched on the inside in two places . otherwise , no complaints .
i only wish that there were really great photos of each plant and a description of where each one grows .
tolkien manages to describe his world in such detail that you always feel like you are part of the adventure .
it was just what i needed for a birthday cakethe cake turned out greati would recommend it to every one
functional and nice curtains . does it's job keeping sun out of room .
i used those adapters to install kenwood speakers on my mustang , everything worked nice and smooth . easy installation , discrete wires .
very comfortable . i was something for work that wasn't cloth and this is perfect .
swatch originals boat trip blue dial white silicone mens watch gw very this realy one exceleent product i love it
i use this router more than any other router in my shop . an outstanding tool .
solid gold , especially tonight i'll be staying here with you hard to find any where else .
comfortable shapeware under not so flattering clingy dress fabrics . makes one feel more confident and bold in trendy tighter styles .
cute , loved this though it took forever to get here , and the back are adjustable which is also a plus .
looks exactly like real cherries ! i was not expecting them to be this real . i will definetly order again . very happy !
got into the first story loved the story line looking forward to seeing more the holiday book was nice addition
this game is a little different because you work together rather than compete . my boyfriend and i think it's really fun .
not used product yet bought allot of products for extra kids and grand kids they seem to lose theirs faster
after hours of playing this beautiful game . yes ! buy it . just don't forget to install dsfix . and use a controller .
this hard to find item keeps shoes from losing shape . much less expensive than cedar shoe trees . good value .
love it . use it daily for my appointment book and my music playlist when teaching spin .
been looking for these ' 's fashion pants for years . in they appeared on amazon ! now i'm a happy camper !
. to a fantastic series . just like the first two , couldn't put it down . i was sad when it was over
my son loves this ! this is a bright , good quality baby toy . the picture really does not do it justice .
i have long preferred to use a calculator watch . this one has a larger display and a more complete display .
funny , irreverent , deliberately outragouse ! very funny show about a nice guy during not so nice times . insightful , thought provoking humor .
for this price this is an awesome deal . great detail and movement . love it . great for any real batman fan .
this is the only movie i watched more than a dozen times . it is that good .
item was exactly what i needed . great size and shape make it easy to transport as needed . works very well .
like the shoes . it's all about the shoes !
not much to say about it . it does what it was designed to do and spreads the beam of light .
it was a gift for my daughter . i'm pretty sure the first issue has arrived by now .
bought the first book and it was so good that i ordered the rest of the series . you will love it
quot siren quot was a gripping mystery with real characters who continued to develop and surprise throughout this suspenseful and realistic novel .
my order was filled and shipped quickly . everyone i serve this coffee to has remarked about how good it tastes .
my nephew is a snowboarder and just loves these socks . he is years old .
love this cd . it brings back happy memories of less complicated times . i listen to it constantly . good choice of songs .
my wife says it's fast she has been using it like a month no problems works and looks great . recommend it .
versatile usage . high quality , well made cards . awesome value . they are everything i expect them and know them to be .
excellent
good quality and a great price compared to what i've seen in the stores . would definitely order a similar product .
these items exceeded our expectations ! great quality and photo on it was very clear ! granddaughter was very happy with them
pretty good stuff ! pretty good quality ! worth the money . you cannot find such good deals in local stores . recommend it .
mixes easily and virtually has no flavor . unlike other proteins that leave clumps and or don't dissolve , this powder mixes great .
the ink cartridges work just fine , and are considerably cheaper than my local office supply stores .
loved the color , style , and texture . just what i wanted for my spare bathroom . price was reasonable also . thank you
great product . works as advertised . a lot of fun for the entire family .
great product great service ! i am happy to now have cutting boards . i feel safe from bacteria with .
upbeat , interesting lyrics , great hook , good vocalist . heard it on the radio and had to add it to my collection .
great fit , easy installation , perfect windshield cleaning for my touareg v . cheapest online price . definitely recommend to other owners
everything went perfectly well !
this book is much more than a philosophy textbook ! a must for anyone interested in the history of human question !
this keyboard is quiet , easy to type on , takes up little space , is comfortable and handy .
just buy this collection . it is worth every penny . every episode is fun to watch not just by kids . true .
this skin decal made my banged up computer look not only brand new , but also adorable . love these skin decals .
nice one and in boxcan be good giftmy husband liked iti'll deal with you againthanx alot
fun game little bit boring though . decent graphics . lots of stuff to do . would say is fun . get it now .
my favorite movie of all time with jennifer lopez . it has a great cast and is very moving and tragic .
they are bigger that i thought they would be . i do like them though .
outstanding ! if you like word games this is a 'hit ' ! downloaded to kindle fire couldn't stop playing ! highly recommended !
acqua di gio is my favorite cologne after prada . recommended for young people .
good style , thick fall jersey material . good price . score
have had these before and lost them , i keep children so this does come in handy for a quick read .
what can be said about this group ? it's hot and happening . where is this cd already ? we love you apollonia !
an enjoyable and engaging overview of the civil war . certain to stir further interest in young readers .
the song playing in the club is run baby run by deadstar
buttery soft sleepwear , i would recommend this to any woman who likes to sleep , relax and lounge around in comfort .
along with some polishing , this spring kit really helped smooth and lighten the trigger pull on my glock . .
comfortable good fit and the size is right , i have trouble finding shoes that fit well . would recommend this brand .
why didn't someone think of this sooner . i use it and it is doing what is says it will do .
i like it , is beautiful
simple and easy to install . perfect like protection for loading unloading cargo . looks nice and i recommend this part
makes pinterest supper easy to use . easy access with pinning and browsing . no regrets . i recommend this app to all .
love them , bought three they look exactly like the picture easy to put together , sturdy and high class looking
what a fun family to watch . not scripted at all . i like the christian values . please keep the series coming !
what a non stop head trip . this is a very entertaining new way to look at favorite stories of old !
works great had no problems i recommend it to anyone that has power problems it definitely does the job perfectly
strong and sturdy . you won't ever have to buy another scoop again . also has perfect grooves to pick everything up .
would purchase again . could not beat the price and arrival took a little while but it was exactly on time .
a cute clean short story ,
love it ! best watch i ever had . would buy another and another . it's super perfect for every occasion . no regrets .
amazing cd . the guitar work here surpassed my expectations which were very high . this is a jewel of a recording .
never knew how much i wanted one until i actually bought it . excellent choice and have enjoyed it thoroughly .
the fit is perfect . its warmer than i expected for being a light weight jacket . light weight , comfortable and durable .
i have tried several products , in all kinds of conditions on the golf course , but dettol is great for gnats .
this kit is very good , the quality and presentation are nice and are elegant for few money , thanks for all !
a really good book and well written too . i really like this amazing book . it's fun to readi like stink !
excellent company . had size exchange , no problems . product arrivedon time and good condition .
great speakers that are exposed to all seasons . we've had them for about years now with no problem
excellent coffee , bold flavor , no bitterness . shipping was fast , and i would definitely order again .
very cute . all my kids months through years love it .
very satidfied with product and seller . arrived in a reasonable amount of time considering it was the christmas mailing season .
we are using these for advanced server and workstation systems and they are totally reliable and stable . thanks amd ! excellent !
i like this bra , the support is great and so comfortable ! this is definitely a great alternative to an underwire .
enjoy not being in a stuffed chair . air to breathe ! built strong for my size . lightweight and not bulky . recommend
this is a good story of triumph over tragedy . a real page turner that i found difficult to put down !
i borrowed this book on kindle from my friend . i really enjoyed the book . it had a great story line .
this book has certainly opened my eyes to better understanding and dealing with a narcissistic person . great insight and very informative .
these are so sexy . my husband loves them . he cant'keep his hands out them when i where them .
our yo loves these and it is easy for him to get them on and off by himself . very pleased .
received many compliments on this case . very sturdy and loved the kick stand . great price and will recommend to others .
keeps the cats away from unwanted areas . may cause cat trauma . use per manufacturer's recommendation . should make a scented refill .
product was exactly what i envisioned when i ordered it . really deep aeration for best results . would recommend , highly ! thankyou .
exactly as the picture , fits as expected not a loose fit . soft material . the necless can be removed if necessary .
full of dilemmas , was for a class report where i go to school and it made for an excellent report
great music . fun variations to old songs , new songs too . my year old loves it ! great for christmas time .
not your boring textbook . very useful and interactive . will definately keep in my library and use it in the schools
i loved it . it was very cute . more than i expected . i highly recommend this product to any one .
degree for men fresh deodorant , cool impact nice product ! last long , worth the money . would recommend for sure ! !
what can be said about this part , it looks strong , it fits and works great . easy enough to install .
this is so concise and practical ! do read his bigger book called mastering leptin for even deeper understanding !
love it , very flexable gel inside to mold around sore areas and stays cold a good minutes
this is a nice , quality item . it's very cute and it holds up well ! love it , thank you so much !
small , inexpensive . but work well . i've used them several times and they perform well and seem rugged enough for average use .
my child's favorite chewelry . she has several , plus it doesn't look out of the ordinary . it is easy to clean .
love it ! it's light and not greasy and with slight coconut smell .
thank you for e bay and kindle for giving it to me and the world they have so many things .
i was not expecting who the bad guy was in this movie . but the bad guy was caught . worth watching .
they got here quick and work better than i thought they would . awesome buy ! looking forward to doing business again .
exactly as described . great for sanding my yellow lab nails and was gentle enough . very durable as well .
very happy with product .
very nice works great ! got this for my year old son for his school and so far so good , nothing broken !
replacing the handle is easy with the assembly provided . this lets you repair the water pik rather than replace it .
i like it
good value
amazing show !
the printer has worked well so far and we love it here at our office
simple . effective . great price . reduces clanging of shackle and the subsequent wear and tear on the bumper . installed in seconds .
i have used this wonderful gel for years . the honey aroma is light and the cream leaves skin soft .
the program is over what i expected . performance is great and such a useful tool .
can't wait to download next book of the series and see the story continue . would higly reco mend to all
decent price , arrived promptly . i've found this to be an excellent carry very unnoticeable , comfortable , and easy to use .
i bought these for my boyfriend . he is very picky but he loved these .
this product is being used by us for a variety of reasons . i will continue to order it . great product .
another catherine coulter fbi book . fantastic fun . you don't have to read these in order , to enjoy them . enough .
this is great for waiting at the doctor's office or just about anywhere you have a long wait to endure
it reminds you of the days of school and teen dances . love the music . lots of songs for the price .
fiance loves it .
i collect angels and bird figurines . i have both collections in one . it inspires me .
best buy for the money . replace all of my can air . it will pay for itself in a month . thanks
i absolutely love this handbag . well made . beautiful leather and solid construction . looks very classy . i have received many compliments .
could increase speed of workers and more productivity in app . but it is a fun game and very cute characters !
fit as described and works great . recomrnd to others , great product , fair price . would buy form this supplier if needed .
plays almost everything , p hd , d , mkv , ts , a bit slow thou , but manageable . no need to buy anything else .
i didn't want this book to end . his life was one of complete dedication to the work of the lord .
was short but easy to understand . had scripture to support concepts . was applicable to every day life . was clearly written .
easy read with many life lessons . and such great characters in it gave as gifts to several friends and family
seems to be working ! on the third week of using this product and things are clearing up slowly but surely .
got it on right after the second try using the steamy shower trick .
absolutely love these shorts comfortable fabric , fit , and length . bought more pair in different colors for the golf season .
loved it . very entertaining and fun movie . very family friendly and i would recommend it to anyone . rent it today .
works well we are storing coffee beans in it . rather large i should get the next size down .
love the project series by lukeman .
i truly enjoy this movie it's worth every star i will advise every one to watch it great great show
i like to read these books i read the whole series so i say a star is good enough
these jeans are flattering , comfortable , and the perfect length for petites . they are stretchy and keep their shape . love them !
they look just like my real tanzanite necklace . they match it very well , pretty light purple color . great size also .
i love the unique quirky characters and the ways they cope with today's ugly situations together in solid nonjudgmental style .
love it
these are really nice . excellent quality . don't slip off ankle and down into shoe . nice looking and i would definitely purchase these again .
great app
it was a gift , my daughter loved it !
such a great cd dvd i had to buy the bluray . great recording and performance . i should have seen the tour .
it works good . i have better luck striking on a thick piece of steel rather than wood .
this is a pretty cute visor organizer . it fits perfectly with my other hello kitty stuff in my car . yay !
very cute ! they are very small hence the mini description .
i absolutely loved this story . i couldn't stop reading and didn't want it to end ! def a must read
the tshirt fits great , not tight or active cut . just normal tshirt cut . it is super soft . boyfriend loves it !
amazing product ! i absolutely love these pillow cases ! exactly as described and the perfect touch to my wildlife theme
bought these for my daughters music lessons , they are well made and carry everything they need for lessons , highly recommend !
it is soo fun . it is really addicting . i play it . my dad and grandparents play it . fun for all ages .
it goes with so many things and it looks awesome ! you can wear it tons of ways , and it's fun .
works as advertised . got it for my dad and he enjoys it . wasnt bunched up , alignments are helpful as well .
nice collection fast read .
american tv should take note . doubt if they have the talent or inclination for anything like this . i hope iam wrong .
nice product
hands down best ps game !
works ok but there should be a early release to better regulate stripping . for the money it is worth it .
after reading the other reviews , i ordered a size smaller than i usually wore and they fit perfectly . just right .
this book is excellent ! account of her experience and excellent reading uplifting perfect book for someone needing encouragement and hope .
it was exactly as we ordered and the price was excellent . can't ask for more in a transaction !
interesting because i live in florida and can relate to areas . unexpected ending . had humor and a variety of charactors .
works good . i still need to read the directions and use the virus accounting to the directions and then will
i loved this phone case ! the quality is very nice and its a sterdy case . i would highly recommended this item .
simply stated the album is flawless and a joy to listen to . i can't get it away from my ears .
works well on my dell streak whitch also works well . very low cost for a hard to find item . amen .
same that i bought with the original kitchenaid . it is not heavy . good quality . good price . arrived in short time .
recommended good for restaurant and hotels very good quality stalling steelwe use a lot and work very good
after upgrading the firmware , my motherboard took this chip without any problems . nice and fast without any hassle . highly recommended !
the best leather kicking shield that i buy . excellent for kick and punch . good weight and handler . i love it .
great series
easy assembly and large screen made this a great asset to our training program . i would definetly reccomend this screen .
i love this plushie , make a figure ! i just wish his eyes were correct there supposed to be blue
a voice like no other . raw and sexy . this entire cd is so micheal grimm ! nice duet with bill medley .
works perfect .
very nice indeed .
fits in my suitcase so now i can hoop when i travel ! kind of expensive but what can you do ?
just as nice as the oem but a ton cheaper . give it a try you will not be disappointed . recommend definitely !
very easy for on the go and a healthy lunch for work . love how easy it is to make also
good quality , excellent fit
i bought the kerastase nutritive oleo relax for a friend and she loves it . would buy it again despite the price .
great service . item as described
plain , simple , and fits just fine ! would recommend if all you're looking for is something to keep your kindle safe !
action , romance , sacrifice . this is a great movie . i would recommend it to any fan of the hunger games series .
thumbs up on this series a great watch for anyone who is into our history and the stories from pappy .
it was what i wanted .
exactly as expecter
sounds great and easy to use . my granddaughter loves to see me march to her music ! . made a good gift .
i gave this phone for a gift as i own one myself . panasonic never fails me on there products .
great historical perspective on health care . lots of natural medicine ideas may keep it for the apocalypse cause who knows .
this was a good purchase and the unit works well . haha i said unit .
great movie . i enjoyed it . james franco was great in this movie .
amazing . just amazing . i cried and laughed so much . i just don't know what to say . thank you ednah walters
kept your interest page to page . will definitely read more books from maggie o'farrell . highly recommend . reading her latest now .
great fit . true to size . finally a night gown that is cotton and is long . sleeve length is perfect !
i like this brand , i work with her for a long time and works very good in all my equipments
perfect attatchment ! very easy to use , clean and also storage . the pasta was delicious ! i highly recommend it !
this is a fantstic price for this item . better than less than other stores . works great too !
works as described and arrived earlier than expected . it's made of good quality plastic and the suction worked fine . recommended
never baked with coconut flour . this is greatmy family has found everything has so much more flavor with coconut flour
it did everything that i need to do and more i like the bigger kit . thank u very much .
received my product quickly and it was packaged nicely . the price was right . will order from this company again .
perfect
this was a great addition to my collection . made greatand i liked it right away . this is definitely different .
i love the stories . i can't wait for more books from elizabeth hunter . would definitely recommend this series to others .
good machine till now . i have used it just once and it worked good over two heads te same day .
prompt shippping during holiday season , book was delivered exactly as description stated . i am very pleased .
i replaced the halajon bulbs on my dacor vent hood . perfect ! nice cool lighting , dimmable . another way to save energy .
my niece hasn't put it down since she got it . 'nuff said .
great glove for the money
i am a hercule poirot fanatic . in the last year i have read of his stories by agathachristie .
i love these . they fit nicely into all those spice containers with small access holes .
the music and singing is great . this movie kept my attention and think this movie is for any age .
very awesome film . scares , crazy effects and an intersting story . finally a directors cut on dvd !
great charger ! it works well , no problems . my original charger stopped working . thank you so much . i absolutely love it !
it , s grey not blck and that's what i wanted . i am prestige master andcan show my pride everywhere i go .
i like all of it ! it is good quality as i expected , the watch is stylish , sportiv or even elegant .
underground is an excellent book that holds the reader spellbound right from the very beginning . i highly recommend this book .
this s a favorite joan wolf and so pleased to see it in kindle . two strong characters make wise choices .
well written , excellent book ! full of godly wisdom !
this book changes lives . a must read for everyone !
purchased to replace to a cassette tapeeven sounds better from the cd
takes a few time to get it just right , meaning no air bubbles . once on correctly it does the job !
loved the story and the familiar setting . a shining example of love and forgiveness .
love the pink perfect size for little hands . it's very handy for scary bus rides ! i would buy again !
this puzzle is great ! a good size for a table top or the floor . well made too . love the colors !
very happy with this product
anyone else wish they'd included 'only a northern song' , 'all together now' , 'hey bulldog' amp 'it's all too much' ?
great quality and doesnt smell like other bottles .
i always have to open my fiances bottles of wine and this makes it so easy and kinda fun haha !
the original was lost in the mail , got a replacement the next week . response was excellent . gotta love them giants
i bought this to replace my film slr camera , great first choice , easy to use fun to take pics with .
excellent !
one show i'm not afraid to watch with my kids . plus it's hilarious i would recommend it for everyone .
this fluidmaster connector works just fine and cost nearly half of what it would have locally , i would purchase again .
i loved this book ! it spooked me and kept me guessing ! excited for the next adventure with this great author .
this is a good product for a great price
great for those family road trips !
great pieces showed up as pictured . had a few ruff edges but great all in all . very happy with them
this is a good book and a good way to get it and it will teach and learn every one
kelly by far the best book in the wanted series . i fall deeper in love with these characters every book .
so glad i was able to find this cd !
this was one of the best books i've ever read , recommend it highly ! grisham has outdone himself with this one .
great product and service . the product was as advertized and was true to the description . ubiquinol gold works try it .
i received my order very fast .
my husband loves the camp pattern and they are very soft and comfortable . great for walking around a hunting lodge .
amazing and easy to put up , would reccomend to everyone . great for saving campsites , because it just pops up in seconds .
delicate and unique ! my year old daughter loves it ! it is not flashy but attracts attention ! i reccomendit highly !
quick ship . perfect for the job . very sturdy
the first listen eeehhhh , the th listen mmmmm , th , luv it maybe their best since , luv it !
delicious
i was very satisfied with the condition and timely manner i received the book in
this is a good movie and my parents like to watch it at times . it keeps them occupied when traveling
love it ! hope it continues to go on into the next chapters ! i can't wait to see what happens next !
it's useful and must be uquibitous as a hammer . it's must be at every home . i like it very much .
the target is what i was looking for . they are standard target and therefore there is very little to add .
ludacris is a very different rapper who has a very creative way of expressing himself . i love his technic
love it .
very good book . reminds me of steve berry's cotton malone series . if you enjoy those you'll like the project series !
works better than expected . concise usage of the language is for more valuable than verbosity don't you think that's correct ?
ace atkins does a good job of keeping the spenser series alive and well .
i love this because when ever your broad and you don't have anything to do . you could go on this !
as usual , the story is riveting and keeps your attention . the jack ryan story continues ! i highly recommend this book .
thought it would be a little more glam but its still cute . might order another one for my right ear
works great . using in kitchen under cabinets for staging . best solution without spending 's for ac powered cabinet lighting .
they look just like they do in the picture , and they were a perfect fit .
it seems like it's never been opened before . it's as good as new . i love this set , it's amazing .
best bat around love it
heard so much about this show so had to buy . now i cannot wait for season to come out .
quick delivery . beautiful set
the rug is colorful and makes a whimsical and bold statement in the bathroom . i'm very pleased with it . thanks .
that is my son's house , he loves it , and he plays every day in it . thank you very much .
love this stuff . i prefer the brush instead of the sponge applicator . this was as described what i wanted .
i loved this item . it comes neatly packaged and the cloth doesn't have any unintentional creases in it . great buy !
love it but . had it for almost a year and it shattered during the vacuuming process , enjoyed it up until now however .
my cockapoos love these treats ! but don't give more than at a time , high in calories ! highly recommend
love the case . perfect fit , protects well . does not come with screen protector had to order separate . love this case !
nostalgic , warm fuzzy story within a truly suspense filled novel . no further comments required , but for the word minimum .
on the edge of my seat all the way through . i had to pull an all nighter for this one . cindykay
loved it !
the shirt was much better then the picture . was given to my grandson from il . he was very happy . would buy another .
i love that i can catch up on local news on my kindle fire hd . it is a great app
this book offers an excellent assortment of composed , puritan prayers . excellent for devotional and or liturgical use !
i was pleasantly surprised with this great little hammock for relatively inexpensive price , it is well made and comfortable to use .
have found this very helpful and a nice change when teaching learning sign language . thanks
my mother loves ronnie milsap so i got it for her for a christmas gift . i also love this tape . great
great maps ! super detailed , recently updated , tear resistant , waterproof , all the bwcaw area , win !
some loves it . it fits pretty true to size . he would wear it every day if i would let him .
i really enjoyed the selection in march . each of the four stories were well written with well defined characters .
worked great ! installed easier than expected and now i has all three speeds on heater fan . thankyou very much . barry
mi prima me lo recomendo , esta interesante . lo recomiendo a todos los que les gusta leer . my interesante el libro .
we purchased the jar base because our original base broke . it works just as good as the original one did .
i liked it , read it in one day and feel like it was very much worth it ! lt it !
just started playing , it is fun so far . not too easy . seems like it could be fun for a while .
very easy to install and program . had little trouble aligning pins at pci e slot . internal port is very useful to have .
item is durable and looks exactly like the picture . i would recommend this case plus it comes with cool accessories .
i cannot wait to start work on my canvas piece using this book . pictures , templates , and instructions are very self explanatory .
plenty of crisp clear flash to use or practice with in various styles . worked great on my kindle as well .
perfect , the slims help with the wonky boat feeling after wearing them for a while , these are great for me .
my eau de parfum ! arrived perfect and on time .
not going to lie . i'm a little to old to be reading this but it was surprisingly good . would recommend
always enjoy jill's books . here's another good one ! interesting characters . and makes you want to stay up all night reading .
purchased to grow catnip for sweet cats and they love i bring into the house so they can enjoy thanks
this book was just as good as the first one ! if not better ! hopefully book five keeps up with it !
love all wilton products , very useful , professional , i'm a baker and all these tools made my work easy , so happy !
these jeans are my favorite particularly because they have a narrow leg and don't look fat .
i am glad mariah is doing well , she deserves it . all of her songs are great . she is very talented .
perhaps my baby is just real messy , but this could be bigger so it covers more of the floor .
not as good as the original , but very good sci fi . no body looks better than linda harrison . thank you .
loved it ! i liked the way all the pieces came together and didn't anticipate the conclusion .
super easy to put together , excellent quality , bright colors , comfy !
amazingg ! love it
shipped fast , product new in box and reasonalble price , would gladly buy from this seller again .
made my son's b day ! it was the hit of his party even kept the grown ups entertained with the graphics .
product looks great in my classroom . i recieved the item right away which made it nice .
if you loved them in their early days , this will be more good stuff at their best .
useful apps with good descriptions as well as simplified instructions on how to activate . proved to be a usefule purchase .
the title song is amazing . waking up is fantastic , managing successfully to combine both a classical and futuristic sound .
my friends felt in love with them
very nice charger and works well with my pantech burst phone . nice long cord and could not beat the price .
very good item by it discount price . not for small school boys , but for end of school or man . hi quality , fast delivery .
it is very informative . tells what is a good site and a bad site . tells you where to find information .
a little tight in the corners . maybe it did shrink after i washed it ?
really like this case , it seems to provide good protection and looks good too . i am happy thati got this .
this cross is beautiful and very elegant . an classy way to have a religious article in your home . get it !
the slimclip is awesome and i actually went out and bought two more for family and friends , shipped very quickly !
ah what a beautiful mix of intelligent yet somehow innocent self destruction for all of the right reasons . good stuff .
cute and great for the beach and pool !
a
best go to conditioner without greasiness when your scalp gets dry and patchy ! added bonus is it soothes an itchy scalp
grandson loved putting on this protective gear and ride his cars scooter . arrived on time and in perfect condition . thanks .
i ordered my new kindle on cyber monday morning . my experience was great . member of amazon prime . ordering was easy .
very good but over priced for a regular diet . for those who can't have carbs , a very nice occassional treat .
great device , but as expected after reading the prior review . reanimated already dead batteries . easy to use , clear instructions . recommend .
this game is challenging and fun perfect for kids and adults perfect for any one and its free to download
i love this .
these are delicious . very calming to the stomach . just plain delicious . it's like ginger taffy with apple spice sprinkled in .
love this product !
wonderful product and very inexpensive . price is competitive to warehouse clubs and much cheaper than the brand prilosec or nexium .
a must buy for parents or people that drive children around .
to me this was a wonderful reminder that i am only as alone as i want to be . be blessed .
it was used for a halloween party and we enjoyed it very much and everyone liked the chain i used
the bracelet is a nice size and weight and falls just right on the wrist .
good footage , narrative . accurate depiction of genre . brought drivers to life . more than a documentary . i will watch it again
fits my pistols very well and with the quick disconnect kit is easily mounted to almost any surface . highly recommended .
it protects the screen and the phone its hard to press the power button but its worth the protection . amazing
a most useful tool to baste anything and also to easily separate fat from any liquid . highly recommended
works just like a hammer should . seems to be made of very good material and should last a long time .
this was just what we wanted . it was in excellent condition and the cover that came with it is wonderful .
awesome
love it
i love it but the case is too soft . not strong
good as a counter top fruit basket . basket dividers aren't really needed . i would buy this item again if needed .
very convenient with three dogs and a fenced in yard !
purchased for use with raggedy ann costume . worked out well , but few children these days know who raggedy ann is .
i use this every morning on my face and neck . it is nice and light and non greasy . love it .
very happy with its performance and price . attach it to a heli and make a nice video of your neighborhood .
my son had this cross on his wanelo account . i ordered it and he was very happy with the cross .
my son needed something to help him get his practice time . this has worked ut famously . i recommend this product .
.
these are reasonably comfortable and offer good sound quality . i use them for online video or itunes on my pc .
the moisture meter saved me from delivering wet firewood that i thought was seasoned . works well .
thank you for the book ! you don't even know how long i've been looking for it ! pleasure doing business with you !
delicious ! very tasty treat . just right for a late night munchie , crumble some on sticky white rice ! we loved them !
such an amazing true story and you become connected with every character during a tumultuous time in our american history .
brighter than pictured and it's water resistance could almost be called waterproof despite not being labeled as so . good length .
excellent . i loved them . they were a big hit . could not have gotten a better gift for my wife
worked great , the fit was a little tight and it took a little wiggling to get into the outlets .
this is my favorite terry mcmillan book . it's a great and well written story .
i love it it works great u can smell and feel the difference in the air . i would recommend
enjoyed this portion of the trilogy . the characters picked up right where they left off in the hunger games . recommend .
if you like marvel comics or marvel movies this is for you . well done . good story line . great special effects .
applying this after using the shampoo is a nice finish . it makes your hair silky and smooth after blow drying .
received as expected
a really good book and i really enjoyed reading it for the second time already . five out of five stars !
i love it . the book was just what i expected and is easy to use . keep up the great work .
very good , love the virgin river series and getting them on the kindle is so fast and easy . great read
this is a great book the challenges the way dating is lived out . joshua harris .
loved the whole plot and characters . marillier has become a favorite author . can't wait for the next book to read
the best venom cd in years not as good as welcome to hell , but hey . . .
i needed them for my phonei liked the pricei would recommenr them to my family and friends also .
good book , great price .
the book is not only interesting but also very informative ! i enjoyed it a lot and recommend it to everyone .
they do work and you have to use them every night . i have no problem sleeping with them on .
great factory battery . great price .
i bought this adapter for a friend and she has no complains about it , she's pleased .
very high quality mug , bright raised letters , should last for years
schylling musical hand bells was a purchase for the toys for tots christmas toy drive . i never saw them .
ah yes , i can't read fast enough and then i'll have to read it again ! amazing !
i like it so far but havent had it that long , but it seems good , fits my bodyguard great .
the dogs love , love , love them ! it as just what i needed . thanks for the quick response and great service .
great headphones for gaming . i waspleasantly surprised by the vengeance headphones and the quality they offered . my recommendation to buy
love pat conroy , always forever . his best book . he is a super author with great descriptions and memories . buy it !
perfect size for my kitchen . this is my second one purchased . very comfortable .
low fat peanut butter , nothing more to say ! takes great , i add to smoothies and other recipes .
the miracle blade block holds the miracle knifes safely . i would certainly recommend this to anyone .
exciting , surprising , good to read about more mature people can still have worth to this country . stimulating . just enjoyed it tremendously .
they are very cute and comfortable . i would refer these to my friends . he just loves them . i'm very impressed
cats claw was an amazing book ! i can't wait to get my hands on another amber benson book !
i bought this for my cousin as a birthday gift , and it was hilarious ! it does not disappoint !
this ethernet cable works exactly as expected , was delivered quickly and was an excellent value . i can highly recommend it .
very fun but do not like the money emphasis but it is free so they have to get revenue somehow .
i love the scotch tape . has a new ergonomic design .
i said perfect . seventeen more words aren't needed . i said perfect and that's what i meant . are you deaf , dammit ?
love this song . my kids and i watch the video over and over its very unique and different . recommended .
muy buenoel pedido lleg oacute a tiempo . me gust oacute mucho haber pedido a esta compa ntilde iacute a . muchas gracias por el buen servicio .
i love this book . it provides comedy , mystery and romance and keeps you guessing all the way through . a must read !
delightful . this book at first actually reminded me of anne of green gables , but with an ending entirely unique .
what a difference a wig cap makes . these are great just what we wanted for a cosplay outfit . perfect , thanks !
product was second hand and work good unit was as described and shipped fast will do business with vendor again
was a really goo written book i will buy more later when i can afford when s s comes
this is real cute and works well . great to put money in at christmas . i would highly recommend it .
as with all of the purchases from blue banana i love this dress . the fit is perfect and sexy looking d
wonderful series . engaging and exciting world that we gt immersed in and characters we care about . good job mr . obrien
it's a good fun app but when i tried to connect to facebook it wouldn't let me
all three movies were good if you like down home funny movies and burt reynolds .
my childhood whouldn't be the same without depeche mode scaring my mother with song lyrics questioning the existance of god !
ty segall why have you sold out ? you went from being a garage rock god to writing ballet concerts . lame .
the book was all that i thought it would be after reading book . this book left me wanting more .
this is a solid wood and sturdy crib , clean design , relatively easy installation . love the two tone wood . would recommend !
i love this oil . makes the room smell wonderful . lasts a long time before having to refill . will buy again .
my grandchildren love the leap frog learning tools . they have several of them . i definitely recommend this product to others .
the shirt looks exactly like the picture , and it is very comfortable , and holds up great in the wash !
one of their best songs if not the best .
i'm a firm believer in the benifits of green tea and blueberry . this is a sure way of getting your dailey .
this is a very cute dvd . my granddaughter loves it . she is watching it right now . was exactly what i wanted .
enjoyed the book some much i bought the next . its an okay read for the price i guess yes
my daughter loves these .
beautiful voice , beautiful music to relax too . had this cd for probably years and love hearing it .
great sony product ! compact unit contains an lcd display , that , provides you with each battery's condition . very easy to use .
this game is amazing all the cars are fun to use and it is much better than the first one
i'm very happy with this purchase , and would absolutely buy more of this brand of shoe . the quality is high .
this is a great little pocket cookbook . it has several recipes i can't wait to try . i definitely recommend it .
does provide great support but is a little small
world class artists performings in a world class compilation of greatest hits and great filler material . highly recommend to all
very nice quality material . fits well , not to small and not to big . stays on and stretchy . it's a hat .
great read i've read all of them now i believe . keeps you on your toes so definite recommend to read
i bought these batteries to replace the batteries in some small battery operated votive candles . they work great . fast ship .
this song is a good one could have used a little more bass bit other than that it is great .
extremely well thought out tool . i'm extremely pleased ! xxxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxxxxx xxx
excellent overview and nice examples , the standard book of its kind . good starting and study reference for celtic style art .
old school country but great songs ! good country music never getts old ! family favorite at our house ! good , clean , and a wonder tune all !
theyre my fav band well along with a few others . but whats not to love . . . . .
easy enough for beginners challenging enough for scrabble lovers . just a fun game overall .
loved it
great service . quality product .
i love this item . very convenient for me and my daughter to charger our phones at the same time . i recommend it .
these are cute and my friend loved them . they say tooth pick holders but make great shot glasses !
great design ! real shock proof ! and very light , the clear material alliow viewing smartphone original design . highly recommended
this works like a charm ! dims them way down and still allows them to be super bright ! i love it
worked very well on my wood stove , helped manage heat . have used for a couple of weeks , would buy again .
completed my collection with a piece that was hard for me to find . anything bubbles derpy is special . thank you .
much improved over season ! thanks to the continued character development i now love this show ! please keep it coming !
arrived in excellent condition , it was packaged beautifully and is one of the most beautiful renditions of verdi's opera ever .
good item
probably the best book i have ever read in my life . mostly because of the suspense . i loved it ! recommended for all !
my son is happy with the product . works great for pc gaming . will buy again and recommend it !
very happy with this book as grandkids both enjoyed it . much better that watching a passive television show . thank you .
really nice feel , light no residue . smells really nice and clean . no problems with allergies and i have sensitive skin .
these fit so well and are very comfortable . they also wash well and hold their shape . will definitely buy again .
pretty good especially if you have lots of time to waste like i do . lots of simple but interesting games
great
these cards are great for christmas . excellent quality and design . they are something the receiver would be happy to display .
love the lights i do a lot of night work and they really light up the work sight excellent lights .
amazing mount was very easy to use simple and doesn't get on the way i really recommend this mount
i used it only once , but i allready feel my skin tightening . i would recommend the roller to my friends .
like a massage foryour mouth , the waterpik dothbuzz the plaque away .
i would recommend this book to everyone . it was a great read and i appreciate sister souljah as an author
used as a read aloud for my th graders . they were engaged and couldn't wait to hear what happened next .
great shoes ! i teach high school and i am on my feet all day . these shoes were comfy and stylish
smells good , highly recommend to family , friends . producto muy bueno lo recomiendo para todo uso , carrs , comida ! face book
this is a very well illustrated book for little ones to see and be read to .
awesome good quality shirt . love it
and it's cheaper than in any health store . it is a very good quality product . i will reorder again soon .
overall a good read , but a bit slow in some places .
by far their best job according to my opinion you have to buy it if you are a beirut fun !
i love this stuff did what it said it would
i can use my printer without having to think it cost me too muchmoney and i love it thanks
an honest and revealing look at war . a must read for anyone who thinks war is glorious . an excellent read
great flick . . . a classic . likely the most realistic depiction of fire i have ever seen
this was a birthday gift for a three year old girl . she carries it with her wherever she goes !
great product works as advertised ! the carrier straps for the belt work great . quick and easy retrival of your camera !
i love this because pokemon yellow is my favorite game .
very fine writing .
enjoyed the story line and how the characters were together . good suspense combined with romance . recommend to read this
bought it for my daughter , the dr who fan . she likes it and it looks just like the picture online
this littlest pet shop activity set color change creation case from giddy up ! is lots of enjoyment for my granddaughter !
this series is fun , interesting and feel good stuff . love it ! never dull and not predictable . the character development is right on .
my son loved him ! we could not believe how tall he was ! much bigger than his other sonic plush toys !
it works perfectly ! i use it for my protein shakes and to mix eggs for my omelette
love it ! thanksworks well , dosent slide off like most koozie's . perfect to keep my beer cold rock ktm
awesome awesome awesome awesome is the best word to describe this gummy we all live it and keep wanting more
works well . built to last . easy to add to . no issues in the two weeks it's been in use . word .
comfortable . light weight and keep feet dry . typical merrell quality and fit . high traction and stability , i am very satisfied
i always wanted to know how beer is made and this show answered every question i had concerning the process .
very impressed w pillows well made and comfortable if youu are looking to purchase new pillows these will fit the bill !
i thought it was going to be smaller but glad it wasn't . shipped and received fast . my sister loved it
good balls
loved it . so inspirational . i recommend it to anyone who likes running or just likes reading in general . ! !
i like when items are exactly as described . very happy with this purchase . a little expensive , but good .
the best show on hbo . will be sorely missed . look forward to seeing this on the big screen !
really filled with lotalove awesomejust made some ingredient adapts for our country and voil agrave excellent breakfast done !
this is a very good book about redemption and grace . highly recommended for seeing grace and mercy at work always .
like it for the prices i got it . works and sometimes i need it . i m getting ready to order another one .
my wife loves this !
looks real good , awesome quality pictures ! kellin has officially slept me with me haha , but i recommend this product .
delicious ! best i ever ate , been my favorite for years . just so difficult to find !
the rings were exactly as described . they added a beautiful touch to my jewelry projects . i will buy them again .
this is great ! i have never had such smokey eyes so easy ! just get it !
i love bruce springsteen ! his version of santa claus is comin to town is hands down my favorite ! love it !
sturdy and well made . much better than expected for the price . looks great on the wall holding my wedding picture .
was much better than expected ! fits well with my tv . such an improvement in the sound . thank you very much .
my years old son use this book and he love it . it is a very good book for beginner .
delightful book . great for children and maybe future conlangers !
i love it , works like a charm .
i really enjoyed this book great characters and settings . ms . blackwell has a real talent for writing mysteries complete with plot twists .
great product ! easy and safe to use on all surfaces . a worthwhile and smart investment .
great , durable hoses . i have replaced most of my hoses with this brand .
my one year old granddaughter loves this toy and her year old sister enjoys it too . a giggle producer !
iabsolutely live this game ! i love any kind of game that makes you use your brains a little but anyway .
interesting perspectivegood for any age especially those of us who are olderenjoyed ot a lot have recommended this to others
product is exactly as described . works well . fits perfectly . it is also more accurate than touchscreen typing with fat fingers .
very good ideas
this headlamb surprise me . it is very light and resistent . besides is water resistent and have a powerful white light .
this lanyard fits very well . its quite bright and well made . consider washing it too alleviate stiffness . remember semper fi .
candles are great as to the use for them . they come in their own container and are easy to light !
it is a little more on the orange red color , but i think i love it even more because of it !
good quality shirt . very bright red with bold white lettering . no shrinkage so far . very satisfied with purchase . go buy
bought for daughter , looks great on wall
everything that i expected after this was recommended to me , i was able to identify with what was being written .
didn't have season two and bought it for a lot less than i found in stores . nothing to follow . satisfied .
silly to read this . it makes your shaver good as new . you either like it or you dont .
great start for my day . catches me up in everything new jersey . personalities are upbeat , lively throughout the entire day .
a wonderful story and i'll be reading the others by marti talbott
this violin is really good for its price and it came with pretty much everything you will need to start
good story . quick read .
book arrived nicely .
the books looks great . it has been expanded since my last copy . i'm glad to have it in my library .
perfect ! ive used these at my work , there the only flash drive i use . never have had any problems with these .
this does a great job . it can be a little loud at full speed , but it gets things done fast .
a really nice shirt with a special statement from duane at the dawn of a new year . a definite winner .
great download and great prices threw amazon mp 's if it's not the original artist you could of fooled me
this bag is essential for your delicate clothing items . the price was right and delivery was quick .
a really good product for its price and in my opinion the best gtx of all brands and variations .
great book cant wait to read the rest of the series and other books by sarra cannon . . .
great story of persevering to achieve the life you desire . not living through someone else . faith in all things possible .
i love anything elvis presley so this movie was great addition to my library . thank you so very very much !
i rate u guys a because i got my stuff in time and it worked i thank you guys
great app ! love the look and easy to play , just don't like the advertising when i start over game . but it's ok .
i'll keep it simple . good price . great delivery . outstanding tv . beautiful picture . impressive sound ! this is the one you want .
belt fit perfectly and was easy to install . planer works fine . would recommend this source for other replacement belt . thanks .
wear it every day and have gotten numerous compliments .
i thought this was cute , and it was a good deal . it's served it's purpose well . i'm still using it .
like the look wish it was a little more sturdier then it is ! nice color and easy to put together !
if you are over fifty , this movie is outstanding ! the acting is superb and the situations are oh so real .
great plate hangers as i have many plates to hang . good quality and great price . thank you so very much .
i love celine dion . taking chances is an awesome cd . gretchen g tillbernice , la usa
this was an awesome gift ! it's unique and just awesome to open up and see huge reese's cups !
great company wonderful product
this was everything that i was hoping it would be . it came in the condition i expected and quickly .
my husband and i tried this product last night and let me tell you the great times we had
it's ok game needs free hints and more escape routes . possibly different halls to go down . overall it's pretty fun
i love all of nine west shoes . i wear these to work all the time , sexy and comfie . must buy
the kids love playing with it and haven't had any issues at all so far . good product for the money !
the dogs sniff these out right away and it keeps them entertained .
the case looks great and is of a very good quality . i'm happy that i purchased this . i've gotten compliments .
this is a great movie . love the action scenes and there are some great one liners . realistic , no . fun to watch , absolutely .
great had to order a size larger really glad i did . wish the leather was't patchwork but for the cost . o' well
this series makes you think about the possibility of souls still being on earth after death in an amusing way .
this kayak is very well made . we weren't sure what to expect and we are very pleased with our purchase .
good cable .
great face , keeps accurate time and has some heft to it . band a little small and nondescript . very nice watch .
i ordered this dvd for my sister and she love the movie . the movie is a very good quality . yes
the hero n heroine's discovery of their own heart leads them to each other in this christian romance . sweet read !
put these on and went for an hour hike with the dogs . fit is great , very comfortable and great support
works like a charm . get it if you want reliability . installed it in inch macbook pro unibody . i
works well , as described , that just about covers it , i don't need so many words to say it works . thanks
since i'm over . ugh . i find that just stretching is much more effective . this video does thatwould recommend to all
very cute !
you could almost see how the forces combined to create the level of pain for all concerned . gripping and action packed .
great acting and writing . good work ! looking forward to watching more episodes . thank you for making it available to me .
i purchased this as a gift for my mother in law , she was very pleased with the detail on this item
i love these silver jeans . not tight in the thighs , they wash great and are comfortable . i'm ordering another pair .
very good love story
this is one of the most interesting book about bird photography . author aspect of photography . everyone must read it
well seeing i love jigsaws this puzzle kept me amused when waiting in hospital and other appointments so thanks again
it worked as good as what we were using . maybe even better . we will reorder real soon again soon . thanks
funny great hat
my yr . old son and i enjoyed the xindi episodes very much , we will order the other seasons later .
i only hope there will be more of terry pratchett's discworld series turned into movies . bring on the city watch !
my eyes feel refreshed , drops do not sting my eyes and i'll keep you updated on my vision ! thank you
will and grace are endorphins for me it makes me happy to watch them no matter what the season
heavy duty and easy to install . used with tv and had it installed and working in about thirty minutes .
easy to operate , quick read , and just all around convenient , i am pleased with this product .
we all loved it pretty amazing what it can do . a fun item for christmas stockings very reasonably priced .
great paper . being a teacher some supplies are cheap . these are not and worth the money . i will buy more
i like the case but it doesnt stay on the phone and i have dropped it a couple of times
it was good to seee the famous rockettes . we will be watching this every christmas season from now on .
this is another outstanding book . there are a lot of twists and turns . i had trouble putting the book down .
just as fun as the other golden trails games and for the same reasons . lots of fun with great graphics .
i love the fit and feel of this pair of jean shorts . they are perfect for me . i love them .
rocked my world . and my van
this is a very nice ring . it is very shiny , and also very . very cool .
i love this book . phyllis whitney is one of the greats ! please keep them coming
my first purchase of essential oils and i was not disappointed . will purchase more oils in the future . thank you
a fresh and informed description of elijah and israel . it kept me reading until i eventually finished . will re visit often .
great story , my kids loved it , and i have been looking for this vhs for over a year .
totally great read and it was awesome . i really liked the characters . i can't wait to read the next book .
this little gadget works great ! you don't have to charge it , and it works through any radio or stereo system .
great for plating dishes
grandson received this for christmas and was so excited to see it ! this was a great addition to his collection .
pretty good for what i paid isn't as loud as i was hoping for but still a really good speaker .
we didn't think these would make a difference but they really do . very sturdy and can expand
well worth your money it helps in balancing meals and also , cheaper than buying it in fiesta or any supermarket !
this case is pretty and fit my iphone . the price is reasonable . i like the pattern on the case too .
real handi
classic style , elegant but yet durable for every day . i use it almost everyday as serving bowl . dish washer safe .
the title explains it all . can't beat the price and it does what it is intended to do . no complaints !
it was just beautiful . i love it
very pleased with the quality . my granddaughter loved it !
it worked for what i needed it for
this is amazing ! it's so cool i love it soooo much . it looks great on my phone , i got two .
very nice and the price was right . would and have purchased them before . would recommend to my friends family
great series and photography . dennis haysbert does a great acting job . the show is action packed with plots and sub plots .
i do , i really do like it . now i need more words to hit the submit button . word word word
as always , morgan freeman did an excellent job . it never ceases to amaze me , how versatile an actor he is .
my grandson loved this stuffed dog . it was just the right size , and very soft and cuddly . an excellent toy .
a wonderful story of hope amid the devastation of war . it shows the best of mankind when nothing makes sense .
beautiful watch and even more beautiful brown straps , a tag small for my son wrist , but good value overall
bought for my niece at christmas and it is great ! we wanted something functional and not bulky , this is perfect !
i love amazon
being a inexperienced baker , was looking for and easy to understand , finally found it and the price wow ! the best
just what i was expecting . love my new case and every body at work too ! i will recommend for sure !
awsome ! did exactly what it was suposed to do . good product
as expected of canon , the hard case is well made , it excepts my t i with standard lens perfect . great case .
this was such a romantic book . i would read it again . the characters come to life . and you will love them all !
hard hitting and well documented . if you are a liberal , you better have a thick skin !
appropriatly sized for my face , i like the fit and over all look happy i purchased it .
this movie was really funny crocodile is a regular over grown . but it has some heart warming scenes . realistic awesomeness .
i enjoyed the book very much . i would recommend to anyone that likes romance books . i like romance novels now .
hey thank you for this awesome card . i like all of eevee's evolutions and i can't wait for more
my wife looks good in it . she's happy i'm happy . we love sports . good hat and i thank ya .
i bought this book to increase my knowledge about this particular religion . it's very easy understand and interesting to read .
nice look , and quality made . durable and attractive . bright face and substantial size yet not too big . well made product .
my mom loves these movies , switching them from vhs to dvd and she was so happy to get this one !
nice hat , fast delivery and fits as expected .
i was so caught up in this book i couldn't stop reading . had me in the first chapter . loved it
this is the most frustrating , brilliantly conceived and mind blowing game ever . i cannot easily to start the next chapter !
amazing how well the inspector alleyn mysteries collection hold up . anyone who likes the traditional detective story will love these .
nice set of allen wrenches . and holders stop me from loosing them .
will continue to buy this brand of coconut oil . over half of it is used as a lotion .
quentin blows himself up in grand style in this one . i love everything he does . another bloody masterpiece for sure
great product would recommend to others .
a good book that introduces the reader to the labview side of programming for the nxt .
my husband loves them . he says they are comfortably secure and i love the way his package looks in them
excelent ! must read !
good , but short . anything by stephen king is good reading . always look forward to anything he writes . stephen king rules !
granddaughter wanted and grandpa ordered , she loved it so i do . the guide line says i need more words .
worked great on wires . i tied up all my wires to store for my electronics . would recommend for wires anytime
this was a very nice coat rack . easy to put together , strong base and exactly what i was looking for .
beautiful necklace
this is one of the best releases of new music i have heard in a long time .
so so soft and wash and dry very well . perfect . will most likely be buying more sets . love them . thanks .
st egg gfs ! egg v eying i he e th c v wii yves be wry be ssh mg
great products , we used on the furniture at home since we have hard wood floor and they serve the best !
charges twice as fast as the desktop adapter included with v . also works with v .
perfect for large stapling needs . light weight , yet durable my last one lasted years . good value and very durable .
my year old and year old loved the album . it was a perfect christmas gift for them . .
great loving it
great books .
i like how riordan educates the reader without boring them to death . i'm looking forward to the next book .
i just love them ! the syrups is full of peppermint flavor and is easy to use !
love it !
use on my face , stays hair free for weeks . have to get another on for my leggs . thank you .
one of the best consoles ive ever owned to preteens with the console play ratchet and clank or jak
finally got it in love
exactly what i was looking for . had the right length and rated capacity and forged hook . would recommend to anyone .
awesome song . so fun and happy . i played it all day and most of the week when i bought it .
epic is fun movie that keeps a good pace from the beginning . i equate it to a modern day ferngully .
this fits the beach theme in my bathroom and i love the colors in it . very affordable and made well .
its awesome guys ! get it ! haha i laugh when ky workers turn around and you see tthere butt cracks
muy buen equipo lo malo es la compa ntilde iacute a que traslada a venezuela que dura demasiado tiempo en trasladar hasta ac aacute .
really enjoyed the study questions at the end , and they lended themselves to some great small group biblical discussion .
as advertised worked fine and was easy to convert to fit my vehicle . would order again if ever need another
good series .
great information . good recipes and devotionals to help you along the way with your fast . i would highly recommend it !
this was in prison for someone else
loved the book ! it covered everything ! i recommend this book to everyone that is studying for the nce counseling exam
wonderful story of the heart warming relationship between a recovering addict and his faithful companion . i greatly enjoyed this story .
great book ! great trilogy ! this is my second time reading it and i will be reading again in the future .
they're just like the ones they used to make , but they have the giants on them ! what's not to like ?
great movie . very funny and the songs are good . better than the first one .
i love this case it was so easy to put on and fits perfect on my ipad , i love it .
this is . such a fun and entertaining game fun for . all ages when u don't pass a level . u do fell . like a moron
this camera is great . easy to use and easy to see the large screen . i recommend this product highly .
good size !
great to plug things behind furniture .
i have very coarse ethnic hair and this iron gets hot enough to curl my hair but does not burn
plenty of romance and intrigue . i liked the story all the way through and was happy with the ending too .
this was a fun and challenging game ! it was a great way to pass the time and it was fun !
pro'svery nice product for the price , owned month works great ! con'snonedoes what it's suppose to
the pigs loved it ! it took awhile before they figured out they could eat it , and eat it they did !
my daughter loves this pattern , too . the fit is perfect for her ! they washed well , too . no shrinkage at all !
my first novel with michael mcbride excellent story fast paced couldn't put the book down yeah i ordered the next book
funny and relevant . the book is accurate and candid and well worth the read . some aspects are a little embarrasing
amazing game and i got it fast i always i haven't stopped playing it since the day i got it .
mitch albom has done it again . in spare butwonderful images he has traveled back and thenforward with two marvelous characters
fits like a charm just waiting to see if my engine light goes off . i have a bmw i
comfortable boots wears good good on rocky terrain and hiking like wearing a shoe . highly recommended good military boot great
cd is a must have ! dave and tim together are pure perfection ! this cd will blow you away !
very high quality , love it for cutting my homemade soaps , gives them such a decorative edge . the price was great .
enjoyed the different stories and often the story behind the story . would highly recommend easy to read and flows quickly
gorgeous but gets dirty fast . everything they say is true . but a piece broke off already im not gunna lie .
i've tried a bunch of other capos and this one is simply the best . seems like it will last forever .
great service , speedy delivery , arrived in good condition and was exactly as expected . thanks for your help and great service .
nice , wholesome , real life story . a pleasant read .
i love this song ! when this episode of glee aired , i could not stop listening to the music for weeks !
all traders must read this book at least once every months until it sinks in !
great product . wife loves it . only ordered this one because the other one wore out .
this blanket is beautiful ! very soft and cuddly . it looks just like the picture in the ad . i would recommend .
very addictive and challenging . it doesn't always make sense to me the words that are and are not allowed
it is because of this app i can watch big brother . no thanks to time warner cable or cbs .
this book was amazing ! kept me on my toes the whole time and the ending . magnificent ! definitely a must read !
exactly what was advertised and what i wanted . feels and works great , easy to install ! this is a great grip .
it was just that i expected , it is perfect !
it is what it is . looks great and holds keystones securely . the white is very bright . fits all standard openings .
very very nice set . bright and beautiful colors . love these . many uses .
met expectations
i haven't gotten around to making a mandolin yet but i'm pleased with the drawings i received .
the only cable useful is the hdmi cable , the others don't have function . bla bla bla blalbla bla bla bla
i love it , it works very well , battery charges quickly and for the price i paid , it was worth it .
as advertised
this book is a beautiful rendition of how life was during the reign of hitler ! excellent read and excellent movie !
great movie with good plot , wonderful cinematography . great cast of actors and accurate depiction of life in the old west .
truth that can help anyone through the ups and downs of life .
i loved that the four christmas stories continued with gabe noell , but were told by different authors with different scenarios .
this is a great book for those who are starting careers over or for the first time .
good stuff keep it up . very very very very nicebuy it if you hace a lg pad . no regrets all
after dealing with the existing gutter , this collection system went on easy and works great . i would recommend for sure
this does the job . the house is much warmer now when i use this after the fire has died down .
bought several of these to store my large spools of thread for my serger and keeps them dust free .
i recieved these for christmas , and couldn't be more pleased with the comfort and fit . easy on and off .
this book is an easy read and so funny and powerful ! i read it in a day and loved it !
i like to have plenty of coconut on hand , because i use it in so many of my recipes .
these are good bookcases and were not too hard to put together . they look very nice in my home office .
love the pants they are super comfy and easy to wear . fit great . highly recommend . price is well worth it .
love this cream for my arms , legs and chest . helps diminish dry patches and even improves the appearance of cellulite .
this memory card is great and lasts and has plenty of space one needs for great storage .
we purchased these to complete an amelia earhart costume for my daughter's school project and they did the job wonderfully .
they are great . i like the so much more than the ug boots . thicker bottom , more substantial . thank you all .
worked like a charm
great product ! lots of fun . came with everything needed . have used it tons since i received it . good for beginner
awesome for the money !
these bales are plain , elegant , and well made . they suited my purpose and i am pleased with my purchase . perfect !
i love how i can easily get from one book chapter or verse to the next ! love it love it !
good pens , and a good brand . i did order the wrong product but i was satisfied with the return policy .
good fun crative and cool awesome , nice , wilkes amazing weirdo know mnemonic knowledge thanked cufflinks m dj dj mamma alaskan jsj
this is the easiest way to get what you want ! quick and easy . definitely will buy more in the future .
loved the size of these labels and they were so easy to use !
it works and it was a cheap price just what i was looking for , since i lock my bike outdoors
i own many of these blankets in various colors . they are great during the summer or the winter .
good notebook . but doesn't give promised battery time of hours . usually gives about . hours per charge .
good utility
amazon had what i wanted to order , i ordered it easily , sent to me as expected .
an excellent product as a plug and play device for my home computer . long cord . very fast and efficient . aaaaa
poster is printed on standard poster glossy paper . carmen looks great as always . it's a great deal for the money .
this headpiece is beautiful ! it's small and simple but stylish and chic ! i would recommend it to all the brides
do not pay more for this battery . works as good or better as original that came in the asus netbook !
was a gift for a family member who is always looking for new vegan recipes and asked for that book
if he's a small dogs are to be said these clothes and nice and durable
i've been used this product for several months and it works so far . definitely , i will buy it again !
if you like season one and two of workahoilcs you ll love this because it is season one and two
everything was in perfect condition and the set was complete just as was supposed to . it was a nice deal .
they work great , very satisfied with them over the holiday weekend . very easy to snap on and off my mirrors .
great acting , amazing gore effects , and very captivating atmosphere . highly recommended ! great new survival horror flick !
like i said before i love anything mahjong . i think i have played every mahjong game there is out there .
it is like my bible for studying ! mneumonics are great ! i recommend this to everyone . so glad i bought it .
did not have a chance to play these games when they came out . i have many enjoyable many hours playing .
work great . phones are like new
camo is extremely attractive . extremely comfortable , mild compression , figure flattering . can wear as a top with bra underneath . good construction .
columbia . simply the best . this shirt fits well , it's styled right and i love it . cant go wrong with columbia
we have been anticipating the delivery of this product . it arrived on time , and works like a charm .
ball was far larger than expected , but it is a vast improvement over our string with knot closet light pulls .
this book takes you in to the history of our world . as well as disk world . it's quite a read .
good value for the price . great vendor sent product via federal express free shipping during a heat wave .
excellent information . well written . brings the ordinary into view .
this is a must for any dallas lover ! we even watch it friday nights , just like it was originally aired .
these pearls are absolutely beautiful , and for the price they can't be beat , look amazing with the mm necklace
i enjoyed this book ! the story was exciting and had interesting characters . it would make a good movie ! keep writing !
this is the length that should be packaged with the curlformers . it also works with the extra long generic curlformers
good value for the money , good quality video i am pleased . easy touse .
this is a nice decal for an automobile , folder , or anywhere else one might use it . nice contrast and shading .
great shoe , runs a little big , as nb usually does . my year old daughter runs track and she loves them .
better than the first one . liam neeson is bad a . look forward to the next one . . . . . .
love her mail order bride series the morgan's brides love her suspense books also . at this time i can not decidewhich i like best
book better than the description . i can not even tell if its used . really fast shipping . honest seller . thanks a
allows me to listen to my ipod and run my garmin at the same time without any trouble . highly recommended .
my cable came rapidly and worked just fine !
this is a beautiful selection of arias . i list to this album everyday . the music brings me calmness , peace , and tranquility .
gave this as a gift to my young neighbor and the whole family loves it . great pictures . good information .
cast away is a great movie . a wonderful story with outstanding acting . now a whole new experience in blue ray .
outstanding book . i think this is my favorite in the series . katy is a wonderful writer and i am hooked .
this album smells like a toasted peanut butter and jelly sandwich . on multiple occasions i found myself screaming .
i enjoyed this book and hope to read the series . i am a stroke patient tevently gettimg back to books .
it is perfect . it is what i am looking for , fit , comfort , active . good rockport , waiting for the future active stuff .
my first auster book . i will now read all the others . he touched my soul . he touched my heart . great
the case was better than expected . it was a great price and product shipped quickly . sturdy . would definitely buy again .
this replacement cord is working fine at the present time . i just hope it lasts longer than the original one .
love this shirt !
it was exactly what i wanted , at a perfect price i wanted to pay . it was delivered when i was promised .
great product , fast delivery
easy to use and well made , just remember to turn the torque all the way down before storing it away .
these items were used for take dau and sons to work day . really great for small faces and colorful smiles .
no complaints . great , free game and it's nice , trying to beat your score . the lay outs are good as well .
the thermometer that measures the humidity was tilted which is slightly unpleasant . but other than that it was very nice .
i thoroughly enjoyed this . nice combination of mystery and puzzles . i cannot wait for the next segment to be released .
first time trying a double shower ring and it's great . i would greatly recommend it , thequality and design are awesome .
very colorful and cute . bought four different patterns . they are adorable on my patio chairs . fabric is a little stiff .
love it
we've been a fan of the waltons since they first aired many years ago . would recommend this dvd to everyone
this company always provides quality product and product that i am proud willing to wear as a big man
great fit for my iphone s i get lots of compliments . this case looks great and the price was great .
this cd is a great companion to living and facing death . if you value truthful art , buy this cd .
very nice product , keeps me warm
made this birthday gift easy . she loved it . would do this again anytime and hope someone does it for me .
these are beautiful . i wore them all throughout the season . excellent quality , received many compliments .
great reading with riveting descriptions of battle tactics used by the finns . could use a few more maps , however . dave schoepke
it works better than othersit is highly recommendeduse it for my fujifilm s i really like it so much
review dylan ? i don't think it's possible . xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx .
bought this for my granddaughter who is horse crazy . she loves it . much more durable then others she has had .
fits perfectstyle is beautifulamazing qualityworth every pennyprotects the sun more than any othercheapest price around satisfied
my husband can't put down his kindle . he loves it . it is a great product for avid readers . thank you ,
i love the fabric this pants was made out of . nice cut , nice styling , great fall . i absolutely love it .
i really love this shirt ! def have to order more , in diff colors ! it's light weight and softvery comfy !
so sexy and tantalizing . i would recommend this to all my bisexual and lesbian friends . made me miss them more .
i have tried sevral head seta but this one my husband wa very pleased with . thanks and have a blessed day .
it's most awesome that i thought , it's very sophisticated , good space and love the texture , love it at all !
perfect size good price for what you get would add more to the collection my niece has started . love angels
great product ! works perfectly fine !
i really liked the smell . it gives nice color . and it doesn't turn you orange . i would definitely buy again .
i love it ! i get compliments all the time about how cute it is ! it is totally durable as well !
i just have read all his books , one of the best plot developer . all are great . a must for any reader
excellent product , product is just as described and my baby loves it . shipping is awesome , incredibly fast .
i loves all the books . couldn't put it down . kept me in suspense . wish there were more of these to read .
boy george never disappoints me at all , its a smoother and classy cd . i am highly impressed with the cd .
i bought this for a friend but they love it . theirs was not charging anymore .
jonathan butler is a 'living legend .
must have . wait till you see how much your oven is off . calibrate with boiling water f
great value . case protects phone while allowing access to all buttons and connecting ports . this product . will not disappoint you .
wonderful articles helpful tips on beauty health fashion even the articles about cooking are very interesting in reading and making .
my year old loves it . he has spent hours showing magic tricks to my family and to our neighbors .
bought as a bday present for a true blood fan . she loves it ! even came in sturdy case to boot !
exactly what you think you are gettting . installation was easy . works with my fridge as described . cheaper than any store .
works good . i helped my daughters older dryer get back to its original operating temperature . would buy again if needed .
this is a real thriller . the plot moves right along and the acting is excellent . we watch this movie frequently .
really handy
i bought this for my daughter who wants to do hair . she loves it , i made a very good decision .
the height extenders fit perfectly and allow my ' body to use the ball chair . no tools required for installation .
if you go to any department store you would pay between for what you get here . delivered on time .
awesome worked as advertisedvery convenient for my desktop computer so it doesn't have to be always wired to the modem .
i am enjoy it but i am having a time learning to use windows and keeping the screen clean .
great book for a cold winter . love colleen hoover always ! would recommend to anyone and everytone . great read . love !
this movie is a good not great movie , good watch when you have nothing else to do lat at night
it came in practically new condition and works without a problem . love iteasy to see screen . sounds good quality .
i like the slim feel of my phone with this case . also , it's a great value for the price ! thank you !
what a wonderful guitar , great for a beginner , sounds great , looks very nice , you can't go wrong with this one !
what cani say it is as advertised , and its a tarp and it does what tarps do . ok ? thanks
this book was so great , it made me cry . i wish i could experience the thrills jessica had with craig . genius
these are fantastic . sturdy and just the right length . using them on my gopro camera and my small dive lights
loved it
great sleep t for sleeping . no special high tech fabrics here , just a standard cotton blend , no tags , very comfortable .
all good w pants and seller . pants stretch which is not described but it is even better . i will recommend
great old movie about bringiing waterfrom the colorado river into the imperialvalley desert of southern california tocreate an agricultural wonder .
nice , short book with lots of ideas , particularly for kid s rooms . we will definitely be giving these methods a try .
this bath mat is very easy to walk on and yet very safe so as to not slip .
i m recommand ya buy good price for deal . it's great running very good longest span than a short games .
well made , sturdy , very pretty . very pleased with this product . gave some as a baby shower gift . i would recommend these to anyone .
one of there best highly recomend it to anyone who likes there music .
this was a great book about a couple of guys just exploring themselves and their relationship . it was very good .
this tire has a smooth ride and great handling . it feels more confident in the corners than my old tire .
better time waster than other games . at least you have to think . i would like a timer to be added .
perfect and now i have a sleep timer . will buy more rawhide so i don't have to replace this again .
very pleased with purchase . shipped and received as stated . book in better condition than ad stated . a
every kitchen needs one of these . expands big for big hot food pans andsmaller when needed . super item . love it
as expected , this is my third one ! they should come with pads for the shoulders and they will be perfect
yes , it's an elegant piece and makes a quiet statement and lovely impression ! a good gift . i would recommend it .
it works , it is hard to use it with out making a mess . should be longer . you have to have it so .
the whole borderlands experience for ? definitely worth it . there's a lot of gameplay to dollar value here . highly recommend it
very good , but is too expensive for this product . the identical product could be had for on ebay .
la entrega fue realmente rapida , el producto me llego en excelentes condiciones , realmente amazon me ofrecio calidad
these are excellent for making jello shots ! because of the lids , you can stack them so you can make more .
i could not put this book down . it was very entertaining and extremely challenging and motivating ! i highly recommend it .
my son and i love this movie , and it is hands down one of our favorites . we watch it frequently !
i'd been looking for this all this time and glad found it here nice for hello kitty collectors .
the cover to buy for the amazon fire !
loved it
these pencils are not found in stores anymore , and are very high quality awesome to get for a low price !
you can never go wrong with thule if you just do your research . its the best out there i'd say .
it some awesome music . can't wait to see them in concert again . to bad it's months away from now .
a lot like shades . a lot more graphic than shades , but still a hot read . pretty good writing .
ordered as a surprise for my husband he just loves it , been play pool ever day since he got it .
really good good book . made want to find more by this author . couldn't put it down .
this app is so awesome ! i love drawing stuff for my friends . you should get this really get this app !
the price was great and i have not had any problems with printing using this ink . i would recommend it .
as expected . great quality . i will use it for a course i'm taking next fall . thankfully it wasn't too expensive !
so far gives an accurate reading , nothing wrong with it and comes with batteries . cheap good scale worth the money
gift
just what i have been looking for . thanks ! my hands stay cold and i can use these for my workouts , too ! thanks .
fit perfectly on my htc one . very easy to install and easy to clean . i would highly reccommend tis product .
got this shirt for my older brother , he loved it ! and he has gotten many compliments on the shirt d
really enjoyed this cd with positive messages
moving tribute to new yorkers for post concert .
i love her website , but this book really condenses everything and i have saved a ton of money . thank you !
this antenna works however my husband does not get all his original stations . still works good . perfect for short garages too .
if you're looking for a great christmas piano book to create a mood or sing a long , this is it .
buy this cd if you are an incubus fan . i loved it from beginning to end . i'm very satisified .
like it a lot but wish i could have these songs on a cd with more songs on it .
it does the job what else can i say . now i won't be over watering my black eyed beansbill
this is a great holster ! the fit is perfect , fast shipping as well . thank you .
connelly hits a triple with this one
love it !
it does what it's supposed to do . priced right . functional . sharpen the pencil to the right point . easy to clean .
great blade
not as well put together as band of brothers but entertaining .
bought this and just put it right over top the old ailing cover . it fits great and is made well .
saves both your time and your fingers when prepping cases . it makes cleaning up and uniforming primer pockets a breeze .
bought for my daughters swim team to put on her hoodie and she loves it ! they are the bulldogs
solid experience . timely delivery and great game
haven't had any problems and love helping the environment . the auto ship auction is very convenient .
probably the best game ever created , fast shipping , some scratches on the game but i had to have another copy
i am very satisfied with this book . it is amazing for me to read all the stories at this price .
kate provided excellent support walking me through internet access , e mail motion detect notification i phone access . camera picture quality is very good .
great price .
this movie was beat out by gone with the wind for oscar but this was really a great movie .
downloaded easy to my samsung note , pages came up easy to read , looks good so far but have not read
exactly what i was looking for . it allows you to record your playstation and playstation without a problem .
nice to find the toothpaste that i can no longer track down in the drugstore . good response and fast delivery
excellent book ! great for studying if you're taking any sort of test involving fingerprint comparison . easy and simple to read .
i loved this movie . the action , the suspense . what more could a guy ask for ? ! ?
i set it up and its good but i was thinking that it would be much bigger for the price
who do i send this back too ? i did rent this and do not know who to send back too !
this conditioner smells so good and works well for my dauter's fine hair . i'm so glad that i purchased it !
i bought this because my apple earpods cord was too short , this works really well to extend the cord length .
i love it . have had no issues with it so far and it was in excellent condition when it arrived .
fun game
love this game . something my family can share clean fun gaming . can't get enough we have on all our devices .
s uacute per recomendado , con buena pr aacute ctica se ven los resultados , nuestro coraz oacute n y nuestras vidas agradecer aacute n la lectura de este libro .
good book it was an easy read i recommend itit does not need additional words to describe it
you cant beat crest for and teeth whitning product , these seam to work well , helps keep your ivorys looking good
this book kept me guessing until the end . the story is so twisted , but i was intrigued throughout . good read !
i like the product but it is a bit pricey . if i find a deal on it i will purchase more
great purchase for the money , this product definitely got the job done . note , probably best for one time use though .
i am happy with this rice cooker . compare to the price i paid for this item , this is very good .
the right price for a set to learn with perfect for my year old .
i love this book because it uses new words and have an emotional response and connections also it's description . excellent !
this accessory is excellent for removing rust or scale . it's a great cleaing accessory for metal .
got the off , so it's a great price for the ring . looks great with day to day activities .
good book like it , good to read . very educational book . i like this book , read all of it fast good
best movie ever ! i have shared this with so many friends and they each loved it in a different way .
this kit is beyond awesome , i need another one for my personal use . i would definitely recommend purchasing this kit .
if you like gospel music this is a real must for your collection . great voice for this style of music
this book is presented in a lovely style , with wonderful pictures . it's easy to ready and understand informative .
i like it . works very good
high quality cam . works great ! no issues ! clear photos and videos . great on skype . i can't say enough about it !
one of the best sci fi i have read in years . brilliant concepts , great science . held me until i was finished
good for grand kids . they like it a lot . trying to keep there interest in fishing upmost on there minds .
i like the angle of it and it works good on tires without a lot of room around the valve .
its very cute but too small but i like it . so stars will do for the price of the purse
not bad . had me thinking hard on some of them ! highly recommend this game ! lots of fun for different ages !
in depth wide ranging analysis of major aspects of computer science . engaging discussion and capsules in the field .
product was free with the conair nano , would have bought it anyway . headband and crystal pony were very cute !
works good i am happy with the produce should have gotten the bigger package . a long time a go .
used it to teach a contact kickboxing class and it was perfect !
thank you so much . waited long time to get this movie . d . love it . blessed be . merry christmas and thank you so much
this is an excellent product . you would be glad you bought it . i would definitely recommend to any one . !
have yet to blow it up . can't wait
yes my husband loves the large print . i would recommend this to people . i rated this five stars . love it
great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great , great product .
got it days after ordering it ehh don't know how to put it on tho
small and efficient . used it to cut wood and cut bone and it works quite well on both . no complaints .
you must buy this . i bought this for myself , and other for my wife . i feel sorry for my wife .
a fast moving and exciting read . great history well presented , it keeps the pages turning .
these shoes are tough and elegant at the same time . they take a beating and last and last . very satisfied .
un producto autentico y que funciona excelente en venezuela recomendadoel envio fue verdaderamente rapido precio muy rentable con la competencia
pretty dish towels and they wash up well .
the item was exactly as described fit perfectly and the color was right . the piece also functions as it should
just watt i was looking for , excelent material , and it fit me perfect i am very satisfated with the product .
this makes very good bloody mary's you'll love it in your favorite recipe . also use as a meat marinade .
great read ! very entertaining . characters well formed , good concept for the story line . would like to see more by this author .
lb . of organic chia seeds . the seller communicated well , sent the product promptly and it was as stated .
i couldn't put it down . very intriguing story . i look forward to reading the next book . it is well written .
hilarious ! i've watched it times already , and it still makes me laugh . if you haven't seen this yet , do !
assemble was a snap and it is very well put together . perfect for the corner of our dining room .
multiple coarseness settings . nice rubber grips . looks great on the table . purchased for hubby and he was very happy with them .
tried other replacement ac adapter power supply charger w us power cord options , this one worked well and is still doing the job .
a little lighter support than some but no panty line and the bra fits perfectly . i will be purchasing another !
i actually bought this for my dad , but loaded it onto my computer also . now we both are enjoying it
it's got it all good characters , good plot good carry thru . i really enjoyed it you will too , read it
putting puzzles together is so much fun for her . being sponge bob makes it all the more enjoyable for her .
this was part of a gift set for my husband , he is very happy with it .
it is a beautiful clock . i can not believe how good it looks . i also love how big it is .
beautiful designs , easy to understand instructions . i think i'll knit several of these sweaters for myself !
i know the author , and he and peggy are consumate researchers , and all their books are very enlightening and informative
although it is not super durable , i really have enjoyed this . it's a great color and has lasted pretty good .
not the best version of the song but not horrible . cuts off at the end and sounds a bit distant .
can't beat the price . used for various dice games . just bought refill score pads , etc . to play and saved a lot .
strong story line with plenty of action . kept your interest peeked in anticipation of the next move in the storyline .
this cd is loaded with killer guitar playing from mr . zappa . buy it and you'll be happy .
good work . good design . good material . the ideal size for a hunting knife . most forest . a work of art
both look like a dollar watch ! really nice for the price , big numbers in case you need them !
unbelievably good ! going to see her speak next friday , and can't wait ! the book was very moving , everybody should read it .
i think this song is so beautiful . one of the best you've done meatloaf ! keep up the good work !
this appliance looks built to last , and i've made the best french press i have ever made with the grinds it produces .
i will recommend this product to several others . i like this product very much . this is a very good product .
good canadian rock roll to jam to . rush always puts out the best lines lyrics of any artist .
a wonderful blockbuster of a novel . interesting characters involved in real historical events , beautifully written , seriously researched . hated finishing it .
great product .
definitely worth the price but i wish the protector would be a little wider and longer mm each side .
after another harness broke , i ordered this one . it held up to my grandchild . i would recommend it to others .
my son loved the color and the case is still in perfect condition a year later ! wouldl def buy again
fun to watch
enjoyed this season . i like how they have a theme for each season . great acting by timothy olyphant and cast .
the wrist bp is more accurate than the arm omron that we had . glad that i ordered this type machine .
i love this sweeper but there is no way i can pay this price for refills . i'm absolutely appalled !
for the price it is good memory . i added it to an old hp desktop and it sprung back to like .
this tool is great . my boyfriend has nothing but black and decker volt tools .
had a great story line . excited about the second one . i always enjoy reading riley steel's books . especially the erotica !
great and funny mug . i think its the best funny gift for your best friend specially if he loves coffee
helpful information into parenting , this is another great book by a wonderful author . any parent would enjoy reading this book
excellent for when you have spills in oven . easy to remove , and clean up . not sure of its longevity though .
wonderful book on self education through reading particularly interesting for its ambitious forays into science and mathematics .
bring the popcorn its going to be a long nightand a very long nighthave funsee you at the movies
this was easy setup . impressed with the quality of my scans . great buy for the price . keith reinhard
st book i hsve read from this author and waiting for the next book alreadyreally enjoyed rwadingwould ecommend
really helped when swapping laptop drives . also used to recover data off older . and . drives from dead machines .
very happy
actually , i am returning the book . it looked very interesting and thorough but was not what i was looking for .
fits very well
very interesting and witty poetry . i would recommend this to any one that needs a good break from the mundane .
love it . good quality light . will be buying other size
great game ! i had to use the hint button more than i'd like to admit . lolchallenging and lots of fun .
enormous
great product design and quality . easy to use and quick . we use it daily usually twice for over months now .
everything came in on time . happy with the purchase .
thought we would never find this classic on a disc .
love this book , love the characters and love the writing style . i was drawn in immediately and couldn't put it down .
certainly up to his usual high standard . would recommend and already looking forward to the third book in the trioogy .
i've been using this face wash for years , i love it ! exfoliates my skin and makes my face feel smooth .
this guy has the vocal chords of a god ! what a beautiful instrument .
i have had to up date my smoke alarmes an did not want to cut into the walls and ceilings .
excellent performance so far . easy to assemble . simulates the rowing motion very well . price is hard to beat . overall , very good value !
gave this book to my year old father for christmas and he loved it , read it in a week .
just a great read and a few new methods to try out , the best bass book i've got so far .
all of the classics , great sounds , took me back a couple of decadessuch a good price extremely pleased
the art work really supports the text . the message within is serious and powerful .
this product is a light hold . it gives body to very thin hair . i have used this product for years .
one of the best cop movies i've seen in a long time . very gritty and realistic . i really loved it .
the title says it all . it has the more important songs with lyrics and written for piano .
so much better to fine tune the settings on my water softener . those little paper strips don't work well at all .
shipper delivered this product in a timely manner and the product is of great quality .
not much one can say . the double sided tape worked fine , and had no issues using it . bla bla bla
all i needed from this purchase was the silver ring . it was a simple replacement , but got the job done .
i love it . it fits my vehicle perfectly .
just a regular plain sticker but very decent quality . easy to put on and looks great in my sons room .
my son used this once and its already broken . doesn't work as well as other reviews . too bad .
doesn't have anything to do with the original . very slow and very boring .
quality of not good when you clip it on the car's glass . would buy it again due this bad quality
i have an identical ring , down to carat weight , that cost . what the heck contributes to this price tag ?
clock is beautiful but the clock mechanism broke while hanging it . wasted money on it
the game sucks dont buy it . the free boxing game that comes with the wii sports is better . very dissapointed
the only reason i dont like it is that it didnt come with any fuel .
started out as a great book until it ended as it was getting into the story . no wonder its free .
a little confusing , i guess you had to read these in sequence don't plan on buying the other two .
indeed , the song titles and artist names on the first two tracks are swapped . but , thanks for the free sampler !
thank beautiful book our family is enjoying it , thanks again the only thing is spanish and layout in that language .
it doesn't stick , i tried so many times . icould have put saran wrap and it would better . will never buy again
this case is not by marmoter . buyer beware .
this product is totally fake . i was disappointed with my purchase and will be returning it .
not really gog , poor range , nice lens , not an easy installation to see over the web
video said it was an easy workout but obviously for someone with dance experience . too complicated for the average beginner .
shoe was to small and no return slip so what do i do now am i stuck with the shoes
i never got this product , tried customer support but got no help , hope they can figure it out , my luck
it does not accommodate an by inch photograph . it is attractively finished , but is not sterling silver . it was a big disappointment .
doesn't deserve even one star cant get through it long boring !
when we received the item one of the batteries had corroded , in turn corroding the connectors . had to return it !
leaks , turns on and off of left plugged in all o the time . surely a fire hazzard pass on it .
sucks
this cable does not power the nook color , although the ad mentioned it powers a nook . my mistake for not asking
why would we need app like this when the game has a similar ability to browse games and stupid stuff
es un pl aacute stico muy d eacute bil , en la fiesta se quebr oacute la parte superior . no la recomiendo . sinceramente elegir iacute a otro articulo .
these are horrible , unless the goal is to get jugging balls that don't bounce , in that case , these are amazing !
this one of the worst of these i have ever bought . would never tell anyone to purchase this . stay away !
if you are really looking for the best prototype bmw i don't buy this one , you waste your money !
cheap fabric . unflattering fit . don't buy .
wasted and entire day of filming , recorded barely a whisper
after one use it was time to throw brobee in the garbage . it is not dish washer safe at all !
song sucksi only got it for a friend's weddingshe wanted it i would imagine her review would be better
erasure is the poor man's depeche mode . funny since vince started that band too . maybe he should've stuck around .
have only received one of the water bottles .
dislike product all containers are cracked and caps are loose . containers are not well made to hold beads in containers .
does the jobbut pricey go to whole sale suppliers they have this product for . lb
more tecno sounding crap sounds like lady gaga diod'nt want these lame tunes and she gave them to her .
it did not work properly and i had to ship it back the day after i received it
lasted about a week , then stopped charging and makes an electrical popping sound . this thing is a safety risk .
this battery does not last any longer than the regular battery that came with the phone . i am not satisfied .
the two foam squares were missing in kit . . . . . . . . . . . .
product was old and crumble . crumble to pieces with every stroke . was all over my clothes
worst stephen king book ever ! i kept trying to push through it , hoping for something to catch my interest no luck !
i received this razor and it does not work . it feels like a piece of junk and it is .
it wears real easy and the rubber warps . nice case but , not my cup of tea for my expensive phone .
we returned the case because the magnet barely held the case together and we felt it would provide minimal protection .
was disappointing because the case didn't not fit my phone snug and was constantly falling off . a waste of my money .
my garmin nuvi didn't charged with this adapter . do not buy . it won't work at all . and it's waste of money .
i love the shirt but i was super disappointed because this one came with a big hole in the side .
didn't work on my phone . it seems like it would be a great app in my opinion . fix that bug .
this book needs a good editor ! the grammar is poor and would read much better if someone corrected the errors .
cant take app off saved for later list and i hate how when i delete the app it comes back
a dull and boring movie i've seen adult films with a better plot and acting , a waste of money yucky
it arrived broken and the paint chipping off . for a case under bucks i guess thats what you get .
didn't fit when it said it did
it's hard to make these line up . i have taps and each is at a different angle with these .
ordered up still too small
the lens is fine i just don't use it . the price was right and i was looking for a lens .
i received a tagital tablet and it s defective a waste of time and money , don t buy it never .
literally nothings funny on here . stupidest app ever . don't buy it its a complete waste of time and effort .
i have had this item for about weeks and it is already tearing apart . i would not recommend this .
poor quality . the marble in the post was already chipping when it was received . otherwise it worked as i expected .
when i received the ring , i loved it . after a couple of wears , it looks dull . not a great buy .
free version was not very challenging . i wouldn't recommend buying the full version if you don't like the free version .
this is the simplest product in the world and somehow they managed to make a version that doesn't work well .
it was really fun the beginning but it get frozen at a certain stage , perhaps it is just thid app .
this is a horrible dog costume . my dog hated it and could not calm down . i he thinks it is awful .
flimsy , wobbly , phone keeps falling off of mount . i can't tighten it enough even with pliers . look for another model .
never got yet money was taken from my bank account . tried to find customer service phone number . what do i do ? .
a ittle flimsy
more likely comedy that should have been cut out , for sellers classics did not make this cut . therefore , disappointing . sigh .
the flavor lasts for like seconds then have to chew another piece not a good bubblegum at all .
the toner is not very good . leaves streak's on pages when printing . would pay more for better quality toner cartridge .
if you need this producto for your ps or ps , don't waste your time and your money , is not compatible .
i'm just not sure about this one . i believe but i am always skeptical . blessed are those who believe . amen !
sucks . low quality controller skin . i expected much better for the price but that is just how it is . oh well .
cover got loose after few weeks . was able to see the upper left corner of my phone through the cover .
it was boring and the acting not very good . the story line , terrible . i hope this is the last one .
go to mobile . com they have kik and instagram thts what i use for my kindle it works ppl !
she sings here's to life with all the nuances and understanding of a year old .
i bought dha infant from the website , but they send baby's dha to me ! i was so disappointedi was so disappointed
the ring has little or no elasticity . it is too hard to even use , and i'm sorry i bought it .
my ipod didn't have any scratches before . when i took the case off this it had two scratches my ipod .
doesn't screw in at all or even fit right for that matter . i was actually very disappointed with this product .
bad product not the right color is not real wood damaged parts , scratches . i will not make this mistake again . edwards
this was really cheap and did not match the size it was supposed to be . it was way too small .
too expensive . they do not taste like over a dollar per nibble candy . more words re qu it ed .
the cd was clean and clear and i really enjoyed the music . you really can't go wrong with boney james
this item was very flimsy and did not stay on the phone very well . i will not be using it .
nope horrible products hate it its not worth the money dont buy it will regret it dont buy it it
not for strong chewers ! this toy unfortunately did not even last an hour . returned promptly for return with no issue .
this strap does not fit my heart rate monitor , the hooks are very small , and they will not stay put .
i found this book reminiscent of but not as half as good as the diana gabaldon outlander series . the end .
sheets were different shade of color . would not recommend this set because of the mix match colors . very dispointed
really dull story line and did not keep my attention at all . it was free but i do not recommend .
i am glad i accidentslly viewed this on instant video . what a poor movie and subtitles are wrond at times .
sent wrong glasses
the plastic the earings come with were open not the package itself one of the earings were missing . very unsatisfied .
much too expensive . won't purchase again .
ended giving it all away . poor workmanship . inseams started tearing after couple of uses . the clips broke off . no good
it is too small , you can put the two girls on your one hand ! but the price is not low .
second hand fell off after a month . looks nice but its junk . sad since it was a christmas present .
so boring i fell asleep ! was this supposed to be a comedy ? do not waste your money or time .
not an officially licensed product . the chrome chips off easily . hilariously broken english on the package indicative of chinese manufacturing .
no clear target returned
the listing says a set , but most of the listings are not a full set . only book . very decisive .
i just used it for days . my wrist became black ! terrible ! i will never trust disney watch any more .
this game is very confusing very hard to follow i gave the game up . i dont like it at all .
i rented this book for class and when it arrived it was dirty and really beat up from previous use .
i didn't think the stones would be so small . there are mostly mm size stones . it's a waste of money .
while the boot fit the foot it was too tight in legs . we tried two sizes and neither worked . sorry .
this provides almost no support and doesn't stay put . just really not worth it . you get what you pay for .
does not fit the phone properly with the otter boxesinstalled . looks to be good quality , but useless , not worth returning .
this toy is absolutly the worst . i called mattel to complain . tey sent me a coupon for the purchase price
the toilet seat i ordered was described as inch really is miss lead on description can't use .
i don't like to read about satanic crap . hardly even got to start the stupid book before i deleted it
this is a very crude and profane tv series .
the book has a printing defect . one chapter bound twice , another missing . otherwise , oknot worth a return refund complication .
this knife fell apart quickly . screws came out and blade would not stay sharp . not a very good quality knife .
a duh ! how about some dimensions ? i mean , like is it too hard to measure ? i'd even settle for metric .
returned for replacement replacement didn't work had to return it to timex still haven't gotten replacement from themas of yet
i have no review ! i discussed with the seller and he decided to refund the money ! no comments !
this swing was a total piece of junk
silly and superficialbe polite . chew with your mouth closeddo your dutynow you don't have to read the book
i dunno , they are cheap looking . but they were cheap so i guess you get what you pay for . ok
i had no idea that it was an aerosol . i would like to return it . how do i return it ?
ok i guess
material is too too thin
does not fit . do not buy this product . it is a waste of money . you get what you pay for .
pretty lame , but keeps a year old entertained for a few minutes .
the wrecking crew is a waste of time and money . if you like thrillers , give this one a wide birth .
i bought this battery that is supposed to work on my d and it doesnt . beware !
did not fit my phone .
very very little glowing . this product could had been better . very poor work on the manfacture . will not purchase again
very small item . would not recommend . looks like low quality . would not buy again . wish i had not purchased it .
my hand slipped
the movie is great , but the dvd will not play on my dvd recorder , it will play on my pc .
i downloaded this for my year old daughter and everytime she goes to play it it is always stopping .
the valve was easy to install but when fully closed by float , would not turn off completely , the tank overfills .
couldn't even finish the book . got to in my kindle and just gave up . good idea but execution wasn't .
this watch is water resistant , but not to feet . the materials with it advise hand washing resistance only .
does now work with kindle . just a regular cable . do not buy . do not buy do not buy do noy
it is pink not purple like the picture did not like itjust did not like it at all ! d
after using for rounds it showed completed . after using another for rounds it showed completed .
it was like watching a long commercial for a church . it did not leave us questioning anything . cheesy , terrible storylines
the aroma does not stay in your hair and it does not foam properly . it has a very nice aroma though . ,
while the amplification is satisfactory , the fit and stability as an ear piece unit are unsatisfactory for use in conversation .
didnt last longepson elplp projector lamp high quality watt osram uhe projector bulblast about or months .
does not work on queen size people . my husband had to help me off with it and i ripped it .
broke as soon as i used it . spinner part falls right off . this item is junk , don't waste your money
just recvd . the item and put in battery and doesn't work ? tried both ways and nothing ?
fell apart . arms fell off a week after getting it . i would say its good for about half the price .
way samller than i expected . it's like a watch for kids . i don't know how they measure , mm d ?
way too expensive for a page ebook . the story is fine but much shorter than a paper dora book .
sounds horrible
this book was mind numbing and inane . the funny parts were pathetic , and the romance segments bordered on the obscene .
used once for sangria and the plastic became pockmarked . acids somehow degraded the ladle ? too late to return it .
this game gets repetitive quick . i rented it for and sent it back the same day .
how could they call it greatest hits if it doesn't include hot , hot , hot or pictures of you ?
dumb game people who like minecraft don't git this game it suckes wrelly bad bad bad bad bad you suck
two and a half stars . takes a lot of suspension of disbelief . still fun if you like zombie flicks though .
the author has too many personal storiesi'd rather read a more technical book on statswhether than an autobiography
don't like it at all
geriatric rambo . lots of stuff getting shot up or blown up . otherwise it's pretty lame . not on my christmas list .
awful , broke after a week of use .
good for only a year . they tear
just couldn't get into it . the beginning was drawn out and i lost interest in it . would not recommend it .
did not fit hose or attachments on the shop vac as described .
your g phone will take most any micro sd card , which you can easily purchase for less than .
thought it would be more in depthgot me started but still left with questions on how to do certain things .
got a billy wynn card enough said better off buying a hobby box better chances of getting something good gamble
quit working shortly after the warranty ended . cavalry storage caum series gb usb external hard drive caum
i purchased it to hear the fm classical music channels but does not have the capacity nor quality of sound .
i just was not interested in this book from what i know about faith it just did not add up .
this cd player broke after few weeks of using . i can not play any cd . radio play poorly . very disappointed .
it is not as funny as the first johnny english .
bought these for a river rafting trip . they tore during the first wearing . also , it is plastic and didn't breathe .
this item did not work , very disappointed , but its cheap so i will just cut my losses and move on
stupid game
i don't know that the earring is too small . i want a bigger one ! i always go for a big earrings
product did not work properly . i used new batteries and the product did not work after following the instructions provided .
i didn't know that it wouldn't play on my dvd . i didn't find out until i tried to play it .
to rough . no good for working on woodvery badly madeall the same shapeplastic case don't hold the files
the nozzle broke off in no time so now its useless . don't waste your hard earned money on this item .
takes forever to download . not good
didnt like it at all . i returned it as soon as i tryed it out for a few days .
the unit does not work after barely a month . i wish i had bought something else . next time i will
the arrangements of the songs were played by copy bands not the original bands . seemed to be mis advertised . chuck arnold
the . . and . all rusted , probably because they weren't stainless steal they were regular . hope this review helps .
unless you are a liberal socialist who hates bush don't waste your time with this trash .
i used a few times . years later . the light comes on but nobody's home
we have not been able to use this . it is imposible to drink from it . what a waste of money .
to small . xl fits like a medium . not happy .
leaked at first use , so practically useless . i'll search for a more reliable water carrier next time
i do not want to wait a year to find out about hannah's fate ! not fair at all joanne fluke .
came defetive , waiting for paper work to send back .
poor built quality , looks cheap plastic . no color screens , not much of no visual graphics . belt and screen quality is poor .
i had to return these because the clasp was difficult to open and close without risk of bending the earrings .
no and no . it isn't worth the time or money . i think the product can't be improved to accomplish anything .
just too over the top and awkward .
priced to high and not the game that was expected . it has been or is being returned for credit
the adapter did not work in my mini cooper even though the product description recommended it for a mini cooper .
audio cassettes arrived damaged . there were no replacements available . i did not have the opportunity to enjoy this audio book .
if you would like to see a cautionary tale of drugs and the death of a good book . rent it .
works fine , but the cord is just too short to really be of much use .
the shell of the holster was hard and taking blackberry in and out was difficult . i immediately returned the product .
could not get it to work in my printer , they even sent me more but couldn't get them to work either
these taste horrible don't waste your time getting these ! i gave it one star because i had to enter something .
i am a fan of william boyd's earlier novels , but i had to drag myself through this one . very disappointing .
this is a very poor quaility product . the charger port broke after the second use . i wouldn't waste my money .
doesn't work with my handcuffs i shouldn't of bought it not worth it at all for buck not good
does not really feel moisturizing , i am surprised . like the cream much better . for the price it should be fabulous .
these were so small that they didn't even cover the dogs paw .
i was disappointed that one of the four markers was totally dried up and unusable the other three were fine .
i was looking for natural help to loose weight and help for a nice sleep . this didn't worked , was ineffective .
i used it for a week before metal jack part broke ! complete waste of money .
the hangers are not standard size for adult clothes . they are smaller than typical , and will not hold men's shirts .
three month using the product and nothing lost but my money
this book started out to be worth reading . it ended up being a waste of time . don't waste your money .
laser worked ok , screwdriver was not included . need more words to make the system work as it is supposed to .
i know that i bought it used like new but it arrived broken you should not sell things broken
there is no answer sheet . what's the point of having it ? there is no answer sheet there is no answer sheet
erratic . maybe the fault of my screen ?
it must be something wrong here when they sold iphone cases under the heading of iphone . i feel cheated .
i learned . i learned a lot from this book . a lot . i never thought about . especially about the thief on the cross . very interesting .
they're thieves . . just after i paid hundreds of dollars . . now they want me to pay for their new version . .
was looking for an advanced field guide and this turned out to be more of a text book . still looking .
this is a part episode but only the first part will play . very displeased ! do not order this product .
unfortunately , this game has frozen and i cannot play it . i enjoyed finding words , too .
it probably varies depending on person . but it didn't work for me , unfortunately . my friend swears by it though .
i received the desktop charger , it just worked one time , the second one the connector base get broke .
the device is of good quality , my only issue with it is that the signal was weak .
nice shirt but it was more like a x .
bad quality materials made not practical may disable wheel moving may opened not stedy whell not confortable well and thanks
i wanted to put it in an outlet underneath a cabinet , but it did not work . it is attractive , though .
could not get an xbox with rgb to output hdmi , which is what the box claims to do . returned
there were sharp plastic pieces behind the heel that not only left me blisters , but cut my skin very deep
too small and not what i was expecting . i will be returning this item and hoping to find something more suitable .
it was a little large and i did not care for how it laid on the stomach , i returned it .
it started out great but than one day it just stop working the sound went first and than the pictuer
hard to read and pretty verbose which makes it hard to find things again . contains some mistakes .
do not like at all . goes on clumpy . i tried several different brushes but still did not coat eyelashes evenly .
i just read this and it is absolute rubbish . did he even go to umcp . i cant even tell .
when i recieved this product it never worked . new batteries and all no vibrations . waste of money !
of all the lenses possibly only the fish eye lens does anything more than what the original lens can accomplish
they were so tiny they looked like an infants earring . you couldn't even see the stones in them .
this seller took over months to not send the product . i had to file for my money back .
get torn in days of use .
unfortunately this product clogged my front loading machine's dispenser . this was very disappointing because i have liked other ecover products .
this game does not give a tutorial and it is very hard to figure out . i finally just gave up .
pictures are excellent , artwork as well but what good is a calendar when the numbers aren't legible . simply ridiculous .
really havent started this book yet
this was just a chronicle of a bunch of backstabbing drama queens that didn't lead to much in the end .
very cheap looking
i could not get it to work . the instructions were very poor . the michiey zdml handheld single thread sewing machine , new .
the sun dry rotted this strap in three months and the fender fell off . don't waste your money , complete junk !
i did not watch but a small portion of this movie , i just could not spend my time this way .
it will not work on first gen kindle fire . or any other android device connected to my amazon account . disappointed .
you only need to use hours to finish it . comparing with others , this product does not worth dollars .
i'm sure this is a fine product , but it died in less than two weeks
hate it !
it sucks it won't work anne hasn't worked since i got iti want something done about it pleasethanks
this will not work properly for any ssd drives tested . it lags and stops causing damage to the files written .
did not like b c of elstic better if it was not than i could close my zipper !
the card does not support dma access , it s transfer speeds are below mb s in my computer .
didn't need it after i downloaded it , took it back off . wasn't necessary after all . don't know much about it .
didn't last months . cheaply made and the motor burned up in no time at all . don't waste your money .
i love the concept of these hoses , but i have yet to find one that lasts more than three weeks .
no comment could possibly be added to this as i have nothing positive to say about this experience . enough said .
were not for samsung galaxy . not happy
on my first use of this product the draw string came loose rendering the shorts useless . what a waste .
this may have worked for other people , but i'm glad i checked it out at the library .
i use this to stretch flavored oatmeals i found it mushy cooked in the microwave .
lets in a lot of light , it's not very comfortable at all and the strap broke after about months .
i expected the alice in wonderland doll to be in the madame alexander box . this is important to the collectors .
doesn't work on all dogs . i work for the post office and it doesn't deter not even the smallest dog
it was ok but not great . that is all o have to say about this book today . a quick read .
pass on this piece of trash literature . it's got nothing in it that remotely interests me . bores me to tears .
small unit with lots of accessories . nicely packaged . unfortunately , it didn't produce enough steam to clean anything that i needed .
this book was very basic . i wish it gave detailed examples of responses to questions rather than just listing them .
the charger lights up but didn't work at all for for iphone or ipod using either of the usb outlets .
disappointed in this book .
app is useless now that you have to log in with tv provider
this is crap . let's of the light through . have to double up to make it lightproof . would not recommend !
seems like a short shift version for mac . does not function or feel like the pc version .
they are coated with a shiny shellack . would not think they are for cooking , guessthe name totally bamboo is misleading .
wrong battery sent
i was very disappointed in the poor quality of this dvd . i love conway twitty but couldn't finish watching it .
well this product looks good but its very cheap maturial not worth it , very very etching from inside really bad
thought this was a much bigger engine . wanted it to go with our central express . returned itg .
return it for a refund . it worked correctly about of the time . bought one at walmart that works much better .
the charging aspect at the bottom doesn't work with the new operating system and its impractical to use without that .
but was not advertised that it only works with windows . i have still not been able to use it .
my dvds keep skipping the entire show . this is the second time i have had this experience . awful ! so dissapointed .
not at all as described or what i expected and no way to return it .
these actually decreased my production of milk . i had problems producing so this wasn't good at all . waste of money .
its terrible beacause i did it and it froze ! i think its really stupid so don't get the app ok .
matt texture , huge sizes does not lool like nail polish at all . would not recommend this . sorry i ordered this
danny glover's lisp slurring was so distracting i'd rather have been watching the home shopping network . yuck .
nothing in the investigation , nothing in the book to report . not even an interesting narrative . enough said . not worth reading .
title said it all , this is nowhere near as good like their other albums .
not a good product i feel like it going to shred to pieces , don't waste your time or money . thanks
it was a weird but cool at the same time that is all l have to say !
it do not work with my samsung table . it dont go with my tablei was told it would work dont
when will these companys start selling items made in usa . i will not buy any more things not usa made .
this razor was awful . it cut my legs up into hamburger . do not buy it , bic should stick to pens .
broke of them . it's harder to remove than a child proof medicine cap . i even watched the you tube video
just like one of its costumer said , it has broken during the first time i use it ! it is beautiful but weak .
i didnt know it was covers
popcorn doesn't stay warm for more than a few seconds after popping . difficult to clean adequately . not something i'd recommend .
the phone falls out of the case , what else can i say . in case you are interested , phone is broken now .
folds in small format , not the one you are used too . would work better if bigger . say ' by ' ''
horrible fit , material and craftsmanship ! material is thin and colors were off . these are going back .
sadly , waste of money as this device does not fit into a heel . so expensive so needless to say . super disappointing .
was recommended this soap by a friend and after weeks of use it works no better than any other soap .
slathered it on thick , wrapped in saran wrap , waited minutes , nothing is numb . felt every zap of the laser .
toes wore out on the first wearing . had to use black magic marker to cover up the cardboard look .
has got to be one of , if not the worst movie of the year , what a waste . h sewell
the picture is for unid , and the sale is one ! its a foul , i dont buy any more , thsnks
rent it first jeff hunter just reads the script no emotion poor acting , great music score by rosza
spanish olives are not as perfumed as italian . also , wait for sales and you do better .
i was disappointed . it had no give at all . when i put it on it doesn't stretch to buckle it .
did not load up correctly . waited forever and would not work . very disappointed since i love to play mahjong . sad
total mess i can't stop laughing at this dress happy i didn't pay more then what i actually did lol
whem it comes to fake studio gangsters , this guy can be used as a quot fabulous quot example .
couldn't read it it was not in english didn't say anything on porduct to order english . bla bla bla bla
didnt work , another hoax
it worked for about two weeks and will not charge either of our tablets now . i am returning it now .
some stories not that great
i went through getting an app to get this and now it comes out . u need to speed it up
very disappointed on how long it took to start to fill the order and subsequently its slow arrival to me .
i hated this album because i thought it was going to be marvin gaye's voice i a want a refund !
too small . i do believe that a x and xl not the same . already ordered the xxl and love it
will not charge and ipod touch rd generation as is says it will , do not waste your money
not very loud . could not handle the heat and the speakers were just horrible . i do not recommend this product at all
i could not exit from it once it was opened . terribly frustrating . i decide to uninstall it mins after downloading .
not my favorite book , just kept reading to see if it got better . was too wierd for me and boring .
i hate this brand total waste of money and it smells awfull id never tell anyone to buy these never
i can't figure out hoe to play it . i can not find any directions on how to play the game .
returned , they only issued of my money , please be aware . this product misleading !
author's name on the cover was incorrectly spelled hurdard . correct spelling is hurnard . also , the book was an odd size .
do not buy this cheep phone , stopped working in about weeks , worked fine then all of a sudden nothing , piece of junk !
had to return item because i was sent a single canvas instead of a package of six . i was disappointed .
the second time i used the hair dryer , it stopped mid drying and never worked again ! a total waste of money .
the bracelet was riddled with rust within a month of wearing it . it is fun toplay with . for a month .
until april i still do not receive the product . what's going on ? how can i get the product ?
not good quality , used twice and has a rip in it .
not the best could run faster and the battery dies way to fast , still better than no phone tho
all of them leak ! so disappointing . it's like the hole is too big . but it constantly leaks . don't buy them .
i think this is only water did nothing and followed as directed does not work ! i would not buy it !
i finished it so quick i downloaded it min ago l will never get one of these again really
waste of time . doesn't even download . should just be removed from the store .
not worth the time and certainly not worth the money . i expected a little more genuine insight , not this dribble .
did not seem to work well on my kindle fire . would not recommend using this on your devices for sports .
it is a slow book and i could not get interested in reading it . i probably won't read anymore fly books .
elementary writing , lame jokey material , big bonus . you can read it in a couple hours .
gibson is a true field marhsall for baby jesus . word .
sorry to say , but the truth is needed . if you read the book you will not like the movie .
it broke just trying to put it on my phone , very cheap feeling . this was my second one i purchased , it sucked
didnt fit cheap material rips while instaling
how disappointing that this cd is instrumentals only and no actual songs from movie .
sound wasn't even . sometimes had to turn the volume up to the highest level . it was very disappointing to me .
i orderd clocks . four out of six had rattle coming from inside of cloccks . loose parts . returning for refund .
i have had it work well and not at all . you can't count on it working for all videothanks
did not like . looks very cheap . thought it would enhance all of my alex and ani bracelets . it does not .
it was oki guess i'm just something to doso you know it's ok i guess i'm just board
cheap copy works terrible takes forever to shut off . don't buy it you will wind up replacing like i did
a waste of time . i just could not get into this movie in fact i fell asleep while watching . yep .
i'd love to play but can't due to an ad that appears as soon as i open game . worthless game .
this candle has absolutely no fig scent . rather , it has the generic sickenly sweet scent one finds in cheap candles .
i spent money on this thinking it was a different book as it had a completely different title . buyer beware .
it is a very simple and weak decoration . not very bright , i bealive expensive for what you recieve at the end
i kept waiting for something interesting to happen but was disappointed . so many good actors and nobody stepped up . boring !
super cheap . our year old couldn't even push it in the grass because it was so flimsy .
you would see this movies picture right next to it . watching this drek makes baby jesus cry .
i can't believe i spent the time watching this movie ! what a terrible movie . very slow and pointless ! don't bother !
product is cheaply made for the price . dryers dont work that great . they r small . they should include the plug in . thanks
i would hesitate to call this tarp heavy duty , never mind super heavy duty .
its not worth the money . its glued together and looks like rubber . dont waste your time and money . no .
had to buy a different frame in order to put this picture up , not happy about that .
good design but after two weeks already broken that's why i have to give star . it is cheaply made
it looks cool , but it's unusable .
did not work at all , i really think i received a broken returned product . junk plastic . do not waste money
this was said to be a ton of vintage ball pigs and it was everything but that very disappointed
i'm sorry but i did not get what i espected , it has a bad odor and it doesn't go away .
this connector dos't have a saftey feature .
did not realize it was headlines onlynot sure if that was clear or i missed reading it . won't do that again
it fit perfectly and i had no problems ! it came with cardboard to smooth the bubbles out . it was great !
easy to hang on umbrella , but hard to take it out . easy to fall out , break .
disappointed . pleased with the size however the blue sapphire looks black . no sparkle to it at all . spend money elsewhere .
the print didn't last long at all . i have one for a droid that lasted longer . don't know why
not what i wanted
it's weak . don't expect much . it can froth a cup of hot chocolate but won't beat an egg or two .
just couldn't get into it . too many good books out there , without struggling to read one that doesn't peak my interest .
i now agree with other reviewers . not worth the money . buy newborns at the dollar store instead .
the diet is unrealistic with young children and not very clear on what's what . the recipes are not very tasty
caveat emptor . there is no indication on amazon that these are rerecorded versions , not the original versions ! itunes discloses this .
i didn't get to use it , because was broken when it got to me . i guest it was to cheap .
can not really review this one as it would never download properly and when it did download would not play .
this book is writen only for an african american audience , or readers .
very low quality . construction is small staples in low density particle board . the lipper product is much better solid .
horrible completely horrible . i hate it very much i bought it and i just threw it away .
false advertisement said count pack of but its only a count of
these are poorly made and do not fit any of my bras . would never purchase again . uncomfortable and didn't work .
sharp edges that hurt your face . gave me cuts when i tried to use it . threw it away almost immediately .
i want to use it but it smells like fiberglass resin low rating because i doesn't was off . strong line
not one of his best . i wish he would take more time with his characters , like turow or martel .
i wasn't sure what i'd get but it turns out to be basicly an overpriced notebook
would not work
light weight web belt . cheap price but dissapointed with weight and thickness . i guess its ok but not military quality .
repeat of previous ufo documentary videos on the same subject . ufo documentaries need more different info to interest me .
bought this razor and extra blades . the blade keeps falling off the shaver . terrible product design .
these lenses seem very blue in the photo but are much more subtle . not really what i expected . work fine though .
i was very disappointed with this book . everything in it was just common sense , with no drawings or photo examples .
two seconds of gym time will make this deodorant sponge into your shirt like hot wax . it smells good . word
the game does not work . after playing one round , the game starts over . we will be rerurning it .
it is junk does not work as stated have to use indirect heat which takes forever , good luck with that folks
i bought and both wheels got stuck right away was very disappointed my plastic shouldn't work better than metal .
i ordered this movie thinking it was something different i did watch it , but it just wasn't what i expected .
usually a fan of tim winton but at times i find his ridiculous over use of expressive writing over bearing .
it really is like the title says and only time can tell whether it is really bad or just mediocre .
it just does not work , plain and simple . i would recommend spending the extra cash and getting a decent cable .
still have not received this book . it's on back order
it took almost a month to get here and it turned out to be the wrong battery , just horrible
i really liked how plc didn't win but they ended up with a totally cool deal from the golden spoon .
the first level with the panda is so hard ! and don't get me started with the rest of the levels !
can not use touchscreen with plastic on , and velcro is very weak and falls off easily . going into trash bin .
i ordered pink and got red
does not work at all . my dog continues to bark despite the warnings ! poor product ! would not recommend to anyone !
attractive and well made for the price , but the shelves on this stupid thing are too short to hold dvds .
this is a cheesy bedskirt . it doesn't look very good and hangs unevenly .
junk would not recommend
bought because of quality is said . whole book was marked up .
it held my interest
does not play my wd cloud drive mpg files . wasted my money . lousy user interface . do not waste your money
the screen protecter scratches very easily . i didn't have it on even a day and it was covered with them .
each cable failed to work within weeks . total waste .
piece of junk . i threw it out and bought this one instead fulcrum multi flex led task light , silver it's much better .
it was working in the beginning and after weeks , it just suddenly stopped working , buyers beware ! wouldn't recommand buying
i hate this i really wanted to play this app but it sucked dont waste ur money
paid for app amp still no have update , why ? evo g . waste of a dollar , disaponted . expected more , please explain !
this case did not meet my expectations . it doesnt hold the ipod in securely and i would not recomend it !
did not allow page turning when kindle inserted buttons did not have enough room to maneuver . had to return item
the can is so freaking small ! it is not worth it . please be sure to check the ounces before buying .
not well padded . more of just a travel case . not much padding to protect the ipad . need an otter box for protection
when someone calls me he can hear his voice back because of zerolemon it's really annoying
the description clearly states set of markers however this is a scam to have you overpay for one marker !
i thought it was the orignal one but it wasnt and it gets really hot after only a few mins
the tracking on this unit is awlful i do not think i will purchase any thing eletronic from amazon again
i already have a carving set . this purchase was not necessary . it is more the space it takes . oh well !
i ordered this dvd and it is not the series , i received a movie !
projector was in decent condition but had a blur in the middle of the image when projected satisfied . not thrilled
very dull show . flat characters and weak lame plot lines in the episodes . glad i didn't buy this show on dvd .
this unit just trips every few seconds and is basically unusable . i got a replacement and that did the same .
the item came scratched and nicked . also poor hardware quality . i wasn't pleased with the product for the price point .
useless . its doesnt fit any thing its wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to small dont waste our money . the thing is not worth sneding back .
bought it two months ago . used it no more than twice a week . already gone . low qualitydo not waste your money
the whole plot had no point and no out come i didn't even laugh not a good read at all
crashes often .
these batteries have hopelessly low capacity . even in a simple childrens book with some musical sounds , they last atmost a day .
i remember now , i remember how it started , i can't remember yesterday , i just remember liking what they told me
maybe the moths died before i put these out , but they have't trapped any . unsure what is happening .
these labels don't stick to the produce . they are forever falling off and sticking to wrong produce of the floor !
these bowls are beautiful but just like the mugs of the same color they chip very easily .
very awkward to put in ear . controls are indecipherable . not good at all .
poor quality housing , flimsy lid and paper tray . big , bulky , ports ink carriage difficult to access . i opened immediately returned .
there is quite a bit of static . it is exactly as described . don't buy if you have an iphone
good for a child's bracelet . but way too small for any adult . my bead never even arrived . very disappointed .
sent it back because wanted the rotating head owl
they keyed versions can be unlocked within seconds with a hollowed out pen .
this hard drive was defective . it had bad sectors on it and i had to return it . a real shame .
the small usb link did not stay in the phone and it did not work as a converter at all .
this cheap toothbrush head slips easily when brushing teeth ! don't waste your money buy the brand name ! very poor quality !
you get what you pay for junk .
super thin and stretches out when i'm trying to attach it to the nails . i will not be using it .
this book started slow and really didn't pick up speed . i guess it would be a good read for teens .
sry purchase the wrong item not what i really wanted so i had return them thank u very much
it is a completely different color then what is posted . it's color does not match the keyboard protector at all
eh .
i'm not happy with the shoes ! they actually hurt my feet so bad !
it smells like chemicals . very unpleasant in body products . the yellow is much better .
too much flute . i wanted more english horn . reminded me of elevator music . i would return it if i could .
i have been taking as directed and see no change . it does not work . it was a waste of my money .
since this guide did not answer the questions i had , i found ti useless .
couldn't get into the movie at all . i wish i would have saved my money
this product is categorized as unlocked . nobody compensates you for time lost and other costs other than what u paid
definitely not as easy as described . i followed the instructions to the letter and it did not hold the teeth .
plastic base is too wide to fit in the socket . i tried shaving it down but couldn't cut enough off .
bad china quality !
just not what i expected . very thin and flimsy . not a good deal at all . hopefully the next placemats will be better .
never worked from day one . did not oscillate . light weight , poor quality , don't waste your money
stardust sounds like it would be a great movie but i have not finished it . too many distractions at home .
thia book is out dated . the information it provides is to broad
i can only say that this product is shoddily made , the clips break easily and they slide on the hanger .
just a serie of photo that didn't work on my unit if my unit was better than it worth it
i never received the book despite my visa card being charged . amazon needs to do a better job screening sellers .
production , editing , amateurish ! , title misleading . secrets of the dead is a waste of time . can someone giveme a amen ? . signed disappointed me
don't waste your money .
two sizes to small . send back at my expense and frustration !
this music is very bad and only one song is worth listening too . i wouldn't recommend this album at all .
it is rather rough and snags on most clothing . i wear this ring occasionally but not on a regular basis .
never got quicken , returned to you as undeliverable and now it is out of stock
fine product but not enough in the package to make this purchase worth it . will not buy this quantity again
it is too small
i expected it to have captions and it didn't . i really need captions . i know i would love the series .
i ordered them specifically because they they were green and blue and for two boys . they delivered cream and brown .
the story line was predictable not a terrific writer . not much depth to the character , she annoyed me at times .
this was a falsely advertised item it didnt convert any of my cables to work for my xbox controller
did not like the language in the book . the characters lacked depth . story line predictable . i would not recommend this book .
it was a sweet story but a pretty b movie
says inner depth , it's not . it's . doesn't fit my speakers .
i sent the unit to brazil , and it already ruined . i'm very upset . what should i do ? can i return ? livia
not at all what i expected it won't stay together and was very poor quality made
not the greatest but ok for the moneyfeels and looks the same as a harbor freight one
this is basically a fitness magazine that has the audacity to suggest the america's second amendment is a health risk .
nancy seems like she certainly could use a little magic desert cowboy rapscallion in chaps twiddling her knobs .
i'm very disappointed with the quality of this product . even on turbo setting it seems to be straining . not good
it's ok .
i only gave two stars because i was not able to get this adapter to work with my ipad .
these filters are a joke . if you need a real filter , save your money and by a fat can filter .
what a disappointment . the bell fell apart upon gently removing from package . i guess you get what you pay for .
cheaply made . fell apart . would rather spend money on better bag . do not waste any money on this product . thanks
what a sad commentary . poorly conceived , poorly written amp poorly edited . and getting so much attention .
we have tried this product everywhere and followed directions to the letter . we still have yet to catch one mole !
it doesn't stay in the shoe well , moves around , gets caught under the arch . it was not worth the money .
im looking for the case for new ipad ipad can i use this case for ipad or just ipad ?
fair , did not used it much . the whole game plays slow . could be better . room for improvement is available yes
the content of the disk was fine when it would play . the disk would frequently stop , stutter , or outright stop .
toontown online was an awesome game but it is closed down now you can't play this game on line any more .
with a very good case the back still cracked on a small drop it's not that good of a covering
newer ones are not worth purchasing . has a magnet , but will not trigger the ultra handy on off feature . do not buy .
orange , streaky and blotchy and a mess . dont do it . just dont .
very flimsy like the others said . only the big one works at all . i wouldn't call it a good deal .
this monitor sucks . sound is tinnie . feels cheaply made . you can't turn the video on and off at will . junk
the color is nothing compared to how it looks in the picture ! the matterial it's made out off sucks
this kindle charger worked for months approx a dozen charges . save your money . or buy at a time .
i pay for my buckle and i didn't get it were is it . ? i want it i pay for it .
exactly what i expected out of hollywood and it's forgone conclusions . wait till it comes out on a free station .
it was hard to stay awake . boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring .
interesting story which could have been written better with good editing . i may read the next installment but not soon .
far and away the worst attempt at a baskeball game i've ever seen . graphics starsgameplay starsea comeback stars
its weird and expensive maybe not what i wanted shirt is smaller than the skirt yea its a itam
the flag is about x that comes on a x piece of white cardboard . description should be corrected . very disappointed .
my wrist is to big for this bracelet my fault . if you have a big wrist inch won . t cut it ,
it is not user friendly , and does not allow for custom macro levels like the description states , would not recommend .
i want to open and it goes to the app store and it says open and i does not open
the heads are half the normal size , as if they were for children . i will never purchase again
horrible . horrible . even my year old asked what it was because it sounds nothing like ac dc . worst cover ever .
i bought this for my child and the pages fell out after just a few uses ! not worth it .
this book sucks my child is so mad . he says all it shows is top graphics . fail fail fail
a stone was missing . the airi rings are nice . my daughter love them but a stone was missing . that's it .
predictable , silly , inane , juvenile , silly , boring , did not enjoy , a waste of money . i ran out of words to say
cock ring stretched out after one use and was too loose to use again . save your money for candy and flowers
clips are way too small for hair , they fall off every minutes . you get what you paid for r
it is advertised as a jacket and it's just a shirt . i returned it . did not like it at all
this bonzai arrived without a single needle on it , with an atrocious pruning job . i am definitely returning this tree .
left broken
ui is so tiny the game is impossible to play on my samsung gs . no option to zoom
took forever to get , and was so cheap when it finally came from china . i got what i paid for .
take to long getting to the point .
this product did not fit the phone very well . it should be stronger than what it is . it is flimsy .
it only shows like designs and when you try to create your own design it is hard to draw
it's an orange and purple striped shark ! ? ! ? . not an orca .
lights not giving visibility at night those are so poor on brightness if some is close to them start melting
had this one day and the case cracked . not sturdy at all . sad because it's pretty , another waste of money
great show but jumped the shark and fell in during this last season . first were better in my opinion .
fun book . anecdotes of the greatest movie actors . easy reading , it humanize many of the silver screen idols , using historical incidents .
not very good
just work during some months then started blinking and then stop working
the cover on the cable began to fall apart within weeks from when i purchased the cable from amazon
do not buy this it stop work after the second time i use it , it won't power on any more
runs out of battery fast . slow to turn it on . kindle fire works better . was expecting a better product .
there were some parts when you think the movie is going to pick up , but it never really takes off
awful . waste of money .
i just use it for months . now i cant move up and down really ? i will never buy it again !
several items were rusty and none of them stay in the proper locations in the case . total waste .
it died after weeks , put in the window in kitchen , med light , and water like instructed and it died
just arrested for child porn charges . sicko .
bought to watch network shows when i travel outside us can't be done a waste of time !
my kindle version does not include an index . although this wasn't expensive , a thesaurus without an index is useless .
wouldn't rent again . there's only one redeemable character in this movie , and i already know it's not good to lie .
clip is garbage broke everytime it bumped something i would never buy this product again a complete waste of money !
nice construction , durable , but degrees off . if thermometer had been true to temperature i would have given stars .
poor qualities . i got it wet and it blistered all over
i downloaded software and it doesn't work ? contacted tech department and no answer , that was weeks ago , please help me ! thanks
taste horrible . i don't like this at all . a great waste of money .
this is honestly horrible ! the front clip broke off and the case is useless now ! i got a full refund
this was not a privacy screen . it was more of just a screen protector . thats not what i had ordered .
it came to me broken , but it did work . barely . broken or not , the build quality is poor at best .
the salad fingers look better than the received product , which have not been well finished and are rough to the touch .
you step to not sustain ! ? this product is backwards and show have a switch or something to reverse the staining abilities ?
did not fit the one mini . nothing lined up properly . couldn't push the volume keys when the case was on .
it is so simple that i cannot understand the concept . used it only for minute and saw no purpose .
its a nice enough scarf but it is synthetic . the colours are bright and the scarf is of decent size
these earrings were of very light material and smaller than i anticipated them looking . just not much of a statement .
an overcast stitch or seam is too bad ! it's a very unhappy shopping experien and i will never buy it again !
i was surprised to see it . no story , no action , no nothing and it was wasting money to buy it .
didn't work for me !
haven't even had this phone charger for three months and it has randomly stopped working . definitely don't recommend this charger .
buy it only if you are planning to anker it , other way any wind will blow it away
its a piece of crap ! alzo its cheap , mag dosent feed right , and it barely gets a bullet out of the barrel
htc touch pro is to long for the magnetic latch . it should be removed from the list .
but sadly it is not a point .
if your poetry is any good , you should need to result to unethical if not illegal methods to advertise it .
this game sucks and it won't even turn on . i'm not going to get any more games like this ever again .
wish i never ordered . fits but not a work shoe . uncomfortable shoe also . make feet sweat too much . not satisfied .
it's fake . don't waste your money because you can't return it . i am very very disappointed . hate this product !
they don't work on c
the sound quality on this cd is not good at all and i wish i had not purchased it .
look old and cheap right after taking out from the box . don't buy it ! look a lot cheaper than .
no ties on back to hold it to your chair . slip through constantly , annoying ! also , much thinner padding than expected .
the scroll wheel will spaz out anytime i try to use it . the cursor also starts glitching up as well .
see ratings on other print apps for kindle fire hdx above .
the classic recording with lotte lenya should be on cd and i wish you had it .
don't bother to order this book , it was of no use to me .
got an iphone c case instead of what i ordered . it would never fit the phone . daughter is upset
poorly stitched and poor sun protection . ropes are a joke . returned
the comsupmtion rate of the battery life is too fast . would prefer a lighter and smaller pedometer .
i can't believe people in the st century still fall for this nonsense . it's absolutely absurd .
downloaded this for my grandson , thinking it was the original book . it only had six pages and no story line .
the material is beautiful but the top had no support . it kept folding over dumping me out of the shirt .
not at all helpful . i bought two of the series and returned both of them . mostly education jargen .
this was the worst phone case ever . we had to glue the piece together . never would buy this again
the game board did not include all of the necessary letters . none of the words were found in the game .
too expensive for the quality that this case is . not recommended bc looks too cheap . got better one for less p
ok at first , then became very boring . didnt like it very much . now go off of my review screen already
warming was not existent . it always left a sticky feel i won't be reordering this anytime soon . don't try it
this app has not lived to its promise . is too slow . how do i remove it ? it tries my patience .
it works good when it's in the laptop . however it falls out of the battery compartment every time i move it .
i used these for only a week or two before they just ceased to work . perhaps just poor internal quality ?
does not give any forcast just current weather . i wanted at least high and low for the next hrs .
i did not realize the calendar was for last year . why would i need to buy last years calendar ?
magnets failed after weeks . smart cover not smart .
very flimsy handles that make it hard to get momentum to kill flies . the head broke on the first swat .
this product looks great on the wall , but be prepared to us an adhesive from keeping it from falling off .
this product did not work a advertised . used it or a month with no changes in under eye puffiness .
don't want to bother returning , but wouldn't buy againlight , nice shape and size , easy mounting , but fogged from first use
i did read this book as a teenager and i hated it so much i couldn't even finish it .
could not read past the first chapter because the foul language was offensive to me . i returned the book unread .
. difficult to carry around . . the hinges will give in in some time due to heavy screen .
it didn't work . what a redicolus ! no body buy this any more . remote and train didn't show any connection ! s !
this product is not what i expected . it does not straighten my hair or keep the frizz to a minimum .
a coffee maker isn't any good if you can't get filters for it .
it won't runit won't uninstallthey won't support itwhat more can i say ?
it's pretty , but shoddily made and everything will be falling off apart soon enough . your will not be an investment .
bulky and less informative with too much text . it should be graphical with lots of examples not just text .
worked for a while , but gear under the lid is very fragile and broke . do not waste your money .
it's not a good cutout , it's drawn over a white background , i thought it was clear but it wasn't .
overrated fan . just go to lowes or home depot and save money and get something you can return in person .
this is a false add and photo . order this if you want a overpriced replacement screw . what a terrible disappointment .
it is hit or miss to get the bluetooth keyboard to connect . otherwise the case is protective of the i pad
doesn't appear same as color in picture . it's really a light purple and pink case . wouldn't recommend this at all .
it was like wearing a stiff canvas bag . i wore them a couple times and then threw them away really .
the game controls are terrible . the game is ok but for now it is a just over the controls .
what exactly is food paint ? would love full disclosure . i would like to know what food paint is derived from .
the clasp is impossible and it just doesn't look right .
not richard gere's finest hour . movie had too much cursing . it did not hold my interest . would not watch again .
i expected to at least have some wine pairings . very disappointing to have recipes that don't rise to proper sophistication .
not very good and had problems with several .
gameboard display on monitor is sq . sellers reply . its an older game .
that shirt smell very bad . i have not idea about that . please give me reasonthanksgianroberto cionigianroberto . cioni gmail . comthanks
price is not reasonable at all when comparing other dsl . most accessories are trash . the price is much much overrated !
i dont have internet connections , and could not get this printer to work at all
these sheets are not any good st time i washed them the color faded . i woy ld not suggest buying them
no thank you there are a few other seasonings out there that taste much much better . sorry just not for me .
pretty lame
too light for me . not enough depth and believability of the characters . more soap opera level drama than real emotion .
does not look like pic
i only read a trash . save your money for something worthwhile . trash . not worth seven more words required .
i would waste my money on it . find another movie , i was very disapointed , i wanter to see more of mia zottoli
this book was flat , bland , and over rated . wish i could have given it no star at all .
this app is totally worthless and and useless ! for me , it just decided a different choice each time in repetition .
don't waste your money on this item . very cheap unit . volume does not go high enough to hear the beats .
turned my nephews neck green
my taste has change over the years . i shouldn't bought it . its okay my mom loves it . go figure . she plays it alot .
useless app . just like whatever one else said below . i cant believe they normally sell it for bucks ! dumb .
not mac to gud to be tru . they are very fake im so mad yo pense k era the real staf
i do not understand how to play the game . i tried couple times , but i delited it . that is why .
i used times over then theblack screw part got loose , can't use any more . do not buy it .
garbage . not funny whatsoever . nothing but crude sexual humor that was perhaps written by a years old . don't bother .
i spend more time keeping my sims in good hygine than i do myself . sad , i know .
look at the ingredient list , and it is a prime example of how terribly misleading labels can be these days .
the bottom of the shirt is so tight , there's no way anyone that size can fit into it , not impressed .
had the same shoe before same size , width and this shoe was to small will not by these again
the image quality is poor and the lumens are so low that one must be in a blacked out room .
very bad product , i suggest to not buy it . bad materialsbad designbad lookingnot worth the money paid
i felt misled , because the cover mentions both the new and old testaments , but only the new testament was included .
broke filling second ball . not a green product ! bad for the environment ! should be illegal to sell . do not buy !
i would also appreciate it if i could buy the whole season . buying one episode at a time is ridiculous .
nice design loud feedback buzz on macbook pro . brought the bose instead you get what you pay for
i just stop reading it after few chapter . it was more of a repeat of lost love and nobody cares .
if you wear a size nine , get a ten . the boots are small ! other than that they are very comfortable
i was looking for meditation music and got elevator music . why anyone could call it new age i don't know .
worked like you'd expect it too , until it didn't . lasted several months .
never again .
cute looking , but the fabric is very thin and not worth the money . good if you just want to display
nonfunctional waste of time and money . it stopped working within days of purchase . i do not recommend to anyone .
hi , itsn't worth for . may be i missed interpreted the it looks and bought it for . thanks , jb
the price was nice and i usually like corsair stuff but it broke weeks after i got it . .
i received an old package that looked like it had been returned . dirty and the opening was taped shut . gross !
there are so many things wrong with this game , that i don't even know where to begin . three words . doody .
just started . need more viewing to give more stars .
i assembled this ugly rack and then went to the dump with it . it is ugly , and cheap looking .
the design was what we wanted . the wood quality and finish did not meet our expectations . we sent it back .
tissue like and quite small
didn't care for the characters . they just didn't grab me and i found i didn't really care how it ended .
this crappy case was cracked when i received it . way to go china you fail again ! will not buy again !
my poor daughter had a hole in her pants at school and it spread like a bad pair of nylons .
why did it take years to make the sequel ? nuff said
not comfortable unless you sleep in one position all night . this pillow made my neck hurt more !
wrong color . material was kind of thin
not what i expected . thought this was about phillipa . return was accomodating . sent this info to you before . thank you .
my copy would not install . i emailed the publisher who refused to believe that there was a problem .
smaller than expected . more like tights than leggings and ripped the first time i put them on ! poor quality at best
kinda disappointed . really thin not much to them
not bouncy wore down quickly from dogs teeth not the pinky hi bounce i've ordered elsewhere
quality was poor and fit sloppy ,
not made to wear in snow or water . cheap boots , but cozy and warm feel ! only good for mall hoppers !
no where close to what i thought it was . i didn't finish it . i couldn't wrap my thoughts around it .
most have claimed it works on ps but this one does not for any of my ps games . meh meh .
i received a shower head that changed color by temperature and the light didn't stay on for long .
this does not fit the samsung galaxy tablet . . its false advertisement . please remove from description . only works for ipad
does nothing for severe arthritis thus fa .
i have not notice a big changes .
they didnt checked visually while sending . one of the adapters they sent is defected . very poor service ! one is working fine .
i really like good writing . this isn't it . unfortunately this book never caught my attention nor desire to continue reading .
tablet will not stay in
ripped during first use after only wearing it for a few hours during work so i would say buying beware
the top shirt is as big as the under shirt . it's not cropped like it looks in the picture . returning .
i think someone screw up with this , it won't fit my acer , and it is bulky at the bottom ,
stars . don't waste your money . if you do buy it , make sure you buy a case of batteries too .
i don't care for books written in the first person , but was a good read . very descriptive characters butdisjointed
there are no pictures to reference . so that can be dangerous . as a field guide i think it's worthless !
the decal does not come off of the paper easily . the deal ripped in spots when i was applying it .
doesn't fit the macbook pro a with retina display mm too long useless , a waste of my money !
it only worked for two days ! it stopped working out of noware . i guess you get what you pay for
can get a better and cheaper one at bed bath and beyond . they had them during the holidays for . .
this is for one sheet ! what a rip off ! these sheets usually are around cents apiece !
the wallet is great material , number compartments , but doesn't fit the brazilian passport . so , had to use other inner compartment .
slowed down my shaver .
does not fit my camera . i am returning .
no help
terrible , did not work at all from research , they use a bogus chip that's useless , warning , warning , warning , warning
this product wasn't what i thought . so i wasn't happy with product so i uninstalled it all together . the end
i only received the kaju rolls . nothing else . no rakhi , no silver coin i'm going to open a case with amazon .
cans at ea cans at . cani'll just walk down the street thanks
my only problem was they sent me the wrong color powder . the first time that's ever happened .
it does not compare to the propolis bought in brazil . it does not have the same effects that the brazilian one .
there was some interesting information in this book however overall , lightweight reading . too slick with his fix it solutions for families
this game is in japanese and you need a whole different gaming system for the game to work .
you have to sit perfectly still with these things on your fingers or the polish remover leaks . they are terrible
it's okay . just start . don't have an opinion yet . only the beginning of few chapters need more time to finish book
cant believe how aweso . me this is i . ham this ia awesome i'm . board . what kind of crape is this
the rope kept tangling up and i could not use it . the wire did not work at all for me .
spyware cloaked as a benign game . why does a solo player game need my contact listinfo ? rediculous data mining app
this was a very strange book . i finished it but i seriously considered stopping about halfway . i don't recommend it .
my husband did not like this product at all he did not like the consistency or the smell .
not an interesting read . found the circular file quickly just not the type of reading material i expected or really wanted
the plastic mace insignia peeled off from all the pepper guns i bought before even opening the gun packages .
would not roll straight even without weight on it . didn't want to roll at all with weight of coffee pot .
wasn't what i thought it would be . was disappointed and did not spend much time reading this series of books .
this watch is the size of something flavor clave would wear around his neck . it is huge ! could not return .
horrible case didn't fit and had no good customer service
the last chapter is dedicated to installing the ide and sharepoint . hardly the development tool it purports to be . skip !
doesn't work with my gb a data microsd card . if you're thinking about buying it , think again , save yourself the disappointment .
very fragile some arrived broken . smaller than anticipated .
to me this product is old . it has that odd smell like it has turned rancid . will not buy again .
have to write twenty words about this book . time spent reading it would have been better spent napping . the end .
this train engine is rather weak . it struggles to climb up slopes .
already breaking apart and it was a gift feel bad but she needed . i think they should make the product better .
i hated this book . back jacket blurbs reference dostoevsky and salinger do not be fooled . read better prose from lauren conrad .
poor product
found it shallow and trite . it was kind of a bible lite . glad it was a borrow and not a buy .
i returned this stand , altho advertised to fit kindle fire . , it did not hold the fire securely . too bad
i am having a difficult time finishing this book . it is packed full of generalities and honestly a bit boring .
no so good .
very confusing game with options you can't use with too many ads ! it was not type of slot game expected .
stupidest game ever do not waste your money on this game it should show pictures of what it really does
nice but size way off . xl is more like a medium . very nice material , and design . just way to small .
the large size , more like child size
supercalifragilistickexpialadotious ! wich meens crapacalifragilisticexpialadotious ! i hated the crap of a thing ! a picture for my c ! a picture of a burger !
this remix is not nearly as good as the original . it lacks the push or the bass of the original
i didn't receive the item , i don't think it was the seller's fault , it just didn't arrive .
i bought candles , poor me ! the candles require aaa batteries they lasted only weeks . expensive holiday season .
unfortunately , tor's artists are whack . too bad jordan didn't utilize the same artist george rr martin used for his .
didn't get to watch it i paid for it but didn't let me view it i have no idea why
i could barely hear any am , fm , or sw stations ! i returned it right away . very disappointed . len , barnegat nj
i've been pleased with this appliance . quick and easy to use . improves my relationship with the dog . eighteen , nineteen , twenty .
caused conflicts with office on my mac , an mac divices . cost me money and upgrades to fix . took off computer .
this app is stupid
pretty but the crystals will come off after awhile . i suggest an otter box or rubber case . will last longer .
poor quality . you would be better off making your own . also it's tiny , it would barely fit a toddlers head .
it is alright for a beginner puzzler . it will help pass the time but it is not challenging to me .
the bag was cute . but the bag broke the first day i wore it . so i was very disappointed
very flimsy . we bought for outdoor gate but they broke almost instantly .
okay , snaps fit weird , but great for a novelty gift . sort of uncomfortable but could take time to break in .
cables worked for about weeks , now both of the cables quit working . don't buy , invest in the real cables .
had it repaired once , under warranty . about a year and a half , now it's dead . no more samsung for me !
they don't work , how do i rerun they ? won't charge . my husband has hearing problem . can't use to ear tv .
you get what you pay for . cheap foam . cheaper glue . just threw out half the roll after trying using around two doors .
it i whould have know hot it was guna work i whould have spent more on a good mp player
way to big for my normal sized month old . super cute but had to return for a smaller size .
much smaller than the picture shown . guess i learned a lessonthank youjust filling up some space now . really . ahem
inside too small only holds to oz . , the shape of the 'lens' makes for a small , unstable base .
i will never purchase these again . did not hold a cup of water . ultra thin and not worth my money .
only lumen not . put new module in lumen dropped . still bright but not what as advertised .
it runs really small . i would say about a size too small . i would love it if it actually fit .
smaller then i thought
game does not work properly . will not add up when you hit the double diamonds or anything else . very dissapointed
very flimsy and low quality . it actually did not fit on my keystone cougar fifth wheel either .
to small for the price , size not enough . this is an old product and should cost less and get more .
bought this from target . the plastic that attaches to the tire valve broke in a few uses . poor quality design .
did not fit insinkerator as described . i used in another sink but i was hoping it would have worked better .
no real reason , just was not my kind of movie . may be one of those you need to watch several times .
first time i open the wallet the zipper in side was defective . it didn't open the whole way it stuck .
clearly written before ms . evanovich got her craft honed , it was frankly a great dissapointment . no stephanie plum that's for sure .
a good book with an excellent plot .
there was only one good song on this cd . i would not recommend it to anyone . i was very disappointed .
i bought this usb to serial adapter for a specific use and it did not function at all in that use . unhappy !
not the same quality and build as the z . i prefer the montrail brand when it comes to flip flops .
buyer beware i ordered an additional sensor and followed the instructions to the letter but it does not work .
good idea for kids , but they don't work on the same channel .
it's an interesting plot but reads like it was self published and not edited . so , i gave up and moved on .
the first stage is only on lonely fish in a lake , my kids enjoy more riding the boat than fishing .
title pretty much sums it up . very cheap plastic but cute . we don't expect it to last long .
this eureka vacuum work good when it's new . but less than a year the belt burn badly when turn on .
there was no light when plugged in to charge . i was able to return the drill ok without a problem .
please give us the sizes in english . what is the equivelant of sizes , and ?
cute but do not glow in the dark . but my small children still like them . i would go with another
it wasn't nearly as good bad as i'd hoped it would be . lots of text , not nearly enough bad art .
lasted like or months . this is not a very high quality sprayer either . i won't buy this again .
in app purchase nagware . creepy , privacy intruding scoreloop . bland level design . boring gameplay . all around crud . stay far , far away from this app .
the silicone deformed after approx i months . now when you take off the bluetooth the earpiece stays in your ear
it fell apart the first time i dropped the phone and dented the phone . looks pretty but useless . don't bother
comes in pieces and they don't fit together . peels off wall after days
overly simple story that did not hold my attention . did not finish reading this books , it was not well written .
i is really boring and short i hate the book just delete it gosh this book sucks wow wow wow
i enjoy a good memory loss book but unfortunately this wasn't one of them . bad writing , bad editing .
different . certain pages seemed to be duplicated . poor editingis the problem . story content is fair though . kept me entertained .
terrible , hated the product . not actual size i personally feel like i was trickedinto buying a nonsense device . ssssuuuucccckkkkkeeeeddd
told me stuff that weren't true . like elephants can fly . that's what how rediculous some of his research is .
all i can think after reading this piece of com pletely boring garbage is gooonk ! gooonk ! gooonk !
this system had no results for me . i do not recommend this product for anyone trying to lose belly fat
not the original artist . a copy but not j moss is not singing . this cd sucks . dont wast your money
sucked it broke as soon as i got it
it looked like a good app , but it would not work on my kf at all , so i deleted it .
some balls break easy and some balls dont fit on the bar like they should im not happy with it
downloaded , installed , and failed to work . incapatable issues , no solution available . win bit home premium . ati radeon hd .
one of their best songs , head games was missing from the compilation . for shame . warner bros . should have known better
the size of the gem is too big . it is not looks elegant . not fot me . i am very dissappointed .
too small
these pants were stained when arrived and somewhat bleached out like they been worn and washed before i receive them
intro to porn . didn't find much sacredness in this set . grossly modified ancient teachings of the kama sutra .
i cannot understand engrish very well .
well , unfortunately for me it fried all my hdds and my video card on initial install . so . dunno how good it is .
i bought this for my daughter and she used it twice and the switch broke
only got that rating because i did not finish the movie
the story itself wasn't too bad but the horrible editing made it rather annoying and difficult to read at times .
didn't work at all . returned it and bought a genuine samsung wireless charging back . best purchase ever !
junk . don not ever think to buy this junk . toys for kid maybe better made . front wheels broke with in weeks
although this clip stayed on for me , its fit was such that water gradually got into my nose . very irritating !
worst dog food stand in history ! it is not sturdy ! it sags when full and tips over easily .
it was not my cup of tea . the story too slow for a short story . i didn't finish reading it .
buyer beware ! this is not a talking mike the knight doll ! check the fine print before you waste your money !
i hate this game with a passion . worst game i ever downloaded and this essay is making it much worse .
coating started coming off after a few days
the moment i slid this on it broke . also your hands will smell like burnt wood because of the design .
worked for days only . waste of money . and takes lot of time to fully charged . cheap is cheap always . worthless product .
it was not a case for a point and shoot camera which i thought i purchased . i a returning it .
this is not the 's british band who played alongside sabbath . this is some weak techno music . don't be fooled .
hated this product . it doesn't function correctly at all . i tossed it in the trash . very disappointing .
i could not get the unit to charge or to charge my electronics . i am returning it for another product .
deceptive photo what you get is just the spray bottle . the gallon bottle is not included ! buyer beware .
it was not what i was looking for , i thought it would be a different translation from hebrew to english
. in this case you get what you pay for . i will not purchase again . . . . . .
buyer beware god music . save god music for church .
disgusting . a lord and his valet having a threesome with the lady the lord intends to marry . not for me !
writing just isnt drawing me in
didn't work with my samsung galaxy s very well .
i am very disappointed , i was expecting a variety of colors and they were all the same ugly color .
i didn't realize these are all sang by random people , not the original artist . would not have bought . boo .
upon arrival , sticker right on the cd says . . i was charged . . something doesn't smell right with this purchase !
not d and took forever to get here not happy
slow paced with an awful plot . just not a good movie . expected a lot more with the cast and director .
no good . these tore up the first week . next time i will buy more expensive . at least two thumbs down .
this book is a waste of everyones time . especially of the students forced to read it in public school .
unhappy with this mirror . you have to get inches from it to see yourself .
this is one of those enhancement designed to take your money without providing results . something for nothing nothing nothing . joke
frist of all i dont know how to use it i came with nothing it would be better with help
i'm dissatisfied with this product . it doesn't work as expected . and my eyes get a little swelling after using it . !
insole is not original , so i cant walk , no arch what makes reebok shoes the best , insole is flat , very dissapoment
my kids hate it and i am even more mad that it works terribly . i've learned my lesson , never again .
very difficult to put it into the case , very difficult to navigate the phone while connected . not impressed , not useful .
this movie is only min long . i like other ron white movies , but this is a waste of money .
touch effects need work . it can't be moved to sd card . mb file . touch effects when grabbing items is shotty .
i though id learn something from this . it is so basic that u need another book to learn something !
this is one of the worst books i have ever bought , not well written and really wasn't helpful for anything .
it is not as good as her first book white oleander . i highly recomend white oleander
it's okay . will protect your cover but not much else . plus it makes the power button really hard to use .
poorly made . lasted less than months . if you want a good pack keep looking .
it was advertised as cuticle nipper . product i received was a nail clipper . i had no problem returning it though .
pleasant enough back yard reading fluff . amateurish writing , but tolerable .
this game just didn't stick with me it's free so i try it but no longer have it on my kindle .
i purchased this so i could be a safe driver . this item failed me .
maybe i don't get the concept , but this doesn't fit or stay on the keyboard . i don't see the point .
the picture is different the product ! i bought two itens and received only one ! please , change the picture ! joao junior
the product would not install . setup cannot find standarddr . ww office ww . msi , setup needs this file to install .
it died after weeks and i hardly used it ! save your money and don't buy this . do not buy !
awful . plain stupid .
this book was written for the money and was so short it should have been classified as a short story .
doesn't find anything that is not huge and highly visible . bumping the ground produces a false signal . beyond a waste of .
i thought it was a complete novel . it is a serial . other books must be read to get to end .
couldn't get through the prologue . the writing style is hard to deal with .
the case is not even white its a silver transparent case and doesn't fit on very well either . don't buy
just can't figure out hoe to return it without reading it . maybe next time . amazon must make returning books easier .
interesting concept , but every time i try to play this , it crashes on my kindle . too bad , looked like fun .
i ordered this item , and it never showed up in my kindle application . kind of wondering what went wrong there .
this does not work ! don't waste the money . it only gets luke warm and takes forever to dry your hair .
what a spoiled whiny heroine really disappointed after reading initial reviews . i always finish books , but this one was thumbs down .
only a few funny moments . other than that . terrible . does anyone really like jack black ? the star is for gwyneth .
not the color that is shown
i like it a lot but it is very difficult . i have to try multiple times to pass the level .
frist week the motor will not work .
the book is appropriate for pre k or kindergarten readers . our son is and it was not challenging for him .
the lightning unit does not work has to be tightening ever time you use it
as if the lack of plot and character development wasn't bad enough , this comic book is mostly black and white .
my first read from this author . wasn't impressed meechie too much same story was hoping for different ending or twist .
how can l get the phone replaced . have a yr warrenty on it . quit working . sound went out . thank you sandra .
this product did not meet expectationsit did no fit screenthere was no way to adjusti would not recommend product
not what i thought for my year old daughter . it's words you read no sound . i wouldn't recommend it .
i tried it specifically for antidepressant drug induced ed . no improvement . but i think it does work for some people .
crazy town i liked a few of the songs alot of profanity though would not recommend to parents or children
this garbage hung my system . had to restore to a previous time . do not buy ! what a waste of money .
i feel like the pills are working . however , the smell is kind of off putting so i eventually stopped taking them .
will not fit on radio without a struggle . buy something better . also your radio will get damaged in this case
pathetic why is it necessary to ruin a good story with sex transvestites ?
broke the first time i used it . too wide for standard gutters .
i found this totally unbelievable . major drug companies don't operate this way and i barely managed to finish the book .
very brittle . drop once and broken .
after only wearings a quarter of the stones fell out . would not recommend this to any one . so disappointing .
it stretches the belts too far in my opinion and you really don't need it . just use a couple screwdrivers .
it is not really like the picture and is not worth the price it was . i wound up returning it .
these prices are out . of . line ! look on etsy ! this item should absolutely be no more than dollars at the most !
the connection isn't always clear and crackley . the sound varies . so not so happy with this product .
this heater stand did not come with all the parts , so couldn't be put together and had to be returned .
no good wasn't happy for the price it what it is
wouldn't even turn on . waist of money time . don't bother
terrible
this outfit was so cute on my granddaughter but the sequins started coming off the st time she wore it !
i have always been a size . but everytime i buy shoes on line the . are too big . very frustrating
they didn't fit the turn signals that i ordered with them and also were to small for my fork tubes .
since it was chrome i assumed it was metal nope ! i would not buy it again , but it looks ok . ss
either they sent a wrong item , or this doesn't' fit to my car too small ! so i am returning this .
it doesn't even fit my ipad , it's too big and so it really was a waste of money . don't buy !
said this was good , i doubt it very much , it's slow and not much else is going on either
i dont know if there is a trick to this , but it just didn't work . i should have returned it .
bad don't work only static can be heard cannot watch tv because you wont listen to whats being said about
for the it was inexpensiveso it was too cheap to send back to the bandits
odorless !
could not navigate well at all or took too long and then soso examples . i would not recommend this app
good price . look good . but broke after days . need better chain
asian model . it overheats quickly . doesn't keep charge long . wouldn't purchase it again . have started carrying my original battery again .
the cover turned my hands pink red . i guess i shouldn't have been too expectant being that it was so inexpensive .
very disapointing ending after a long buildup . characterization is okay , but not brilliant . this book could have been much better .
these are beautifully done . but i have to now get an extra coating on it to survive our family meals .
the first bag we used pierced . nothing in it but regular kitchen trash . flimsy . would choose something else . not impressed .
the unit charged a couple of times that was it . i plugged into car don't work want my money back .
it needs to have an earphone hole and a camera hole , this sucks oh baby it is so bad bye
i wish the publisher hadn't insulted amanda quick by the comparison . this is awful , confusing and uninteresting .
this comes with a plastic bottle instead of glass as in other smaller volume options .
does not work , leaks
expensive and not well made . some ripped on the first usenot very easy to fill with itemsnot recommended
really hated this one . it was stupid and no one i knew was as dumb as me to try it
not slim enough
it was suppose to have subtitle , but it didn't . will never buy from this guy again .
material is cheap . picture is faded and took forever to get here . don't recommend .
doesn't work !
i needed it when i ordered it , and then the printer died . so now what do i do with it ?
as homer would say boring , marge change the channel . n o t even worthiness time to play the free version
two months after purchase the drive crashed and i lost everything on it . don't waste your money on this product .
i have a infiniti g coupe . the sound quality is not as good . the volume is lower then the factory .
put this on your phone and then drop the phone on the floor . see how much 'protection' you get . avoid .
zero ratingproduct not workingnot connect to my i pod genmaby send new ttemnot very satisfiedhans leisinger
i wish the women in kimberla's lastest books were stronger . if you like soap opera type books this for you .
the peeling came off and it was terrible i had no word to describe my disappointment with this case .
after two months it stopped working . my three year old grand daughter was very disappointed . definitely was not worth purchasing .
multiple features not functioning including important mixing features , button and slides . not really useable in the condition it was in
not a good first read . mr . bruno is depressing . i suggest dr . silver's book post polio syndrome , it is excellent !
it literally fell apart in my hands after a few strokes on the fabric . i would never recommend this product .
i really don't see any changes using this product . i think that the trays work better .
i don't like the feel of this bag . it was quite disappointing but i guess i am stuck with it .
so far this book is pretty boring . haven't finished it yet and maybe never will .
it was poor product . not worth itpoorly advertisedmisleading advertisementi wont purchase it againwill not recommend it
i still waiting my product i dont know what happend i need this product i pay for this pepduct and
flimsy construction . for use only in covered areas if you don't want the contents to get wet during wet weather .
i ordered these twice and only received one shipment
actual package of chocolate is nothing like what is pictured . this is a total rip off . save your money . very disappointed .
are all the rings supposed to come separated broken ? it doesn't show that in the instructions . i'm so confused !
reprinted as section of thwarted queen ! a real rip off ! very disappointed wish i could return it and others !
don't buy this book , just print it by yourself . i was very disappointed . white pages with iphones and nothing elese .
it does not seem to work . maybe there is something wrong with my kindle . i t was working fine though .
i thought it was a very very very good book it was a quick very easy read i enjoyed it .
lasted for very short period of time
the product is not as the image is
you cannot even plug the head set in your phone . seems different size .
just fc's after the first screen comes up and i click on play . i hope this can be fixed ! kyle
sorry , for me personally , just not my cup of tea . i couldn't get interested in the characters , or the storyline .
machine looks good . however , the actual suction of this vaccum is not what i expected . too little .
it wasn't clean and cant be cleaned .
don't waste your time downloading this ! pointless amp didn't learn anything new . will be removing from my device . pointless ! crap !
i put one of these in our kitchen and it didn't trap any of the fruit flies .
charged the ipod time , then broke . i'm just glad it didn't hurt the ipod .
kind of boring and never had a real plot very depressing . bad event after bad event . would not really recommend
this is virtually useless . it explained maybe knots . buy a book instead .
these are like something you'd find in the dime store . don't waste your money . not worth the cost of returning .
followed instructions , have zero to show for it . would not recommend you buy this , it did not work for me .
it wasn't the kind of reading that kept my interest . i sent it to archives when i was halfway through .
only loaded page then ended . tried several times without luck . fix or remove would be the suggestion from me
this was one of the most horrible movies i have ever seen ! it should be removed immediately if not sooner !
not a devise that is easy to use for the first timer . the tutorial could use some work . done done
i had used hcg drops before for weight loss . these do not curb appetite or have the effect . still hungry .
this set of speakers works but the amp has a very loud hum when it warms up
this case totally sucks , does not fit tightly to the phone . completely useless . don't waste your hard earned dollars !
i don't like stories about weak or too naive women .
it's noisy and it pulled my hair instead of cutting it . got rid of it and bought a different brand .
cats would not eat the chews . want to buy packs of vetri lysine plus bite sized chews one opened ?
if , by romantic you mean sluggish , you've made an apt description . simply put , klemperer , like edward elgar , doesn't export well .
it was not new i hate it it was all scratched up and i hate it i returned it there
the cover of the key board and isnt even blue and the case was false advertised . i am not satisfied
i got my product and was broken !
worst kit to buy ever ! it doesn't even come with directions ! my phones now permanently broke . piece of crap kit
it was not sealed . almost made me sick . in the end i paid for nothing because wasn't usefull at all .
distorted view .
not app
would not buy again . bland tasteother gluten free matzo much better . threw the package out not worth the cost
this product didn't work . not even a little . no problem returning it , though it cost me to do so .
auto club revolution is the same old tired driving simulator that everybodys put out . it's just boring even for free .
look nice and not much money but did not work for a long time just for a week or less
cheap and inexpensive . the product did not work when i received it . would not recommend to anyone . a risky buy .
sorry , this didn't work for me . it leaked after only a few days . i expected better performance for the price .
i donot have enough time to take it all . can you show me the time of exp in product details .
horrible deck profile and way to expensive . add it all up it barely tops .
beautiful color but cracked the first time i dropped it and couldn't be returned bc it was over days .
new balance is a good brand name , i expected it to fit . other brands eg stride rite wide is wide enough .
i purchased this based on the other reviews . i wish i hadn't . it's neither deep nor sexy .
out of i bought to test have died in less than months .
personally , i find it very difficult to understand how to manipulate it .
simply does not work . the motor is not powerful enough to rotates the drive gears .
it needs to be cheaper for kindle fire owners and come on levels ! its fun but not worth it .
did not perform as promised do not waste your time and money . surprised dupont makes such a terrible product . very disappointed
part missing could not get to without remoteno instructions for use or how to hook upreturned the item
this book was mean in spirit . it seemed to guess about her sex and private activity known only to them .
i thought i ordered the medium . i can't use these . they are way too big for any of my heels .
after using it for a while , there are racks on the plastic part . will not recommend it to any one .
only iu drop . tastes awful . source natural's product is iu oz , cost the same , and is delicious .
i was disappointed . i did not think i was getting travel size lotion , soap , etc . it was not what i expected !
had to take it off in the middle of sex . caused discomfort for me when she was on top .
stitching tore lose after only a week of wear . very disappointed in wear and tare of product . would not recommend .
did not work at all it's like spraying water into theair it is a waste of moneygnats just got stronger
it broken in two days . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . don't buy . made in china
these are really costume or undertaker's shoes . no attempt is made to manufacture them as a working pair of shoes .
i would have given these stars however they came damaged . but for the price , i feel they were fair .
i read the reviews and thought this may be the answer to my sleeplessness . once again i was disappointed .
too big for my space
what can i say , do not purchase this item because the only thing that you will get is a refunt .
nice shirt , but sizes run small . also , after two washes , the nd being with bleach , it turned a dingy white yellow .
the product is not made to be portable . the ipad is not safe or held secure . the keyboard is fine
the wig did not look like the picturethe cap was way smaller than mostlooked too fakevery disappointed
the white piece of the case broke in a week , i was disappointed because i really liked the pink case .
they are tiny and several had holes in them . disappointing overall .
not much of a happy ending for a child's story . i would not watch it again . x x x x
i can't get it to play it comes up like it is loading but never comes to the full game
i thought this was just okay . i'm glad i tried it . it was just not my thing . . . .
none it will not open ! it sucks !
item did not screw onto jack lalanne power juicer . the thread diameter is too big ! buyer beware ! do not buy !
what can i say other then it eat too many cpu cycles to be enjoyable on my android tablet systems .
by the second day of using the case all of the stones fell out . i do not recommend this product .
i wouldn't want to see this on my little ipod much less in high definition
this bible has very small text . i have a lot of trouble reading it and am unfortunately returning it soon .
i could understand why the heroine left . because of a threat from some crazy chick . really weak . boring , bland and incomprehensible .
could not get by the mundane dialogue and by into the story . i like all the actors in this movie !
poor quality , the bottom tore after month , i never had anything heavy in there .
it rusted the first time i used it . it may have been cheap but i wouldn't buy it again .
to me this story is baloney to begin with but if you believe in miracles you may enjoy it .
i had problems with connecting it to my phone and the speaker is not a very good quality . not impressed .
the nuts pictured for mound city pecans raw halves are of cashews , almonds and walnuts , not pecans
good
this is a great product , can't be found in stores anymore .
did not need
includes yoko ono . many dull 'rock star' interviews . almost nothing about songwriting .
these sheets do not fit !
i had this product maybe a week before it decided to stop charging my phone . i wouldn't but one again
they're hard and unpleasant to eat . i liked the idea . i usually like seeded bagels , but these are not good .
my son has ripped these off the furniture from day one at about months old .
this is so overpriced it's criminal . you can by this from young living for . . this person should be ashamed .
unable to download . how can i evaluate ? where did you put the software elements . stoplaying games with mefitopath gmail . com
it not what i thought it was . you have buy the other product in order to get the best results .
my daughter is a size why would a medium fit so small ? !
this is more plastic than rubberized . these types of cases are hard to remove from the phone without damaging them .
it didn't fit and it came weeks after i bought it . they need to step up there game . like , seriously .
the new batteries were no better than the ones they replaced . who do i contact to get help . thank yourichard davis
this book was an ok read but not my cup of tea and i like reading .
i got it completely damaged and broken . here the link of the picture of damaged butter after i got it .
nothing special i was expecting better material . i hate that rough look .
no crystal on dress . appears different than photo and not in a good way . will probably donate to salvation army
not by the original artist . not a good cover even . it was just bad . do not buy this version . ever .
i have not received the card
this product does not work at all ! i would say a rip off . not happy at all with this product .
there are no instructions on how to connect this card and i can not get it to work at all
the product was stated to fit my vw jetta , and it did not . it wouldve worked great had it fit .
this unit arrived quickly but did not do anything at all it did not charge or connect the player .
didn't work , dog didn't like it sprinkled on food . i had to put it in peanut butter . save your money .
one word . junk !
my daughter found that the shoes were to big and will need to return and get a half size smaller .
the product did not work as advertised . it was a waste of money . i would not recommend it to anyone .
stink
the product separated before i even got to use them , they are very thin , heavy weight bends them . cheap product
way too small i ordered the largest size available but still too small ! nice jacket wish it would of fit !
these used to be much thicker . now they are flimsy . i wish libman would go back to their former product .
ordered this for my daughter in atl for her birthday and it never showed up . had to make a claim .
although this product was advertized as a plus size , it was not . i sent it back . i was very disapointed .
i was expecting something with satisfying economical recipes . i really couldn't find any that i would have used .
camo rubbed off
do not buy this modem . constantly drops the wireless connection . read the other reviews about the connectivity problems .
i watched it for her redgrave long and drawn out waited to see if it would ever make sense . disappointed
nothing like what i though it would be , my son did not like it for christmas . bah hum bug . done
i thought there was way too much technical stuff and it interrupted the story line .
there's a shortage in the line doesn't charge all the way . bought it brand new and don't work right . thanks anyway
i take it back , it is a piece of crap and should not be bought or even considered
waste if money
my shiba inu destroyed this in two days . we had to throw it away . heavy chewers beware . light chewers are probably fine .
its not usb its not a computercan't work off linecan't download appsnot os friendly dollars more buy a windows
i don't recommend any one to buy , it's just wasting money and time . it looks made by very cheap quality .
at worst maybe you'd scratch an assailant while it was breaking . stick with metal only . this just isn't worth it .
this is not even ian somerhalder . fake . will be reporting .
i spent a little extra to get these with the orafice reducers and they didn't friken fit ! thanks for nothing .
it was ok for a beginners set but i just couldnt use most of them , the hair kept falling out
this is for plate . don't spend on plate . buy a set of for less ! ridiculously overpriced .
include spyware . lose customers . the app itself is nicely done but i don't want to share my personal information . bye .
only leds work i hate it year warranty my a
did not fit my unit , too much hassle to return .
i used it on a hockey stick and it didn't really work . can i return the other boxes ? tama smith
i did not order this set . what is going on ?
poor quality . total waste of money . umbrellas broke same day i got them . the seats are breaking . very small . disappointed
it's not worth your time and it is so random . i can't explain it exactly , but don't waste your money !
the app is far to laggy to use on the droid x . i hope they improve performance in future releases .
deserved to be tanked ! this is one of the stupidest movies i've seen . a total waste of time . hated it !
spoon is made in albania , and not in france as mentioned in the product description features handcrafted in france , using traditional methods
the hard part of the case is very pretty but the rubber part doesn't stay on my ipad air well .
waste of money . one of the buttons broke off right when i received it . don't buy this , it breaks easily .
look great , nice size , but they are easily bendable . once they bend , thats that . wouldnt recommend them at all
the head phones work nicely but need to be charged often . the case doesn't work .
the entire dvd was blank of the movie . yes the picture came so you can choose play but no movie !
do not buy it says made in usa , but it's actually made in china ! all toxic . i am returning mine .
i guess i was expecting more but basically if you use common sense you don't need to read this book .
very light material used . pressing the handle to the max still doesn't exert enough pressure . i am returning this item .
they came broken and tasted old . i think these were expired candies thatvshouldnt habe been sold i'd like a refund .
poor performance
happy , colors are great only thing is i didnt realize they was that small , size is a small issue but love it
fell apart
never used thhe waffle iron because it was apparently damaged cracked plastic housing during shipping . return was easy
hahahahaha ! this guitarist sucks . even if the songs stick in your heads , the band sucks . korn sucks . hahahahaha !
i would give this zero stars if possible . ads placed over game play . impossible to play for free . false advertising .
i hate it on kindle cud there is no mic and no cookies ! but it will be fun on iphone
put them in my scale friday and they were dead by monday
the above book is good only for ejb . and hardly talks about ejb . .
started to deteriorate in the arizona heat within a couple months .
bought this for my year old granddaughter . she loves it . her parents and i find it annoying and useless .
i was in the process of learning how to apply this and of course i made the biggest mess . okay
this is some really graphic reading . if you like ice berg slim and donald goines then youre sure to enjoy .
pages were not clear ! couldn't read itwas not happy with it . i feel it was a waste of money .
the item did not work and i found no way to return it . i would not suggest anyone buy these
replacement heads wear out far too quickly . seems i have to replace more often than should have to . overall dissatisfied .
i can't believe they would release a software that locks after three installs . that is simply unacceptable .
the red driver and yellow driver mad it and the the yellow car has sharp shark teeth on it to .
a really ugly looking mask , and also very uncomfortable to wear . i bought it and never used it . not recommended .
it gave me all the information and news that any fan would like to know and find out about yep
was not sturdy , had to alter to fit into small closet just to keep it standing ! would not recommend it
terrible jacket design , sloppy and not well made . feels like wearing a cement bag . do not recommend this product !
horrible and sucks case for an ipad . i dont recommande it for anyone and i wont but it again a
it leaked coffee grounds into the coffee . i returned it .
i don't think this app is user friendly and seems like a lot of work instead of a time saver .
did not work and i find it hard to describe further as it was a piece of junk . the end . amen
leaks on my shirt when i drink from it , even with the o ring i added . maybe mine is missing something ?
we are missing updates and a widget . app in the play strore seems updated all the time . what gives shazam ?
baby love it
these are very small weak cheap spoons . they are like the really junky ones you get with chinese food takeout .
was not the memphis bowls to was a bowl with a blue line ounce soup cereal bowls not happy
not much support at all
didn't work ! now stuck with two . to bad ! i don't recommend this to any one ! don't get it it doesn't work !
i am returning it today . i bought it a week ago . hardly works at all .
this item is of very poor quality . it is not vinyl at all ! would not recommend anyone to purchase it .
the color ink only prints color . the black worked for about pages then i keep getting printer errors .
too small . they wouldn't stay open . was suppose to be decoration , but because it was so small it didn't work .
i did not learn anything from this book , pretty much all common sense . it was a waste of my time .
liked the feel of the material but the leg was way to baggy for me .
i love the hat but was not aware it was a small and needed something else for my sized head .
the diagrams were not very clear and the steps were too convoluted and not well explained .
constains nickel shipped fast but will never buy another one like this made my belly button swell
these are way too big for my year old so we have not yet been able to use them .
len deighton's berlin game is very lame . it's the only book that i stopped reading . it is boring very boring ! best , john
let's get down to brass , no make that golden tacks this movie's unwatchable .
i would give more stars if it would let you earn more levels . i wont be paying for more levels .
this book contains no more information than you can find on the internet . there are very few exercises . very disappointing .
it comes apart very easily . the circles are too small . i would have been better off ordering the individual kind .
just was not for me , really reading for a woman , did not finish the book , wish i could be kind
yeah , a psychotic one ! horrible , deluded , filled with her usual lies . a complete waste of money .
the sound this whistle makes is very poor i can't imagine it being useful for any circumstance .
since it's called a picture book , i was expecting there to be pictures . unfortunately there are none it's just text .
this book was a disappointment . too many sci fi cliches and far too many typographic errors to be worth the read .
the first two i've used leak a lot . the first one broke into about pieces when i held it .
we ordered the charger shown , but was sent the wrong charger . therefore , unable to charge my daughter's and son's phone .
this turtleneck is nice . i wasn't sure what european fit was now i know . overall it is a nice turtleneck .
does not work right
i was really dissapointed with what i spent for this product , i really expected great results unfortunately i was dissapointed !
where do they get this stuff ?
was mailed a size instead of a . wrote an email like the invoice said to but no response .
the movie goes way to slow , but a must watch if you have never seen . d makes it look amazing
not a bad game , however if you're looking for a game similar to plants vs zombies , it's nothing like it .
i don't like the pillows at all . they don't hold their shape very well and are used for decoration only .
no suppliers make inch hole hook and loop sanding pads , which renders this pretty much usless . buyer beware
the sound quality was awful , i had to return it . it sounded like you were talking into a tin can .
this jump is as tall as a curb . it slides and doesn't work well .
i use this stuff about everyday , but have gone to gatorline . spend the extra money if you need something commercially .
first time setting up kindlefire and thought i was setting up the actual game . dont need help guide , but thanx . anyway .
ok
i wore it once and then it fell apart .
didn't work in my headphones . would not charge , would not power headphones . i'm now using aaa batteries . save your money !
got the pressure okay if sitting still . when moving it would only monitor two to three tires . sent it back .
i was disappointed when the scent did not last very long maybe daysin last the scent lasted longer than this
these are terrible , not soft and i will not be using them at any point . don't buy them ! bleh
barely adequate length to get to know the characters . more of an outline than a complete story . three more words
they don't dim ! they just flash on and off ! i do not recommend these led light bulbs to anyone . ugggh !
the product is great when it works , i bought two and both have stopped working with in approx . year .
renaissance man's review was spot on . they were filthy , stuck together , my year old aunt couldn't break them upapart .
it stopped working after a few months and i couldn't get it replaced .
there was no sparkle , they were dull and cloudy so i returned for a refund .
junk don t buy it
the powercord stopped working within a couple of weeks of purchase . i would not purchase this product again . product failed !
feels greasy on skin , does not feel clean after washing . also scent is too strong . threw away the whole bottle .
very thin cardboard , arrived bent and ripped would not recommend this . not worth the money the description was very deceiving
this device worked great until i began removing and replacing it . within about removals the entire thing fell apart .
need a little wider . thought e was a little wider than normal . haven't worn them . how do i exchang them .
cannot fit in the mac . can i return this product totally wasted money . there is even no brand in the product .
this just did not keep my interest . even though it was free it is not worth taking up the memory .
try again . right now useless app as it freezes the kindle fire requiring a reboot . do not download this app !
cheap looking casing and stopped working after week . i would not recommend this product even though it was cheap .
nothing to say but poor quality . i though it would have been not the best but bot the worse .
horrible ! i tried so many times to use it and it just did not stick . i threw it away .
this device is incompatible with windows . sony's lack of concern is disturbing . you can go here for more info .
these are great , but they are literally times the price as they are at babies r us ! . there
this book is jack london's sea wolf chinese edition . it's not mark twain's the gilded age . it's a wrong book .
looked pretty much the same as my old regular headlight . it's maybe to brighter , don't make any difference .
she went to quick ! you gotta have people climing over eachother to get your album ! sloppy !
hi , i have not yet received the best of mental as anything cd .
it is a santa game all you do is roll it is junk . don't get game not worth your money
heavy and don't cut sharp edges . need to be lighter , and not so bucky . also have cape an better cord
this book wasn't as well written as her others . i didn't like the plot , too much sports lingo and deceit .
it makes your eyes look like someone took an eraser covered in charcoal and threw them at your face . yeah .
i didn't like the way the game looked on my tablet and the way you had to move through it .
was disappointed . the brine was delicious in taste . however , pickles were brown in color and mushy . would not purchase again .
i didn't like this product at all . it's a challenage just to drink this stuff . it's like drinking spit .
the parts didn't for perfectly together and i used it for a month and then it broke .
do not order this item . i ordered a dinosaur and received a small egg instead . total false advertisement .
no hace compresion
good material , but too complicated for me . i have been only leaning to play uke for about months now
from the onset , the device works when it wants to . will turn on and off on its own . not reliable
i thought the whole story was too over the top and silly , ending proved why i felt that way really ?
i wouldn't recommend this to anyone !
this product was very difficult to apply without getting the spray everywhere . it also didn't even last hours , indoors .
this game is too simple and i cannot get it off my home page . it should be labeled kid's game .
neither the quality nor color are as as they appears in the picture . i am very disappointed by the purchase .
i cannot figure out how to put this in my ear . i don't have any instructions . can you help me ? dbrothers
came with some parts brokenhave already had to replace partsgetting hayward to send correct replacement part was a hassle .
this clock did not work at all . clock in good shape but hands never moved . would not recommend to anyone
i try it few months , i think this is not the best anti virus , the price is ok for computers
this headset from clarion is not very resistant it only took month to break the device on the boat
this would have been a nice product but upon arrival the unit would not charge , maybe just a fluke .
too smalll
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no , says phd in chemical engineering
too hard to install
inadequate sewing ! material caught in seam on sleeve . other than that the colors pattern were perfect thank you .
it broke very easily , worked alright but it broke very easily when a passenger sat on it . decent clearity however
the clip broke within days of delivery from normal everyday use . i had high expectations and was sorely disappointed .
both black cart . were empty and the color i did not open , so i returned all cart . sent to me
this clip holster does not fit the htc phone it is supposed to work on as advertized . so sorry charlie
not sure it's really for inch mac pro
the wig was tooooo small and was labled for men , ii did not know this item could be for men
compressing all the episodes into one showing would make for a good sci fi flick . repetition is a killer for the dome .
i liked this product very much , but i ordered two of them and they were both broken when they arrived .
this made my face break out like crazy . i literally never had acne till this , i now have acne scars .
not what i expected . material naaa
i have purchased several karaoke songs , but this was the least usable of all . it didn't sound recognizable at all !
boring . pretty boring . thought it was a movie . didn't realize it was a documentary . my fault i didn't read the lable
i was disappointed here and board . would not recommend . not much else to say about it . blahh . blah , blah . blah .
the flashlight itself worked however , the glass lens was broken . the shipper didn't secure package well enough to prevent breaking .
used them twice . now they both nede repairs . stiching came out bracing broken and plastic peaces broken on both popups .
the sound was almost non existent and does not work when you have a case on . this was very worthless
half the games don't work . i've only been able to bring up games and then sometimes they don't work right .
don' think it's the real stuff , it's to light , lighter than the stuff i buy at the store . don't buy
if you have a big dog like ours i'd just say no .
too thin to write with so it doesnt make sence to have a pen on the other end
i am sure it was clear in the fine print . i just do not watch movies like that .
have not revive it it's being a month how long more before i get it please sent it soon thanks
not the one i expected . my old one had pieces to it . this one the phone just sits in .
no instructions . not sure how i am supposed to even use this case . sean
i would like to return this item because it does not do the job . it will not charge my ipad .
these gave me terrible upset stomach .
not a good book . do not recommend this book . all the words are huge ! not for kids . adult book . thwnks
these tees are fine until you hit a ball off them . they break on every shot . don't waste your money .
bubbles and difficult to place on the screen
i would rather leave a movie theater and vomit all over my boss and punch my brother one hundred times .
kinda boring , just a lot of talking , interesting but very plain movie . not what i expected from a disney movie .
i need to return this item . i opened the box and a connecting piece is missing . what a let down .
not nearly as funny as the first four seasons . must be different writers
you want to skink like hair product and still have greasy hair ? buy this and you will get just that .
product was defective and did not work ad said it was tested to work false addvertising
product to small , low quality material , had to cut in order to put over seat , very disappointed . wasted . plus
these are quite flimsy and although they did arrive fast i wouldn't buy them again .
the slingshot is too small for my hands . the surgical tubing has snapped off of the metal frame several times .
not up to usual standards . did not meet my expectations . easy read but not enough suspense . okay but not great .
unfortunately didn't have any significant improvements . the clay dries up to quickly even when the lid is sealed on tight .
it wasn't comfortable or easy to sleep with . . . . . . . . . . . .
tight inthe upper arm portion of the jacket and not warm enough
i broke it as soon as i got it but i wish it was green ya i liked it tho
does not meet expectations raised by commercials , as a matter of fact the commercials are the best scenes
while well written and seemingly sound , the conclusions are not realistic . the jewish people are not invented by any standard .
let me play a few games , then forced me to pay to play more . not worth it . felt deceived . uninstalled .
the seam came apart as soon as the ipad was inserted the first time . this was not good . peace out .
all magnets were either scratched or broken . buy at your own risk . was shipped in a plastic bag . i was appalled .
it is cheaply made and it smells a lot . i wouldn't recommend it .
phone fits awkwardly in the case . would be better with no plastic window which is thicker than i would like .
got it the first day then flat on junk shit waste my time and money to send back the junk
did not work . returned them for a differant brand .
don't get it ! thats all i can say ! huge waist of money ! and it took days to get here .
does not effectively address the claims he says it does , and presents a strawman of his opponents to easily knockdown .
wish the instructions had been better for the cable camera to computer hookup . otherwise good value .
put it on my trail and tryed to crank it up and it striped !
item should be labeled 'miniature' ! truly and totally unhappy with this product and would love to return it , like yesterday !
very weak magnet . won't hold alot of paper . would not recommend for anything more than pieces of heavy stock .
didn't even have the case for a week the front clips on the inside broke off . would not recommend .
way too expensive for a paperback kids book , and the story isn't even very good .
poor quality , my printer is now full of ink throughout and inoperable . dont know what i am going to do .
not good
the flag wasn't as thick as what we thought . i would not recommend this paticular flag , it is too thin .
sorry vern this is bbbaaadddd ! i'm a fan but come on jim you have to admit this dvd is crap !
sux yes it is kind of funny but it sux monkey balls don't waist room on ur devise to it
false advertising
hated it was big bulky and it caused drooling all over the place . it was too big for my mouth .
its got a wolf on it . more words to tell you whats wrong with the product . three two one
if you are an fan of cheesy latino crime movies this is a winner . soooo baaad it is good .
very disappointed . the first was better . just shaking the camera , dark scenes doesn't make it art . and i bought it .
not enough comes with it , you have to buy everything separately and the stuff ain't cheap . don't waste your money .
the cross with the prayer feel of and the chain broke i was so hurt because this was a gift
do not buy used screens , the back light bulbs lose brightness in time and only those are available as used .
after having these only a few weeks , the sound has stopped coming through on one side they are stereo no more .
i can not remember ordering but i probably did seeing its a jerry jenkins book it is probably worth it
glad somebody knocked these clowns out the music biz .
i could hardly read the document . it does not look like the orginal paper and if it had been bigger .
poor poor quality mirror like looking into a wavering pool of water with a light covering of green algaesend replacement
i really did not like this app . no sound at all when it went off . i would not recommend this app .
not up to her standards . for me , every book has been a little bit of a step back . oh well .
i bought these earrings from aliexpress at , don't waste your money . they look great but not deserve
the keyboard worked ok the first four months . now it is impossible turn it on , charge it or do anything .
previously i ordered the coconut health warrior chia bars and really enjoyed them . these just don't taste very good unfortunately .
already not working . would not suggest
very boring
it worked good for weeks , then i loose all my info . now i a can't use it any more .
game doesn't start with a new board . all of the properties are purchased already . what is the point of that ?
even though the guide said that it fit my nissan , it didn't . the spark plug rings were too big .
the controller faceplate says saint instead of saints . very irritating especially when it was a gift .
the white discolors within a couple days . durable case but the material picks up other colors . don't waste your money
i bought two . the lights smoked and burned out , not sure if safe so did not use them
this movie sucked , stupid , sophomoric , crap . what a waste of time . couldn't bare to watch , turned off half way through !
i think it's silly and bothersome to have to review a book after reading it here . i'm not a critic .
it appears it may be a good movie , however i wouldn't know because there are no subtitles , that sucks !
the wall art is pretty . but it's very small and my daughter was disappointed and ended up giving it away !
my printer doesn't recognize the ink cartridge and returns an error . can't print anything . money down the drain . don't buy this product !
you need to use the kinet to play this game and is super confusing . try other titles , not this one .
i thought the book would have been interesting , but the author was incredibly self centered . it made the book very frustrating .
few forts included . if you want substantial information look somewhere else .
ever come across the phrase just how bad can it get ? well folks , this is the it . william flanigan , phd .
don't like the ear cuffs they don't stay on , will not buy anymore . don't buy . the clip breaks . never never
tried several times to get the download to work . . . bad link or something .
it was not fun and had bad graphics . the game did not make any sense to me . don't get it .
fortunately my tiny model of a daughter could fit in this comically small bra , and very blue it was however good looking
i'll never know if it would have worked or not . no instructions . cheesie all in all . xxxx xxx xx xx
this is too small when i soak off my gel nail . i will buy m and l too next time .
the picture dose not show how they look they are much smaller i was disappointed in the size of them
product received were priced . and i paid much more !
days after installing it nd largest rose fell off , after one week stopped working what a rip off
don't bother buying it doesn't work i costs to much to return
it looks fits , but too big to me . but cheap price and fast shippmenti want to one more smaller .
dvd piece of crap . used three different dvd players and still haven't been able to see the complete film yet .
bought for bissell part number these belts were for and within two weeks four uses the first belt broke .
just do not buy it . it is not in good quality and it is wasting of money . .
haven't received product yet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
my daughter loves the swing , but is stuck in one position . this only comes in recline position .
even if this machine is free i don't use itthis is garbage machinethe machine damaged my power panel .
would like to see more to interest me into buying . i know they are probably worried about giving out product .
found nothing of value between the covers . his other book ultrametabolism does have some good information .
button covers make it hard to use and it is very clunky . i am very disappointed in this product . dislike
hard to read on upper lense , very uncomfortalbe . it is not a good buy . i use it only one time .
don't buy this . you are better off buying exactly what you want . we will definitely try to return this . very disappointed .
burns everything . it doesn't matter what setting it's on . it's literally a fire hazard . i wish i had never bought it .
i've grown up on these ideas to keep my family busy at the holidays . no big surprises . nothing different . sorry , .
this stylus has about the same feel in the hand as cheap , throwaway pens too thin and too short .
the torch is ok , while the red light is already damaged before arrival ! so you buy two and get one !
one of the four packages was sliced open across top of bag in jagged laceration . i would not order again .
i ordered a youth medium but the pants were so large they fell off my child . i was very disappointed !
these pants wouldn't be bad if i knew that there would be glitter everywhere , but i was expecting plain jeans .
superficial , self aggrandizing and sophmoric . and , the mountain gorilla is obviously a taxidermy mount . a poor effort by a wannabe adventurer .
it would be nice if it shows suggestion of the age group for this book .
the length is very useful but after weeks it no longer charges my iphone or my ipad mini .
if some of the assertions in this book were expanded to the heterosexual community , marriage would be banned for all .
to heavy and the pedals bumpity bump bump . if you buy it , don't move . it's a pain in the hiney .
shriveled , not packed in pickling juice makes for a bad , bad taste . nyc people would bypass these in a heartbeat .
installed at my motorcycle can't be seen at daylight when you hit the brake . removed and reinstalled old filament bulb .
this product was a manufacturer defect . i had to asked for a refund . i hope i get my money back .
hard to take apart . its just ok . very pretty and vibrant colors . its just alright i guess . thank you ok
i returned it after it shorted out during the first week . i guess it got re refurbished .
very small amounts of useful information for someone who has more than a basic understanding of football . i expected more .
didn't fix my phone at all . don't like it . can't return it because its from china . don't use them
pad is too soft , so doesn't hold in place . have to use a regular pad from other brand on bottom .
reminded me why i don't read much fiction
save your money for the nars illuminating pressed powder !
was comfortable for a few months and then soles seperated and they became very uncomfortable . would not buy another pair .
my phone always falls from the case and the stand doesnt stand so . i would not recommand it to anyone
image shows nutramigen lipil , but the product is enfamil lipil . these are two different products . i had to return the order .
doomsdaya documentry abount the end of the calendar of the myan indian who are now extinct
this product didn't work well for my curly hair it left my hair feeling coated .
too heavy . too expensive . too hard to open . too bad there are so few options available for the kindle hex . .
worst movie i have ever seen . dvd looks like a bad copy of a vhs tape
just got it this week . it just looks bad . it looks better on the picture . very big , just looks awful .
the vhs spellcaster was defective . i returned it , . i am still waiting for my refund .
was to hard
it stopped working within the first hour of use . not real helpful when it wasn't available . i was very disappointed
so , so bad .
did not measure up to the picture . would not recommend . looked more like the circle off of a writing pen .
i guess i am used to windows . this program was very confusing for me . so i really never used it .
this buzz lightyear figurine was so much smaller and less interactive than i was expecting for the money . very disappointed .
started off with an amazing plot but then became hard to follow and i still do not understand the ending
i hate this product i could not get the bubbles out and if you try you scratch the screen bad
i thought i was buying a pc comforter set not a duvet cover . this was not what i was expecting !
this was a cheap copy . not widescreen . the picture was terrible quality . let the buyer beware . don't buy this junk !
this charger would never stay plugged together and the electrical connectors inside broke after just weeks .
do not buy it , i bouth , one the switch it not work , another only record audio only .
i happen to hate all jerry lewis films . he was never funny except in a slapstick sort of way .
bought , of them died in days of installation . return policy is only days on this item .
freezes up on my phone . other versions of similar games , free games are better . do not bother with the download .
not for year olds . too much to read . this review was dictated to me by my year old son .
dont recommend . looks cheaply made . going to send mine back and get a refund . hope you find this useful thank .
bad design leaves a large unwiped blotch in the center of the blade . i will not buy this brand again .
one room movie conversation between two men
there is no close caption in the dvd . if you have hearing problems you will be unlucky .
none of her reasons are significant . she was a victim the whole story but she could have changed every situation .
after you play it a few times and get through the levels there is nothing to hold your interest anymore .
these shoes run way too small . and there was way too much toe cleavage . i had to send them back .
warning this is not natural peanut butter . there is added sugar , which is horrible for anybody following a sensible diet !
the mask is very rubbery so a person will sweat awfully insideon a positive note should fit head very snuggly
the rubber fits fine , but the flimsy 'hard' pastic is too small and rounded around the top corners . expensive garbage .
chopy story line . bad acting and really bad acting . not wortn your money .
they will fall right out ! buy factory bmw parts , these are completely the wrong size for older m series rims !
disappointed when i received . these earrings are too big . i gave them away . will continue looking for the right pair .
there are frequently cases of misspelled words or the wrong word used . these appear through out the series . the authet
no wires , no usb cords , found it cheaper in store . . . sorry
unauthorized purchade
the shirt colors do not look like they do in the pic . image cracked after first wash . do not buy
far too small probably more like a . was looking for a larger size , not as advertized , was very disappointed
very produced studio sound . not much effort or thought went into this album . skip it .
i needed a series a filter which doesn't state which series it is on the website . have to return it .
i won't order kaplan anymore . there are others that are better . this just didn't work for me at all . sorry
not for gy scooter carb it is sort but i made it work and its holding up . go ebay
muy caro para lo que ofrece , ademas es muy poca informaci oacute n . no es un buen librono lo recomiendo
do not buy this cheap i put it in the trash not even worth the time to send it back
sorry but have to say this really draggedon that i had to skip over quite a bit of it .
way too big and they are not of high quality at all . do not purchase them . not a happy customer .
my tanlet did not fit into the case well . but the case is okay for maybe another typen of tablet
it is pretty slippery on the inside and therefore wherever i tried to smash stuff it just spit them out
this item came with a broken zipper . i purchased it for a christmas gift . poor quality item . do not recommend .
will never buy this again ! do not waste your money or time purchasing this piece of work ! truly a disappointment !
this was a photo copy of the original text . i thought you could go to jail for doing this .
the first two books to the series are great , but this last one was rather boring .
if you want to spend lots of money or be aggravated to your wits end then this is for you .
too heavy , i could use it to hit someone . does not roll on the it band correctly . returned .
it was made inches by them putting a little wire to tie to pieces together . i returned the necklace
poor quality
i was very disapointed with the cd . it would have been nice if i could have previewed the music first .
packaging says , fits all black and decker electric trimmers . does not fit volt trimmer by b d that i have .
there is absolutely no fragrance whatsoever to this oil . very , very disappointed . just threw it away ! would not order again .
this was a nice big stem ! it was a big cutting , and it was packed very well . thanks ! will order again !
poor quality frangrace dull old not lasting or lingering as i am accustomed to for yrs . like a copy version .
worst show possible for the youth of the country . it teaches kids all the wrong things they can do . crap .
i thought i got a pink one
this candle smelled great but burn time wasnt accurate . would have been worth the price if it burned more hours .
terrible quality
glass moon , great performance . digitally remastered from original masters , awful performance . saddly , don't buy this cd .
this timer was broken the first time i allowed my year old to set the timer . save your money .
it's an old cartridge game of course it will work and give you satisfaction , old school style .
i did not like this one , too hard for anyone to play and once your stuck no hints to help out .
no matter how much i rubbed i could never get this stuff to adhere so i ended up tossing it .
was the wrong cables they don't do replacements ! i had to pay to send them back ! very unsatisfied !
does not fit true to size tore up easily . i suggest noone buys this product . waste of time and money !
could have been an excellent read except it was so unbelievably short . would have loved if the story was longer !
it only lasted a month before falling apart . look elsewhere for opal jewelry . very disappointed and not worth the money .
it's a good story but way too clinical and filled with scientific jargon to be compelling . not particularly spiritual either .
amateur writing . drawn out story that is too wordy with no real substance . kids lost interest about half way through .
i tried and tried to get this protector on without the bubbles . nothing worked . it is a waste of your money .
started out great very organized but , then stopped working in about months . the rechargeable batteries lasted only six months .
if your phone is . or higher do not download a task killer . created an account just to say this .
poquito est uacute pido ! mas o menos . , basura y mas basura , nada , muy est uacute pido , todas basura , y grandioso horrible ! . nada , grandioso wakala !
i just received it today and it is a failure . the buttons does not work . i am returning it .
same old same old garbage
the charger is ok . the cable stopped working after only weeks of use , it does not charge anymore . frustrating !
way too historical and clinical . i thought it was written by john bradshaw , from healing the shame that binds you .
the color runs . i have several light pink blotches on the cover and the pillow cases after the first wash .
the game would shut down and i would have to reboot . kept trying but the say thing happen . put game away .
for all the good this product does , i may as well have thrown . out of my car window .
these are a box at any normal office supply store . do the math that's for boxes .
you might as well use your fingers this was not worth it save yourself the money and buy something else .
didn't fit good
i found this fan home depot for dollars less , and saved a bundle by not ordering on amazon !
scratched and broke within a month .
only useful for charging . easily broken

cheesy , go to dollar store instead . same quality . silver smooth sections are not smooth ar shiny , bumpy and not attractive
no doubt it sucked
worked perfect until the battery died , now cant figure out how to replace it , also battery didnt last very long
worked maybe days . tried to adjust garbage
too long for what i wanted it for .
something of a disappointment after a few francome and pitman mcnally books . too predictable and lacking substance in plot and characters .
so u kill some one so every one knw have to suffer dumbest books ever give me a dollar back
due to the specific path on which i'm treading my practice of painting , the book didn't help me much , sorry .
the poems were great but the pictures are rather distractingand have nothing to do with love what so ever
the charger didn't work the battery doesn't charge . and can't use it .
there were no tips with the decorator and the slide moves with difficulty . i would not recommend this to others .
bought this battery and always never charged up to a . disappointed in the product . waste of time and money .
didn't work , got reimbursed .
the product didn't work . i now have to go miles to return it
thought it was childish . not what i expected . glad it was free and i didn't pay any moneyt for it !
the book wasn't terrible but wasn't very good either . it wasted an hour and a half on a cloudy sunday .
this remote lasted less than a month , was a gift for the holidays , the holidays lasted longer than the remote
i haven't played the game , but it sells for . retail . look elsewhere to buy it .
a little ridiculous but funny book . an easy read with a lot of text language but i did enjoy it .
i just returned one of these to harbor frieght tools , the handle bent on the second grommet . this is junk
i opened the package up , put it on my ipad and it broke . don't waste your money ! not worth it .
the book was not written well and ended horribly . i'll never read another book from gillian flynn , two thumbs down .
not for military use . will rip easy .
screen shattered within a few days of use with very little impact
through the bottom of the screen , i can see lights , it is annoying . bad one is delivered !
case does not have zippers , it only has one . if it has zippers , please show me the locations .
only hand wash and it still tarnishes . waste of money , should have read the previous reviews further on this product .
this broke the first day . the elastic part came off . i could repair it but it looks funny now . bummer
everything was perfect , except for the quality of the product . the kickstand broke on the second day . highly disappointed !
did not work with what the reading said about being easy to care for .
game is really hard to use and operate on the wii especially for my year old , even adults too .
the white cover got dirty too quick it lasted me two days and too expensive for how long it lasted !
this item is not worth the purchase , made of cheap plastic , letters are stuck on keys not on very well .
i couldn't hear very well with the stethoscope , had use another one in college to pass my blood pressure exam .
was un useable because they were too large for baby . they where for adults . site did not display well at all .
the pad is suspended in such a way that it wants to tip over backwards when opened beyond degrees .
this would be a great shirt . provided the flag was not upside down ! it's quite embarrassing , to say the least .
repetative and out of date . i got the whole message in the first of several prologes . i did not finish it .
thank goodness this was available through my local digital library . i would have been a total waste of money otherwise .
the on off switch failed after three days . the rubber insert does not function as it is not well designed .
cube size much smaller than anticipated .
do not waste your time this is not even a book . not even a short story and not even well written .
i thought this would be a treat for my granddaughter . but none of the scratch and sniffs worked . what a disappointment .
junk
the book is boring , repetitive , and predictable . maybe a decent beach read , but nothing to discuss at a book club .
i didn't like the taste at all . i barely got through the box and won't be ordering again .
this one will not load on my kindle fire hd . have tried many times over several days . not sure why .
i am addicted to sugar and also allergic to it . this book didn't help and was a waist of money
i started reading this book but haven't finished , it is not that interesting . i am sorry i bothered . thanks anyway .
i didn't know it was adjustable . was cheap looking . the quality was not what i was expecting from the picture .
boring , boring , boring . it started out going nowhere and made no progress . very dated and not worth spending time on .
i don't know what this is
okay klondike game , but once you are done or get stuck , there isn't any way to quit . needs some more work .
my iphone simply fall ! i tried again and again with the same result . always fall ! just threw at the garbage !
do not work for whiteflies .
very poor design inteface . coudn't find any challenge to wake up . the user experience on this app is just horrible .
too expensive and not effective on my oily , blemished face . recommended by my dermatologist , and it was a disappointing experience .
they came with pool quality . the package was damaged and looks like so cheap and coming from very old inventory .
very hard read . not a good page turner , it usually takes me less than three days to read a book .
you collect the purchse price of this cd but never sent it to me . we are still waiting . thank you carl polgar
these shoes look great , but unfortunately do not fit like an wide shoe would normally fit . quite the disappointment !
too much dialoge not enough action . it would have been better if they did slittle more in the movie . sorry about that
although the album itself is great , the packaging and extras are not worth purchasing this again . worthless .
i got these in black and they fit perfect but the brown too small so was disappointed . had to return .
it cracked two days later , i guess you get what you pay for . . . . . . . .
don't bother buying from here , this is way overpriced . lego . com has the same set for . . don't get ripped off !
to expensive for so low quality plus require batteries to work sound quality bellow standards very disappointed for professional dj
this has not worked out as i wanted . does provide dual system doesn't seem to provide accessible storage in nook .
bought this for my kids . only caterpillars were provided , all of them died
very salty . can't taste cinnamon or sugar . don't waste your money . better off buying pork rinds at the store . very disappointed .
not good bad deal not just
of them were scratched ! do not they have any quality control ? i was very disappointed . best raffael
i would be embarrased to have my name on a book with so many grammaticall spelling errors . its called spell check .
one of the headphones broke the same day i opened them and plus the sound quality is pretty poor too .
did not buy this item , do not know why it is in my review list
hp laserjet l lpt and officejet k usb not supported . money and more importantly time wasted !
good film when i saw it years ago . the quality presented here is unwatchable . small picture and poor colour and sound .
not so good for very fine hair .
my dog just keep barking not what i was looking for not strong and i have a medium size dog
this would only get recommended by those who just don't understand disneyland history . not my cuppa tea . avoid this one .
this book is too much like the wheatbelly book nothing much more to say about itwould not recommend it
ve it away .
there is nothing to learn from this movie . there is nothing to learn from this movie . there is nothing to learn
too much visible velcro on the strap , too less overlapping strap material to cover the velcro . otherwise very nice watch .
very pricey for the quality of the gift . i doubt that it will hold up for any length of time .
as of this date i have not received this item . please check into this matter . dorothy n . gainous
the pair i received is not the plaid pair i ordered , they are instead an ugly solid color mustard brown yellow .
while i like playing the game , it kept freezing . i had to exit the game and sometimes that woulds help .
harlan coben should go back to his myron and mickey bolitar novels . this was not his best by any means .
power button shuts down with this product
i got cod instead of mw was a big waste of money and my time . big waste off money
first dance type workout video for me and i really do not process the skills to keep up with him .
yuk . doesn't work the work shoes for hubby still stink horribly and this makes no difference what so ever
worst ever . it says no finger prints or smudges . this if not true . worst protecter i've ever had . always looks dirty .
i was not able to put much weight on these they are not very sturdy .
i could get this to load on my kindle said i had not connection even though i did have connection .
car charger works fine . stereo headphones are cheap and do not work . those have been sent back for replacement
these pants are nothing more than long , baggy shorts , perfect for the sagging look and a drive by .
this is a good idea but it broke pretty quickly , i would not recommend it . had many problems with it .
it was quite disturbing and i could not finish it . i did not want to hear all the sadness . depressing .
the pan i received had a hole in it . it was also covered in black gunk , not preseasoned . very disappointing .
book actually has very limited t sql . mostly triggers , usp , functions , but little actual code .
the cord was torn away from the head that plugs into the devise . we are not happy with this product .
sorry don't remember this one at all . so have no ray of rating it . can't tell you anything about it .
this doesn't fully charge your device , it isn't what i expected it to be . does not work how it should
save your money . this item is not worth dead flys . i guess jvc is a name of the past .
it's is caky and thick and didn't really do much for me . i only used it twice won't recommend .
isbn version of threat vector goes from page to page , excluding all pages in between . ruins the story .
kind of gets boring after a while
the print is so small and dialog is hard to follow . i wish i had gotten it in hard cover .
tried charging a note and s , wouldn't charge either one . tried different cables and different cars too . very disappointed
this show is in japanese i wish they would say that before people buy it
keeps cutting out tried different machines
too small to busy to send back at this time . will be more careful next time . before ordering again .
nice concept but i never could get the thing to fit comfortably . it didn't really help either . not worth it .
it arrived in poor condition . cover and pages were bent and looked like it had been read by many others .
quick read . can be long in scene description . teen level read with graphic language , suggested for high school not junior high
while this product had everything that is shown in the picture , i didn't care for the quality of the accessories .
it was too small and did not look at all like the picture . the fabric was more like a burlap .
this is so small and tight and it is awful . do not purchase this product you will be disappointed .
stopped charging my phone
hate this screen protector ! is a waste of money . i used all of them in one week . really bad .
solor panel has a short blue wire which has pull out . can you send a replacement solor panelthank youtom stokes
new and in packaging . i placed my first phone call and they went out . stopped working all together . lightweight and junk .
still finding lots of ants so don't know how many i would have without this . so far not too happy .
these pants split the first time that i wore them . they are terrible quality obviously . i will not purchase again .
cheap chinese junk , broke when attempting to set it first time , don't waste your money on this , buy an older well made timepiece .
it did not work . at all . the return was a little tricky , but finally it was returned for free . thank you
i can't wash the smell off my hands . lemongrass is the worst . it smells like lead pencils baked in bad basil .
the rungs are a little far apart for little legs , they get scratched on them while sliding in and out .
the worst adiuo and bad story line . what'a waste of my hard worth cash !
i have no idea how to use it and there are no in app instructions that are easy to find .
do not buy ! fell apart once plugged in . worst quality i have ever seen ! the ends fell of the wire .
lots of reading for a kids game , my year old is a great reader but needed lots of help
yes , there is action . yes , there is decent acting . but ultimately , it becomes another preachy , and bogged down film .
these bibs are not worth the money . they ripped along the neck after only washings . do no buy them .
the cover did not fit my phone and it was very flimsy not worthpostage to sending . back . would not recommend
this case did not fit my blackberry curve . it doesn't snap closed at the top
i did not receive system when i ordered it . they sent me . not happy .
they work ok , but they don't grip the door very tight so they slide down .
the box of candy i received had an expiration date of jan . , and the candy was not fresh .
just throw it out .
the edges near cuticles come up the same day .
it was ok . i am glad that it was a free book .
piece of didn't even last a year ! buy several cheap ones , they are going to fall apart either way .
please dont buy this item . charger wont work . waste of money . dont let the look cheat u guys . ! please dont buy
don't buy this app it just an eye spy you should get slenderman chapter alone it's actually slender !
the fragrance wasn't that strong and the container was so small not worth the money . i wouldn't reorder this product .
this prduct never came i didn't get any notification until weeks after the estimated delivery date
unfortunately , it has a bitter taste . not chocolaty . not bad if combined with other foods bananas and whipped cream .
not worth the money i paid .
well , had this for little over a year and it's already broken . won't boil water any more . piece of junk !
not everything about the product was disclosed . the control remote of the altec lansing inmotion im does not work .
no story . nothing to read . waste not even worth bashing in a bad review . minimum word count reached here .
no good to thick , make you eye uncomfortable . is hard to see the screen . no good quality to shine . and don't have back protact .
the book i got literally looks like a photocopy of the real book . just wow , the figures are unreadable .
this item does not work with the iphone . dont fall into the trap and buy a junk . good luck
never updated . i read all of them . waited months for new ones to b loaded . never happened . deleted
c'mon man , there was only one marvin gaye . be like outkast and be original . imitating marvin's style aint workin' .
these are needed for what they are designed for . i didn't return them although there isn't much difference . somewhat small .
didn't fit as i expected . disappointing product .
these are not very good brushes they're poor imitations of a brush i bought years ago . save you money .
poor quality . coming apart .
cheap for a reason . color is more like spicy mustard than gold and for real gamers the remote buttons are flimsy .
all songs is re recorded and mixed i . this is not originalrecording . this is for me . like some band play eloy's song's . i feel bitternes .
this has too much noise to hear properly from it , could not use it , would not recommend . to someone else
these head phones are not very comfortable , they don't block out any sound and they don't stay in very well .
it made a noise then after about a week it really made a noise and then the picture was terrible .
please release something better than this on dvd . anything !
i received different packaging for this item . same company but they don't work as wellhot hands definitely work better and longer .
could not hold up to a month child .
i should have taken the advice posted here . after eight months of use , the bulbs flickered , then went dead .
returned item
dont buy tbis game . its not what you think it is . did not like it at all . waste of time n money .
i bought one , it didn't work . replaced it , and second one still didn't work . not worth your time , steer clear .
suggest you read those reviews before you buyao safety worktunes am fm hearing protector with digital tuning and mp input
swivel seems to be made homemade so i decided not to use the swivel that came with the chain assembly .
i could not get the wrist band to open and thus it was not usable as a medical alert band .
hids work and turn on with no problem . but i bought the k and it looks more like k
a waste of my hard earned money for this piece of junk . i will not reorder this item ever . bye
jacket was not warm had missing tooth in zipper very overrated in review . not fire resistant . very disapppointed in product
it broke three days latter but it did what it said it would do for those three days . so eh .
cany uninstall quick enough , this is a pile of ! ! . just a waste of time and space ,
this item unfortunately did not fit on my hyundai veracruz rear wiper arm which is still the factory original .
you will need to buy two combos to get the full set . it only comes with one of each earring .
this was really low budget , even the casing looked like a knock off . not happy with it at all . fake !
hello , i received the package but i m afraid the box was empty and the cufflinks were not in the box .
bubbles formed under screen , not worth my time returning . just wrote it off as a bad purchase . save your money
interesting book , however the numerous typos in the kindle edition made it difficult to even comprehend many sentences . difficult read .
this headset didn't work properly . my callers could hear me , but i was unable to hear them with this headset .
doesnt fit . sucksdont like it at all . not efficient . i dont like it at all . dont buy . no no
doesn't work or possibly defective . when i plug in my iphone it says charging is not supported with this accessory
i liked this cover until it tore on the sides . it's not very durable .
total waste of money , doesn't work at all . if you want a good dvd copy software , try clone dvd slysoft !
horrible don't buy . to much flex and noticeable when hitting
the story wa excellent but the book was printed on very low quality paper and the ink was faded . i
broken on arrival , very fragile , not suitable for eating only for decoration .
i had to modify cut out a portion of the input plug to the shaver . it works but had to modify it .
i did not see any improvements using this , but it smelled nice . i used black soap and it works wonders .
the water is not heated in this . u put hot water in and it gets cold . i tossed this .
not the best . a bit funny , but not worth the time spend . it too my two days to watch it .
really hope amazon take this off and refunds me or this will absolutely be the last time i use amazon
the writing style was rough and not very coherent . i lost interest in the story rather quickly because of this .
it's a cute design but doesn't quite work the way it's supposed to , the initial does not fall in place
does not securely hold my garmin and garmin falls out when it is needed most . wish they had better product
the usb cord attachet is not the right size for this tablet , or i dont know how to use it
while the price was good , the taste of the bears was only moderately appealing . i still prefer the haribo brand .
difficult to use settings pressing buttons . would not buy this particular model again . there surely is simpler models on market
i would revise my review if they fixed the music . the alarm will only do pre set noises , not music .
lisa lampanelli is not funny . there's really nothing else to know . just not funny
even thought the ad said it was the right one for my computer when it arived it did not fit
got the cheap motorcycles and the ugly flags . but where are the trees ? i can't believe i paid . for this !
wire is very thin and fragile . at times , the connection doesn't seem to work and i have to force it
bad product , sold me one thing that does not work all repaired estaa
its not clear at alland when there's noise like when youre on a highway the other person cant hear you
bootleg naked palette ! so disappointed . i absolutely want to throw this thing up against a wall and stomp on it .
its not complete . lots of maintenance parts replacement omitted , one example is the coolant flange . only contains very basic things .
this is mostly a rehash of things which are explained better elsewhere . all really pretty obvious . four more words required .
otherwise a pos . save your money ! eric caint sing no more but he can still play . and , no zz top . what the hell ?
it simply does not work as advertised . it constantly slips to the ground , no matter how you wrap it , period .
don't waste your money . is unnesuful i really dont like it . is so expensive and dont work for nothing nothing .
they do not give you all of the things you need to complete level without having to buy things .
not made of quality materials . quickly worn out . i would not purchase it again .
what can i say ? i failed to find a single monologue i liked in this book .
cheapest on its class and also worse . id get better other one used mint on ebay for that price . awright .
i bought this adapter and a long lightning cable both stopped working less than a month later annoying
the lites are nice . but the pain didnot go away untel i used my old infared heating pad . ron
the shirt has poor performance in the abdominal area , poor back support . it is the equivalant of an overpriced undershirt .
sadly . this book way over promises and under delivers . one of the worst business books i have ever read .
broke within a wk . when mounted on dash or windshield , shakes too much and moves around . not worth a penny !
while i liked the beginning , the story as whole leaves a lot to be desired . it felt forced and rushed .
this game looked fun but won apos t work on my rooted miui incredible . will try reinstalling to see if that helps ?
instructions not clear . not easy for me to learni enjoy puzzle games . but i didn't lost any money just time
boring
what ever gave amazon the idea i actually read this book ? it's in my unread file .
bought for my sons' bedroom wall . cheaply made . ripped when removing lettering from backing . not worth the price . wouldn't recommend .
this is an ok book , but i have read better .
i found both the directions for use and the recipes disappointing . i mixed it but i never did use it .
the box said right size , but contents were a much smaller size . had to return with no replacement possible . disappointed .
heh so so , liked tuba tooter and gabby and that's all . didn't care for the rest , but fun seeing some of these early toons .
foudn the text minimally helpful . not full of insight but just common sense . cost is too high for the return .
there are so many facts the book is really boring . doesn't appear the book has a real story to tell .
i don't like the fantasy movie . for me this movie is for teenegers . i didn't like . i don't recommend it .
will not be buying from this vendor again . poor and cheap product
not much of a story line . did not hold my reading interest . i would not recommend the book at all .
interesting but some what limited in depth of information , and differs from movies reviews depicting captain phillps as a hero .
item is inferior to brand name . not worth the money . doesnt work properly ! spend the extra money buy brand name .
i thought all charmin was the same but i guess not . tp is tough , not soft . dont buy the basic .
i'm not sure what i expected but definitely thought there would be more padding . other than that , they are ok .
these are so uncomfortable i just put them in the trash too much trouble and expense to return them
i am returning this item as it appears to be very used and i expected ordered new .
it claims to heat up to sq . feet could not heat half that space
i haven't got my dock yet and i ordered it on june th
these goggles are not polarized like it says . they are also not mirrored lens .
didn , t last long .
i guess i expecting something better , but this was just a bunch of juvenile jokes i heard in grade school .
you can get all the same advice in this book from women's magazines . no new insights .
this charger does not work with model a so please don't waste your money . like i did .
cheap and is so thick and dark almost like theater make up or young childrens makeup would not recommend this .
not happy , its not glass . its plastic , the product discription was misleading . the plastic is not good quality . very disappointed .
the picture and what i ordered were no where close to being the same i returned it back to you .
it have not worked from day i'm unhappy with this product because it has never worked
didnt notice that it had nothing but cd wish it would have had a radio and a tape player . thanks
i would like to read it but it doesn't work so fix it then i can read it thank you
the adapter only delivers volts and volts usb . volts is not available .
the product didnt stay the orginal color white started fading off with my clothes and turned a totally different color
just took too long to get to the lesson . seemed more like a movie about meanness . we were very disappointed .
misleading description . this is a stiff brittle hard plastic case , not rubber or soft at all . description should be updated .
hate it . such a crappy show .
all other star review complaints are true . terrible product i bought from a brick and mortar store
junk . not quality like prior new balance shoes . not according to size , size too small . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxx xxxxxxx
i didn't even finish the story . started off intriguing but i thought it was headed in a very predictable direction .
this is not even a book . it is just a web address . what a waste of my time .
it won't stay on the screen . keeps falling off . would like to return it . i'm not happy with this set up .
total crap did not work and sent it back out of the bag !
the two , bottom support bars were not in the box . as a garment rack , this sucks . even with duct tape .
tried installing it reinstalling . it simply would not function . i had to buy another . i would not buy it again
my yr old can't spin on it . perhaps he's too big lbs . i seem to remember the original being sturdier .
great movie , the format however was a disappointment . the video quality was poor and there was no dolby digital support .
not lazer etched and done on plastic . looks like a sticker . i will not purschase from them again . very very disapointed .
this book has no plot at all ! the author's style of writing was nice , but the story dragged on forever !
worthless . get advantage
after installing the game , i played it for minutes and never got a bingo . a waste of my time .
smells wonderful , but i had a very bad reaction to the mask . maybe i can give it away at work .
bought this hose a couple weeks ago and it already broke . it's a waste of money .
this product was not very clean and it looked quite cheap . did not end up using it for my watches
actually thought about slinting my wrist during watching this bill cosby funny without cursing not you steve jesus no !
watch looks good but or red lines not working , so i have to guess time . no instruction . heavy .
i can't for the life of me understand why people listen to this band . no talent whatsoever . avoid this .
fell apart two months after receiving . thought it would last quite a bit longer . disappointed in the quality , expected more .
very inaccurate
this broke the very first we used it . i was very disappointed especially since it was a gift . how embarrassing .
i found the contents of this book very boring , chapter after chapter was the same . not much story to it !
amazon appstore internet connection required spyware . it's the amazon drm . it's why i don't buy apps here .
don't bother keep using not worth the money for the upgrade .
metal was bent upon arrival , and bag started to tear shortly after . it's also small and does not fit much .
this book provides almost nothing . the apps are mostly a waste of time , relying on popular and wide known choices
wrong ink fro my printer
only watched a few minutes of it before i decided i was not interested in watching it .
the story was interesting , but it wasn't much of a novel
completely suked i wouldnt waste my money again . disappointed cheap not worth a bill . you should dump these guys
poor sound . not vary loud . nice small size .
the soldier was shoddy and cheap . the connections for the usb were snapped off by the time it arrived here
i tried to use three of these and they all fell apart the second or third tome i used them
didn't work . was able to format and copy files but files seemed to be corrupted , . i returned item for refund .
this mascara may work well for others , but it did absolutely nothing for my eyelashes . no lengthening nor any volume .
this dvd arrived with excelent time , but this movie to me was very amateur and boring .
you get what you pay for .
kinda like usless ! what more can i say ?
the photo makes it look like it's delivered being put together and it's not . i was disappointed . not happy at all .
these chairs are really short so a normal sized person would feel cramped sitting on them .
bought this when it was first released . didn't like it back then , and don't like now . weak maiden album .
i can't get it work all the time . it keeps telling me that i need to change the print head .
did not fit any gas cans that i own . standard red gas cans have a smaller opening than this nozzle .
sucks
pretty design , but started falling off the wall after a few days . even with a clean and prepped wall ! disappointed .
not one of daniel quinn's best works . too much of a fairy tale quality .
includes random projects that will never get made involving random household items lying around . not very inspiring or attractive . blah .
i've just started the game and i already have to s p end money to continue . it's an ok game
too chatty , gossipy . it just was not my kind of book . might be for other people though . not for me .
even after manually activating it won't receive the wwvb signal . reazon unknown . i'm very disappointed !
be carefuli received . one from here and its counterfeit . meaning it will not save your iphone life proof people will not . send . new
the vinyl has many song with jump tracks and came to me without vinyl record sleeve to protect the disc
was not complete . two left arms come on will send photos if need be . let me know how .
size x fit like a medium . it was made cheaply and the size was really too small . gave it away !
definitely not worth the money that i paid for . they shouldn't charge no more than for the sun glasses .
i allmost requested my money back . definetly this book earns place on top not to buy this book list !
i waited too long to install the mudflaps . they don't fit and i'm stuck . boo boo boo boo booo boo
why are text books so over priced ? regular books are , text books ! it is ridiculous !
have not been able to get this game to work . would give it stars if that were a choice .
don't waste your money this will not hold your hair ! it doesn't work at all . waste of money ! complete flop !
so cheaply made . not in any sort of container . just a bunch of loose , cheap plastic helmets . don't do it !
the little ball came off within a few minutes of use ! i would definitely think twice before buying this item .
a poems book by the same title of the famous book by john steinbeck . nasty trick to sell a book .
the design starting peeling off the first day i got it . i like the case , but i wouldn't buy again .
line did not cast well . i did not like it . i think it could have been made better
won't hold charge go dead almost immediately . what else to add here to satisfy amazon's min message length requirement ?
because i cannot use the product with my gsm chip , and i always understood this was possible .
product is flimsy , expected terry cloth like a towel but was thin and flimsy like a tee shirt . wouldn't recommend
i do not feel good after took the pill . it's stuffy and it causes constipation . moreover the price is too high .
nothing works , the program crashes the computer , contacted manufacturer several times , no response ! save your money !
the butterfly began to tear off exactly one week to the day that i put it on the bed .
not fit
i usually love mbt but these boots did not do it for me . they were too big and bulky looking
after reading rainwater i was expecting a nice story . way to many f bombs to be considered a nice read .
it really was not any help for us but i kept it and am sorry .
i haven't gotten it yet it has been about months now and i haven't recived it yet . very disappointing
happened to me , too . had to return it .
batteries corroded within the unit upon arrival , clock doesn't work . what a disappointment .
it didn't work it was broke when i recieved it . i didn't send it back cause it's too difficult .
junk , i had to build my own rs to get my unit to work correctly .
it stopped working . will give time but no speed or mileage great at first just stopped , don't use it
this item was recalled by the manufacture the radio has been known to not accurately report weather warnings research it
the instruction of use is very minimal . was not at all what i was expecting compared to other drawing programs available .
i lived this and the outcome . this book didn't come close to explaining what happened . menny mistaks !
very cheap quality , rough edges will scratch your phone , do not recommend and have not used it . bad quality .
it did not fit my galaxy s . it did not have an opening space for the flash under the camera
i ordered one of these and a replacement and neither one would play on my dvd player .
very cheaply made . didn't work at all . would have cost more to return it than price paid . stuck with it
i took it twice and then threw the rest away ! it made me nauseous and gave me day long heartburn .
these are not the same pack that i had purchased at marshalls , sizing is smaller and material quality is cheaper .
very weak . tastes is ok , but you have to use a lot of it !
bought a subscription on . nothing here on . hope it comes or get my money back .
broke within a few months
i thought it was going to be a webkinz figure , but it was just a little thing that said webkinz .
no installation insts . have to go to ott website to learn how to remove old bulb and install new bulb .
this product is terrible . it causes hair to be sticky and stringy and look greasy and unwashed . would not recommend this .
at the beginning it was great . then it stopped working after weeks .
don't count on actually receiving the promised rebate . the requirements are so onerous , they hope you can't meet them .
i picked this because it sounded cute , but the person who received it found it to be really crude .
it's a nice app , but started glitching after the first few videos . i do not recommend this app , not worth it .
battery's don't last long and will not work on cool nights when deer are going for the veg garden .
i heated it in the microwave for minutes but it will only stay warm for hours , not .
not for me . seems like a simple timekiller . just not for me . do like the graphics on here . nice .
water tastes funny buy original
grease went everywhere , but into the grease zerk . find a better product . there has to be a better product out there .
the description of the book , the only couple of 'snake tales' provided , are both lies . not a good start .
great idea , but i need to spend more time figuring out how to use it . i need the simple mode !
i did not like that this item came damaged and poor quality i dont think i would reccomend to anyone
my year old daughter could not play using touch screen boring and got through all levels in minutes .
i can not rate this item as i have not received it . i thought it would be here by now .
broke while installing didn't fit correctly on the phone .
the story is lost with all of the typos , poor grammar formating ! really very tired of reading shotty workmanship !
the bottom was to big i gave it away
the product was advertised with an audio cd . it did not include one any cd as specified in the item descriptiondescribed .
the story is sub par . the images are pretty bad and frankly it is a little too dumb even for children .
it is so small tiny little . not worth the price they ask for it at all ! flimsy fragile . too small
i think these books are terrible for young children . the language was so negative and inappropriate .
paper ! warning paper ! will not last one round of points or anything else they are big cheap paper targets
worst yet of a going downhill series . i'll never read another one . total waste of money .
if you are interested in fashion , then this is the book for you ! i enjoyed her tv show with clint .
mine was broken when it arrived . it already leaks . what a hassle and a bummer .
it was ok didn't fit right on my phone . little cheap made .
garbage
way too complex
mine broke in the first week . also , i didn't feel confident it will hold my phone for very long .
i read about through this book before i had to delete it . save your money !
for me there were too many emotions .
broke on first use
two of the pins did not work on my iphone c . will not order again .
too fantastic even for a title like that . it gets boring after a while with all the fighting and gore .
waste of money . does not work at all . save your money and purchase a real whitening treatment from a dentist .
it was a cooler , thought it was the actual game not just a guide , why would i even want this .
i downloaded this game , looked very interesting , i couldn't even match any tiles , got rid of it right away . blaahhh ! !
belt clip broke after about weeks
this would probably be an awesome game , but it doesn't work on the or at least my kindle fire
runs very tight through the upper back and upper arms . i will be returning .
i received this and hunting journal for years , switched to another for several years and was not satisfied with it .
i used it for a week and the bottom seam ripped open . the elastic waist band is very flimsy , too .
there needs to be a disclaimer in large letters about the fact that this toy requires an iphone to play .
it broke while i was watching quot there goes a fighter quot . i want to give this a star ! booo please fix !
tthe facts are far from enteraining . it is disappointing . just dry facts with no substanxe or excitement . do nt bother k
never did work right . wasted money and dissappointed child . thought they would be great , not so . should have returned them .
still haven't got my gb sd card past a month now very unhappywant the card or my money back
doesn't really look like the picture but still fun .
my eggs didn't fit in it . very dissapointed .
can not rate it since it did not install in my android motorola razr . would like to give it a try
dosen't work with , contrary to their claims , received of this ? no good to me has to change the advertisement
please have breville contact me the non skid is washing offgreat machine , non skid is weakbernie
it was broken when i got it
after just ten minutes of use it burned out .
a very dull book . very hard to follow . none of my questions were answered . not enough information on any subject .
i wanted episodes of the glades . didn't get 'em . got clips of pawn stars . got rid of the app .
it really doesn't work . it loses everything that is hooked up to it . i would not recommend this to anyone .
don't get this game . it stops working days after you get it . but it is a super fun game .
it's beautiful and soft but unfortunately slippery i even tried to wipe it wit vinegar and alcohol but still slippery
it did not work at all , and i had to send it back on my dime . not worth the hassle .
these don't hold and the cz is larger than it appears in the photo . waste of money .
do not like the feel of the fabric . feels a bit uncomfortable on the skin . fits as expected . would not buy again .
nothing rubberized about it . hard plastic will break easily if you drop it . and to expensive for what you get
broke after few uses ! not very good and reliable ! i'm very disappointed . i would not recommend this product for purchase !
the heart looks great when you get it , but a couple of months later it felt apart and turn brown .
waste product . it is like toy . i felt bad of wasting money like this . done get this product for any cost . i hate it
this controller frequently disconnects in the middle of play which forces me to restart the emulator . buy a different brand .
melted all over the box outside and out highly upset . all of them not one is perfectly intact ! !
it's really stupid i thought you could make a home for it but you can't it'sstupid stupid stupid stupid
no results
shows up with parts broken , and does not work . hp printers can be nice but the paper feeding works terribly .
do not order this case . it did not fit my phone at all . i was highly disappointed with this product !
please tell them to stop making albums , this album is just as generic as the rest . do not get this .
way too slippery . buttons aren't easily accessible with this case . i will never use it .
the chargers after a while began to part , the black piece broke and separated , of course its cheap
not very entertaining but does kill some hours . extremely predictable .
it's way too small . hardly anything more than the shoes fit
stoped working after uses didn't really hold up . not really a great product . un satisfied with the product overall
i dont care for this at all and would not order it again . i would not recommend it to anyone
they may look good in pictures but not that good otherwise . you get what you pay for .
i bought the pen and it does not work . battery will not hold a charge . a complete waste of money !
pop up adds all over . i'm removing it even though it was free not worth the hassle . not enough to do .
i don't like the paper quality , nor do i like the layout font . very few pages for phone s .
kindle never loaded and therefore did not work on my android . would be nice if it would install and work .
not sharp , i have older knives that cut better , you get what you pay for .
will not open . help doesn't quot help quot the sound won't even come on to annoy you . big waste of time and money !
i would have loved it if it fit my computer ! i got it in the mail and it didn't fit !
maybe lumens .
seller shipped on time , product was just defective from the manufacturer . prompt refund through amazon . very good return procedures .
great help in preparing for test . book came with cd which was also very helpful and in new condition . thanks .
too many characters to keep track of . the story line was all over the place . i quit reading halfway through .
was really cool for about a week but broke shortly after that , was real before it broke though lol . jeff
no luck with my sheet , in the second he tore washed . i was very sad because it is too warm
love the game but . same tank ! use fire hd , like to decorate different tanks not the same one wasted . .
absolutely horrible product . very difficult to use . instructons were poor no user manual . i ended up returning it .
i hate it
blank pages ! ? this is a total waste of paper , regardless of the humorous intent . stupid .
case doesn't cover the front of the phone and it didn't even charge the phone . not even worth .
too difficult to put kindle in it no give to the leather ? also , does not sit up very well .
i love cupcakes but this one is a little to childish for me . i really thought more of this game .
the piece that goes into the computer was too big didn't fit into the computer . i was sent wrong cord .
how the heck did this movie ever win any awards . i think it was probably the worst movie ive ever watched
dog seems to be able to ignore it . not effective
not an exciting cd to turn up . i really like darryl but am not excited about my choice here . sorry
there's a reason they didn't make it big . musical wizardry doesn't make up for a general lack of decent tunes .
leakage problem ! it will leak every times out of . some nipples will break after month of constant use .
this movie has a great cast and directing and an epic kung fu flickshound jet le rocks
so so quality . which i had not purchased these . now i am out of bootstrap and money . bad bad bad
i would like to know how many songs on this cd and the titles . the description is not good .
this is a worthless piece of junk . it didn't work anywhere on my body and cut me badly . bad product .
not a great quality shoe at all .
author is a cheep sob trying to make a dime from facts he admittedly knows nothing about . not worth cent .
i have no idea what phone it does fit but it does not fit the iphone as described .
unbelievable and rather disgusting . about an hour of my life that i will never get back . sorry i read it .
it didn't work on my phone which was a verizon coupe cdm , so it was a waste of my money .
maybe the theme is helpfull , but i cant opened it . i can 'nt open it in my computer , neither my dvd
it wasn't the right game in the case . you need to start watching the cases so it won't happen again .
doesn't stick well . will use a different product in the future . hard to apply the edges don't stay down
the book was just ok . it could have been a lot better . it wasn't the best in the series though .
this item leaks out of the spray nozzle while not being used . it looks good on my kitchen counter though .
this is a vary good place to buy games but it didn't installation work buth over all good
it was a stupid kids book not worth bucks do not buy this it is the stupidest thing ever
described as easy diets to follow to lose weight . he sugested food that you can't find in normal stores . misrepresented .
these were about the biggest waste of money yet . you get this very small patch of dots . come on now .
way overpriced . when it arrived it had very few pages for the price . i really had expected a thicker pad .
this product has a bit of a spoiled odor not sure if it's still good ? could someone tell me otherwise !
it worked very good for weeks and then it just stopped working . get what u pay for . so yeah
the book started out ok , but the book could not hold my attention and i just did not like it .
spring to battery cartridge was broken . controller would not operate . helicopter did not work . this unit was not tested at the factory . returned it .
i had to read this for my class , it is not my type of book that i would normally read .
amazon reviews are the worst , but just a heads up that the kindle version of this book is unreadably bad .
bubbled and peeled almost immediately . overall it went on well but ended up melting off the side of my phone .
pure commercial for a program that doesn't come with the book . waste of money and time , don't fall for it !
so cheaply made , came broken and i didn't even bother to return it . i wouldn't waste your time and money .
not worth the price . flimsy wipes compared to other brands . way over priced . u can get x the wipes for cheaper . not impressed
this had zero effect on my hair . disappointed that i spent money on a product that doesn't meet it's claims .
tastes and smells gross . scratched up on arrival . will be returning . in case you didn't realize , cap is entirely plastic .
very flimsy bracelet , didn't last very long . looses its shape . i wouldn't recommendthis to anyone . not worth paying for .
this was obviously a mans size instead of a women's . factory mistake . the return was handled well though .
it doesn't work . i'm really glad i tested it before giving it to my daughter for christmas . waste of . .
the case has already ripped and can't be worn on a belt anymore . i am very disappointed in this product .
i tried it and im returning it i just dont like it . but i do like the prior gta's .
i havent got a respone back and its been days now . wrong size and angry customer . they need to fix this problem
disappointing percent . the top name and number are printed in wrong position . completely different as show in amazon site .
i love these books ! and they are funny . love the titles such great books great word display as well awesome
this book is ok but does not contain any new or different information . it was not what i expected .
i put this book down in digust . since when did james patterson has to coauthor a book of such degradation ?
don't install or buy this , it's not full version , it has ads . paid apps should not have ads and iap .
gets the job done , but very difficult to change volume or songs while running .
my four cats were not crazy about this cat food . it may have been the flavor . will not purchase again .
the fabric turns loose after a while . i rather use other types of beanies . sadly , it's not what i expected .
not good . don't know how many years it would take to use what i purchased . can't even think of donation .
mislabeled wrong quantities of poles . no flood pans . don't waste your time . you'll just have to send it back .
always vibrating . the end plate doesn't stand the load of a mobile phone as always it moves downwards .
this mp player is terrible . instructions worthless . i give up and going to return to store .
doesn't let you see who you picked during live games . also the bracket it gives you isn't easy to read .
could not believe how these dogs were treated and killed so sad stopped ready the book and gave it away
these don't fit true to size . my husband wears a in everything but these fit more like a .
i order an unlock phone but now i reach to antigua the phone is locked . what can be done now
i understand that this is wonderful for you but i can not get past the taste . even with apple juice .
poor color and product quality needs to be taken off your sight it will be a disappointment to the buyer .
shorts were nice looking , good price but in my world a medium size is not a size .
not worth the amount of money it costs , you may as well go out and buy yourself a new xbox .
the arms are too short and don't hold on to the air vent so it constatntly comes loose , poor design .
you get what you pay for kind of cheap made , look nice on wall once you get them up though
it's a little too roomy in comparison to the other pair i have and they are both the same size
f don't waste your money i literally found this unreadable and after pages i gave up . this sucked !
i paid too much for this bike and it broke within the first minutes of my son riding it .
like the play however win credits are lower than what is needed to continue longer play to collect all diamonds
it stops after one movie it will not continue to the other movie on the disk here is four words
printer wont print wireless . printer keeps telling me that the cartridge isn't an hp original cartridge and to replace it .
wires loose their shape , sharp edges that can cut skin , copper wire always need adjustments
it sticks every time . not happy that i have to return this and buy another one so close to christmas !
this tool is completely useless . the blades do not line up at all and so it does not cut . trash .
not burgundy , no red in it , its brown if you need brown this will be perfect for you to use
only the cover is better inside is really not good the line was misplaced and i don't like this seat covers .
it's to big .
not satisfied at all .
very good book hard to put down i can not wait for the next book by this author hopefully soon
very poor quality . it is not at all worth the price ! do not waste your money on this helmet cover .
poorly written and inaccurate . an insult to the british soldiers who died in onn the somme
if you want it screwed up give it to india to do and that will do the job every time .
the packages should have been . oz and the packages that we received were only . oz .
it was way too big compared to other uniforms i already have . i'll never order another one again ! thanks anyway
it is not a solid saw . the fence was bent while operating the saw . so , i ordered a replacement fence .
good for the price .
doesent work i want to sed it back it has red ring of death
its not what i thought it was . i wasn't prepared for this one . i didn't read all of this book .
it broke too oftenit was too fuzzy and made lint everywherecaused nose itchingthrew it away after several tries
these were made of cheap plastic . made it hard to measure . would not recoomend metal is better in my opinion .
earrings are each a different and they aren't pink . i will try to return before christmas . do not purchase these .
pictures are very deceiving . i was looking for big pill pockets . these things are smaller than i've ever seen junk
i am glad i didnt pay for this . it was more like a sample than a book .
the author does not really get into any advice for someone starting out besides more of a history of oils .
frankly , i saw no improvements . the product name is misleading . i just feel like a waste of money and time .
come on ladies . do u really need a nose ring thus tiny ? i sent it back ! it is just sooooo smal .
an aftermarket product that does not fit well . would buy the original dyson part from a dyson dealer or dyson . com .
does not work . even makes room hotter . it is like a glorified fan . do not waste your money on this .
i used different models mhz and never worked . not recommend buying these controls . not include instructions on how to program , thanks
nothing new to see here . regurgitated psycho babble . reads like a text book .
expected new item . received box taped shut with 'returned opened used' label . lame . fail
not anywhere as nice or interesting as candy crush saga . i guess the price was right for what you get .
nice bag , but too small for me and straps too short for comfort on shoulder . great color and soft too .
big buildup to an even bigger let down . just another italian wanabee .
this is a piece of junk buyers beware , you can purchase much better . classic computer case around . at ebay
too small for my husbands calfs . made for smaller sized legs , i will have to look for a larger size .
thought i would get an pack cabinet pack as pictured . received only six note pads . this picture is misleading .
wrong item
with known good batteries charge finishes but batteries are only part chargedno matter how many times you try to charge .
nothing special . see lots of salmon being caught , and a few other fish . no detail .
worked very well for an entire week . then power light had constant blinking and power going in and out . hazard
not worth the money or the time .
not that easy to use . the directions are not that clear . needs more explanations . i wouldn't bother . try something else .
they don't work well and they say not compatible ! waste of my money if you ask me . don't get it .
very few choices for foods . i mean come on . it's pretty useless . it wads waste of time to download it .
very slow moving and boring
not for me
i like it , but after a few days flag color comes off . the material is poorly but great design
the product , never work , is very used and and can't returnd because i am in ecuador . i don't recoment this product
fake
did not help my husband and very tight on foot even though he has narrow feet that are size . .
its a truthful book . all that he talks about is whats going to make america a better place with leaders .
doesn't rust but , the plating isn't very good .
i really enjoyed this puzzle until i got to the last piece to find out it was missing . very disappointed
cute but runs very small . it's for someone short and a size
half of them have burnt already , only after month ! don't buy this product , you will throw your money away .
i wish i would had known that it didn't have a zipper because i would had got a smaller size
unfortunately , two of the three pens were crushed when they arrived in the mail . one is usable .
i really had high hopes for this dress , but the fit was just strange .
i was disappointed with this album . sounds rushed to put something together . not you typical healey album
i have not received the product yet . how am i to write a review !
its no good , a waist of money , not what they say .
wasnt what she wanted
bad taste
this should be called a dulling stone . have something to sharp ? then this will make that no longer a concern
this book left me wanting more merle less history . it was quite boring . thank you for offering some good reads , appreciated .
not flattering at all . material is very thin and is not well made at all . i would not buy again
barely stayed on after a month or so . worthless . was too busy to return it and now definitely too late
you are not able to hear music when on the phone .
dark , disturbing , plodding at times , my thought when i finished . that's it ? why did i waste my time on this ?
it is not very well written at all . a little better than some others , but still a b grade book .
color is off . not really a green and not really a gray . and dial was tarnished . i sent it back .
could not load this program into my computer and its states right on the sleeve , not for resale . very disappointed .
the case did fit my phone but not as well as i thought it could
the unit did not work . it did not accept the sony stick as advertised .
some how too small
i put bbs in it and it will not load at all .
if you have a nd gen ipod do not buy this ! it does not fit
have not been able to download documents from emails to word . have tried to repair but still not workingsulema ramos ,
this is a joke . bucks and all i received was one dumbbell . i am returning this piece of s .
condition was stated as new but had scratches and red coloring missing on it . will not hold charge either . thanks
this thing broke after days i guess you get what you pay for do not buy ! what a waster !
we got better reception with the stupid out door tv antennea then we did this thing , so i returned it
it would not load properly .
this software will become a nightmare for you one day when your computer won't boot check that problem online
the book is full of interesting stories but lacks any glue to tie the events to the big picture !
if i was at level or . then yes . this would be a great app to have . but it really doesnt help !
seat cover was flat black , no padded areas like pictured . the instructions were also vague on how to secure it .
really enjoyed it . has both romance and mystery combined making it a book worth reading my daughter enjoyed it also .
i didn't even want to give it one star . it was so poorly written . not worth even free ! move on .
i bought the wrong thing i think . be careful to read details when buying stuff . right camera , unnecessary cord . oops !
a classic i always wanted to see . but found terribly slow , tedious and boring . glad i only rented and didn't purchase .
very flat tennis shoes . not the bouncy shoes i thought it was . the color is great , though . still a keeper .
not that great of a movie expected more from this movie did not meet my expectations did not like animation
batteries were dead on arrival . what more can i say ? dead on arrival . dead on arrival . completely dead on arrival .
i bought the set but didn't fit my bose speakers as advertised . if you bose , don't bother it wont work .
i have bought the original dvd , the extended dvd . why do i need to buy this ? why ? why ? why ?
cloyingly sweet with more fake hazelnut flavor than vanilla . the milk doesn't froth as advertised , the expense is completely unjustified . avoid .
the wallet is nice but the magnet sucks . it's not strong enough to keep it closed
it doesn't consistently work . poor connection to phone .
not worth buying because of drm issues , better to just rent it and save the money .
didn't last long and it's not great as a basic blender , one of the shortest lived things i 've had
my labs anxiety does not seem to have changed in any way after wearing this collar for over weeks .
flowery . verbose . rambling . compound sentence upon compound sentence . this book was unreadable for me . i quit .
left my face very oily and it did not take off my makeup . i was very disappointed in this product .
the dearforms ladies slippers were too small for my size foot . i was very disappointed because they looked nice .
don't recommend these pads for your bike helmet . there's not sufficient adhesion to the inside of the helmet . not recommended .
the story never really develops . author only creates two characters , so you never really feel a part of the story
poorly madeused a few times and it showed visible wear n tear . not recommended . go for a better established brand
this game is the worst game ever ! i do not like this game at all ! i whould never get this game
i don't get how to play it and well i just don't get it that's all i have to say
broke to easily
does not fit my dell inspiring mini netbook . returning it for a refund .
i cannot change the minutes .
this purchase was a waste . the product was hard to get onto any ring and never stayed on as anticipated .
not happy with the size and quality of the cotton balls . i cou me have gotten better quality at wal mart .
looks nothing like the picture . too small to be a large . its a printed shiny cheap fabric . save your money . do not buy this !
wouldn't turn on sent back
i was sent the wrong product twice !
the product material and constructionhas a bad quality ! it hurts . my back and increase my pain ! i loose my money !
i would like to say that i like the product but until today i have not yet received
i bought this for the new mac mini . unfortunately of the dimms received was defective . returning for a refund !
these were a bad purchase . they were not like the swaddlers i get at the local stores . they seemed old !
they said the cd was in great shape but it skipped songs thru ! thats not a great cd !
does not provide any protection . too flimsy . is just a cheap rubber covering . would not recommend this product to anyone
in less than minutes , my hound mix had this toy annihilated . i would not recommend it for aggressive chewers .
i threw this in the garbage after two seconds of inspecting itdon't waste your money don't waste your money
horrible ! just a waste of time and money . no interesting storyline , characters are boring . do not recommend at all .
just what women need a book to encourage their self absorption in the guise of spirituality . what a crock !
mini daschund chewed this up in less then minutesyoys usually last longerwould not recommend this productthanks
i have cats and it is too expensive to continue . one treat did nothing to apease them so far .
this book reads like the hunger games , only boring . the plot is similar but this story lacks drama or texture .
first it rodent download fast because i got it yesterday and it hasent even started . second it cant keep you interested .
it was a children's book and i thought a teaching book therefore not helpful for my purpose , well illustrated , thanks
drops frames . media express can never find the blackmagic hardware . just a pain in the ass to setup and use .
it broke right away i shot it and it barley when're anywhere and when i cocked it back it broke
have not recived the book yet , so i am not very happy
no itrip , no ipod . toughskin is not good for that reason
way too small oz don't count room for foam tooi have nothing more to say would not buy this again
worked for a week then stopped working . not happy at all !
i only lasted about one day , then quit working . sometimes these inexpensive products work just fine , but not this time !
i was expecting a lot more from this book , but was sadly let down . it had no pace or drive .
both batteries would not work . so iam still using my old ones . not worth the hassle to try and return them .
needed v w bulb to load test the batteries in off shore cabin . this bulb burned out after a few hours .
i felt like i was reading a preview of a book . i didn't understand why it was so brief .
i used faithfully as directed and so far have noticed nothing except possibly a slight placebo effect . won't purchase again .
the only thing you can do is look at stuff . i had hoped it would give you skins . not good .
all of these paper air planes are impossible ! you have to cut them out perfectly or the will not fly
hard to remove . no protection except from scratching but then when you attempt to remove , you scratch the phone yourself !
i hate it ! cannot find files . they fixed , but it wasn't broken !
was excited to lose some weight , but never lost any ! so disappointed ! i would not recommend this product to anyone !
good idea but not long enough for use as needed .
my son really really loves the mario brand , always drawing the characters . he loved the gift . we love the quality
cheap . very light . though the spinner is smooth . it was not as heavy as i had hoped . don't buy it .
totally pointless product . it does not open a bottle , which is strange for a bottle opener . stupid . word . word . word .
bulky and hard to fit
this should have been classified as a short story w a cliffhanger ! i wanted more of their story together .
the ear buds are way too big and are very uncomfortable . good thing they were cheap .
new to kindlepicked this book by accident and chose not to read it . hope to do better next time .
i moved miles and it stopped working . have been unable to find anyone to fix it . maybe grundig will .
i was a little disappointed with this item , it runs small . i like the color , but that is about it .
she was put a cross the black sea
horribleee !
the battery don't work . the battery life is to short only one hour by full charging . i have been scammed
it kept my cats off of the countertops etc . , but unfortunately it broke quickly after the purchase .
only had them a few weeks and one speaker already not working right
low quality made out of plastic
i couldn't even finish this book . the characters are unrelatable . far too moralistic . the illustrations were cluttered . just not my thing .
very poor quality for money would not recommend buying this product to anyone , i do not want to re order another trimmer .
advertised as . hp but is actually . hp
i saw all the positive reviews and decided it was worth it . rolls are much larger from store bought item .
i followed the directions to a t and it did not work at all . i did not notice any difference
i use it rather unconventionally . my techs mark the floors with it for electrical work . it freezes and won't work properly .
at best a bad remake of the next best thing , at worst . well , just crap . we would have expected better .
doesn't work at all . waste of money too short also . useless don't buy this as this doesn't work at all
it worked for a while but quit again ! it needs an update soon because right now it's useless to me !
i purchased three of these as gifts and not one of them would charge ! i would not recommend this product .
worst quality i have ever seen ! this would not make it through one single washing !
too big , the design is not very confortable .
strap stitching underneath is very uncomfortable to small
threw them out upon the first test . i love hde products but these bit the dust hard . please look elswere .
don't you dare buy this movie . it's boring . it'll confuse you . angela mao is terrible !
sent back was not what i wanted
in terrible condition only half the light worked and i got an iphone charger when i bought a
didn't have it but a month and the charging port broke . had to order another one .
this app sucks . it messed up my crops . thank god it's just fake crops .
dimensions are approximately x nice fleece shell . but arrived empty , no stuffing ?
this never worked for me but i guess it can work for you .
wrong coffee rc'd , but will donate to the food pantry . poor packaging open inside the box with other items . xx x
this harness didn't fit acura integra's stock radio harness . make sure to butb bg qif you own a acura integra .
the device did not fit comfortably into my machine and the coffee has to be very finely ground .
could buy two for the price of this one at outher sites . same or better item .
poor quality product . wipes leave shreds behind . did not expect such poor quality from huggies . going back to pampers . l
too small for the kawasaki voyager i bought it for
didn't work on my toshiba . what's to be expected for the price i guess . a waste of a few dollars .
the led's are regular light and not ir led's . so the cam description that it is night vision is false .
would not fit in my wife's ear , disappointing because it is not advertised as being non standard size on the website .
it broke the first moth i had it . it was very hard to push . it was just one obnoxious sweeper .
a cute idea , but creepy in actuality . sent back . did not think my granddaughter would take to it either . disappointing .
very bad acting from the main guy made this hard to watch . the plot was also on the stupid side .
over rated .
the mascara didn't even last a month . it dried up so quickly . horrible . i won't be purchasing this ever again .
it is not enough to protect a hard disk . fortunatelly it is cheap and i didn't lost too much money
waayyy too small for pricedimensions not giveni would not purchase it ever again needs to have dimensions !
i received the book with a damaged cover detached about half of the front page
i tried these and it made no differnce im just going to use this after i please my hubby
the narration was too slow and i didn't like the voice . my children lost interest almost immediatelyafter the story began .
broke after two days
does not adjust .
ipad does not sit firmly , husband will not use . afraid ipad will be knocked off of it on his desk .
when i received this item it did not work . i returned it immediately so i would not be charged .
the fragrance is overwhelming to me . i wil not order again . but i love heavenly , and will continue to order it .
i used this product for weeks and it burned out the charging port on my laptop , making it useless .
the screw holes are rubberized and if you remove them the holes are big and can't be mount to radiators .
months ? only if your baby is a giant . i'm pretty sure theses mittens would fit a pre schooler . not happy .
i have very dry mature skin and this cleanser made it even more drier ! scubbers are for pots not faces !
strong yellow colorcast unusable , will go into trash can . i'll try to find another source with better quality ok
i opened it and not i can't get the latch to shut . otherwise , it's cute but not very practical . frustrating .
defective , would not work am returning it . on installing it would not load or operate properly in the printer itself
it is described that the romper made from cotton , and it is made of polyester . i am dissatisfied .
had to keep it on hand .
i can't even download it to my kindle fire hd i am a huge of fan of the walking dead
safe your money . this product does not actually fit the galaxy s ii . in fact , it won't fit most phones .
they were very loose and air went into the sides . maybe ok with an band around your head to tighten
this book is a tiresome read . way to sappy . way too sweet . over the top with gushy ness . total beach read
shoe was small , no arch support and generally uncomfortable . usually this shoe is great but this one was disappointing . disappointed .
junk
very cheaply made , one board was broken when we received it . not made of real wood , just very cheesy . mistake .
saw brandi in person energetic and focused . this cd is somewhat depressing and lacks memerable songs despite the effort .
beautiful design , but too small for adult . it doesn't have a wide view . will have to pass to my daughter .
this item was advertised to fit the iphone c , but it doesn't . wasted my time and money on this case
you have failed your highness . lucas is the true phantom menace .
awkward to use . if the camera is not fitted properly , the lens is blocked from opening .
broke in a week .
bad
plastic is cheap . i drop it once and it cracked . not as strong as the butter butler . would not recommend .
over priced and quality is poor for the price , glad i only bought the one to try . do not recommend .
not a good movie only redeemable asset is vincent price woul not recommend .
this movie leaves you feeling emotionally beat up . it's absolutely terrible and made us angry we spent our evening watching it .
do not purchase . seller is a joke . product goes on outside of windshield will not hold up with weather elements . junk !
too small and the material was gross itchy and heavy . i gave it away the cut however was cute
not really like it , not cool for me , because it sound like s , i dont like it , dont download it
not comfortable . straps dig at seam marks . lace rough . i wouldnt reccommend this bra . i certainly would not buy it again .
lame , lame , lame . pathetic jokes . don't even know how to stretch this review to meet the minimum word requirement . lame
worst book i have ever read . very repetitive . just a recount of newspaper articles . very sorry i actually purchased it .
i've purchased two of these timers and both retained water and stopped working within two months .
i don't understand this game and how it works . it seems like kind of a joke to me . don't download .
the motor burnt out and the regulator needed to be replaced again months after installation . poor quality .
it was rated an on the tough scale and it was destroyed in three weeks . very very very disappointing .
there were barely any barbs on the needles to encourage the wool to felt . foam was flimsy after one use .
it was'nt the halston i was use to having , it was oily the color was not the same .
the book was just ok . it was predictable . not enough depth . i probably will not read more from this author .
this was filthy sex and just not my style . it was difficult to find the whole story line believable .
doesn't make the bun right without the end poking out it's really annoying . thankfully i didn't spend much on it .
thought this was going to be a light hearted jab at what men have become . it is not that at all .
the jacket no has the columbia mark on the chest . just black plane . tks !
apparently the tablet version is supposed to have sound . if it really does , it doesn't work on the kindle fire .
absolute junk , you could think of this yourself . do not waste your time with this .
great idea in theory but does not stay inflated and causes more tears than smiles .
hd is terrible . and i have a new imac . shouldn't be an issue . waste of extra dollar ! what is wrong amazon
no expiration date looks like it was removed
this is a rip off . no better than the cheapest disposal razor !
interesting plot , always liked jeffrey tambour , unfortunately the supporting cast , or direction didn't cut it . no future for this one .
just one glitch after another . game continuously shuts down . spent hours playing to get no where . what a piece of carp !
too big lost in an hour
do not buy this knife . ! bad everything quality , its plastic , loose screws , everything , don't you waste ur money !
not good this product for iphone because detrimental to the device interface .
these do not stay on the ring i have lost in days . what a waste of money .
horrible cap gun the gun is always jamming i bought this for my year old son do not buy
when i threaded the valve into the connecter the thin medal where the treads are , ripped tore apart . i returned it .
i simply could not get this product to work at all . i tried it in different outlets to no avail .
looks and feels nice , quality is good . only issue i had with it , is that the pairing was very difficult .
this corporation is trying to kill more than weed . do a little research and wake up america
this cord worked for about charges and now it only works sometimes . the phone saysthe cord is not recognized .
having a relatively flat behind , i found these to gape in the lower buttocks region . they wear out quickly , too .
i was so pleased to find this product . previously i only saw it in single packets . it tastes so good !
no real insight on achieving or attempting world class development . nothing in here you cannot find free on the web .
i don't know whether i would buy this product , because the ingredients are not listed . get with the program .
my g . kids are good sports but they were discouraged when their buckets of tomatoes got wiped out more than twice
this is a total waste of time and space . any moron can improve upon the tips given in this document .
although i haven't bought it , the price is insanely high . cans for ? that's outrageous .
didn't even fit on my phone all the way . its was a waste of my money and time to get .
not one of the best apps there are . it was free though . so do not expect much of the app
dont work half of the time . i think that i just waisted my money on these phones . i willnot buy again . thanks
i received this promptly but without a power supply . i'm dead in the water . you guys need better internal controls .
we did not finish this movie . hard to keep track of what was going on . to much fantasy for us
it broke after the first week . it was long enough but the copper end fell off after the first week
i purchased this for my mother's mower and matched the part with the owner's manual and it didn't fit . disappointing .
i am donating this to charity . doesn't look like my other peaces of cherry furniture .
it only worked once , that's it . just a huge waste of money , maybe mine was defective . i was very disappointed !
i ordered correct size , but it's too small .
size unable to fit my phone with protective cover on , cheap plastic , did not use it , thinking to return it .
. did we really need to cut down more forests for this long winded bore . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
ego man without question . pass on this and the rest of his larger then life mind , is that operh calling .
it didn't seem to be any faster to open the packages than the way i was previously doing it .
nothing about this works in any fashion . we are returning it hopefully , received as a gift . don't waste your money !
the image is horribly pixelated . i thought it was a bad online image . it is a bad image . don't buy .
i also heard barbara simpson interview ms . firey . from the interview i would have to agree with frodo's comments below .
i ordered a blake polo shirt and was sent an entirely different style .
the quality of the product is really poor . i don't think it will last , because the top it's to fragile .
did not geat it
the boot is cute but the relationship between the heel and toe is wierd and make walking a little rocky .
they don't tell you that you have to put them in the refrigerator for days . junk ! save your money .
the description said condition used good , but the cover over the binding was almost entirely detached .
a great deal of distortion in lens . get less then one pays for . returned at my expense for a re fund .
cost too much to play , nice try rovio
the book it's cute , but it's very tiny , and i received mine dirty too .
bottle was opened when i received it .
i would not waste my time reading this boo
it shows on the box clear not grayish violet . i thought it was a different color . false photo here ? i should return .
the code provided did not work . i lost out on . . i will not be re purchasing in the future . disappointed .
waaaaaay tooooo explicit for my liking where the love scenes are concerned . i would like more of a story line .
very flimsy . did not even last a month . the back plastic started cracking around the volume control knobs on the side .
know what you're buying . this book is an instructional manual . i originally purchased it thinking it was a memoir .
another problem was the stylus was not included in shipment . the item had a really strong odor to it . sorry
very cheaply made . poor quality . ended up tearing at the seams days after getting . waste of a few bucks
they are bumpy plastic , still slippery . the clear quickly becomes gray as it holds dirt and does not clean easily .
this item functioned properly for one month and then stopped working . now it will not charge the tablet . poor quality !
needs major editing ! this was a huge distraction throughout my reading experience . story was hard to keep up with at times .
it was way too small . didn't look as big as advertised . it wasn't adult sized in my opinion . so there
this cream doesn't do what it says . well the price says it all . will not recommend . will keep looking .
you get what you pay for . it is cheaply made and only worked for a month . don't waste your money .
i couldn't get my foot in all the way because it was in flexible above the ankle . sent it back .
you have to repeat levels over and over . not an enjoyable game at all . would not recommkend to anyone ever .
feel like i couldn't picture the story actually happening . the lack of description made me hate the protagonist . very predictable
was excited to plant these around our new house . seeds never grew .
this thing is total junk . it won't focus so it's worthless . i throw it in the trash were it belongs .
poor navigation . too much trouble transitioning from across to down . deleted app .
grohl foo freak here . it's fun but poor quality .
oh , where do i start ? extremely poor quality brush , scratches your scalp , loses bristles right away , simply bad product .
does not fit phone well , constantly comes loose on corners
possibly the most boring book i've ever read .
they are too small . i will keep them and use them for small jobs but would never buy them again .
if u want these know their small and are all tweeters no mid no high these suck
absolutely horrible i was sent a damaged scratched up used battery need i say anymore ?
i received it damage and cinderella's head was broken ! i'll add the picture so everybody can see what i got
i couldn't finish this book . it did not hold my interest and too much was going on to figure out .
slow loading wish it had nationwide coverage . will keep it as a learned , but won't get it again . not happy
it didn't work from this vendor ! returned the item and ordered it from another vendor
did not like this for me . i am very sensitive to odors this definitely had one ! i already returned it .
it was ok ! the plot was at first ok , but as it went on . it lost its sparks
not as a good as the older seidio cases i have had . this was flimsy and didn't protect as well .
not what i expected it to be . the main character is to wishy washy and bounced man to man to much .
i prefer zxing
i ordered a size bigger and it was still too small , fits like sizes small . will not order again
if i could give this a zero i would have . this was a horrible try at a project .
if you want just the rehash of the episodes you already know , get it . it was boring !
after ender , i expected more of the same . but this book seemed to be written by someone else . definitely bad .
i ask size xs
it has turned out to be a very boring game with little excitement or payouts . will probably delete from library .
cheap and does not work at all . don't waste your money on this thing take a tip from me .
a great story , but unfortunately it is not well written , is repetitive and really difficult to read as a result .
i usually by sp do brand . it keeps goggles unfogged for swims . they should give you this with your goggles .
the dress actually doesn't look like the picture . the beading is totally different . disappointed when i got mine
i used this one time and the whisk head fell off . great concept but it doesn not work at all .
was horrible
please add candy crush . love my kindle but this kind of . makes it sick . why do we always have to wait so long !
i very unsatisfied . the size says , but its definitely cut bigger than a . i cant wear them comfortably
cheap
too large .
unfortunately , i have not had any fuel economy . may be better to change the system to lpg . any suggestions ?
poor , it didn't work with my device !
good product but i had to send it back didn't look good on me . material was too shiny . alas .
piggy backed some other app to my phone without asking , total bull . they did not have permission to do that
would never recommend this product to anyone no matter your size . it was made of very cheap material . enough said .
this thing fell apart the first few times i used it . cheap , bad construction , poor quality . don't waste your money .
the over lap over the ear lobe is to big doesn't fit snug
felt too bulky for me . you could feel the edges of the grip and just couldn't get comfortable for me .
this app was fun for a couple days , but i became increasingly frustrated that it constantly crashes . not worth installing .
just simply a boring book . i don't believe he even believes what he wrote .
i bought this thinking it would be a great fit , but it wasn't ! do yourself a favor and don't buy this .
this book will soon be selling sic for off . what was he thinking when writing the ending ? what a letdown .
do not like this but i am a person who needs the apps to be very simple minded . try and see
you must be kidding me this movie sucks . i would shoot myself in the face rather then watch this movie .
this book was not funny at all . the jokes were all bad and dry and often times made no sense
the right side was playing lower than the left side of the headphones was unhappy with the sound it produced
don't like it . its too heavy and too hard for my dog . its like a piece of steel . too hard
the color is great but unfortunately the brush is too thick and oddly shaped , so it goes on weird .
does not work , no matter what you read . learn from my mistake . order the ones from sony themselves for
pros love the applicator fine tip went on smoothcons it disappeared within an hour of applying to my eyelids .
this is pathetic . do not order . flimsy and then the top piece won't fit properly so save your time and money !
no charge at all going to my t . but then it was bucks . you get what you pay for
this controller is crap the right analog dose not work afther maybe tree weeks i am not happy
i did not read as i found it was for kids . i was surprised as i like david baldacci books .
i have dry , colored hair and this conditioner is not moisturizing enough . my hair feels dry , not worth the money !
i hate this album ! and so should you .
have tried multiply times to open and view , but without success , on both my ipad pc . can you help ?
when i received my castle it was broken off at the bottom . i was very disappointed how i received it
doesn't seem to help that much , switching service when my contract runs out .
my nephew told me these shoes felt good and were good for leg pain . not so much . they did make me taller .
imagine a movie that is neither art nor entertainment . stale , boring , and no reward . a waste of time and talent .
cute no range not enough talk time
try to put on my window the captain stuck together end taring i ending upthrowing it away cause in pieces
does not work
the cover is not bad as such . however , holes for the speaker are at the wrong position . just bad design .
it worked once then stopped , a piece of shit is what it is
never worked its magic on me . still trying to find a product that will help my dry red eyes .
this is just hairspray that they have labeled as sea salt texture spray . not like the real thing at all .
i feel that it should specify that this will not project sound with out extra speakers
these were completely wrong . i needed them for my motorola hk bluetooth and they are way too huge . very disappointing .
loved hero's , loved lost , loved a lot of great serial cinema shows . this is not one of them . it's a mediocre try .
unfortunately the ink in the pens is all dried up and they do not work smoothly so they are useless
poor grammar . bad storyline . i only read it because it was free . had potential but ended up just truly sucking .
very slow moving . hard to stay focused on what little is going on .
do not ever buy it because even with my computer compatible it doesn't even work at all with either connection
i needed a bad movie for a birthday gift . this was perfect .
doesn't stay on good even with lotion and loses suction pretty easy even when the suction is at it's highest .
this didn't work very well . many of the holes were blocked .
it worked just one time . do not buy it ! it doesn't work properly . it is a waist of money . i
trivial psychobabble . very few specific , concrete suggestions that would allow you to take some action . also , quite redundant .
no reasonable plot and no character delopmentnot believable even in a fantasy worldwould delete from the world if i could
skip . stupid cdstupid lyricsstupid name for the albumstupid name for the first singleskip .
did japan x game wont let me progess . uninstalling i suppose this is a free trial not a free game
lots of mobo jombo not much of concrete substance . spread conversation not focused . scientifically not challenging . must be revised to add substance .
they don't even give you enough start up money on this slot , so don't bother buying it . waste of time .
it smells bad , people have made a comment about how bad it smells , waste of moneym , don't buy this item ,
wishing i could remember the previous brand i bought here . not sure if these have a freshness date or not .
not what i expected , a lousy recollection of not so interesting adventures .
even if you have a good time since the first fat guy is not going on the first place running
doesn't work for splitting from one hdmi device , say a dvd player or gaming system , to appear on screens .
cheap price , but also cheaply made . more stars is the chain was heavier
parts don't line up correctly and the instructions are vague . wood parts were not routed properly for the glass panels .
doesn't fit my phone at all . keeps coming unclipped and won't stay on my phone . not impressed in the least
this was a stupid product to buy . please dont waste your money on it . i sure wasnt pleased with it . sad to say .
i've found is uses limited . it's a lot stickier than play dough .
they send me other item and they don't take care to my problem , i feel defrauded
it arrived in time but it broke after a couple of days of usage . i'd go for something more reliable
the boots were almost sizes to big compared to what he was wearingnow . would not order this again .
i was disappointed at this album . it seems the fire has burnt out . it's way too mellow for me .
i really liked these when they were whole . one has since lost a stone , which leaves an unpolished look . unfortunate .
wings fall off the horse very easily
this worked for a few months , then shorted out . it is a bad buy . i would not buy it again !
m's fell off on second drive ,
too small . i was very disapointed at my purchase . i wished that it streched . it was three sizes too small
fun for the little ones but there are only like levels . the kids dont care that much though . good .
the chocolate taste of this wasn't much , even my grand daughter didn't like it . keeping it , but it's no good
item showed up in one big soft clump . next day was trash day pick up , so i just tossed it .
hello , purchase this article and i have not worked , i thought it was more functional , i only work with verizon
one ball came loose and was lost within the the first hours of wearing it . the other soon followed .
wanda is a black thug . how horrible of her to wish limbaugh dead . wanda is a punk .
i will not and no one else should buy a kindle book priced above the promised . .
it would only allow charging of an iphone s through this cable . it would not allow data through this cable .
extremely hard to follow . explanations are mediocre , at best . almost no examples . even worse , there is a pages errata !
i was just alright . nothing to . write home about . the names of the characters and churches were stupid and not funny .
the hat has a disproportionate shape , like it is a second . quality . i am very extremely disappointed . i should return it .
this stuff is bad . just earsplitting noise . save yourmoney and eardrums .
got it , took it out of packege , and rimstoned started falling off of it . poorly made , was not satisfied . booo
wrong color , too big , cheap looking
does not stay on the phone screen very well , will not be ordering this brand again , waste of my money
these are worthless . you have to assemble them and it's near impossible .
boring , dragged out , thought it would never end ! this movie is terrible ! not fun like the other batman movies !
opened the package and the product instantly fell apart . tried to still use it and wouldn't stay on the trimmer .
my daughter is small for , but these are just terribly small . no way these are junior size at all .
stupid design , poor sound quality . i can rarely feel surround sound .
speaker is semi blocked causing static when talking .
i returned it ! . the surface didn't fit well in it . very cheap quality for its price . shipping was fast ! sorry !
don't get this . it's ridiculously ugh omg i was so angry don't even know . i wanted o punch some one
completely stopped working in less that months . the display reads nothing . changed batteries and the power supply . still nothing .
very hard to close . have to coordinate bottom and top . especially hard when baby in your hands or hands are full
i have to send to back to sony as it won't upload pictures to my computer . first time using camera !
dogs will not take them . thought i was getting original formula when i ordered .
dont bother . was helpful in the real estate boom but this type of advice let to the melt down .
increased my hormones issues . did not help with hot flashes , mood swings and gain weight . product is not for me .
it's basically thick paper with faux felt and it doesn't stay flat . also it needs to be longer and wider .
seller should not put this item for sell any more because the case does not fit ipod nano at all .
not funny and not interesting . don't bother with it ! your better off watching the history chanel .
this really didn't work any better than just a little scrubbing with baking soda . save you money and look elsewhere .
plant died in a few days . probably do to low humidity . i was not aware of growing requirements before purchase .
app does not work on the kindle fire . when you try to record it sends you the app store
just a really , really boring software . couldn't make my daughter to spend even minutes dealing with it . ms dos style .
the saddest most pathetic slice of small town southern lifestyle i have ever seen . in a word , awful !
unable to program this remote . followed directions excatly , also unable to change battery .
read book and as not disapointed witht book hope to see a part soon
doesn't work like it is supposed to
characters were unbelievable as people and the plot was overly simplistic , though the basic premise was interesting . lacked overall complexity .
these shoes don't stay on your feet . i tried several different sizes . they are not well designed .
so uneven and shrill to my ears , abrupt endings , don't like her voice at all , terribly cold , no feeling , sad
ray santilli admitted that he faked the entire thing ! check the wikipedia ! the whole thing is a hoax
was broken
did not had great expectations about the product and was right . lack of clear instructions . very confusing . throw away money
this product is just the size for a really small pre teen . runs extremely small . would not purchase this top again .
could have been great if they had spent any time at all on story and gameplay . it is so repetitive .
this didn't do anything for my henckels knives . i saw no difference in sharpness .
three pairs the same same size and one fits like expected and two are too long and baggy . no consistency .
the diamonds are waaayyy too small . nothing like the picture . sent it back .
the send me the wrong pice this part is not working for this equipment is not the right for this
i hate it it to romanticit's so dramatic i wish i could through up wait here it comesaggagagahjahagahaahagah
it smell so bad after whilei been forced to through it awayi just used it twicewaste of money
to cheap , wont use . i should have returned it but i just threw it in the garage .
one star rating because this glove removed no hair from my cat . glove went into trash two days after receiving it .
nice but interferes with signal pretty bad .
cracked moon roof and no driver passenger side windows . also , horribly expensive for what it is . would definitely not purchase this item
i thought it was going to be an original controller but it wasn't , it is really cheap and poorly made
hi good morning , i can move you to a counselor who speaks spanish , pleasedid not work
failed after a few uses . not worth it .
guess i didn't see it was only pages long . i get to the end and wtf ? where's the rest ?
leaked when filled !
hard to get this off my phone without scratching my phone . the white material is rubberized and gets black dirty very soon .
glass suxs broke in my pocket n fell out
this product did not deter my poodle one bit . it didn't have any impact on the neighbor's dog either .
this product does not work at all . don't buy it , or do and waste your money . seriously , don't buy it .
really low sound in my opinion . hard to hear over shower even when your ear is inches away from it .
i was very disappointed in this stethoscope . the head plastic piece broke off less than mos after buying it .
most of the images in this calendar are not photographs they are video or screen captures . very poor quality .
on my kindle the taps or moves are next to impossible to do consistentlythe text is near impossible to read
not much here . it only seems like it is good for getting work together for the sub . not much meat .
noticed half the articles seem to be more then a day old . needs more updates to be really useful .
no im not happy it did not fit the phone it says its for cant even use it no good
old movies . out of date . not good at all . doesn't have a long list at all . waste of time , honestly
good for a single season , so don't expect longevity .
the waterproof spray bottle broke within one minute of use . i never even got to test it out , defective product .
i didnt like the quality of the dress , the dress size was small what i spected i dont recomend it
not as advertised did not fit my garmin gps system , was told it was compatible it was not , wrong ends
i found this book boring . her message was good , but her delivery did nothing for me .
really ? a free app . i go to try it and it wants me to buy coins to play . no thanks !
didn't like it . brought me another for somewhere eles i will never spend money with yall again . it wasn't right . so bye yup
personally , think it's a waste of time and money .
worked once , then broke . don't waste your time . it's impossible to find a good extender that works . find something else .
i try a lot of these types of product and this overpriced bottle is worthless and it did not work .
hard to get a feel for your control of the stick and the pressure of your break . will take much practice .
slips down and isn't tight enough wish i would have paid more money for a good one .
i hate it , poor quality , poor quality , poor quality , poor quality , poor quality poor quality , poor quality , i hate it
in addition to the poor audio quality , i hadn't remembered the weavers sounding so syrupy .
the ad is very deceiving . it is not much fun . my kids hated them . a waste of money .
stud bent immediately it is so thin . i would give it no star if possible , so it is star !
it all tastes like apples and it doesn't have a crunch . i will not buy again . just not good tasting .
cheaply made it broke the second day i wouldn't recommend buying this product unless u want it to fall apart
worked perfect to add length , needed to do some extra length to get the access to the roof would reccomend
no nice at all
it leaks . i have to clean my oven after the baking . i wish it could be made sealed . not recommend
it is now april th and i still do not have the product i ordered on march th .
not designed for sony hx underside . the sony hand wrist grip works as designed . i wish i could return it .
this disc will not play on any of my dvd players , whether a ps a dvd player or a computer .
can't find download anywhere on the tablet . can't find can't playson was so disappointed he could not play the game
the darts will fit in but won't shoot out of a . blow dart gun . there is to much friction
did receive an upgrade version instead of a full ms windows xp version ! unfortunately that does not work for me .
it is to slippery . there is not techure to the case , and it slides out of the hands real easy .
over my head for learning . probably ideal for more experienced jazz guitar players .
trite and transparent . political views disguised as fiction . i expected a lot more from the mcgoldricks . never again .
the glue did not hold jewelry fixtures . definitely wouldn't hold up to wear and tear . i would not purchase again .
the holder does not hold the i pad mini in place . the i pad has fallen out when in use .
it was a cute book , but should have been a short story . i lost interest quickly and quit reading it .
do not stay put on the bed . also , to small
i'm a cat fan but this was the suckiest album i've ever had the displeasure of torture to me ears !
very misleading , i dont recommend this at all .
short and sweet . i have trouble sleeping . there are some claims that this product helps you sleep better . didn't work for me .
please remove the skip limit on your app . it gets annoying when i hate the songs it thinks id like .
not the real life proof misleading the silent button would not work . garbled when talking others could not hear you .
this one is perhaps the worst one i've seen of the jason series . i couldn't even sit though it all .
they sent me an used stuff . i think . i mean . the product got some damaged part of painting . but working good as pump .
kind of boring .
i hit the wrong button in ordering . i do not endorse or recommend this to anyone . do not buy it .
we must be getting very desperate for television ideas . this was awful . couldn't make it past the first minutes .
cheap . didn't last very long
not well made teeth to close together good color not worth . get this at own risk worth about .
burned out the first time i used it . they wouldn't let me give it less than one star .
it ripped the material wasnt that strong it was good while it lasted . i got a lot more quicker tho .
tfghsdhjjuuyttewwdgklsgkiwwsfgjkjbvdswerrtiogtrryuk you swear dog peanut butter squid dog cat pigs fish to has love dove i thought this was a
its all chinese how a am i suppose to understand that it like so unfair i hate this fish game
kids will love it but it looks nothing like picture . all just dumped into a huge cheap container . need improvement .
the lipstick arrived broken and it was useless . as it was inside the lid and i was unable to use it
this poor little guy only made it a few days after christmas . guess it wasn't durable enough for my puppy !
the size is wrong . the material is terrible . not even worth half the price . do not even consider buying this !
hate it .
i received the wrong item . i didn't have time to send it back because i was moving out that week .
interesting if read as fiction . many annoying factual errors . i wish the author had more familiarity with the topic .
the shoes look great and are of good quality but are unusually big for the calves ! had to return them .
i was able to do a total of prints , b w and color before the cartridges failed mid page .
what cookies ? very , very small . definitely would have been embarrassed if i had given them as a gift . returned item .
i did not like the book . it was too longand dragged out . i would not recoomened thecharacter was boring .
too sad for me
could not understand why i was charged . for a . gift card , when i definitely stated new zealand dollars
this remastered album has lost much of the edge of the original . a classic that has been rendered ordinary
i just returned it . clasp is broken when i tried for the first time . it looked bigger than i thought . really heavy .
this toy lasted approximately minutes as my month old wheaten bit down on it . i do not recommend .
just that ugh . crappy songs , crappy voice . don't waste your money .
good insight into the modern publishing business . needed a bit more character development . no more thoughts come to my mind .
it was okay . made myself finish reading it would not recommend unless you have nothing else to read slow read for sure
too short and the end fell apart
didn't work at all . horrible quality . came broken . wont even brush my hair . didnt even feel like it was touching any knots
this thing rusts instantly when it touches salt water . if your going to be in salt water , stay away .
i just bought this and it's awful ! it's not finished , it's very rough . it gives me slivers . i hate it !
this laptop screen protector is awfull when you put it on it it has air bubbles in it terrable crud
i have been charged however i did not get a copy of the policy to date .
this product did not work at all for my two cats with the anxiety aggression issues . waste of money .
lots of normal recipes with instructions to buy non fat , low sodium ingredients . something i could have thought of myself . not very creative options .
great at first but didn't last long then finally gave up . this product did not meet my expectations at all .
i love dennis lehane bit was very disappointed by this book . it was not worthy sequel to the given day .
strange story but written in a manner that is easy to read . not sure how to pronounce the planeet
this book seemed to lack a detail and character development . in my opinion the plot was lacking or non existant .
i had it for a week until it fell off , i lost it so it was a waste of money .
did not say fine thread and i was wanting coarse thread . had to buy another from another store . be carefull
none germinated .
i doubt these are authentic isaac mizrahi , the zipper sucks , it is poor quality , material is not durable . very disappointed !
this is junk , installed in march and the only part left working is the left tail light . keep on look'n .
two reconstructive surgeries later , i can promise you this is the worst home circumcision kit i have tried this year !
got as far off corse from the books actual story as they could .
this review has more going for it than the movie .
didn't work as well as other products .
no work .
it has a good fit but its too soft and shows every little thing that touch the screen . not good .
they are uneven and its hard to cut them when they are uneven . not good
these are cheaply made . they do the job , however i tend to like a more high quality product in general .
fell apart .
why is this so stupid god no one buy this game it stinksit dos'nt even give you enough time
very low price and so the quality is not very good . may not purchase it any more . a a a
was excited to get it . opened it , adjusted the time and mins later , it stopped ticking . unhappy . lesson learned .
worked well but broke after months .
after three weeks of minimal use , it stopped working . it's sturdy enough , but if it doesn't work it doesn't work !
not what i expected . the quality of the piece is fine but the length was short . it was a choker .
i had to delete the book from my list . way too graphic , i don't recommend it ! detailed sex scenes not necessary .
unwrapped for christmas , i supervised my children sharpen pencils and watched the unit die on the th . so disappointing .
did not fit car . retruning it to china is bucks . when its only refund , just not worth it .
we have had sizzle magnets in the past and these just don't sizzle well , dissapointed . the magnet park works well .
size of inlet was smaller than original , causing problems to install . had to improvise in order to be able to install .
too short cute story but really really really short love the dragons name but book is too short too short
the story is a interesting concept but doesn't seem to flow very well . i am having trouble finishing the book .
it didn't work ! it's does not do what it claims ! i'm sorry i bought it ! what more can i say ?
difficult to concentrate on , due to headaches and the fact that the narrative wasn't lively enough . next . c
i chose this rating because it does not loadi said all i need to saythank you for your interestdora brown
this only works for the old school apple products . no matter what it says . no ipad mini or air need apply . sorry
these lights dont fit what they say they fit . save your money ! no stars ! dont trust this company e auto lights .
nopal sure does taste good , but it did not do anything for us . we used it daily for two months .
i never received this book . it was mailed to my old address and then returned to amazon .
it broke within the first week and a half . will not reccomend anyone to buy this product . do not buy !
there were so many problems , i ended up having to resend via email . it was a huge hassel . no thanks .
very disappointed . i am unable to play the dvd on my player . it is zone , australia is zone .
this same charger costs from minimed . even that price is ridiculous , but why would you pay nearly twice that ?
i couldn't beat it . so i forfeited my right to continue . i don't cheat also known as strategy guides . pablog .
this is my second replacement battery for my laptop and it did not lasti do not recommend this battery .
having hard finding insert . i will just have to stuff with fiber fill . i will pay closer attention to size .
not really what i had expected . rather flimsy construction . afraid it might tip over easily . ended up returning the product .
this story was so bad . i still do not understand what caught my eye about wanting to read this story .
simply awful . the writing , the acting , everything . i'm not a movie snob but this was horrid . i would never recommend .
it broke after wearing for a day .
didn't work at all for me . i tried everything it suggested but had no improvement . i sent it back asap
had to replace already days batterey and phone stop working replace battery still no phone wont do a thing
doesn't fit in holster after the case is installed
you can find whole caps that are made of better quality at the dollar store . this visor was very disappointing .
stopped working within days . very unhappy .
only for one died of the door . wasn't clear i was purchasing only lever for one side of the door .
sharp edges and hurts my other fingers around it . the jewels are not spaced right and wiggle around in it .
nothing ruins a good jazz song like keith jarrett making dying cat noises to the tune .
do not buy . not absorbant at all . you are better off buying the original turbie twist towel which really does works .
price is not competitive with other internet sites . so i am not happy at all with your prices any more .
they look better on line . comfy , yes , but very cheap looking . sizes run just a bit large . i do not recommend .
horrible smell like musty and gross and discusting , and when i washed it ripped in three places . poor quality , bad !
this never worked correctly , never charged the phone , useless ! ended up throwing it away shortly thereafter .
the toes are too long for a woman who wears a size shoe . however these sock are quite soft .
i did not receive any instructions on how to play the game . as such i have yet to plat it
started peeling weeks after i got it and then completely broke months later . the stylus never worked either .
these sneakers look fake as ever the inside pad is felling out when it should be glue in at .
poor ! poor quality video and poor quality sound . do not buy .
did not do anything
this battery was recommended for my dsc t and it turned out to be the wrong battery .
too small doesn't fold down baby can't get good latch waist of money in my opinion
can't review don't have as yet . not a plesant experience
taste bad ordered eden matcha will post how it taste
quit working months later . cheap not worth the money at all ! used it rarely , worked for awhile , just stopped .
feels like i have a tablet on my arm . not comfortable .
can't believe i spent on that . ridiculous ! seriously , it was short and fragmented and not worthy . trying to return .
its crap
too flimsy to slice bread easily . it was much easier to slice by hand then to use the bread slicer .
i am still waiting for the results . it takes longer then they say it will .
it didn't really make sense to me . don't waste your time . i would find another movie to watch for sure .
runs very narrow . didn't fit my little one . they say they are wide but are still too small . will return
absolutely the best reference book for pediatric patients . in use daily by clinical rns , pediatricians , and our hospitalists . thank you
the unit was stripped after taking it off the faucet once ! it is a waste of mony !
these are not pink . they are gold and im very disappointed that this item was misrepresented . pink gold was pictured . i recieved gold .
had for not even a month and when used it broke . would not recommend .
what is a matter , the liquid spilled and have bottle , but the product is good . thanks
i didn't understand a word of it i was looking for guidance , but none there worth reading however
i was not satisfied with the one direction sheets i paid only for the fitted sheet and the pillow .
unfortunately i have not found a pair of ear buds with any durability stereo sound gone after weeks .
extremely poor quality . would not use under any circumstances . ordered another set from brookstone . don't waste your money on these !
was difficult to assemble and when finished it does not spin . the spinners rub against back piece and won't move .
may we please have a new twist on this whole templar thing ? these type of novels are so predictable .
nothing pink at all about these earrings . they look like plain gold earrings . not at all as described .
although it said it was compatable it never loaded so we have no clue what it actually teaches or does
better then the old ones , but it still is pretty bad . i only like songs . save your money .
we returned the camera , minutes of charged time too short .
this item ended up being really flimsy and broke way easily dropped my phone once and it was completely shattered .
difficult to smooth out , can't get all the bubbles out . tried protectors and threw the rest away .
i believe that this item is overpriced for what you get . there are better educational tooling for children out there .
cant get it on my tablet even when i go to the apps liburary what i wrong . amazon ? need assistance with app
the smell was strong and not very pleasant . i didn't notice a huge difference between this and the cheaper ones .
low resolutionnnnnnn
cheap made , ripped as i put them on and there are runs all over them
the body of the story is great . the ending is terrible .
did not change my lashes at all . period . not like the old formula at all . do not waste your money .
i am not sure how i feel about this . i have not been able to understand how this really works .
thank goodness there is a fast forward button on the remote . one of the worst movies i have ever experienced .
video signal has lots of noise , despite how it looks , this particular cable seems is low quality , it's unused now
i lost my money , it wasn't what i needed , it was the correct part nomber but it didn't fit . .
returned
topaz gem is nice in its setting but the chain is flimsy . chain broke in days time . ! . needs a sturdier chain .
i hate this dictionary so much . i really really hated it so much that i would throw it away . i hate it
case was too loose didn't fit the phone the case also took weeks to get here and was unusable
nice but the stone is peeling . only had it about a month . . . . . . .
i don't know why but it made my hair feel like it had a film of some kind on it .
did not like did not like hard to read but i did not like dry why pub sucre a thing
items as pictured , but are not plus size . gave to a friend who wears an xsmall . cute but teeny tiny
the stairs are pretty much a cheap cardboard , these will not last long and are a total waist of money .
just a pathetic excuse for a childs play film . its obvious no effort was made at all for this film
my son couldn't push this walker . the center of gravity is so off he kept falling head over heels .
not very well written , subplots predictable , and many ridiculous scenarios . i would not recommend this book to anyone i know
neither piece of memory worked
kept falling off my windshield it was clean and was cheaply made , thought it would be nicer than it was .
perfect for our rv . counter space is limited in an rv and this caddy fits perfect under the sink cover .
it was not the product i ordered it was a connector for hdmi to hdmi
the brush end is far to flimsy and the rest is far to ridged . was definitely not what i expected .
this dumb game wont even download ! i got rid of everything i possibly could and there still isn't enough space !
does not clean properly without scratching the record . i use alcohol and soft gauze pads , and that works much better .
has dirty marks on it that i had to clean . disappointing that it seemed to have been used . too bad .
junk ! dangerous to animals as it frays easy and good cause the dog to choke . horribly unsafe ! do not buy .
i was expecting something else . my bad ! i was expecting a more detailed story of each saint . that's not your fault
product worked great for almost months . the it sopped workingwaste of money
this htc amaze g battery fits in the case but it does not work , does not charge at all .
boot is not waterproof or dust proof tounge is open to bottom of boot , feels real cheap when wearing the boot
wrong color brown not grey . waste my time and to late to get corrected for what i needed them for
. rust . sure , it's on the outside bottom , but is a very scary sign . the bloody mary was damn delicious , though .
the 'comic book effect' of the wizard of oz , classic fiction , disappointed me . perhaps i should have known it !
somewhat unrealistic mr cordy has a vivid imagination . basically a load of rubbish .
i ordered it for the htc first and it does not fit . not worth paying postage sending back . have to pitch it
i dont like it your ok amazone but this is not that good ok to small easy to brake ok
i assumed that since it had a gamecube connector that it would be compatible with the wii . it is not .
this product did not work with my daughters itouch . the itouch device recognized the cable was not a compliant cable .
very small and ugly product . do not recommend ! the price don't match the quality . don't waste your money on this product .
i don't know why , but the one we received from amazon doesn't fit any standard wine bottle . it's completely useless .
i never did receive it but was pleased to know that i was refunded for non delivery .
i tried this product for several weeks and it did not work . i will stick to my mary kay .
nice printing quality except the background is the wrong color . looks pretty funky when you are used to the blue .
this product didn't fit my phone had air bubbles , it didn't work like i want it to at all .
arrived with scratches . had to return it . was really disappointed .
very short book , cut and dried , just the barest of facts . not much literary value . commercials for other books . weird .
i was very disappointed to see the blade bcome dull after a relatively light use . disappointed ? yes ,
the wosst watch ! you cannot program this watch . waste of money and just disappointed a little boy on christmas ! sad
only had it two days and it broke , i take it you get what you pay for . just not happy
this product did not fit my toyota celica i was so disapointedcause i was so expecting it to fit .
very thin and cheaply made balsa . much more brittle than other planes of its type . i should have returned it .
the jacket is too heavy and doesn't look good . it may be good for construction workers .
the kindle froze and it wouldnt let me exit till it went dead so i delete fast it sucked bad
bought this for xmas present for my daughter and it doesn't work right from the box . will be returning asap .
belo average qulity product the indicators are not accurate and seem to always get stuck . not very accurate or reliable .
i am a little disappointed but i haven't watch at all i will complete my task and entertainment thank you
not at all useful . could have made myself from the hardware store . this is being returned . very small as well .
was given this by a friend for free did find it useful many ingredients are exotic over the top and . expensive
i dont like it because i ordered the wrong thing and i thought it came with everything .
i was dispointed when i only received three seeds in the package . there was suppose to have . what happened ?
removed it from my ipad . it was cover of the magazine and if you wanted more you had to pay .
loved the material and workmanship but the sizes ran way too small . my normal size wouldn't even button around me .
once you washed it is like a sponge sucking up all soap and it becomes difficult to clean and rinse .
no way to hold the animal in , weak construction barely hold lbs if that much , ordered sent both right back
this flash light is very cheap low grade plastic it rattles around and it will come loose off your gun
unfortunely , i waited too long to buy this book . it is way out of date and the information is irrelevant .
it sucks not what we wanted at all . the worst thing i ever bout in all really unhappy with it
hate it i thought it would be better . next time be better . cause after the book i literally screamed . stupid .
this product worked good for about weeks then split in my microwave one day . i had little beans everywhere .
good while it lasted . i was a little disappointed since it turned colors . my daughter did enjoy wearing it . fashionable
supposed to be gold plated rca plugs but they are not . this results in noise and sometimes loss of connection
this was a very cheap looking like it was from a dollar store . i was very disappointed . thank you kindly
its not pink . mine came red ! unless you want red and white do not buy . not worth the money cheap
this earbud is no different than the ones sold in a drug store . would not recommend this one . very disappointed .
i didnt care for the short stories not my style . not for everyone , just my thouhgts about the book . sorry
too soon to ask for a second review less than hrs after receipt . not enough time to install and use .
cheap looiking
unless you are a small child that wants fake tattoos to wear for fun . i would not buy it again .
failed to state that it's collapsible difficult to fill with bird seed also not really squirrel proof .
stopped working after about hours of use . something internal . i read about others that have had the same problem .
didn't keep this item . i'm a curvy petite . very straight cut through the hip and thigh . fabric has no stretch .
i thought the container was useable for future storage of tea bags . a very good selection on assorted tea bags .
this product was not what i was expecting . the price is way too much for what i received . very disappointed .
don't be misled by the promotion ! you must already own this software .
our pitbull chewed through this in less than an hour . not worth the money if you've got a powerful chewer .
no game instructions . . poor graphics . slow response time . just a total waste of time money . not recommended to pay money for .
cheap . but what can you expect . definitely was made in china in less then minutes . wouldn't recommend purchasing it .
saunders garcia combo doesn't work . bass work , i'm guessin' by phil lesh , is the highlight .
laptop still over heats . save your money . will be trying another one when i have the money . would not recommend .
all the rhinestones came off . not worth the money . and it was over heating the phone , off to trash . thumbsdown
the case looks nice and it has a great feel to it but it severely blocks phone reception and internet .
this sharpener broke the first time i used it . based on that i could not recommend this product to anyone .
the sizing of these pants are not consistent . ordered x was def not a x .
the third party quality is too bad ! won't buy again !
i loved these gloves because they were so comfortable , but spatter ate right through these things in no time .
i was hoping this tea would help me with my chronic gas bloating problems , but it doesn't do anything for me .
sizing was really odd for the xxl . tight in belly , really wide in shoulders . sorry , i'm going to return it .
this is garbage . reception is terrible . home stereo car stereo boom box whatever . it does not work .
symphoney not the bandnot what i wantednot clearly labeledripped off againelevator musicdon't try , don't buypoor
this is already rusted . i didnt think stainless steel had rust problems .
i never come ste product in the address guess women s waterpro gold tone crystal accented watch l
forget it run away ! worse charger i have ever seen not even worth the bucks i paid for it
snapped in half when i tried them on . they are not made very well . sent them back to amazon . sad .
we used the bags and filled them with dried beans and resewed them . pretty useless as delivered for outdoor use .
one of the screen protectors would not stick to my screen at all . that kind of defeats the purpose .
over an hour of my life i wont get back . i can't even dignify this with a review . just . don't
for two pillows ! save your money . these pillows flatten . it's like having no pillow .
i must find a way to return them . it's my fault i requested wrong size my apologies . thank you .
i received a shipment that contained the pastry bag holder , but my order of pastry bags was not in it
this game basicly rips off minecraft pocket edition only with no monsters which was the best part of the origial
m , doesn't work with my iphone . am using the apple branded adapter as well , this item was doa .
good bookkeeps you wondering who did it . would recommend to others . read more by this author . good good book .
only one in the whole big empty box ? did you eat the rest of five ? can we be friend again ?
for some reason , the items cannot run on my ipad because the ipad doesn't recognize the item as compatible device .
we use these at our school . it will last at least months . maybe a year . but never more .
it does not work at all .
it doesn't support apple keynote
completely backless and not flattering at all . not at all what i was expecting . lace is very cheap and itchy .
i thought it was extremely superficial , childish . i regret having bought it .
junk
boils down to using brain technology at research centers with no real purpose or advice for the average reader . worthless .
the game is nice , my kid enjoyed it , only that after the second use it stopped working . what a dissapointment .
it is made of bad material . the zippers didn't work and get stuck and this made me return this item .
this are not very comfey . right is smaller than left hurts . would like to return them . after wearing times
great acting but the story was a little weak . not really enough for a movie . nice try but it failed
sent me wrong pair pretty disappointed and product slides of face . will not be doing this again what so ever .
inconsistent , unreliable results .
did not come in the colors advertised . the bag is much bigger than it appears in the image as well .
i put these on my pool table and they will not stick . i followed recommended process . would not recommend them .
not a fan . kids skis too short for it to be worthwhile . ski instructors advise against item . returned no problems .
it doesn't work properly , poor uv light , just piece of junk . i have to return right away , and wasting my time .
i was expecting more tips and tricks . was disappointed with contents . not the same as having someone work with you .
very poorly made i have not used it seen i both it and i don't plan too . thank you guys !
absolute beginners only . no advanced topics covered at all . doesn't even mention asp . net integration .
it blacked out after about hours and i did all things i was told to do to reset it .
too large ! not the size stated . nice color . it also broke when my two year old grandson pulled on it .
very disappointed . handles are loosely attached , and liners came unglued . one came with a cut on the outside . poor quality .
too small to fully enjoy the pix , poor quality prints .
i can not review this item as the transaction was cancelled by the seller and the purchase price refunded
i did not realize this was the spanish edition when i ordered it . it's probably fine , if you read spanish .
the case does not hug the phone snug . i ended up not using it . there are other better cases made .
item arrived with a badly warped front and back cover . was not worth returning but not worth buying again either .
arrived damaged . i don't like to complain so i didn't return it . had a bad dent . it is still usable .
i did not understand that a magna was a comic book . was disappointed and didn't read the book at all .
this is in cartoon form and almost impossible to readon a ipad or kindle ! take it back please please
sorry , i don't care for this book . i found it hard to read and the story really not interesting .
i loved what the cd had to say but the sound quality could have been a little better .
poor quality , didnt sound luodim not have idea how be rated finedont waste ur money , better choose other speaker
this book emphasizes human interpretation and does not biblically portray the issues surrounding the issues of sovereignty and free will .
too small , sleeves too short , jacket too short . lining is as expected and the color was a nice bright red .
this cookbook is like the others , just recycled recipes . not inspired and lacking in originality and taste . would not recommend .
filled with bad language i know movies try to appear real life but all the curse words are not necessary !
do not waste your money on these , they are very cheap feeling and do not look very nice at all .
it just flat out did not fit i had to put it on a grinder and reshape it to fit
this bag looks lovely , but the strap holder broke off of the bag within a week . all of them .
this book is more about saving money rather that making money ! it talk about all savings accounts not business strategies industries .
a very small book and not much information is in this book . i will not purchase again if i had too !
i bought ip 's and an ip and only ip still works . these are junk don't waste your time
not worth the time
green bay handles , redskins logo on spatula , cheap plastic , cheap looking product . returned !
sorry , this absolutely does not fit the droid x , i don't know about other droids .
. to ship pairs of suspenders . really ? put them all in an envelope for . rip off !
after reading and loving his first novel , i couldn't believe this was written by the same author ! not good , imo .
the book is too hard to follow , the author randomly shifts from one number to another without any prior warning .
the book came with water damage as well as severe damage to the pages inside . not happy with this buy
the dimensions are not correct . they are not even close . it is also very loud . do not buy this !
bees still stuff themselfs in this feeder through the bee gaurds .
i ad to buy another decanter because the large decanter had a top that would spring up by itself , seriously .
not any better than windex does not help shine as advertized . i still havent found product for cleaning dark granite
after months the charge holds up to and around hours . better than nothing , but still quite poor .
very cheaply made they broke rite away didnt rate to high cuz didnt get to even wear w cop outfit
tried this for the first time . i doesn't work for me , no difference of any sort noticed on my hair
cables did not work with either tvs . i guess this is why they are cheap . did not bother returning .
color cartridge had low ink . i'm just leaving on a trip so don't have time to return it . very frustrating .
bends easily . not firm in supporting books , esp not heavy books . bends easily . would try something more sturdy next time
worked great for days then died . now need to find a replacement that will work more than days
we have tried the auto charger several times and it get hot but does nothing for the ipod touch .
total waste of money . wish that i knew it was so short and not worth purchasing . should have zero stars .
my lg model was matched to this case but , when my phone was inserted the magnetic cover would not close .
some games leave you wondering what was that . well this is one of them . hank you but no thank you .
it came apart in weeks
turned it on used it . worked great . nd pouch . machine ate it . not even worth sending it back . waste of money
this keyboard worked okay for several months then crashed .
the product is way too small for my needs . it really doesn't hold any items due to the small size .
it doesn't work the bubbles pop before they leave the mouth . tried several different bubble mixtures all the same result .
not anything great , i thought it was too sticky and am not using it . don't waste your money on this
story dragged . too much of the same stuff . over and over . wanted to skip half the book . this is dumb .
it never would stay on the wall . makes lots of noise . battery life is nil ! don't buy it ! not happy
my pack arrived and there were rca bnc connectors in the bag . a little disappointing considering i needed . frustrating .
i would love to review this but as of this date i still have not received it !
it is a very cute looking shell , however no real protection , so please do not drop that phone . thank you
what a rip off the box say's sample not for resalewhat a rip off what a rip off .
do not recommend this bedding ! i am probably going to return it ! my son can't stand the cheap uncomfortable fabric !
couldn't get it put together , sent it back . they charge a restocking fee as well !
very nice material , way too small . instead of a x women's sizing , it was about a x . unhappy !
just a bunch of chatter
i wouldn't recommend this prouduct to anyone . i wanted to loose weight . thought , yeah need help . no help at all .
didn't protect iphone c screen from breaking . very disappointed
charms always flip down wish the clasp side was a little more weighted do like the colors ! pretty !
it was too small for the house you cant really see only if you come up close to it .
this is like cliff notes , not the actual books . i feel ripped off and time wasted .
these socks fit way to small and are made of poor material . there is no stretch in them at all
i couldn't understand it that well . i would not recommend this to anyone don't really life that kind of movie
the bootie looked ok but it was too narrow and hurt my feet so i gave them to my sister .
the rare earth magnets fell out the first time i used the tool . checkpoint not what it used to be .
read the fine print . it is refirbished . my hp printer doesn't take it . so i had to throw it away
no behind the scenes i was looking for something different . want to see more bonus materials . . . .
i thought it was so pretty . and then it broke the first time i wore it . very disappointed with the quality .
a lot of basic material packaged into a book . would have been a good article .
the case was missing a latch on the top when i took it out of the box on christmas day !
it is a very nice hat if you get the right but otherwise it come to small
it often turns off and don't wait until i finish weighing . i learnt my way around it but its cumbersome .
a lot shorter and tighter than i expected , wont be able to wear it as i planned .
do not like this app .
this was like a little girls dress i'll have to wear it as a top over leggings ! difficult to zip .
do not purchase ! will not last ! invest in a better product ! rip off rip off rip off rip off off
i talked to white wolf and was informed that this item has been cancelled .
the light only came on once and would not come on again . had to return it . not the best quality .
either this was a bootleg copy or real poor production of series , but the sound quality was horrible .
worse glasses ever !
the laces broke after three work outs . running not playing soccer . come on now . i paid for these ?
broke instantly , doesn't change gears efficiently at all . and needs a better way to center the brakes when in assembly .
you have to read ad closely . it's other variations someone has designed . not the annual play card by the mah jong association
does nothing for anxiety !
plot and characters are horrible . it took up series and ruined it . it caters to the lowest common denominator .
plugged it in and nothing . no lights no . nothing . i am very disappointed in this product , returned it right away .
will thay work with my samsung s
don't know how i got this mini plug set . didn't order it . too much trouble to return . another lesson learned
to open and hanging the light is not easy and also water goes in side even there is a casget
when i got mine it wasn't working it was bad i recommend not to buy it because of cheap quality
is not like yo see in the picture , is very big and the gold very ugly , i lost my money !
bad product .
had the potential for a really good plot twist or two , but they never materialized . it left me wanting more .
i did not receive the bookit will be the last time i buy any thing through amazon
this flat hairstyling iron cannot be turned on after we have been using it for a month . very disappointing product .
wore the necklace twice and it already looks tarnished . too bad because i really liked it . soo soo soo sad .
more action was expected rather than a bionic post mortem .
the tea was a bit too bold for me . it is probably for a more seasoned tea drinker than myself .
response from owner is obvious . tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk
did not fit my truck even though it was supposed to . had to return , which is not a fun process .
give it star
don't waste your money . its poor quality and not worth the hassle of taking it out of the wrapper .
i recommend saving your money . cheaply make . it resembles a corporate giveaway at a fair . you could make this yourself .
this is a lovely watch . i mailed it to my daugter in london and everyone there is envious ! highly recommend !
total waste of money . don't buy it it just tells you the obvious . i want my money back . k maly
i got smaller one one of the lenses came smaller and doesn't fit . i'm too disappointed with the product .
its very small inside , you can't fit a whole lot in it . if it was bigger it would be perfect .
every time the updates it logs me out and when i log me in , it won't let me back in
save your money . he just rants and says the same thing over and over .
how many times can you play the slots when there is no money involved so i had to delete it .
if you got the first movie , save your money . basically a rerun .
deal was sold out before clock counted down . so disappointed with amazon . was this a come on ? or just a scam ?
impossible to understand the sequences of this bookdo not getwaste of my money time and my summer this year .
i did not like the material at all . you have to be very very tinyto really fit into this .
i guess most people don't want to date outside their comfort zones so i deleted the app because i do
hill and ayoade were completely wasted talents in this movie . stiller and vaughn have long since lost their luster . bummer .
it fits maybe a child but not grown up person
this horn is not the typical ah uga sound ! it really sounds like a goose ! not what i was lookinf for .
it can not fit very well , especially on conors . and there are discoloration very soon after have it on mac .
too light . it feels fake and not original . i am not satisfied with the product . not what expected from clarks .
i would not recommend this because it broke the first day i used it . it was very cheaply made . sad !
this isnt a book on data for reloading . . . . . . . . . . . .
i should have paid attention to the other reviews . this product barely gets warm . save your money . buy another product .
i am a sara douglass fan , but i found this book so boring i didn't even bother to finish it .
the box was smaller than expected and was missing one of the two yellow latch clips . it was very disappointing .
not nearly the quality i was looking for . too flimsy and not very pretty in real time . would not recommend
does not trim as close as expected . would not recommend at this time . woould th ink it would cut alot closer
sadly i cannot review this product based on functionality as it arrived broken , like many of the other reviewers stated .
not even arriana grande . horrible vocals . the man's voice is almost scary . don't recommend it is a bad cover at best .
there's no hint button and if you need help you have to get back on line . could you fix this ?
i did not like it . too slow and not enough free coins to start off only stars at best . low
very cheap
the book is boring and i stopped after pages . it makes me fall asleep . totally didn't like it .
starting about months ago this has been buggy with my yr old android phone .
i would have given it stars if possible . dries chalky and streaky . not worth the price .
i just had two of the tempered bormillo glasses explode in my face . recall this product !
not a good game . not what my kid expected .
awful book . cardboard characters , plot all over the place . no mystery solved in any way . totally wasted reading time .
worked for about weeks then suddenly stopped working one day . save your money and invest in a better product .
where is the rest of the book ? this is some bull i was just getting into it ! help please ? thanks
would not use this seller again . picture has a handle shipped without damaged badly
when opened package i was surprised . should have read reviews because sizes are as if your ordering for a child
they were smaller than advertised and the color was nothing like the photo posted in amazon . buy them somewhere else
amazing book . one of the best books i have ever read . kelly hashway did a great job writing the book .
i didn't even buy it becuz it is too much money . all u get do is dress a girl .
just one problem with the description , barbar is not german . it comes from brasserie lef egrave bvre in rebecq quenast , belgium .
x large us not made for women with thick legs above the knee . the material used is very good . thanks
ties ripped of within minutes .
wrong size poorly described . very disappointed . i will be reluctant to order anything in the near futuretake care . thank you very much . fm
we ordered tables , shipped separately . both tables arrived broken , even though the packaging was intact . we are very disappointed .
made for little kids . you dont even connect the dots . i wouldbgive it a star rating if i could
listen to it ! much too slow . like a record on speed disappointing . don't sell until it is repaired .
didn't work
stopped working after just week of using . i don't recommend anyone in buying this . just a waste of money .
cheap cheap material . you get less that what you paid for which says something . don' waste your time and money .
for the price , its ok but it tore when i put my phone in it
too small
i needed some refrence for my charcoal drawings , needed photos . was very unsatisfied when all i got was a story
first one i received was defective , amazon sent me a new one fast and without problems , thanks
nice hat . you sent wrong size ! will order again . low prices help a bit . and no fake s ever ! happy ok
i waisted didn't even connect to standard internet wish i'd never bought it giant paperweight don't by this pile
fans blow really softly , really no enough power to cool you off .
this movie is stupid and senseless . what a waste of time and talent !
i didn't like it . very simplistic writing and steriotypical charactres . don't care to say much but guess i have to
this is a cute product but , i buy it one month ago and rigth now one shoe is broked
how many gallons of alkaline water do you get from a gallon system before having to change the filter ?
neither of them worked with my canon mp printer . they ended up being a complete waste of my money .
functions great but tastes terrible . i like my water to taste like water , not plastic . going back to camelbak .
this product does not work ! it's just like a really tight shirt , it doesn't make you look any better .
does not work with motorola dcx m . it does not work at all . tried several times including power cycling the box .
i'm afraid a great artist should now hang up his spurs and enjoy old age while he still can enjoy , .
i sent the tom tom back it would'nt take address or sip . i bought a garmin w it is working fine
these head phones have nice music sound , but there are no lyric sounds to match the music . nothing but junk
this foam cushion couldn't keep my babies head firm , let alone my elbow on the console . nice picture , poor product .
bad
instead of naming the album mdna , maybe a better title should have been over , tired or complete and utter boredom .
sorry hate camron and all dipset this song is alright though now if only jules sdantana can get a hit .
not gold looking at all brook while i was trying it on !
not even kidding when i say it went straight into the trash can . not even worthy of a re gift ! lol
most flavors tasted good , but i didn't see any major changes in appetite . for me not worth the money .
i bought this only because it was really cheap but you get what you pay for . it does work though .
just plain gross . why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why ? nasty .
can't get it to work
cups where too big and the bottoms to too tight . such a pretty design just sad that it doesn't fit
chew it up in minutes
bic , go bac to the drawing board and take your mighty ball points with you . no thank you o k
don't do it !
junk . it has absoltely no value at all . my son even laughs at all the ridiculous , unintelligent information .
they don't glow my daughter was disappointed and really wanted this item . try a different kind next time maybe . thank you . nice though
ok product , but this was not the actual ped egg for men . it said professional on the side . disappointed !
have read it and found it to be rather boring book . quite a few repetitions and too much skipping about .
impossible to follow plot . maybe there isn't one ? don't understand why horses died in the filming . not worth dying for .
code no entre to my home zone , i dont know why . those message appear into my xbox console web site
fell apart the first time i wore it . very disappointing .
did no justice . the scratch is still there in the same mark has it was before . hate it ! hate it !
it is not bright colors ugly browns and blues . why do i have to write more for this review really ? really ? really .
bought it for my wife on doctor's recommendation . she hasn't gotten past the first five pages . it must be boring .
the outdoor sensor stopped transmitting on day two . purshased a digital outside temp monitor from walmart for . works fine .
this book was somewhat interesting in spite of the strong possibility that an editor did not review it for grammar .
zipper broke recently it was hardly used ! great idea but very poor quality . would not recommend at all
it was too narrow , i couldn't put in my foot . faili pay for a product that i cann't return .
these sandals are too cute but they are so hard that i can only wear them for about hours .
no suction power at all ! hardly enough to suck in a flea or anything period . don't waste you're money
this product extends a wireless booster with data uprade . it is not a standalone requires equipment from a previous installation .
not good keep your money scam not worth to open package . trash you can get better a car port sale junk junk junk junk junk
badly written , information taken from 'old' interviews , many 'facts' wrong , editing extremely poor ! all in all , a waste of money !
too dark and hard to see the items . not good for older eyes . i wish it were easier to use .
the item don't fit at all . i want to return the item .
amazingly , with in the description , i still thought it would be bigger . it's ok , but not finely cast .
not durable it worked for about two weeks and now it doesnt not happy i would not reccommend this product
gets very dirty quick would go with a different color does the job andprotects the ipod from breaking . thanks
total waste of money , don't waste your time with this , you are ultimatelybuying a fad name . i'll never buy it again
this is junk it do not work and its not in english the direction do not waste your time .
not up to her usual great job . but of course , i don't care for all of the bad language
no cumplio el nivel de calidad , hay que hacer muchos ciclos de limpieza , y cuando terminas ya no tienes tinta
this is a very sleek looking wine opener , but not so easy to use . we finally returned the opener .
both the left and right sides went out real fast , like within the week i got them . wouldn't recommend them .
i deleted it after minutes . i thought it would be like bejeweled , nothing close . not worth the down load .
i had to return it . my computer would not recognize the cable when i plugged it into the usb port .
not wide enough . toe box too small . foot become numb . redness on medial and lateral aspect of foot . cushioning adequate .
it made a mess on my computer . maybe someone else could use it but i didnot get anything from it
this video is so short , it's not worth even half the price . i do not recommend this product .
extremely poor quality . my year old brushes are times stronger . do not think it was real boar brush
although this product is listed as a pg version of the film , this is incorrect . the film is rated r .
this quot game quot is a time killer . it killed my time that i will never get back . horrid . unbeileveley bad . yuck .
it came in broken , i reported the problem , nothing has happened so far . what else can i write , it no good !
i will never buy honeywell again . it reads different temps depending on which setting it is on .
have a watt amp and headlights still flicker but bass does sound alotdfgadhhdhadhzsdfhghsghsfhfghfgh sdh zsdry dsrg drt asdrt
so so weak , no plot , no character development , no description , completely unbelievable . amazon is asking for eight more words , rubbish .
it sucks ! i have not even recieved the product and i ordered it over a month ago .
shit . this wiill not put your laptop picture on a tv . do not buy unless you enjoy throwing away money .
can't see the dvd as i am in region and the dvd is coded for region . great !
this thing does not work ! i am angry ! i highly recommend ishutter cable instead . don't waste your time bying this .
phone screen stopped working after ween . not very happy at all . total waste oh . dollars . replacement guarantee available ?
it works , just isn't very bright . my key chain light is more bright than the of these lights combined .
too much trouble to install . probably works well if you could get it on smoothly without hassle . three more words
i'm new to it , so i'll give it time , but it's not a comfortable start so far . not recommended , yet .
liked product until the hook and belt loop fell apart . no way to use this item without . used for short time . ?
leave it to the europeans honey ! jump very catchy , dancy song . one of the shorter tracks that could've been longer .
cheap quality piece of felt not worth money not at all what i was expecting . not even worth cost of shipping
first of all , she doesn't look this good at all . she is definitely airbrushed alot !
i felt stupid just for buying it . oh well .
the first battery i used in my weather device is almost deadafter monthsshould last a year at least
ok not great . would've given it stars if possible
there does not seem to be any control with the jumping . not very fun to play . i would not recommend .
the price is good but have already gone through two cases , because the didn't seal properly with the iphone s .
great power . very pleased
shorts are fine , except that there are no belt loops close to the front . this allows easy rollover when bending .
too small a filter unless you like weak coffee . i have moved back to using the my k cup reusable filters .
i'm not sure why these are listed as educational toys . they arrived exactly as described . very cute and as expected .
statement . do what the us government tells you to do or else .
it would be a great gift for a bridal shower , but not for actual use .
i rinsed the sheets before putting them on my bed . big huge faded spots are all over the sheets !
this is just another self help book . lots of them out there , if it speaks to you great , then enjoy
i found the fit of this top to be too boxy and totally unflattering . i returned it .
after few days it stopped working on my ipad , and iphone .
a non intuitive product which fails to pick up the players' direction .
it barely fits in the stand properly and it takes forever to charge , im just not happy with it !
i bought this hat for a trip to europe . it does not pack well . it totally lost its shape hardly crushable
i bought this and when i installed it in my at t phone , the airtime wasn't there . do not buy !
these are downright disgusting . stale , crumbled , etc . i couldn't finish one cookie had to return them . yuck , no thanks .
the elastic is cheap and will not stay up even with the draw string and material is also very thin
i didn't like this product , a lot of air bubbles after installed that couldn't be removed and never looked right .
a very confusing and disjointed plot i was most disappointed in the book and don t recommend it save your time .
horrible do not buy ! the way you put the batteries in is annoying and it sucks !
received them on and as i was trying to place in my ear the earring snap !
need replacement .
i purchased these cups and after only a week they started leaking . i would not recommend these cups to anyone .
borrow but don't buy . extremely disappointed . would like my money back .
this game did an update and no longer functions properly . what a pos . support not available . game unable to reload .
not a fan , but then it's math .
they arrived one sticked to other , most was already broken . i waste my money in this buy . cheap but it doesn't work .
this is very cheaply made it hard to handlethe long rohrersville so much betterdo not buy this product
looks nice but the drawer sticks . it may have worked if i put some dw on it . but shoot . really ?
the band immediately loses all velocity and power after shot do not buy it is a waste of money
not was i thinking about wish i knew it was small and that the red dot wasnt realy that good
good night please i need the traking this orden
does not work ! does not fit ! not worth the money , so dont order it . return it as soo as possible
it wouldn't let me watch tv at all ! it kept saying quot unable to play video quot and im like screw this !
not much good unless your draw is next to nothing . continually trips off .
donna leon's has written many splendid books . this is not one of them . it reads like a pot boiler . pity .
it doesn't fit the zte awe . don't waste your time out money . false advertisement . i was so disappointed in this .
if you're after the cliff notes version of attila's history , this is fine . if you want any depth , don't bother .
bag's hardware and zipper broke within a month and amazon will not accept return . i was ripped off .
disappointed . this is a really cute phone cover , but it doesn't fit the htc inspire as advertised . it's too small .
this book is based on excel errors and poor statistics ! these authors have inflicted terrible pain on europe and usa .
this is a very cheaply made and doesn't work as advertised . the only thing i found helpful was the return process .
when the adapter arrived , it was already broken . i have no idea how well it works because of this problem .
the merchant never delivered . ended up getting refund from amazon due to this . thank you , amazon !
as everyone else has said , it takes way too long and makes a giant mess . it's so not worth it .
don't even think of buying this , its really bad , doesn't even have a taste .
. pap about nothing in particular . . generic vs correcting error . could to anything and nothing . . a waste of time
looking for adult word games . this was not one of them . so i deleted it . i like free games occasionally
super cheep looking . and not what it looks like . was extremely disappointed . do not waste your money on this item .
my dog chewed through it in a matter of minutes . not durable at all .
weird stitching at the center bottom makes these holders inconvenient to use . wish i had not trried to order these .
worse microscope ever . does not work
it's not as puffy as shown , it still worked for my costume but not as well as i had hoped .
broke easy first day . do not buy . i thought it would be nice but it is not . it is horrible .
game play was horrible . not even worth .
i kind of feel like the next one should be free .
when it came i was very excited to hear my old songs again but halfway through the cd was scratched .
leaky . won't stay fully inflated more than give minutes . not worth the money to ship back for a refund . p . o . s .
when i used it it hurts n it gave me bumps and it wasnt worth the amount i paid ,
i just don't find it an easy game to play or continue with all the stops and talking and such .
the bowls i received are half the depth as shown barely any water food fits in it ! complete waste of money .
the face should be polished not scrubbed . scrubbing is for pots and pans . this product is very drying and harsh .
you have the wrong picture so i cannot even give it a review ! please fix it !
i have received . instead of . . unfortunatelly i am in europe right now sa exchange will be very difficult .
ad . is about italian thread count cotton queen pillow protector . but you are showing note books ! edit ads .
head popped of within first minutes of playing with it , which can be alarming to a year old .
i was literally six tins in a plastic bag that weren't even shiny anymore . so much for stocking stuffers .
although my order arrived on time , the mirror is absolutely useless . it is completely scratched up and distorts the light .
wildly innacurate when it did but for the most part this was a waste of time and money
it didn't have the curtains in the pattern ! it was way to pricey ! i will never order anything like that again !
it will not stick to wall . the safety grip falls off after minutes . i hate it ! want my money back
would not recommend this book . does not hold your interest . only buy it if you are obsessed with the financial world .
for a b movie it was not bad , just not good .
not worth the money spent . charges very slow . it takes a hold day for charge . defected product . do not buy !
you only get about turns . it is not fun at all . you do not get a lot of pries .
there's more writing than visuals . the visuals are simple drawings that don't really explain all the steps needed . it's confusing .
simplistic , not realistic . too goody goody . kept reading in hopes of a better outcome . two stars just for writing any book .
they lied when they said this product works or , it does not . i will be getting my money back .
not happy when it arrived it was the size of a handkerchief
i read with anticipation of excitement , but it never cane . my first berenson book may have been my last one .
it didn't break on day one , but day two ! don't waste your money ! bought it at khol's . piece of junk !
anna and dan what a cute story . i would be interested in reading more of this series by katie crabapple .
ummm i don't know some of them they are hard . i don't know if i like it or not .
terrible i stopped reading after about pages . there was no story line to follow .
i have bought other carhartt thar were sized correctly butthese were not true to size . ran about size smaller
this book sounded really intriguing , but i just couldn't get through it ! i hope others have better success .
had to return the pair one came very broken . unfortunately , not very attractive rather industrial looking .
there is nothing new in the entire book ! honestly , wolfram needs a psychologist , not a publisher .
this is so tasty but has way too much sodium for me . not good for people on low sodium diet .
i was disappointed in this sheet set . very thin material with a weird feel to them . would not buy again .
very salty for me , i will never get them again , i wish i knew it . i gave them away to somebody .
same pics over and over maybe good for year olds . seems to be very redundant and unchallenging boring
the game wouldn't stay on it would freeze or simply close out . i would not recommend this game to anyone .
poor quality , slippery and attracts lint ! took for ever to get here ! this case is slicker than the phone itself !
the remote s crap and counterfeit . don't buy it . it's better to spend the extra bucks at best buy .
never got his item and paid for it . why am i being chaged if i never got this ? not good
colors don't work all red ink comes out as yellow , for example . black is the only color that prints well .
this did not work with our television and wii . it seemed as though the connectivity was not strong enough . bummed out ,
messy , greasy because of the petroleum jelly . not my style .
we are new users to the android marketplace but even we knew how to do everything in this book !
the band did not hold for very long when i out it on my head . the rubber band came off
shaun rogers , you need a spell checker . wtf did you just say ?
thought there would be more after reading felt like there was something lacking . enjoyed what it did have to offer .
really good book , a lot of information very useful , easy to read and understand . good content . , easy to follow , good for communications classes
it arrived and when i opened it , the white powder was cracked and loose . i was disappointed .
it stayed up for minutes . if you want it to stay , you better get some screws and a drill .
i was extremely disappointed with this book . i do not know enough negative words to describe it !
not happythe band is very stiff and too long . there are no instruction as to ow shorten the band
it was loud and uncomfortable the best part was the rabbit ears . when buy it make sure u have lubricate .
game was to hard to play . no tips to see what you were suppose to do to play the game
horrible after taste
when i got cell phone case the rubber was scretch out and didn't snug my phone . very dissipionted !
smaller in size than i had thought they would be and also thinner . although they had beautiful shine to them .
have to jillel the end to make them connect . plus i thought the cd rom was ac dc . so i was double disapointed
was fun while it lasted . ran for a couple hours and then died . save your money . this thing is garbage !
i am still trying to wrap my head around this book don't do it to your self not worth it .
strips tear the momemt you try to pull them . its the worst product ever . really bad productwill never suggest
it does not have to be that long to tell that story . i did not finish it . it moved slow .
this horrid story should be very appealing to psycopaths and sexual deviants . utterly revolting and pointless .
you could press the numbers in any sequential order and it will open . it doesn't register the same number twice .
i was real disappointed in this product i love the color , but it never stayed snapped or on my computer
it is a worthless massager . it is not that powerful ! not worth to spend a money on this !
looks good , but no sound . at least , for my untrained lips . would have been a plus to also haved offeeed a stand
i don't like this wallet . the picture was not so accurate . i was very disappointed . but i thank you anyway
not as good as the other books in the series .
and remembermonster
one wash resulted in frayed wash cloth . what poor quality . let the buyer beware !
very poor quality , heads are not round . many flat spots . there is no way to get accurate reading with these .
game did not properly install and cannot be played . can't find my receipt so now i'm stuck with it . sucks
i thought i would be able to use this in my intel macpro , but no dice .
each letter wants to peel off separately . this is not your common peel and stick . wouldn't recommend at this price .
this case doesn't fix my phone . i have to remove the otter part charge my phone . definitely an inconvenience .
just not sharp enough . does not cut well ! i could not recommend this product . it is a poor quality tool .
this book is merely the same thing as the invisible boy , only the uk version . not worth buying !
this story line was fun for a while but it's getting tired
just was not a sturdy made easel . not for a painter . compact though . just didnt like it at all but .
don't ship well , tops were melted and replaced by amazon twice all the same . but them is sam's or costco .
i didn't expect the shiny material and some inconsistency in the weave .
the blade cuts skin every time . the oa size listed is not the size given . cheap metal used . not recommended !
i have a hardy little dog , but not hardy enough for this dog food . diarrhea everywhere . do not buy , yuck .
although the arm extends and tilts satisfactorily , it is very heavy . intended to install tv on our rv . no go .
horrible didn't fit , never got a refund .
it doesn't suck up much dirt nor dust . also , it needs to be charged every few minutes . epic fail !
like playing this game but when it says to update and i try it i get nothing ! fix it soon !
this is a terrible movie after watching it i wished i had not wasted the time .
case does not protect the edges of the phone wellgets dirty very very easilywould not recommend this item .
love that this is organic , but it really dries out my hair . smells great . but there is a matching conditioner .
this game was boring . if i was able to give it a rating lower than star i absolutely would .
i did not like this product . it didn't charge my phone fast and it broke right after i got it .
was good for around a month then it just disintegrated
it broke and i only had it for one week . nothing to do with amazon . it was microsoft stupid wires
pants were not true to size . the were also not long enough . the waist band was very uncomfortable to me
it really works like they say it does . covers the spot you need to cover .
this product does not come with big enough straps to fit an average flag pole . it also does not work .
there is no size listed anywhere . no one should buy this without knowing the size . king , queen , full , twin , other ?
we need more something to contact their site . only simple and basic . actually we only look through this book , than ok .
yup , it started peeling less than hours after i put it on my phone .
the app never installed correctly . it would not open or run . this was a waste of memory on my phone .
not practical too much work and time as have to duplicate game . not worth it tor me . not using it .
description says works with the iphone git does not . big disappointment
crashes after title screen on both my lg optimus v and my motorola triumph . what a shame , it looks fun .
its cheaply made , product is very poor quality , hard to fix in place , sponge tore right away . not worth the money .
not well written ! too much about the author and not enough about growing up in a small town . ! no thanks !
this item is a second rate production and not of much value , compared to other similar products .
these looked and felt very cheaply made , and were not very durablethey did not serve my purpose
too predictable . some of the language australian setting was a bit hard to follow . read it for a book club .
did not like this product . the cushions were cumbersome and shifted out of place
i agree with mimo this was the worst book i have ever read . totally unbelievable , completely insane .
i was very disappointed poor quality . have paid . for same . runs small . dull letters . nothing special . would not recommend . giving to charity . description is misleading . buyers regret here .
it's like a chat with someone over tea as to how to solve the problems of the world .
characters are ridiculous . especially tenesse's . hopefully they do not continue making more if these , it would ruin zombieland for me
can't win without paying real money , so there no point to play it . poor setup to trick you into paying
i would really like to know the size of the planks befor i buy them .
very cheap would not purchase this item it arrived broken because it is so thin it couldn't handle snail mail
boring . phony , slow , bad ending . more george , less bullocks buttocks , would have saved it . one star is a stretch .
the output on the one i got was only v . had to return it . construction quality seemed pretty good though
it was a little disappointing
thought this was the worst cross i have read not a believable story and not a lot of suspense
this product did not work at all . very cheaply made . i should have checked the reviews before buying this wire
the price of crack ? ! lyric changes are stupid . this version differs from the original . clearly the instrumentation was updated . poorly .
the picture is so dark i can't see anything but brown . i would like some color differences . waste of money .
i still haven't gotten this set up . gave up after frustration of minutes of not being able to connect .
i could not get into the story at all so after about fourth of it i just quit . not good .
i didn't not receive product as described , instead it was a web cam . but for what can you expect .
don't get me wrong . it works , but i rarely use it and now it constantly flickers like a strobe .
come on jenny mccarthy , you're not really that famous . stop trying to make it happen . it's never going to happen .
good idea but the characters were never fully developed . it was hard to care about any of the main people .
worthless . do not waste your money on this junk as it does nothing at all .
the bracelet came broken in pieces . it is very cheap , basically crappy junk . i would not recommend to anyone !
worked for about weeks . and then it stopped working . never order this . ! and it wasnt the battery . dont buy
the i pad charges breaks faster
i love having a mandoline but the blades on this one are very dull barely functional . are there replacement upgraded blades available ?
as one reviewer said , i must hold trigger down to keep it heated , the blade is not what i expected .
wouldn't buy again . it won't center between my legs , it tilts in a way that is difficult to operate properly .
after monthes doesn't work anymore . can't send it back because i buy it to be used in dominican republic , so .
had issues with this memory card , my computer was not able to recognize it . sandisk model sdsdqua g a a worked better for me .
this book did not include the on line access required by professor . that additional purchase made it a bad investment .
the hat is too small ! and the quality is very bad ! not beautiful ! i will never buy this for girls .
not able to get it to function completely in vist home premium . service from mfg . was a waste of time .
it gives false hr readings . i have tried all the suggested ways to ensure a proper reading . even replaced batteries .
did not work
new panasonic tv's use bluetooth not infared . advertisement was misleading should have defined applicable models and caveats with new models .
i don't like it , not safety for senior .
when product arrived , the light up feature did not work . still good as a clown nose though .
a good movie if you like to read then its a great dvd if not then don't buy !
i really should have just got a charger for battery . i have to stay pluged in with this adapter . ml
this book did provide any detailed information of the craft that i was looking for . very general .
this product is bad . don't buy it . on the first wash , it will come apart .
more than half already broke ! not a good product
not what i expected . i ended up throwing the thing away . good thing it was only bucks i guess
i don't know what is going wrong . if it worked i'd probably like it i like the ones i do have .
very cheap quality .
the usb cords do not fit the iphone as advertised .
could not even get the up ! do not know if they fit or not . idid like the look of them .
why did we have mess with it ? the stories are imaginative and entertaining but repetitive . strong characters well thought out .
after using for about a month or two the seams are busting but other than that it works just fine
after reading the horror stories on this post . i'll look at other software for my business mac . thanks for the posts .
i orderd this book month ago , but i don't receive the book and any emial until now . i'm so angry .
this product was damaged and chipped and the products should checked before sent to customer . will not buy anything else .
horrible . makes the latest 'die hard' look like 'the godfather'
yet celene dion has the same one out
i was so excited to try this product . it works a little better than cheep vegetable oil . i was extremely disappointed .
poor picture quality and sound . i was expecting something better from motorola but this product did not filled my expectations .
battery will not charge past . it is junk , i will be returning this item . hopefully their return is good .
it was not my kind of movie . i guess i thought it would be more like pretty woman . it wasn't .
my ipad kept freezing up , it didn't really work
i used the whole thing up in one spot and the tag is still there . its a waste of money .
package arrived today with champagne stoppers . one oif the was in several pieces inside the package . totally useless .
amazon needs to get better games these are the worst games in the worldcom ever ever get this app thanks
the plot had a very interesting concept but there were too many major and important plot threads unexplained and unresolved .
le doy una puntuacion baja . por que a la semana de estarlo usando se partio el broche de la correa .
very poor quality . the bullets didn't stick to it at all .
wrong case
this product is very greasy .
could not find index to look up any chapter . it is very difficult to use it .
this book is so boring i hated it because it had no plot to it
super cheap looking and it's just horrible don't waste your money
i loved it i war it to my tree house it was funny and cool ana dumb i didn't likeit
very boring . i had to stop reading halfway through . do not waste your money . the plot is underdeveloped and ridiclous .
the nozzle packet was not included in the delivery and xantrex is making it difficult to get it .
ordered this for christmas about weeks before it never came before or after , never had any response , very disappointed .
i sent this item back sorry , too flimsy
came damaged in the mail . looked like it had been burned and only the pearl part was left
this was a total waste of money ! gimmick is all i can say . keep away from this item . huge thumbs down !
the cushions did not work for me . when i walked pads moved around due to moisture . must try something else .
it needs to be further specified which models this fits . not mine .
would have liked more of link to first books
we've had this device for two weeks . it doesn't work . at all . not one ray of light has it produced .
this app is huge . i plan to delete it . i had to remove stuff to be able to download it .
not long enough and i am short
i thought this book included recipes as well . it would have made this so much more what i needed . just my opinion
i did not get this cd since six weeks and no christmas is over and this is not correct ! i
dry dry dry ! i usually love these , but they're old !
this is essentially the same score as the previous film , which was itself just a rehash of the lotr score .
i never really got the chance to wear it because i just found out i'm allergic to nickle
the quality was nice but the sections were too short and my flatware would not fit so it was returned .
parker is not the respected name it used to be . don't buy this cent pen . chinese junk for sure .
dreadful translation barely intelligible . also carelessly printed . like a high school project from a c student .
it was not compatible with my hp pavillion a n product number px aaserial number mxf r year or model
it leaked through the packaging and i lost a lot of the shampoo !
i didn't realize i had to buy the issues of the magazine . i deleted the app within minutes . it sucks .
didn't get the game , pr i can't find it . don't know if i like it
just got this . battery doesn't work at all , and charge light doesn't come on . would probably be good if it worked .
not sturdy . wheels keep falling off . cannot use for my intended purchase . had to buy another product . waste of money .
this product was terribly undersized , therefore i will not order clothes again . there should be a better guide for this .
was not my favorite . could have been longer and it just needed more , so all in all it was horrible .
it looked worn and faded .
this gun was a piece if junk it broke first time loading it . i was very disapointed about this gun
headphones are fake . do not buy . they sound terrible and are not the same quality .
did not like the movie much , was under the empresition that the movie would have been better actors were poor .
starts to flicker after a weekk or so
it does not stay long and it doesnt thread i dont like this product and bends real easy hate it
i didn't like the fact that it doesn't sing the entire alphabet , it stops at g when singing the abc's
when i went to install these hub caps the first three cracked and split , so i will be returning these .
a little on the thin side for floatation even for average sized person , quite a few manufacturing blemishes on them .
this is a very good book , can't wait to order the next book to see what happens next . great job !
there is no weight in the handle for it to make a good chefs knife . would not recommend this product .
some interesting case studies and observations but not the most revolutionary book around sustained change that i have ever read !
wouldn't hold a charge returned .
this is a terrible book to try to learn internet programming . it is loaded with typos and code errors .
it was broke no sound and no external headphone jack it was knocked of the mother board . broke broke broke
the material of this dress should have been thinner and softer , not flattering and too thick , photo is over rated
the piece on the front broke off in days i was not very happy
battery goes dead faster than the oe batterywont last all day total waste of moneynot much of an extended battery
hate repeating statements over and over again . not a thorough review and documentary . get bored after few episodes . not recommended
good
i must have gotten the stock from years ago . the ones were blotchy and do not write very well .
very cheaply made , super light weight . feels like a piece of plastic . not worth the buy . don't waste your time .
three times i ordered this kit and three times the batteries were dead ! plesae ship with good batteries ! i want good batteries . !
most of them broke when i got them , and others shortly after .
this book teases with sex but the premise is absurd . it got boring very quickly . i cannot recomend this book
i am very interested in electronic music , but this record was a bit head banging . repetitious and a little dull .
ba plot , confusing story . acting was ok . wife fell asleep watching if that tells you any thing . would not reccomend
bulky . in the goodwill pile .
its sux not good at all glad it was free dont ask me to upgrade will not recomend have a great day pete thank you
this product is slow and don't work to scan . it's is dificult to install . for share only printer is ok .
bird is ok . can't use as a gift because the box is in terrible condition ,
this rice cooker had clicking noise during cooking , rice over cooked , had been return to seller .
it smells like pure alcohol , made me sick to my stomach , so i use it to spray for odors . uh
really didn't see any results except it made my tummy soft i wouldn't order again or recommended it to anyone
no stylus received .
tip too stiff . left scratches on my tablet . not recommended .
doesnt work well on my kindle fire . the piano keys either don't work or work only after a very long delay
i tried this for months religiously , and it did nothing . definitely not worth the price . don't waste your money .
battery worked when i first put it in but after a few days it died . very unsatisfied with this purchase .
this is not what they say it is . its different pencils i would reccomand going to walmart and getting them there !
the book is to short to me . not good . it's not long at all . i didn't like it at all .
it was not the quality i had ordered prior and kept it in case the one i have breaks .
way too much completely useless information . other aarp materials have been great , just not this one . more words required
this might work in an urban area with lots of signals but is virtually useless in extremely remote rural areas .
not the same desire i have at home the scent is very weak not like the real cologne , very disappointed
scent didn't stay on too long . i may have wrong body chemistry ? tried other philosopthy products and they are pretty good .
what that guy said . this is a rip .
very poor for a deluxe edition the sleeved packaging sucked and all dvd sleeves were unstuck . disks were everywhere inside .
the product was delivered on time and the smell is not bad but it has not helped in breast enlargment
it will not work on my macif my they have one that does , send it my way . tiger woods
i was very angry when i received the wrong socks and will be very skeptical before ordering anything ever again
the pen was dry when it arrived . i bought it for a friend and felt bad when it was opened .
it doesn't work
arrived with broken glass . was a mess to clean it up . i would not recommend this item for any body .
this book was well written and very interesting . however , i was not prepared for the graphic nature of the events described .
not a fan of these recipes . wish i wouldn't have downloaded this book . lots of recipes but not to great .
useless and can harm your cellphone mine broke and mobile fell down leaving scratches on it now
i received the watch winder but it didn't work so i'm returning it .
they did not catch the mouse . the mouse might touch the trap lightly and know that it is dangerously sticky .
battery did not hold charge after seven holes .
another mislabled product . the description gave the impression that this was a saunders movie . got it . tossed it .
didn't help me from getting over heated . i think it just blocks the very vented helmets . prefer the neck bandana .
i returned since the handle on the lid fell apart first day . it was cute but seems cheaply made unfortunately .
i used this product as directed and i did not get any results . i am very unhappy with this product .
i like smaller towels for the gym , but these are already shredding and falling apart . they make good expensive rags .
does not provide any protection . popped of and broke the first time i dropped it . would not recomend to anyone .
chocolate was old . had a whitish tint . very disappointed since it was a gift . will not buy this chocolate again .
seemed package was opene or a return itemwas not newi want to return thiswhy do i need to say more
the app loaded on my kindle but will not open . ugh ! how will amazon resolve this issue ? waiting to hear .
doesnt seem to be very accurate . digital readout difficult to keep up with . analog tach much easier to read , .
keeps giving me infected hair follicles . i have tried using it multiple times , i will just stick to baking soda .
it looks good in pictures but not the actual fabric . very disappointed . i do not recommend at all .
after connecting the wii to a hd tv , the color is off and washed out . very disappointed .
as an ashtray it works fine as smokeless ashtray not even close , this product is a complete waste of money .
couldn't install as delivered . leaked . used parts from old valve and did get modified valve to work properly .
it works great i'm sure , however came with no instructions ! we had no idea what was positive or negative .
it started leaking a gel like substance in the humidifier within a week . i doubt it's an original manufacturers equipment
these produced very little light . i have many other flameless candles that produce way more light . i sent them back .
this just stinks . so disappointed maybe songs worth crap on this cd . don't waste your money
kind of lame and simple , no real challenge , script is bland , didnt give it less because st leadt they tried
the worst book i have ever read . honestly , it s an insult to one s intelligence . don t waste your time .
this book is really boring . i am sorry , do not like this one . i am looking for something more engaging .
has only a translation of the text by sankara . of the book is untranslated commentary .
bought three of them . one wouldn't even fit over the old connector , the other two just didn't work at all
for the price the mat should be larger . does not cover a large enough area
only downloaded part and will not finish or delete
one size does not fit all unless you shop in the junior section . also dress looks more like a costume .
i followed the instructions and didn't see a difference . it was a waste of money . i would not recommend it .
i assumed that closed captions would be available , as it usually is . it was not . i could not hear it .
does not fit as described !
not what i expected . should be louder than it is for the price . wil get another product . good for small area's
if you're buying this for an adult they arent lined with anything and they barely fit a year old .
except for the foul language and sexual situations it's has nothing you need a brain for . don't need another season .
doesn't work at all .
the phone's battery is not good , after full charged on phone i can't talk even minutes . other all are ok .
i hare it because there's to much china words . its confusing when you try to type in a word . stupid
when i received this package , i received it cracked yuml tilde iexcl yuml tilde iexcl yuml tilde iexcl dont buy it . it sucks so badly , i say don't buy .
just buy some rechargable ni metal hydride rechargable camera batteries and a charger and you don't need this thing .
very very unsatisfied w this ! with a decade of using raw shea , this was disspointing product . would not reccomend this product .
horrible , is not the correct screen . suction cup doesn't work , honestly wish i could have my money back . horrible product
after using it while running for two weeks with my iphone the constant movement causes the wire to break .
extremly overpriced given that the individual pieces were misprinted and miscut .
this movie was a waste of time creating . it was poorly done and i would not recommend others to watch .
one of the balls on the bottom was broken off when i received it , so it obviously wont sit flat .
they sent me a record care kit i mean how stupid do you have to be to mix that up
don't waste your money . such a stupid movie . not worth the . . too bad because i normally love james franco .
really cheaply made . broke the first time we used it . nothing else to say about that . don't buy it ! uggghhhh !
i'm a graphic designer and i know horrible art when i see it . that doesn't even resemble tom cruise either .
sad story , needs professional editing to shorten
these covers are very tiny so do read the microphone as in lapel miscrophone . it is not for regular microphones .
too limited , can't expand or zoom in so one cannot read the text on the map or actually use it .
couldn't even finish the movie it's so bad .
i got seasick half way through and stopped reading , it started off with promise but dissolved quickly from there .
nice case fit good lengthwise but width too short because case can not close properly .
i received this cd as desired , on the date i expected , but the disk was blank !
no , to this game no one plays it , it was never watched yet , so planning on deleting it from tablet
below average taste . packaging tends to heat quickly and melts while noodles take awhile to get to the right temperature .
this is the biggest pile of nu metal crap ive seen since linkin park .
never could get this item to work properly . guess it was me . got rid of it .
so stupid . i taught i can watch my shows anywhere . it read my ipa when i'm traveling . i will cancel my account .
this isn't as cute in person as it is online , to me , personally . it also runs very small . i was just disappointed .
product came fairly damaged during shopping process . paperback was weak and led to pages falling out as i read .
it showed up as a corrupted file and wouldn't open . i like slate using the browser . this was a disappointment .
disappointed in sees quality , would have expected better quality of candy and flavor . next time perhaps go to store direct .
the basket splintered after weeks of use . it was not as sturdy as i expected . would not buy again .
when speaking into the phone with the case , other people could no hear you . it muffles when people are listening
this game sucks . i want my money back
this was not as presented . it showed the dell name on the battery . this was not the case . performs poorly . same old chinese junk .
buttons broke down in a glass of coca cola . do not buy it . i can not fix and return it .
i can't open this up . why don't you download it to my kindle so i can read it . thank you .
wrong title for this product . describe a ring , but shows organic apple sauce . someone at amazon needs to corret this .
the old english was a bit slow to read . k ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok .
this did not fit my mazda . don't buy . should have read the reviews before purchasing .
the vapor it produces as a strange , pungent odour . skip it .
two nights of them being outside and seven already don't work . we've had a great sun both days
works but the quality is real bad , the image is too blurry , sound is bad . i would not recommend this
i loved this book ! i liked every story in this book ! it was scary but good at the same time !
no instructions . did not say that you had to solder this . very disappointed . will be returning ! please be more clear for people !
this product had a cheap look and and appears to be cheap quality . probably not protecting the phone very well .
worst product ever and i could not return it .
useless it does not work with bose soundock . do not buy if you are planning use it with bose systems
dog destroyed it in days
i think it is very expensive ! i can get it at local indian or chinese store for in california .
redundant . predictable . hardly suspenseful . i could wait until the end . and i did . and i did . and i did . and .
the image was so blown up very pixaly . very upset deserves stars
i would not recommend this book state of wonder to anyone . i finished it , but it was painful to do .
it really makes my hair flat .
worked for a week then having problems , now doesn't work at all ! piece of junk !
i did not see that this book contained only pages . about pages of content and that's about it .
this didn't even stick after hours of application . ended up in the trash . don't waste your money on this .
did everything i could think of to make it work . just not designed for windowsxp bit
this book is a very good book that helps you understand life better . my son loved itmy daughter loved it
completely went dead after minutes of use . what ? such a waste of money . do not buy this , it won't last long .
shirt has sleeves that are way too small . shirt looks better online than in actual person . buyer remorse right here .
the product doesn't work ! i tested on my phone and it didn't recognized it . i want my money back soon
the dvd is very poor quality . i realize this is an old film , but the picture is very low quality .
i did not like . deleted after trying to use . difficult to figure out and not what i expected at all .
hmmm . dvd ? i tought we were at blu ray right now with k bdxl around the corner .
the design started to rub off after weeks would not but this item again because the design comes off .
most of this book contains recipes . i don't need more recipes , but ideas for homemade gifts . a waste of . !
i thought the description was for an automatic knife . the description was somewhat vaguethis is standard flip open design
this toy stinks what a waste of my money
i use just couple weeks . display is ok . i think play ok . but no sound . in can not send signal to fm radio .
this product does not have any warranty , nor does the company offer any replacement parts .
it would not download . i got a refund . not worth the headache .
not fullscreenbad qualityand missing episodes th eacute finale expensiveshouln't be on bluray . its lame , expensive , tv logo in corner . wtf
really enjoyed this book . however , i was surprised with the ending . nice easy read . this was my first david bishopnovel .
the color is not as pictured . it is a grey not a royal blue .
the vent mount broke , the dash mount mount stay mounted , and the handles don't grip the phone well .
it doesn't work whenever you try to play it sends you back to home i want my money back
so much smaller than led to believe . it was a waste of time . only good for fondant use . oh well !
sending it back is just too much of a hassle . but someone else gets to enjoy it . one . two . three .
had a hard time figuring it out . maybe it's just me and i need tolearn my tablet a bit better .
there needs to be a regesture option
horrible . . tore up after weeks . strings also broke . just my encounter . im a forklift truck driver
don't buy this if you plan to use it for running . it has nothing to hold the pack in place .
this chain is way too think for my husbands liking ! great quality , just not what he had in mind ! bummer !
i do not even know what it is like . the dunk thing won't load . i hate it . it is stupid .
it rips by the belt loop unfortunately , have had to sew it twice , too bad because the case works great
same thing as the others . it worked and then was really inaccurate ! don't buy this scale ! you won't be happy !
it did not work at all ! it did not work at all ! it did not work at all !
the quality of the paracord was good . but i was expecting it to be one continuous strand . instead it's two
the only one of the three that worked was the computer attachment . the car or the wall charger never worked .
it is not what i had in mind . it is a bit slow and not easy for me to use .
it was too bulky . did not fit the phone . child like , i would not recommend this to anyone . absolutely ugly .
these boots were not made very well and run at least a size too small i returned them
too long a story , not enough pictures on the same page as the words , year old bored with the story
poor quality , don't recommend it . you get what you pay for . i am now trying to sell this at work .
it was the same as a differently titled dvd so a waste of money since i had the other dvd
this item does not retain heat as well as an identical oggi linea thermal carafe i purchased two years ago .
could not download . i dont understand whats the problem . this is a digital copy but i am still waiting lol
it plays but you hear a pretty loud sound like a train going over tracks . no need to buy this .
we don't know how to use certain features because we cannot read the instruction card . it is in chinese characters
dont feel these are worth the money they are really small . not only that but they were not good prizes
too cumbersome . made phone almost impossible to use . had to discard it .
not a pleasure to read . disappointing . i expect better of mr . baldacci . the characters and situations were stale , trite and hackneyed .
poorly written continuity bad . not a good read ! kept waiting for it to get off the ground . never did .
price reflects quality . poor sound quality , no features , not that easy to use . don't waste your money
overpriced
it was not what i expected , so i bought something else . i probable works will , but wasn't what i wanted .
was so short i am not sure if i would read or of these books again that it's my summary
terrible .
didn't even show up with the earpiece that is pictured on box .
the paint chips on the case the second day . its not durable . it cracks easily and i dnt like it
way over priced for what you get barley heard audible sounds . can not recommend this product for the price .
the rifle looks fine , but there isn't enough air power , something just isn't right . we were disappointed in the product .
to thin to form . glue went every where . dont buy these if you have fat fingers . so only one star . k
i had to spend the same amount of money fixing a tuning problem on the guitar and changing the strings
great while it worked . the blade fell out after uses . don't waste your money .
doesn't work , everything is connected right , but still couldn't get anything . but i thank u for the time and affort .
after cutting the key , the locksmith was unable to program the transponder to start my car . not happy about that .
product doea not work properly half the time so only a couple of the games can be played at all .
it is entirely too small to read ! save your money and get a much better one in a tube station .
to much bad language !
it was a bad product , it didn't work . it didn't work of new supposedly , i had to buy another , bad decision .
this product is lousy . wax is cheap and the pads are a waste of time . they rip immediately . very disappointing .
to much unneeded nudity . story line not clear , no back ground on the characters or circumstances . don't waste your time
if you want something to scare you into all things dismal . watch this . plenty of half truths mixed in with passion .
thinner than my hair at age , and not nearly as attractive . terrible product . expensive doesn't always mean good quality .
handle pull off first go ! had to repair before could use . looks like the tried some sort of weld , failed
they are too small for a regular size penis , you have to be shave otherwise will hurt a lot .
hard to read . electro luminescent with afterglow barely lights up . cheap feel to watch . i ended up returning .
i never got it . where is it . when will it be coming . will it come in the mail or what .
i gotta say i was expecting more in the story lines . i only really enjoyed books . i feel cheated .
some parts too full of extraneous detail that did not really contribute much to the story . just not interesting enough .
had to return item , it was very cheap looking material was like paper and way too small . disappointed big time
hard to find item . glad i found it . low rating for the shipping time . took a month to receive .
i was sent the wrong size .
flowers were cracked and bent . flowers keep unpeeling from wall . followed application directions . very disappointed in this product . do not recommend !
i loved that this book was set apart from the erotic novels , yet it was still a joy to read .
worst show ever !
the case and the screen protectors , also purchased from same vendor , do not fit one another thus , can't use either .
this hot chocolate was bland , no taste at all , will not order this again . i got a refund for this .
you are not able charge your phone will it is in this case my charger can not fit in it
it is not easy to attach and not very good at slicing . get a real food processor instead .
it's not that good , the focus is so bad . i don't recommend it , small screen and not clear
should have said it only works with older pebble watches . this doesn't work with the steele .
the case seemed to get in the way of some things i do on my cell . so have it away
give me check boxes and i'll fill out or don't bother asking . however , this product sucks . four more words right ?
not orginial equipment had to return
this device is highly problematic and extremely difficult to use . in short , i hate it .
useless indoors
was a boy
the situations that the characters are in are not believable and it's all a little too far fetched for me .
i see nothing . taste terrible . i wont recommend them to anybody . waste of money i think and time sorry
it was ok . love the beat . lil wayne has little to no skill . he relys on punch lines to oftenly
it is not amber lighting . it's orange . perfect for halloween decor or similar . not for romantic lighting in my gazebo .
this package arrived postage due . . within one hour of use , the hook is showing signs of stress fractures . unhappy .
the camera doesn't work . and now the power won't stay on unless the device is laid flat and stays still .
the ipad is not secured and falls out or slides to the bottom when standing up . definitely not worth purchasing .
waste of money , its not working . i received it dead . how is posible you send a watch in bad conditions . disapointed
very slow start . the story takes place in the 's . didn't like the story , had to fight to finish it .
not worth the ads to play a game of solitaire there aren't any options to the game itself either .
this pillow has an awful odor that will not come out . almost like a chemical smell would not buy again .
it leaks after only two weeks of purchase . it leaks on my porch and will eventuraly attract bees and ants
dear manufacturer , the colors are upside down . st yellow , nd blue , lastly red . from , all colombians ecuadorians venezuelans . p . s . research before displaying .
plugged it in to charge and got fast flashing error . just out of the box . i returned it right away .
this is one of very few books i didn't finnish . i found the authors writing style immature and self absorbed .
i have a very difficult time making this work well for most books . i don't like it at all .
great game . but it's been forever and no update to the game . the android market has the update . what gives ?
don't care for this game
doesnt charge for some reason lights turn on for second then go off . maybe mines just a dud haha
good service , but did not say size of item ! sorry i had to return it
hard to type with the mirror on the phone . also , the screen would not lock with the cover on there .
very very crude . useless to me . i was thinking erotic romance not porn . was good for a few laughs though .
it is the coolest thing , too bad it doesn't fit on any sink ! now what ? oh well . failed purchase .
this story didn't meet my expectations of the usual michael connelly books , sad to say . rather disappointed with this purchase . sorry
not going to buy every version ever just like the studio wants give us the extended edition or nothing !
i used to like this series but i moved on and realized is was a horrible and dumb book series
very disappointed ! it was so not what was described or shown in the photo on line and i immediately returned it .
doesn't wrap around handle bars . very cheap plastic . the case part seems decent though , could probably withstand a fall while riding .
i think it is a grate game for kids teens and adults you should really try it and good luck
would not stay on my shoes at all
it is almost and microsoft wants you to put batteries in your controller . what ser they thinking ? epic fail !
i don't get the whole cedar wrap thing . i would not recommend these . maybe it's just me .
bought less than a year ago and is already broken , worthless junk !
very cheap plastic . belt clip is junk . don't buy .
who in the world wear purple . that's the worst color they could of sent to me . i prefer black of gray . not purple !
i was disappointed that this book was more about the club scene than about serious food .
sex sex sex and silly plot with no good story to tell . boring and disappointed
i thought i was buying the dvd and i found now way to return the digital format . not too happy .
i purchased this for a friend and was told the brushes literally fell apart with in a few weeks very disappointed
i liked more of the games in the touchmaster collection than this rd edition .
pathetic acting . the leading man could hardly say his lines . waste of a half hour . surprised i lasted that long .
hard to fly , very fragile and battery life is less than practical . i would recommend another choice , maybe fixed wing .
book was unavailable for sale but was advertised as available .
this product didn't fit the models they said . good thing there were cheap . i threw them in trash . good thing they were cheap
man this thing sucked so badly that if i sucked this app would be sooooooo retarded that u would die
the saw arrived fine but i never received a stand . it was supposed to come separately , but never arrived . beware !
until i get a firmware update allowing common google tv sites to work , stays at one star .
rupture in first time she wore .
fragile and delayed shipping . not what i was expecting .
lord of the flies meets battlestar galactica ? sort of ? only watched the pilot . just didn't see anything original . do over !
boring very predictable not much in story or writing skills a disappointment and waste of time and money too bad
i paid for it for the shipping , it was a waste of money !
the book is really great and the title sounds really weird but it can be a nice book okay my
this t shirt is too small . i've work a men's size large for years . this shirt is more of a small medium .
was disappointed with the game not very creative . a three year old could do way to easy for anyone older
nothing elegant about this dance . it was a bust
i am shopping for a case that turns off my tablet . i wake up to a dead battery a lot .
there is a bad problem in writing to these discs . even several dvd software programs warn against using them .
i couldn't go to its end , it's garbage ! completelly agree with other reviewers who considered it trash . do not go for it .
don't even bother . it's stupid and ridiculous . just the ramblings of a crazy man who is really not so bright .
placed this order through pcresource on paid for it already too and it has not shown up yet .
alexander dumas is a genius . this collection is absolutely not . my advice find a collection you can navigate more easily .
these pants did nothing for my body . they felt a bit flimsy for the price . i had to return them
the watch not accurate , every week almost , you need to correct the watch . worthless watch . do not buy this watch
read on if repetitive language , obvious plot inconsistencies or grammar and spelling mistakes on almost every page don't bother you .
absolutely boring reading . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
i will be returning this soon . this does not massage at all , it just vibrates . do not buy this product .
i don't mind books dealing with christianity but this was a little over the top . it was like reading the bible .
they break in a matter of days . don't waste your money .
inseam is too long and top is too small
downloaded the app and all it was was spam . no game ! do not download this game unless you just want advertisements .
came in broke had to se nd it back
apparently it runs small and is made of a strange , light weight material that feels cheap and flimsy . try another one .
i agree with the rest of the reviews . i won't be buying these until they release the extended versions .
not high quality but ok for the price a little sticky and filmsy it did cover however ok medium nice
i just do not like this game . it is not entertaining to me . i will uninstall it . not for me .
i don't like this stuff at all . it breaks , anytime anywhere . i can't use it anymore
moves very quickly in screen but the square shape can cause pain .
this was super thin even by thermal fabric standards . it was also itchy and my son hated to wear it .
i wish it would . of had more dimensions . and could of had more . measurements . overall i got what i paid for . lol
it's a case it has a battery that's about it very cheap but great product for bucks ! !
unfortunately , this film isn't that enjoyable . the action doesn't make sense and even with a likable cast it is boring .
pendleton would like you to believe this is made in america it isn't , it's made in mexico . check thelabels !
not as expected as advertised . colors are not vibrant at all , very low quality . not a real canvas paint . will return
this cleanser was horrible ! it does not lather , and feels like putting greasy lotion all over your face .
i have tried to registered my norton and it will not accept theregistration number on mycard . what is the problem ?
i have never had such poor quality struts . these are already bad . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
the book is full of pie in the sky mentality and ideals as seen through rose colored glasses .
this dvd is a bootleg ! the official release by media blasters tokyo shock can be bought elsewhere on amazon .
badly formatted , badly written , and the prompts are bland and banal . i would like to have my dollar back , please .
fits really tight on me . i ordered an xl which is what i wear in everything else . including beefy tees .
not easy for a toddler to use , and a scary looking baby . my granddaughter was not impressed . we deleted app .
it is not heavy duty at all . easely torn . can not use for commercial can liner . buy something thicker one .
pretty cheap quality . maybe it's what i should have expected for , but the pictures make it seem nicer .
there are several scratches inside . looks somebody returned it before , and i got it .
didn't work for my year old mother after taking as per the directions on back of the bottle . sorry
your playing a game you think its fun from the case you put it in and everything goes to hell
sex and not very scary , so nope i didn't like it . simply a waste of time to watch at all .
predicatable , boring , not believable . as a jack reacher fan i was very very disappointed with this effort by lee child .
the so called facts in this book have been debunked by hugh nibley's book , no ma'am , that ain't history .
inferior product . no longer trust any one who sells this item on line .
package was damaged , product leaking all over . bottle half empty . do not waste your time . read the other similar reviews .
this book seemed good , but it was hard to follow , so i lostinterest in it . waste of money ! oh , well .
for an article on exercises where all figures and illustrations are omitted . you must be joking ! refund !
a very boring documentary about a pet cemetery and the maudlin interviews of the owners put me to sleep .
video hdmi output died in weeks . second experience with defective onkyo receiver . cheap and unstable . dont risk your money .
the original cast is back to drag this one out a little longer . i wouldn't recommend this one at all .
the show is good , but missing some episodes . if all episodes where on list then it would be star
the book was much too long and detailed in obscure facts . i had to skim parts just to get through
this was rated pretty high but it did not work well for me . the other torque tool did much better .
ads pop up during bonus and free spins . ended bonus before i ever got to play it . worst pay . uninstalled .
these play shoes were extremely small and my grand daughter couldn't wear them on her birthday .
same old same of the same stuff that is still the same of the old same in same old movies
d we are the dealer book the thing in the book is okalien fool to you we good .
it says egyptian quality but in the fine print it says microfiber . misleading information . i had to return it back .
they run too small ! not true to size ! they hurt my feet very much . other than that they are ok !
does not work with the camera we purchased . would like to return these but the days is up .
not a book ! random pictures from the movie . no words . not even in chronological order . useless . complete waste of money .
no place to put anything . it s a teddy rather than a bag !
it's still functional , but all of the days of the week that were written on it are barely visible now .
it was not a bad series at the start , but the last episode was so bad . wow . it screwed everything .
not what i expected . i was very disappointed with this game for jeopardy . i was expecting something else i guess .
doesn't work all the stickers were peeled off looks used sent it back . maybe next time it will work , word .
the code it gave me didnt work and they cant do anything about it to give me a new one .
did not work for my phone . my phone did not even recognize the cord plug in , had to purchase another .
i am giving it a star because time warner cable does not offer this yet . this is ridiculous .
this book was so bad that i left it under the bed at a summer beach house .
just don't like it
it doesnt even open for me i wanted to play really bad one night and it wouldnt open for me .
small
not jumbo at all not the dimensions they stated . regular sized and paint came right off . won't buy them again
the ipod only works fine like month then have a white screen and i reset and still didn't works
this is a very poor app . don't waste your time . buy a nexus and look at the full site .
seat does not come close to fitting it was atleast short of being able to clip together . very disappointed .
hard to anchor to bottom of tank . will go back to airstones . a big waste of money in my opinion . blah
i hope this is a dvd i purchase if not there is a problem . please email me if it isn't .
my year old liked this book , but it was way too short . i actually felt a little ripped off .
first , it's make in china and too small and light . maybe it just works for cut cucumber .
do not like this game at all , too chlldish . took it off my kindle because i did not like it
the eforcity mm camera lens cap is not a option . don't fit like the original lens cap , so choose other
it's not what i expected . i thought you would be able to take care of the pets and you can't .
after i found this on my daughters kindle , on went the parental controls . i don't know what she was thinking .
kaplan book has much more useful information and tips . this book goes over things anyone taking the test already knows .
did not grow well on my soil . the leaves did not taste anywhere near japanese shiso i used to eat .
works good , but if you put the v battery in backwards it becomes tost
no fun
one star because the entire glass is not frosted . which is kind of a big deal . poor quality of craftsmanship
avoid u can found better information in internet for free
they said that this glass touch screen comes with the replacement tools , but only comes with the glass , nothing elses
factory chevy electrical plug would not fit it . silverado with factory tow package .
this is a watch , not a knife . pretty please , get some glasses . it might be for yours and our benefit .
not really a book , more like a magazine article . the subject deserves a book , hopefully someone will write one soon .
i agree with the previous reviewer , it's too high . i'm more than a little po'ed about spending on this .
this toy didn't even last one day . the dog chewed the yellow fur off and it blew in the pool .
hmmmmm . what can i say . other than no thanks . end .
pro sharp bright images , easy to operate con too big dosen't travel very well . no adjustable legs or elevation control .
don't waste your money . the bottom piece has held up but the top piece broke the first week . look elsewhere !
items arrived busted and pouring powder from the box . wasted money .
seemed to ramble on , although topic was very interesting . hard to read pages a night to find reasonable stopping point .
was not what i thought is was going to be , no quality !
was very thin . not made well and could clean it good enough . i guess you get what you pay for .
the cover alone tells you the story . she is a pawn for the illuminati .
they send one smudge brush and sharpener kit . not two . the price for one is exorbitant compared to other retailers .
arrived rusted ! would send it back but it's not worth it to send back . don't waste your money . very disappointing .
took as directed . no results . ended up giving the last pills to someone else . was a waste of money !
you would figure they would throw this in with the box . this is purely for the fanboys out there .
narcissistic , petulant bile , salted with cherry picked facts and drenched in the dogma of oppressed entitlement . can't wait for the movie .
loved the movie persay . so sorry the movie didnt come in english . only italien . i got bored and fell asleep
you get what you pay for . less than a year and now no longer holding a charge . going back to oem
supposedly shipped days ago but does not seem to have left the first place yet . supposed to be here today .
i chose this rating because it's too short and they ain't real moments of history i think it strange really
does not fit chevy cavalier buyer beware , its almost cheaper to buy a new radio . these are horrible
would not buy again . do not think it is as good as advertised or as read on reviews . thank you .
great for kids . i was looking for something challenging . i don't think it was worth the money . just my opinion .
don't by this flimsy cart ! it is not strong enough to support a bbq . i returned mine after one use .
guess i just don't know about enough of these products to play this game . not fun just frustrating . oh well .
this just isn't worth your time if you are looking for homework answers . i'd recommend speaking with the teacher instead .
it broke the first time we used it ! one hit and done
i love it but mine broke . i think it was my fault though so if u want it get it
these were as described but very low quality and not polished . cheap in a word . i would not reorder .
severl errors in the order of sentences pages in non sequential order . no pictures . no financial or stock market indexes page .
fabulous acting great stars . but the movie was a bummer . basically family with dirty little secrets exposed . not the makings of a great movie
i purchase this item , two of three part works , one section is not receiving power and i am very disappointed .
very bad movie . not even worth the . rental charge . not sure why they would produce such a horrible flick .
not well made , the cloth is tearing off after less than a week and not as clean cut as pictured .
it barely fits my ipad mini ! my ipad does not feel secure at all . i would not recommend this product .
this is junk did not work right out of box cheaply made dont waste you money buy some thing else
one good song , the rest makes me wonder why did i think i would like this cd ?
if you are into handheld video games , go for a gameboy , ds or a psp .
it went out after minutes do not buy this .
this case did not fit the htc one at allit was way too small . and didn't really look like the picture
these will do fine , but not as sturdy as the original wood kind that i expected . pictures are very cute .
the battery i got does not even hold the charge . i am extremely disappointed . i would not order again , thanks
cheaply made and break easily with a recurve . i do not recommand this item .
product pictured is the original hq solution . product shipped is the new hq cool breeze scent in therectangular white bottle .
does it work ? tries so far and no ice cream . operator error ? don't think so , but will keep trying . frustrated !
didnt fit may have been my fault thought it was for a merc but fit
very disapointed with the cord . it doesn't stay plugged into my laptop . keeps falling out , then my laptop cuts off .
i had to buy another one from another place , the right side of this digitizer is dead , don't buy this .
color and material are not as shown .
my kids did not like it too much . it did not engage them . they did nit choose it at all .
i honestly thought that my wife would like this hat and mitt set but i guess that i was wrong .
not only did they not work , my phone warned me to disconnect as incompatible or risk damage to the phone .
the page after page diatribe against big pharma made suspect the information which did not even start until chapter .
horrible ! all they did was make one big copy with horrible ink and terrible quality , its not even a poster
i didn't really notice any difference . and i have tried it twice . i think i am over the hype now .
i thought it was a book about the southern living . didn't think it was about different ways to make biscuits .
fit very very small would like to have them put larger sizes even measurements on them size runs super small
ordered these for an xmas gift , never got them . disappointing because that's all my mother wanted , she loves kbell socks .
i'm years old and guess wat i wasn't entertained with this game . my only favorite part was the story .
its ok
the mouse stopped working after four months of light use , and amazon won't even provide a full refund .
does not work like state on their ad . don't waste your money . yes , i used exactly as stated on bottle .
saw the atkins and didn't register it was misspelled . the author needs spelling and editing lessons and the recipes stink .
the only thing good about this book is that proceeds went to amnesty international !
says e but fits like a d
while this product was fine , it was extremely expensive for the one pound that you receive . i suggest shopping around .
the new color scheme was not well thought out and is not liked by the public .
very flimsy . i didnt even put it on my iphone , not protective enough , cant expect too much for the price
i bought two and had to return both of them . they had shorts , didn't work , and then died all together .
the zipper on this boot broke after about the rd time wearing the boot . the boot itself is very cute .
game uses the directional kill method . lame way to fight massive hoards of bad guys .
what a piece of trash
not as expected , that's too large and too long . quality is good , measurement and size vary from regular large shirt . disappointed
i do not like the way it smells it needs to smell softer . it does not spritz it just sprays .
i really love lonesome dove . this particular movie was not a very good movie . i would not purchase it again .
not real isotoner gloves . already wore then out ! have to be knockoffs . should have know by the price ! don't recommend .
cute stories but predictable . light reading . kind of funny , hard to even use twenty words to describe it . just cute .
it could be worse they could reflect the position of more people and actually have an influence on our culture
i found blogging and rss a librarians guide a bit difficult to read and over priced
this book is okay but i thought it would be thicker and have more words in it .
really low quality , chinese stuff . the zipper was broken on arrival . broke after first time use , buy something not chinese .
gave lower rating because didn't have detailed info on replacing laptop harddrive . other info ok . vmv
unfortunately , printer don't work with color ink , cannot see this items . all color items . but black ink work true .
boooooo . had to buy a new phone wasnt to funny . i would recommend my worst enemy to waste their money . wack !
not sure where amazon is getting it's list price . this item is over at the cuisinart web site .
all of the crackers are broken up . not a whole one to be found . but they do not taste bad .
disappointing reading , many passages seemed contrived and not related to main theme . koontz seemed to be simply filling pages up .
ordered a mens size , order form stated mens size , received womens size . how difficult can that be ?
would even more useful if it can stream trafficcam instead of just a pic and unable to create route
it is tight in the arms , and loose across chest and hips . fabric is heavy and pulls at waist area .
i would not recommend this microwave to anyone . it lasted about five months and then gave up the ghost .
i can not review an item that was not receivedi can not review an item that was not recieved
dasetghj
cute case but the cell phone cases i order didn't fit my phone correctly . i probably want order more cases
these wool balls look amazing , but the package had so few of them i didn't think it was worth it .
difficult to read . lost my interest early on . would not recommend to read . ha a lot of english phrases etc .
it makes noises when playing cd's .
when used you will have little base and wont be able to get it loud enough over your car radio .
got this for our new voip system . it had way too much echo to be useful . going to keep looking .
horrible quality necklace . do not buy . make sure when looking at silver items that it's sterling silver , not silver metal .
hard to find control briefs that don't roll at the waist thought these would be the ones they weren't . good control , though .
if you think this is oliver and chris wood you're wrong . how i wish it was .
waste of time .
my baby is scared of the snail . she is crying , she is months . may be too early .
no one can wear these colors
i was using it as an outside water bowl . it cracked along the bottom within days .
the plot was less than convincing . the characters undeveloped , stereotypical and not particularly likeable . a poorly scripted outback soap opera .
this story was fairly well composes but every part of it was impossible which detracted from the writer's creative gift .
very low grade movie . i can't believe they think anyone would enjoy this at all . don't waste your valuable time .
i was under the impression this was a full length story , unfortunately it was only a piece of the book .
i liked the products theory , but in practice it just really doesnt get the job done like a traditional stapler .
terible acting . bad casting . would expect more for the icon . some big producer in hollywoodshould have made this movie . bad choice
not worth the money to see styles that only emaciated year olds can wear . very dissapointing . save your money
cheap
product is not by leviton . leviton quickport jacks do not fit port . screws do not match wall plate
would not work on my kindle and causes it to lock up and have to reset kindle
its not good inf cuse some time the charger finish before it fill my iphone its not exactly ma
handle is a joke , doesn't fit , don't aborb much heat
why the heck is kik gone i loved kik you have to get kik back to the app store asap !
it doesn't work with the iphone . it says and looks like it's charging but never really charges the phone . worthless .
this made beautiful coffee , until suddenly it just stopped working . customer service was not helpful .
the product does not smell like the original . packaged the same , but clearly not the same product .
i thought this die cast was metal but it's all plastic . i guess the cheap price should have been a warning .
only lasted month , cord stopped working
it was ok
the material covered in the book wasn't as details as the questions posted on their practice test
picture quality was so degraded it is worthless . dont waste your money . dont waste your money . dont waste your money
my first android phone ! i can not believe that i can download music but cannot download ringtones ! really ! very disappointed !
poor reception
money wasted . i bought . the pink one is hard to find too so she's stuck on the green ones .
despite the description , this case has no bumper . the front of the phone is not protected at all . don't bother .
real bad
foam cushion is too hard not good for a wheelchair patient . i suggest you do not buy try something else .
the phone couldn't charge more than no option for sim cardoverall could have been nice if it worked .
it sparked on me and wires broke in a week . i would not recommend . just get the real christmas light
when the product showed up there was only one sfter in the package .
horrible look .
tried to use it for kindle fire but it doesn't work . probably because i don't know how . lol hi .
do not buy this product . the plastic does not fit the keyboard keys , falls off and overall looks very cheap
the coat is cute , but very light and most importantly , it is not water repellant . i will return it .
too much of a stevia flavor present . not for me !
this is not the product i was looking for . im so glad it was cheap . not even worth returning . disappointed
this was a soft blanket , but after laundering it three times , we returned it because it wouldn't stop shedding fuzz .
it wasnt the right color . the white strappe is grey not white has its adversed . beaware .
i tried this on several surfaces glass , metal . it doesn't stick ! bummed because i love the idea ! i'd pass .
as much as i love monopoly , i did not like this app ! the game kept freezing so i deleted it .
i prefer my hazelnut with a richer , fuller taster , which gloria jean's did not seem to have at all .
it is too tight , and should be much looser , or you should offer a size extra large .
the back fall out !
the screen protector was bigger than my phone really will not purchase again and they are not like the photo
although the description said it had a pointed end , there is none ! thus , it breaks easier when inserting in ground .
we ordered a case of after eight mints . they all had a best if used by . not real fresh .
are you kidding ? it is about the same as putting an envelope between your head and shoulders .
look good but too thin and my face was all glittery . everytime the phone rang i'd have glitter all over .
it was working fine when i first got it but after weeks it broke . waste of money don't buy
they don't keep water out of my kids' eyes . i had hopes , but you get what you pay for . avoid .
these are not absorbent . they are coated with a waterproof film on top . they are not thirsty stone . terrible product .
what a waste of money ! its only a little thin thing ! i am not happy .
i have this scope and this sunshade did not fit it . not happy with my purchase from them . will return .
just yesterday it went dead , few days after i left good feedback . like a bad karma . will send it back
it's just a pile . of articles . available elsewhere . just a haphazard group of articles . i shouldn't have bought it , actually .
they are cute and fit great but each pair wore through in the toe the first time worn . very disappointing .
two hours of your life you'll never get back .
the necklace is real pretty but when i got it the back was broken off . i still wear it though
don't buy his product it doesn't work , a waste of money it's made in red china 's political reeducation camps
after owning one for months , my coolpad stopped working after daily use . definitely would not recommend !
you can't tell by the picture but this is one of those cases that has no protection for the front .
get it ? vampire ? suck ? but really , twighlight sucks ! do not get do not get do not get nooooooooo get nooo
i should have paid attention to the other reviewer . these are not in any way airtight ! i'm sending them back .
asin bk sil the case and the ban looks like shinny black plastic .
not really seeing any results i need help to get these stretch marks gone so i can be summer ready
not a believable plot . lots of action but an amateur attempt . the ending was certainly not to be believed . no dna ?
right thurr remix feat . jermaine dupri amp trinaholidae in feat . ludacris amp snoop dogg
chain was cheap made
only lost pound in two weeks . dr . oz said this was a scam .
in the pic it looks very dark brown but it's not one bit , its like sharpie black . otherwise , it's fine
they are very nice looking , but unfortunately the seat covers did not fit . i will have to send them back
this bulb does not fit the mazda done light not even close it's way to long for the socket
author took advantage of their close relationship with the russell family
changed batteries , hit reset several times . stuck in demo mode . waste . noticed two other reviews to this effect on another site .
used for months no changes only thing it did was make my nails soft but thickness is still there
what a way to find out that i am allergic the contents of this product .
simply put . this is the worst thing i have ever heard . just buy cheshire cat and you should be okay .
i only give this star because i have to . it doesn't deserve one .
well written and useful but short on nice pictures and content . borrow but do not buy . word word word
typical teenage vampire blah blah , poor writing , more like clean version of fifty shades vampire style the horror ! than twilight .
these didn't work after a charge and don't work for more than seconds . we've tried to charge and charge .
cancel it also now .
this was too thin and flimsy for my taste . it was easy to return though , so i have no complaints .
it definitely taste like fake lime and it leaves a weird after taste in your mouth , wouldn't recommend it , sorry
item received with a hole in the side not worth the wait time or the money . do not buy this !
the product is worthless . doesnt charge your phone , doesnt hold charge that long . word of advise . buy something else better .
product didn't work in my jeep cherokee for an iphone s . obviously , not a product that i'm happy with .
didn't liked the color . after two hours became dry and start pealing from the edges it looks so bad !
much to small
a waste of money . i don't believe that the advertising met claims made . i threw the product away . never again .
these paints did not glow and were not easy to apply . they were poor quality and were not user friendly .
it does not open or play . keeps crashing every time . not sure if the paid version would be any different
the quality is so so terrible ! the thread of agrafe broke in one month ! how can i to repair it ?
it was too dark and depressing . i did not like it as much as the first volume of this series .
very disappointed in product . arrived in pieces . poorly crafted .
nothing more than a link to redirect the browser to youtube . oh yeah , a redirect with adds . borders on malware .
it won't hold a charge . very very very disappointed ! it would not be worth the cost to send it back .
described as safety orange received black , an unacceptable color for chocks . also , poor quality to the level of being dangerous .
it was ok , wish it had been a little better though . didn't seem to be clear
these movies were overall not that good for me . i had of them already and didn't enjoy the others
it doesn't fit and none of the holes in the case line up with the tablet . it is well made .
title says it all . not a very good game at all . thought there was more to it than just rps
not what i thought it was . not for the mom of a new born . need six more words six more
unfortunately it didn't quite fit the chair .
too light and too much space between the teeth for a small comb so it doesn't get the little hairs
i picked by acci . dent not what i thought . i thought it would be a different style of writing . i was disappointed .
it does not fly . i will no longer buy games this way . this is a waste of my free time .
this is not worth a dollar . it feel down several times and the tomato grow is useless . save your money .
i did not finish the book . it was not a book i would pick to readi just randomly selected it .
no me gust oacute el libro realmente esperaba algo mejor , con m aacute s contenido
this was a bad purse broke in one day
it didn't work at all , wouldn't fly , the other , i ordered worked excellant , wouldn't order from them again , in future purchase's , very dissatiflyed , posted today
not a good perfumes to buy . smells only for few seconds then losts . i get better perfume in dollar shop
absolutely cannot recommend purchasing these when you can buy them for . locally . do yourself a favor and skip these .
horrible , horrible , horrible , horrible . this cd is audio diarrhea . i was excited about wes's return , but this is just horrible .
the visual quality was poor and the movie cuts off at the end before the credits .
i do not realy have any comments . i could not understant the content of it . was not inspiring to me .
software activation key had already been registered and used . software mot legal to sell . software could not be used legally .
if you go to the fisher price website you can get this product for .
some of the cartridges just go straight to empty after only use so i won't buy it again . sorry
instead of helping , the video signal died when attached to a foot cable . it appears apple displays are not supported .
not compatible with nikon d
it protects alright , fabric started peeling t corners , i dropped it once and a corner plasting retaining piece broke off .
wasn't what i thought it would be . found it confusing to use and just wasn't what i was looking for .
the story jumped around way to much . very confusing . would have been better if it had more background information . .
did not like how it closes .
deleted it , no illistrations !
the grinder arrived broken inside , the magnet in the lid broke out other than that the finish is excellent
it was short , not a full book . it was like reading a couple of random chapters in a book .
was a little disappointed , doesn't really fit that well , i wouldn't recommend it .
i see zero effect from this overpriced snake oil . no improvement whatsoever . just an expensive jar of blue goop .
pricey for the quality , looks more like an ice cream cone than a cupcake . it looks better in the picture .
broke in les than week
this is not gold this is copper . looks even cheaper than it cost . would never put this on my phone
its printing is really really really ugly worst of worstdon't but thisyou'll regret itit shipped from china
this doll if avaiable is bucks at the disney store . you should be embaressed to be charing almost ! boo .
twenty degrees ? i don't think so . nicely made , but a r degree , summer bag .
the fidelity is marginal , but acceptable . but the active noise reduction is almost non existent .
it's really big . would not suggest getting it if you're on the short side . otherwise its okay . fairly good material .
i never played the game . i don't know who put it on my kindle . i really don't like slot games .
did not work on my kindle . i would not recommend this product to anyone . i was very upset with this .
this cd was trash , the audio is so distorted that the music is not enjoyable to listen to .
disappointed after see , frame and there is wear and tear , and no pictures so beautiful . not that i want to
it contains very thin absorbent papers that need to use or to reduce the grasitud . it is worthless .
very good !
horrible stuff turned my scalp and hair orange . used the medium blond . and did not defy frizz , etc . etc
four score and seven years ago our fore fathers brought forth on this continent a mew mation comcied in liberty
poor quality ,
after some of the books that i've read , kinsey millhone is very tame . sue grafton needs to get better plots .
play the sample games , then you have to pay to get anything else . i'd give it no stars if possible .
bottoms run really small buy a size up . just using up space to submit this and its taking forever wow
it's not any quicker a read than the original and this guy doesn't write as well as eckhart tolle himself .
i put this in my dvd player after unwrapping it and it does not work ! s ty product do not buy !
screw you new line cinema . i'm never going to a new line movie in the theater ever again .
too small he was not hardcover either not what i was waiting for i'm not happy with the product either
it broke in less than a week . really unhappy .
bought this for my daughter after christmas for her fire she was not very impressed with it . found it boring
lasted less then one month , unraveling , handles are falling off , seams are coming apart . complete junk , don't waste your money !
its not , non stick . things stick to it , regardless of what you use . i prefer teflon .
the imaginisce i magicut ribbon cutter isn't worth the money . the imaginisce i magicut ribbon cutter didn't work for me .
furniture not very sturdy poor quality wood cannot be moved after putting clothes in it get what you pay for
this story was written at an elementary school level and the ending was a fairytale . the ending suspends all believability .
they are super cute , but the heels aren't even hard , they smash down when you walk and it's pretty uncomfortable .
do not buy ! for stsrters it fades away and turns shiny and doesnt stay on your phone
one broke in the first two minutes of playing and the second two minutes after that .
cheap junk , phone fell out of it within the first minutes . i bought one that fits from verizon wireless .
i never could figure out how to put it on .
half of the keys don't work and they wouldn't do an exchange so i have to return it . not happy .
bracket is great but the ttl didn't work with my d .
after a year of having this product the screen burned and is dead now , it was a waste of money
didn't get the tool with the screen
nice picture but there is a white border along the outline of the trout .
i don't know how to set it up or use it please help i need your help please help me
i wish it had better quality , in this picture look better than the real one i receive .
it may be ok on a pc or tablet , but it was horrible on a phone . not worth the time
the game i received did not work . maybe it was my playstation , but i tried it on multiple play station's .
bought it at target and it barely made it months . the next one will be the actual xbox product .
can't do anything with this if you do not upgrade i do not like apps that give you no choices .
stopped working after three months of buying it . stay away from this don't make another mistake like i have done .
too small
the baskets were small and the bottom are not flat . i will be replacing it soon for a quality piece
no adhesive glass broke again within a week .
while the book has an amusing concept , it is so poorly edited that i cannot bring myself to finish it .
this game constantly drops the server your one number away from bingo and bang game gone . it gets real old
nothing to say because it is all art but i don't like the style based on my own personal tastes .
it's a cute product but i couldn't get it to bubble . and that's the whole idea ! otherwise it was fine .
these toe spreaders lose their shape very quickly . i wasn't happy with them and therefore won't be buying them again .
it skips and sticks and is a horrible quality . i didn't watch it until it was too late to return .
though funny at many times , there was plenty of gross humor . the toilet jokes were just too much for me .
these last about two uses and then two washes to clean them and they begin to fall pull apart . so disappointed .
the magenta cartridge would not load . sent it back for replacement
did not have the front plate
the cover art on this dvd is better than the quality of the movies . what a ripoff .
trash , i would not recommend anyone to purchase this device .
very elementary and of very little benefit to me . would not recomend to anyone interested in learning the wave principle ,
worked only couple of times . tried many times but wont work at all . not even worth spending those bucks .
there are only a few pages here , and no information that couldn't be found by doing a quick google search .
i was looking forward to reading this book but found both the style of writing and the content quite disappointing .
unimaginative plot . little character development . mono dimensional like a basic crime tv drama . disappointing . can't recommend to anyone
kinklab power tripperdescription read electric stimulationpower tripperneon wandthought i was getting wand , wrong ! got the electrode very misleading ad . wasted money
if you make a spelling error you have to clear the entire print area to correct skipping is extremely limited
bust too tight . off by about sizes at least returned it .
this is the worst arm rest in the game . it's not even worth in my opinion . more like
i hate having to package things up and return them so i probably won't but it doesn't work . bad purchase .
worthles , cant understand what eberlestock is doing . there is a lot of other scabbard which seems to be much better .
please note , this charges apple product and android product only , will not charge two apple products . be advised .
very poorly constructed returned fell apart st day , this a get what you pay for . not very good at all
having to wait a certain amount of time to play again when you run out of lives is just stupid .
this software should not be sold due to most systems are not recognizing this software .
i tried it for weeks but wrinlke does not get betterand not enogh moistrue that keep skin good at all
this product gave me blackheads like none other ! i don't recommend it if you are prone to breakouts .
the zipper broke on first zipi then had to have the zipper replaced . otherwise it was fine , fabric was ok
igloo has the same unit for . . this is shameful .
i tired these but didn't notice any difference or feel any different . now the remainder are just siting inthe cabinet
i needed a larger size . i ordered the larger size and gave the smaller one to my daughter . thank you
used it times it to break and blow out . had to throw it away . dont get this ! ! !
this does not work . do not buy . there are others that work much better . waist of money . flkgh lgkht l kdjgh
the charger is not compatiable with my phone and also does not retract as it should . a waste of money .
this chair was definitely not 'deluxe' ! it is not well made or sturdy for an adult . not up to amazon standards .
useless item and a of waste money . did not fit properly . would not recommend this product to anyone . thanks
never worked . samsung mini s
gloves were super small !
no good
didn't fit the filter it said it would fit . my biowheels still can't turn . sucks .
tinny should be smaller and solid metal design is fine quality junkalso shoud have a ring for good attachment
no good , sorry , very damage disc all of them very poor . it in the trash can no more for me .
the banner tore easily as i was taking it down . i had to throw it away . not a good investment
i did not even finishe this one , a total rip off of walking dead in so many ways . convoluted plot
out of all the anecdotes , only two are entertaining and none is illuminating . overall , a very boring read .
this was a cute story , fast read for those who like love stories . main characters are well developed and intriguing .
these cables are only this is much shorter than the . cable that comes with the kindle .
bad
don't waste your money on this . it doesn't work at all . my friend order one and his didn't work either .
wooden handle is loose .
i thought i was getting for this price and only received one and it is very cheap returning it today .
just didn't work very well
i did get a plastic glasses fake , not even close to what i did buy . i want my money back
horrible . i couldn't understand any of it' the acting was terrible ! just another skin flick . i wouldn't recommend to anyone .
my credit card was charged a month ago and i still have not recieved the item . not a happy customer .
tight , inflexible feel . a bit bizarre looking on . my brother said they looked like clown shoes .
every piece of this jewelry set broke after my daughter only wore it one time . don't buy this product !
not worth the money . dull , uninteresting story and low level d effects , even on our hd projection tv screen .
the bottle broke days after getting it . i'm not really sure what else to say other than that . peace .
can't even wear it what a waste .
i have not even got my screen so i really woulden know . my screen was surpose to been here .
save your money , sounds like it was recorded inside of a cokecan .
this controller stopped working after minutes of use . will return it tomorrow and buy another model brand .
great price and promptly sent
the recoil spring functionality that spools the wires was not functioning after a week . save your and buy something else .
after a week in a shed , there were two dead mice in mytraps . repeller obviously did not repel ! traps worked .
transmits a video signal , but it is so noisy that it is barely visible . take the time and run the cable .
very angry charactersnot approved by moms anywhere . very inappropriate affect ofavatars . what else could they think of ? poorly done .
excellent always music by santana
poor quality comparison with price ! but it's fine to use it in short trip around the house all the best .
when i got my water speakers one of them was broken and all the fluid was drained out
the thing broke after a few months of use . trash . do not buy
as soon as i opened the package , it was tossed into the give to thrift store pile . it is crap .
lasted a couple months and the printing started getting faintand little it faded practically away
some of the cartridges only lasted for two check printing . they are cheap and not worth the money . too bad .
very disappointed . a few days after ordering this item , i was contacted by seller through email cancelling order .
didn't work . if it cost a dollar more i might've actually been upset . i'll find another use for it hopefully .
they fit more like boxer brief than boxers . too tight and generally less comfortable than the a true boxer .
i ordered shoe trees for size men's shoes however they are only big enough for women's shoes , very small .
the idea behind this book is really cool , the pictures are really cool , the writing is really terrible . big disappointment .
boring ! boring ! boring ! tried playing it for maybe minutes , never played it again ! no wonder it was on sale !
the clip to stand the phone on it's side broke immediately .
not very funny .
if you mean a toy by this product , it is a good one . i am regretful for such a stupid choice .
poorly made . stems easily bend . hard to keep backings on
obsessed with this smell in candle form but as a perfume , do not like . smells very old lady and strong .
this has to be the most ponderous and banal rap album i've ever heard . what a useless piece of junk .
this product does not stay put easily , and falls off of phone , the room must be very dark . no windows .
this app is not compatible with my trio stealth lite . . please provide us with a native of my tablet .
i guess i expected more detail then what it had . sorry
to big for a child ! to big for a kid ! i don't see a teenager or adult wearing it . cheap looking .
i did not like the product as it was quite cheap but then again the price is less as well .
took to many days to acknowledge order
board itself is decent . worked well in good waveslanyard broke after days of usereturned it with no hassel
package arrived with only one ball rather than four . the one ball is fine , but this item is very misleading .
the back was very cheap and scratched easily . not worth my money at all .
one of the few books that i will not finish . the idea is not bad but the narrative is terrible !
i think something bad must have happened in his life before he made this album . very depressing .
broke after second use .
the screws attaching the the legs to the table top are poking through the table top . poor construction .
terrible doesn't whiten nail at all waste of money
liked it for the months that it worked now i have reinstalled twice and it will not launch .
this book is just a rehash of the manuals . save your money .
someone should've described this product carefully . it is a sticker that is plastered on the back of a black case .
can't see objects even with my glasses on . would not recommednd this if you are true seek and find peorsn
i did not receive this order and i was really looking forward to planting and enjoying the plants , so sad .
was not what i expected . i would prefer a thicker band and feel deceived by the descriptions . not very happy .
this product did not last days . headphones fell apart . no sound was heard , cord separated from connection . don't waste your money
ordered a size xlbut in its place an extra small arrived . do not purchase if you wear a xl
did not appreciate the ending . forces the purchase of a subsequent book . i don't mind series , but this is ridiculous
got ripped off hard . i would not buy it again ever . game is good but for the price ? no way .
all it says is that it has no pictures . i don't get how to work it ! it is really stupod
since the update it won't let me share pictures in messages please fix it ! i need it fixed like fast !
this product does not work as expected . this product broke in just days . think twice before you buy this .
i do not recommend buying this app , it is confusing and hard to use . the instructions are not very good .
extremely wide . impossible to use as a rashguard for swimming . wear and tear after a few months use as normal clothing .
it doesn't fit galaxy note . that is the reason i'm sending it back . that's allthank you , mary south
it was very confusing . and the story jumped all over , nothing really flowed . so i guess didn't really like it .
we did not receive this case . we received a blue case for a different phone . not a iphone . not happy
three months later , it does not work . this watch looks nice , but not quality . i will never buy the stuhrling original .
i played the pixel perfect puzzles and liked those and hoped this would be close to it . not at all .
i like the music and the steps but it wasn't as easy as advertised . just wasn't for me i guess .
this would have been a nice , interesting short story . i can't believe i stuck around for the whole thing .
buy this product to remove it from my scalp greasy , and was worse , every time i use my head shines .
i bought this as a gift . it's not the right one they wanted . but it's still fun to play .
it was filthy inside and the sound quality is terrible . almost inaudible . i am very disappointed and want a refund .
the cord i bought from you does not work on my printeror tv , they use the same cords !
i got this cause i have recurring valley fever , but the elastic is way too tight . very uncomfortable to wear .
looks great on my note but kills gps cell and wifi signals
it did not sound good at all . was very disappointed in it . it looked nice and neat , but the sound was terrible
don't buy this waste of money doesn't work at allwaste of moneycheap productone star only cuz of idea
not worth itit is not any better than original phone battery . gets hot and didn't last even half a day .
runs small , stains easily with sunscreen is ruined very fasti'm a size and this size is tight
item was much too large for most households . web description should include more dimenional data assembly instructions were too vague .
claims you can see difference in week . used as indicated and this produce doesn't work waste of money
the cables are cheap and breaks down from the points . it could harm your products electronics . never buy this as a product .
had to turn off after minutes . probably the worst movie sigourney weaver was ever in .
un des meilleurs enregistrements de perry i roy . enregistrement'au top' . un indispensable dans la cdth egrave que des fanatiques du reggae .
corroded power pack sadly had to return item . would definately order again because they would have looked perfect as an accent
very disappointed because it certainly does not work as advertised . installing the electric water heater was not to hard do .
not my kind of reading . didn't get past first two chapters . wouldn't recommend even though i like his other books
refund back
cords listed on paperwork were not included , no hdmi nor others listed as part of monitor were in the box .
this product looked good , but when it was poured with a lil drop of rain it didn't work that well anymore !
i loved her earlier novels . this was too dark and brutal . can't believe a woman wrote it as romantic suspense .
piece of crap , not a true leather belt . first time iwore it looked like it was coming apart . not worth the money !
can hardly read the display , especially in the sunlight . if you are going to use this outside don't buy it
both cables failed within a month . i ended just buying another apple cable along with a standard usb extension cable .
so so
the drum leave shadows ! this is my second attempt at purchasing a satisfactory replacement drum but unfortunately to no avail !
not well made at all , don't waste your money on this one . started falling apart by the second day .
can not use it in the interior and amount of product was certainly disappointing . i would not order this again .
it broke at the top hook and now it doesn't hang on the visor very disappointed with this item
don't buy this thing if you have a mac . they say it's compatible , but it's not .
bag is built well , and looks tough . its just to short to hold any ar platform . going to sell it .
the first time i used it the loop broke , very cheaply made . button is in an akward place as well .
junk
thought it would be longer than minutes ! it is way to short for the money . not a good deal .
the diamond coating on the fingers began flaking off after the first few swipes ! total garbage , don't waste your time .
razor slips side to side , nicks every where .
not true to size . runs small ! otherwise we liked the product . very comfortable material but jersey just ran small in size .
i would review it if i got it . come on guys . i placed the order on .
didn't care for the tackiness of the gel . it made it difficult to put in pant pocket .
good book for juvenile fiction , i was expecting more . generic description of the undead , won't be reading the second one .
warps with use would not buy this product warped within one month of use and heats unevenly very cheap design
i am so sorry i wasted my money on this album .
this scale was great when it worked . it didn't even last months ! very unhappy with this product .
not what i wanted . i removed it from my computer and will not down load again . i am very disappointed .
my rabbit isn't very big , but this was wayyyy to small on her ! i was really upset about this purchase
these leads are cheaply made and buyer beware . i would not install them in an airborne or water radio model .
these thungs dont fit ! i have big arms and they say one size fits all . not a deal at all
cute color blocking but the fit was not flattering for a curvy figure . the material and lining was too clingy .
the intro to how to do the moves is good , but hardly any moves . i almost thought she was joking .
this dvd is a bootleg ! buy the official release from adv films , available elsewhere on amazon .
it didn't work . i paid pennies , and didn't want to bother returning it . i had a jwin dongle that i'm still using .
everything in this book is a lie and the idiot who wrote it should be ashamed .
battery died . o ring replacement kit is unavailable . super expensive . not that great . husband only used it for a few months .
i ordered black frames and brown frames where shipped ! the item description stated black frames !
just ok wouldnt buy again
it does not fire . it broke as soon as i loaded the first round . i feel cheated of my money .
i thought it was going to be awesome but it came broken and i had to try and reglue it
written as male in first person by woman author . found the entire story implausible not just the after death experience .
the stand broke on me . i got a replacement one and that broke too !
did not have very good luck with this . never grew . ow well . i will buy the plant .
i have to redo it . it didn't work . not too happy about this since i had to buy this app .
yet again this information is not hard to come by . it like reading techniques watered down from self realisation fellowship .
nice shoe for formal event night out but it is narrow and not as shiny as pictured . item was unfortunately returned .
just as everyone and their mother has stated , this app uses scareware tactics to push reported web sites and programs .
my wife using it damaged in less than tow weeksdoes not worth it's value , poor quality net , not recomended
i had an average signal in my basement and got this to get a better signal . it didn't help .
bunch of adds and you have to pay to get credits , so it apos s not free and huge download is required
disappointed . characters were not as interesting as expected .
this product broke the second time we used it . very cheaply made and i am very disappointed with the quality .
didn't last long and shut the phone down pretty quickly . put the old one back and charge last along longer
i used inflamazol for a month and suffered some of the worst , most prolonged grout attacks i had ever experienced .
just like with the other abc app , i have sound but no picture ! very disappointed . it's just a black screen .
i recently purchased this cell phone case and it was made very cheap . it would not even stay on the phone !
took over a month to receive this package ! and it does not look like what is shown in the photo !
again , i have checked out a few vieques guides , and i have to say these people need more experience .
old dusty and out of date . much better books out there . recommend swedish author begin watchmaking . better ilustrated and described
not worth the time or money , never in place . plus fluid goes right through ! forget about it ! get something else
this board is flimsy and feels cheap . rd dart i threw hit the scoring window and cracked it .
all pages glued together , missing items , etc . impossible to use . i think that's enough . all in all , a bad purchase .
there needs to be a better way of defining batteries so we don't order the wrong one . fix it right .
less than one month and the clock stopped working . pretty clock , but hard to tell the time .
stupid show , no plot and poor acting . glad i did not pay to see it . would not recommend this too anyone .
it is cute but it is plastic and though sturdy i wish it was nicer , good for halloween costume party .
too too short and rushed because it's short . good premise , bad writing . haven't read any of her other books yet .
kind of cheap looking but functional to a degree not too strong . ended up tossing it out few months later .
could not get this to download , so i really can't really rate it however , i did not try to reload .
forgot how d . steele movies were so steamy . there is some nudity and language that i didn't care to hear .
used this case on an day trip to europe . case is already falling apart . very cheaply made . not happy .
in fact , only took week of pills and had to quit as they kept me awake . could not sleep .
the battery dies randomly sometimes at other times it dies at about . it's very frustrating to deal with .
gotta love the fakes flooding amazon nowadays , so be warned , the actual product goes for around usd nowadays
did not actually fit correctly on the table , way to big . to long and baggy , maybe my table was out dated .
you can't see the laser dot any better outside in sunlight .
it does not work . hardly any sound coming out . i complained but no response . i'm open to any suggestion from anybody .
i was very excited about the book , but was not at all as good as i expected .
all hamilton beach irons leak water dripping out everywhere . do not ever buy a hamilton beach iron .
these shoes looked beautiful online . i wanted to keep them but they hurt my feet when i tried them on .
horrible ! twisting around of words in every sentence ! did not promote inner peace , but inner frustration . bad bad bad bad bad
this was not the right product . the product that came was not what was listed on the description . boo . rip off .
i don't even want to give star . pin pusher is already broken when it arrived . don't buy . cheap !
this does not work with my iphone don't know why . and i just thought this was a wonderful find
compared to other places they turned out to be very expensive , don't think i will purchasing any more of them .
u can only play piano and the piano wont even work gooddon't waste ur time with this stupid app
i was expecting an outdoor quality fleece garment , but i received a glorified terry cloth head towel . i hate it .
did not enjoy this book and did not finish it , . i found it boring and therefore it is not finished .
did not work properly
worked good for about weeks . now it seems to have lost its cutting edge .
got these because i like skinny but need some curve . but the waist was too tight . so i am returning .
why cant i just go to the site and pay my bill . this sucks
not what i expected ! very very disappointed . i have to give them away . the material has not stretch and it's uncomfortable .
i normally wear a regular size condom . these fit like a magnum . i do recommend some of their other products .
repetitious . a good attempt but not as good as the time ships by stephen baxter .
because it didn't work so i'm very disappointedi think that nc soft should have a better support sit also .
not worth the money
i like how it is organized but it is too slow and hard to type for a kindle fire
if it works it works , if not no customer service to correct any problems , sorry i recently renewed . good luck
broke almost immediately , buy the ezo brand . i bought both brand and then bought more ezo and footers .
thank goodness i didn't actually pay for this pile . horrible controls and is just a glorified marketplace for old games .
design started rubbing off .
i recently purchase the pack they fell apart with in days of receiving them . i do not recommend them .
there were no pieces with any color at all mostly just junk nothing i could cab at all . very dissapointed
extremely disappointed , the size was wrong , the name was deceptive and misleading
my tablet is a lot louder than the speaker , can i return it and excjange it with better kind ? n
what are you supposed to say when you purchase a unit that is supposedly factory refurbished by panasonic arrives doa ? ! ? !
this is difficult to clean .
not exactly what the description said . this is my lowest review for an amazon item ever since i joined in
story seemed to lose momentum in parts and was a little bit long winded . definately not a favourite for me !
i thought it would be a better one than this one was so umm yeah that is it okay okay
sixletes always had chocolate in the middle . theses did not . they are just a hard hard candy . was very disappointed
not a great book . characters not well developed . story is uninteresting . don't waste your time or money . you've been warned !
it's pretty but it get's dirty immediately and it doesn't come off with anything !
absolutely hate it ! does not work at all for me ! i feel like i waste my money on this product .
the magnets do not work . letters slide off the fridge immediately right onto the floor . terrible product . very disappointed . returned .
this concertwas not very good at all . it was a slow , boring and not the best concert for little milton
did not work upon arrival . i should have paid more attention to some of the poor reviews .
it was not what i expected , aftershave waiting for sooo long it was a let down
a decent paring knife a little on the flimsy side , but worth the inexpensive price .
i never received this book but was still charged . don't believe on this seller . absolute waste of time .
zipper right boot did not function properly .
book short on plot and full of tedious repetitions . this book is full of dust . really and truly disappointing .
dusty , junky , and faded in spots . i did not even remove it from the small plastic bag it arrived in .
i was disappointed by the anti catholic tone as well as the accomodationist attitude promoted by this video .
worked fine for about a month , then started cutting out . at this point , about months later , it's barely usable .
material feels cheapbag a bit smaller that it looks in the picture . i won't recommend buying it . buy something with quality
this and other sony cd's installs some sort of spyware on your pc . avoid anything from sony .
the nice were not deterred and even tried to eat the repellant . glorified room freshener . would not recommend this product .
product was dried out , tried to use it to no avail first time i have been disappointed in l'oreal .
these only lasted one christmas . by the end of if the bulbs had collected water and the connections corroded .
i found this story to be boring . the sex scenes were hot and heavy but everything in between was blah .
i was hoping for more . there are only recipes . its too bad i was looking forward to more ideas .
very bad quality tools i would recamend you buy a more expensive tool because i got what i paid for
costs a bit less than cellet model , but it is much lighter and thinner . would definitely buy the cellet instead .
radical left
faded quickly . but they still stick to windows , even if they are unreadable . ugh . not long lasting . not a good purchase
very uncomfortable
the information in the book are basic , not deeply developed . maybe it is good for beginners , not for experienced personnel .
much too small to actually be functional
apparently , this thing is boring . i thought it would teach me different languages . but . it doesn't . please don't buy this .
very loud , doesn't push much air
the power adapter is european . idiots , not for north orsouth america use .
the earlier books were much better in this series . this one was disappointing . it did not hold my interest .
wish they have man made sole like sneaker . it will be nice if they have padded foot bed with arch .
a very low budget movie , common werewolf story line but could have done better . it's nowhere near red riding hood .
. at whole food , and it is not the lowest i saw for this . gallon . what is going on ?
it was very sweet and lovely dovey with a hint of corny ! it was way too short for me ! nice ending .
the charger was not in the box and neither were the ear buds . everything else is fine besides that .
loved this cover , but after having it on my phone for weeks , the print colors started chipping off .
didn't get to play because it's not in english
i can't review as it has not downloaded , it has been more than days since i purchased the game .
woke up one day went to use the speaker and it doesn't work anylonger . highly upset ! dollars lost .
words can even describe how painfull this movie is to watch . do not waste your money !
these case are rubbish don't waste your money they don't very well at all . they have a mind of it's own .
shrunk sizes the first wash . i bought this for my boyfriends birthday and he never got to wear it .
these are a horrible fit . very uncomfortable and i would never use them for fitness purposes like i had intended .
it sucks so bad this wont protect your phone dont waste your time it just makes your phone look good .
looks huge
i ordered two . one came with a bad zipper which i didn't notice until dropping the kids off at college .
this app worked great for about a month , but now it locks out after about ten posts . needs a fix !
the chargers won't charge my phone
no good . hard to clean .
ipod charger did not work at all . brand new ipod and the charger set would not charge it .
the cost to unlock each game gets costly . an enjoyable playing experience but the game gets really hard to unlock .
they sent me the wrong memory card twice , still don't have the right one , and this all took four week .
this was a nice looking belt when new . however , after two months the leather has split . do not buy this junk .
to much trouble to install . don't like it pulling me down . felt like i would fall over .
i waited a long time for this . it is horrible . and i will probably watch it again
wants to be cleavermake a salad of things said beforevery superficialit's a real waste of timeuseless
like all extenders , doesn't last long
months of casual use , the non stick is no longer . so i decided to buy another one , same issue .
i really enjoyed this series , but . ? you have got to be kidding me ! that is just incredibly greedy .
bought the app but it won't download for some reason . really confused about what is going on . please fix it
this battery did the same thing as the last battery we had before we ordered this . lasted about two days
no signal was passed through and connections were tight . more words . what more can i say . amazon accepted the return
if you have read one dan brown book you have read them all , skip this for your own sake . woerd
very cute . didn't fit my c . have to return it . very disappointed . does cover corners if it were to fit .
i need more time to explore the kindle . i've never opened this because i don't have much time to play .
i love this game but the expansion are half the price and not enough for your money . still funny though .
not good !
zero stars , if there were such a category . the damn thing doesn't fit my ipad . utterly useless ! do not buy !
cotton ply is thin . elastic waistband does not have enough stretch , causing stress on the seams . i returned this item .
only gave it a two because i couldn't stop laughing at the stupidity . yay laughter
these are miniature , small , tiny . too small to be worth the price charged . these should be priced at . .
did not work and had to return .
don't . get it doesn't evan let me play is just wasted all my memory and it had to download times
i have this device not for long . it's keep turns on and off restarting . and the usb cable already broken .
all of your other books were books were fantastic but sorceress anf enchantress just were not your style .
bad , dumb stupid boring gameplayed for seconds . piece of garbageglad i didn't pay for it . thanks you for that .
didn't work for me , i had to keep reformatting it every time i started up my xbox . i'm extremely unsatisfied .
i agree with the other posts . i ordered bhut jolokia and received ordinary habanero . do not order from this company .
looks nothing like the painting shown . looks like a child finger painted the elephants . not satisfied at all buyer be ware
nothing like the picture show . quality very very bad . would not order again . i did not contact buyer . too disgusted
my tv looks the same . there where no changes at all . it was not a good idea to buy this
fell apart first use . good idea , might be fun ater the glue dries .
the clip broke within four days .
cord just didn't charge . no great story . it just didn't work . you get what you pay for i suppose .
dull . so slow it's stifling . lacks the exuberance or rhythm of cuban performers i have seen and heard in cuba .
i tried every which way to download into windows media player . cannot do it ! . thus i can't sync to my mp device
didnt like this dress and it fits waaaaaaaaay too small .
very pretty , but the band felt unstable and the jewel fell out in a week . would not recommend .
i was surprised how runny this is . i have used this product before and it has never been like this .
it wasn't worth the price . i only purchased one jar and used palmers throughout my pregnancy which was just great .
this thing broke not one week after receiving . not what i expected . i am going to try this again though .
this will barely fit a toddler forget a kid older than . and the little sprinkler didn't work at all !
not eom
good luck getting past the first screen . didn't start easy and increase in difficulty , was difficult from the start not fun .
not a very interesting dvd , rather a cheap production . only get this if you visit that specific park .
the title says it all . not worth the money , get something else , flimsy metal stand , poor fit super cheap cable .
this product does not fit as a replacement for ' chrysler town country . looks like a good product otherwise .
i would never recommend these to people because there fake ! you can look at them and tell they are ! sooooo .
this product only worked for week after that it did not hold the charge .
had to get this for my class . had so many typos and errors .
the product is totaly useless . if you apply any pressure at all it stops working . a waste of money .
barley has any smell to it unless you hold it up to your nose . disappointed
didn't like it at all not worth dollars for it i won't buy another thing for this page sorry
poorly written , overly dramatic characters lacked depth . if you like soap operas i guess its not that bad then .
this charger worked for a few days and that was it . i suggest you shop for a different one .
the packaging is magnificent , but the recording on two of four of the sidessides recordings werefull of pops and hums .
these shoes soles were so thin it was like wearing clown shoes , super skin tight shoe in blue u !
dose not work to will in wind
very slow book , not my cup of tea , couldn't finish it . i tried but just couldn't get into it .
so boring waste of money as it is . is way too pricey for a rental won't rent this again
couldnt get into it
my kids prefer yummi bears to these . neither is overly particular yet these don't seem to taste good to them .
i'm not impressed . it does not supress your appetite at all . in fact i will be returning my order asap .
worst quality cases ever . fell apart the first time i tried to put them on . dont buy waste of miney
the light did not work , and the back is pealing . very cheap . i would not waste your money on this item !
not user friendly at all . very difficult to use when on the phone . also unable to charge the phone . terrible design
this book was disappointing . better information can be found on the vpp website . not a good value for the price .
it wasn't a dress when i put it on . it was more of a top . cheap material . i hate it .
these are very thin and very small . a size work boot is the max and that's even pushing it .
this dvd set one dvd does not work at all and the others keep stalling .
it is too small for a dslr camera . may work with point and shot camera or small camcorders . i do not recommend .
the title says it all . looks like something i shot in my backyard , don't waste you're time or money !
this is about as cheap as you get . more like a toy than a recorder for adults . buy something else .
rip off only mg per capsule . gimme a break . sending it back .
the hat and the scarf are missing ! the costume is absolutely useless . rest assured i am disputing the charge .
picture is better . i don't really like the finish .
excellent sound , very good mic with good noise rejection . but they feel like i strapped a x to my head .
can't give review . wasn't the movie i thought it was so i returned it
i took all the pills as per directions , but they did not work for me and therefore don't recommend them .
i was very disappointed not great quality and not metric as wanted . difficult to get pieces back into case . returned item
don't like upper material
short quick read nothing too spectacular ! the drama on tv now a days have more drama filled than this book .
first generation ipads do not fit
too bad i can't give it minus star . cheap product . busted package like it's been in warehouse for years .
ad says it will fit ipad st generation but it does not . beware if you are buying for st generation !
after months the plastic badges faded to yellow and the plastic started to pop off . junk ! would not buy again
the mold peeled off almost instantly . its very cute but ugly when it turns into something else .
i thought i was purchasing a sheath product but its not what i recieved , instead i got a knock off .
tears easily , my son had all three balls torn within about twenty minutes . breaks off in small pieces . very disappointed .
terrible , not enough tools or even the right one .
just didn't like it not worth buying , or even playing hope nobody else buys it . wasn't even worth the price .
immediately blew the fuse in my car . it was easier to throw it out rather than bother with a return
i think the headline says it all . no more comments needed . end of story . this should be said long ago .
was a good material but was strap on head was to big and didn't have an adjustment for this part
too much at once . be prepared to store somewhere airtight . takes up a lot of space .
i really don't like them nearly as much as the pop chips . i won't buy these tortilla chips ever again .
it came with everything in italian . i'd have kept this umpc if it hadn't been in italian . so buyer beware !
it goes from battery power to charge power all the time and doesn't do the job .
the case has no opening for charger plug to be plugged in . you have to open the case to charge ?
dettol is good , but its priced way to expensive , you can find them in indian grocery stores for cheaper price .
made a mistake with this one . the tele mode results in static . very weak quality . skip this piece of junk .
used it only once for pancakes and it looked ten years old ! and , i will not use this pan again
tried it on and it fit great , then i washed it and now it is was too small . not happy !
it did not fit .
the trimmer is not working very disappointedblade not sharp enoughwould like to return itplease le me know
several of the rackets fell apart after the first use of them . the twine became loose and they were worthless .
no information on spiritual warfare . the video is garbage .
this is not a legal child restraint . your child will not be kept safe in the event of an accident !
my dog hates these boots . won't wear them at all . they are stiff , restrictive and hard to get on .
this movie is no goodthe original was a lot better than this onei will not recomend this one to anybody
i am used to books with more interesting plots and subplots , not the case here . i wouldn't read this again .
not what i expected .
the description is very misleading . way too small for samsung galaxy s . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i only had this card for months and it stopped working already . very cheap card , do not buy it .
this was dry and clumpy when i tried to use on my lashes . it does not deserve even a star .
she apparently loves to flaunt her lifestyle these days . this is like having a tooth pulled without a pain killer .
i couldn't finish it . was way too bored . not what i expected in a book . has higher hopes . oh well .
this bread maker does not cook bread evenly . burnt edges while not cooked in the middle . very dissappointed .
i don't like this app at all . do not buy . i reapeat . do not buy . for the sake of your life .
very good , but nothing more than a teaser . if you're interested in vegan cooking , get one of moosewoods full cookbooks .
broke in less than a day , not working after a day . poor cables . will not buy it again . bad !
did not like it . makes you have a constant internet connection for an offline game i miss the old days .
i have no comment for a product of poor quality . simply not pasted on the screen of my phone
my daughter got this for christmas and the touch screen didn't work as soon as she opened it . very disappointed !
verry poor quality
not very impressive . its free . cant expect too much .
i plugged it in and the insides popped creating a wonderful burning electronic smell in my car . it was spectacular !
not worth . you can get all of these recipes and more off of the internet . disappointed .
it's slow in reading the heart ratesometimes it doesn't work if it's worn in hand perhaps due to perspiration
died on me within weeks . very poor product . learned to shell it out at big box store soon after .
it teared during our first use in maui ! do not buy !
i thought it was fun but after awhile the puzzles kept getting scarier . i deleted it after awhile . amber
i have not received the product yet and not been contacted either . please let me know about the situation of it
broke the frist i used it
big let down in the amplifier sound booster dep . nice in line controls that's about all the good i can say .
wiggly jiggly , will not stay put , piece of plastic crap . get a good metal mirror instead of this rip off .
its a pieace of crap . money lossed it is the cheapest thing i can do better with seranwrap dont buy
nothing new in here , people . yes , we know everyone hopes to cut corners , lie , cheat and steal . blah , blah , blah .
did not offer any privacy at all and it easily comes off !
how is the sample pack free if you charge . ? i think some description editing is called for here , please !
too big . phone slides around in it
the usb wire does not work .
ea promised something else . now they want to release an extended ending . for me , this game destroyed ea bioware's reputation . period .
what a rip off did nothing . will not order again . dont give in to the hype ! will not buy again
not very happy with this package of gloves they sent . wrong monkey grips not the same as the picture shows .
it's a very good book , but the electronic version skips a very large portion of material that cannot be accessed .
the song is so annoying and the worst part isthat you do the same thing over and over again .
this is nothing more then a serious of page flyers put together to form a advertisement pamphlet . won't buy again .
this was disappointing because i thought it would have some of his best routines , but it was more biography instead .
i couldn't believe my eyes when i opened the envelope and there were only seeds . waste of money !
. this cd is just tracks of joking at modern talking . people , do not buy this ! .
we could not use . the straps were too short so we just used it to tie a box up together .
garbage ! nice construction nice materialsnot hot at allcould not cook hotdogs ! this is the worst grill evercannot sear anythingreturned to amazon
waste of my time . bad written , its almost like if someone with no experience tried to write a book . .
never arrived and no response from seller when sent email . good thing i bought a used copy !
this suck it broke right away it only lasted like a week working i will never bye this prodot again
probably the worst money i have ever spent , waste of my time . i will never purchase a coben book again .
good for a year then stopped working . . tb stuck in limbo . thanks seagate , i will not buy your products again .
it wss okat i do noy teview books my oplnlon is just that just minei dont wsnt to do thod
my husband wanted boot size socks . these are heavy socks but not boot size . he gave them to his son .
i literally had it for not even days and the ears were already broken . i want my money back .
was not able to break the glass to get the last key . i had the tool but wouldn't work
looked like she bought it at a dirty flea market . it was rusty . i didn't even open it . hated it hate
button did not work . nozzle leaked water when pumped . would not supply fine mist . tryed to use made a mess !
thats right under normal wear and use my wifes pillow cover tore and no we didnt have a pillow fight
i loved the design of the case but it did not fit my samsung galaxy so not cool
it fell and broke i want a refund full and i slip on it never buying again ok gift warehouse
beware , these are tops only , not complete lids with rings . if you don't have existing rings , these are useless .
wasn , t reeally able to pick mucic to play couldn , t delete previous music . need better way to select music to relax to
once you balance it between the magnets , when you try to spin it , no matter how gently , it falls off .
nice idea , but fell flat .
i bought this dryer for my mother , but it did not last long . not a good buy .
couldn't finish this book . it was just not for me .
it force closes when you try to watch the radar . please update the app so it runs smooth and properly .
super poor quality ! pretty much just threw them away after a week . would not recommend . rubber tip came off most .
it wont even download onto my kindle fire . just takes up space please fix i reqlly wanna try this app .
works for sec . and they send nd . nd one better then first at least work for sec
not my cup of tea , i found it to be boring and pointless . perhaps a child would find it entertaining !
too small , its for a years old little girl
. and that reason is low quality . you would be better served on another investment elsewhere . terrible , muffled sound . good luck .
i give super colon cleanse one star . i don't like this product it didn't work for me . would not repurchase .
broke very quickly , i would spend a bit more money on one .
blade description stated that it was compatible with kfp wh modesl not so wrong size and shape
when i opened the package the unit was broken . i returned it several days later and have heard nothing since .
within a week case broke , very cheap product and very hard to get off the phone . not worth the money .
cheap and awful construction . huge disappointment .
this is just an average conditioner . the shampoo does a better job of keeping the brassiness out of my hair .
you guys should be ashamed of yourself for charging this price , when toyrus selss it for . .
it was too orange on my skin .
slovenly look , the stretched , holes , , , . .
the clear dome arrived cracked .
case does not fit s as advertised . do not buy if buying any larger powershot cameras like the s .
the rice cooker time takes to long
because you get so few scatters you lose interest . also i can't believe that there are not three jackpots .
this game doesn't work with tnt vedio cards with multiple monitors setup . no help from the sierra tribes tech support .
these balloons don't hold air in went to get them blown up the air came right out of them
the dvd arrived quickly , but does not work . we tried cleaning , and different dvd players , but still will not play .
i wore this no longer than weeksthe watch belt broke becasue they used clue to attach joints
a simple story . i ordered it , got it . it fell on the floor , stop working . end of story . a total piece of junk .
the control looks like my current control but when plugged in the control doesn't work . audi a . quattro
waste of money , tons of spelling errors , my th grader could write a better tutorial
i have to remove from my phone to charge . would not buy again . not the right fit for phone dislike
good for about weeks and then pops spew goo all over you that stains . do not buy
i am not very happy with this game . it sounded better described than it is in actuality . would not recommend .
it was a very small book , not very extensive in content , and the vocubulary level was low . i regret purchasing it .
this lasted me a week . i would not recommend you buy this .
if you are thinking about buying this cable . stop and read all the reviews . i wish i did
i don't like it because the case is peeling and the screen protectors that came with it ain't no good
it's a nice concept , but the bed rolls off of it . i have to go buy another kind .
purchased product after my flex cable went bad in my iphone . had the cable installed and it would not work .
the book's name is quot internet security protocols quot and it does not even mention ssl
this is not the same bottle or product shown in pictures , quality of actual product is different then described
this is not crushed fruit . nor is it pureed fruit , as the dr . smoothie website claims . it's fruit juice concentrate .
does nothing and leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
would have been a good cover except it would not snap together with the phone inside .
this thing is mb that is lot if you like maori mart you might like it other wise it sucks
worked for a while but one of the legs broke out and i superglued it and it is fine again .
not a cook book for people with high cholesteral nor diebetics . eggs every where , cheese every where , pork every where .
i have downloaded this twice now and it comes up in my kindle in german ? anyone else have this happen ?
terrible . burned out after first use . the company itself was horrible about it . avoid at all costs .
. remy has a sweet and delicate voice , and i wish i had a voice like that , .
you can't read the print on this wristband because it's all blue . the print needs to be in another color .
i put this on my saiga , and the glass cracked immediately . this thing is a toy .
i love goldfrapp and i'm really disappointed . it's a bad soundtrack for a bad movie
only a few of the butterflies stuck on the wall . some i couldn't even get to stick on the mirror .
really gritty polish
this game sucks i hats it i hate it do not buy i ambuyer and i what my money now !
amusing cartoons , not great . was looking for more photographic material . kind of like new yorker cartoons . very accomplished artists though .
could not get it to load onto kindle fire hd , might have been fun though , wanted to play with friends !
i like the feel and the look but tablet case on dropped from about inches up and screen cracked .
this item does not work with all ipods that have a dock connector . buyer beware .
only a few days after finishing this book i had nearly fortgotten about it which says enough .
crappy fit ! wouldn't rate this a star , however , the powers that be wouldn't post my review , if i didn't !
this is headed for the junk pile . it rejects brand new dvd's as quot bad discs . quot save yourself the trouble .
made of flimsy plastic . broke the first time i tried to mount it on my camera . no a quality product .
somewhat hard to follow and i never grew to care about the characters . they weren't developed enough for the story .
the grommets along the top are staring i come out , already going to try and return them . they're cute otherwise .
the item was not abused and just stopped working within a month . i would not buy this brand .
strap stitching broke loose on both sides enough said .
broken already ! only had for weeks . i will add again horrible and again horrible and really bad and horrible
this bin doesn't hold the weight of a cell phone slides down fridge . needs stronger magnets . would not order again .
not a catalytic converter ! it's just a straight pipe and is illegal in almost every state in the usa
works for a while . the elastic will wear out fairly quickly with use .
case doesn't close
stole my money !
i don't hear om chant clearly and listed first song play secondly . it is not really wort for the money .
have not succeeded in putting it on as yet difficult to put on not able to fully evaluate . intriguing enough
i sure that they great ! i haven't recieved them yet ! still waiting ! and waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting .
the promoters of this publication participate in illegal unsolicited email practices ie . 'spam' . great way to piss off potential customers .
the slit is waaaay up and its long !
really low quality . the letters were already faded when it arrived . definitely not near what the price is . . .
i was disappointed with and returned this particular book for a refund . very little inside concerning twin engine inboard operation .
i have other minimulist shoes which are great . these shoes however are very clunky and uncomfortable . i am returning them .
sucks too flimsy not hard enough to stroke with n a strap . dont get if not to just use on urself
nice blouse , very pretty . when i took it out of the package it has a small hole in the side .
unfortunately not made for me . too tight in arch , uncomfortable , zip back uncomfortable too and not very flattering .
this cheap product broke down in the second week of use and had to be replaced . a waste of money .
couldn't read it ! great title . afterseiing oak ridge first hand sounded very interesting . didn't work on desktop , galaxy note or kindle
not worth and i'm fairly sure there is not feet . it tears apart constantly making it worthless . period !
this bra is comfortable and can be slept in . i found that it had too little support for my liking .
the seams were unravelling as soon as i opened the package . very cheaply made . beautiful colors just very poorly made
would have been a great buy , but one side of the audio connection is not working .
i thought there were mg of bioflavonoids , not mg of vitamin c . i was disappointed when i received the item .
entry blocker broke on both tips . cant use any more . not a bad design buy quality is lacking . to bad .
to much fluff , and not enough of a story . however , it is good for getting you to fall asleep fat .
good pair of glasses for the price , but the hinge broke screw popped out after just a week of use .
it does not work at all with the ipad so i just wasted my money , and stuck with it !
i earned silver can't get it w o paying the bank . . then . just a few minutes later . too expensive !
boring will not tell anyone . this was one of worst sifi books i read in a very long time . thanks
no whole in back for camerathey are uselesstook forever to come and they do not meet specs of phone
suction cup works for moments then pops off while driving , hard to adjust , not easily manipulated , don't buy , don't buy
i don't know what the deal was , but this product did not work at all . pretty disappointed . waste of money .
due to errors in shipping , i never received the book ! you sent it to la quinta instead of walnut creek
when inserted it played for few seconds froze , locked itself in and extreme measures where then required to eject it .
this product began leaking within the first week of use . after a month it stopped working completely . piece of junk .
charger was broken when it was delivered , worked less than a week . waited for nothing it to come for nothing .
a mistake . it ticks . i hate ticking watches , j
we had to return this phone because the answering function worked on line but not line
did nothing . noticed no change . waste of money !
crappy put together . spaces and cracks where they should not be . not cool at all ! also doesn't stay together well
game has major glitchwill not save coop games ! search the internet war in the north glitch ! do not buy !
the average person it dumb your kid will be a chicken not a duck . plan on it ! cluck cluck cluck
these are the thinnest pants i have ever seen , they are over sized and lack quaility and will not hold up !
pop ups keep popping up and when my daughter was playing she would press on the pop ups , not good .
got this cooler for christmas and it died months later . don't waste your money .
the mouse you sent is fine , but you sent me a plain black one , not the one that lights up .
unnecessarily difficult . obtuse control scheme .
cannibal holocaust was the inspiration for cannibal ferox . the former is ok with decent acting . the latter is lame .
this product will make you pop on a drug test . military should not use this product . not a good product
thank you very much for your reviewsi have now fixed that e problem , do to reading all the reviews .
it doesn't even deserve star ! can't even pay temple runbut great for reading sorta but thats just me
straps too long , not easy to get in and out , i do not use it plus it is very stiff
red snap on case cover protector for galaxay s ii color chips and easy to scratches . i like the color .
very weak ant what expected . fits well on phone , but the picture is blurry and the phone case is flimsy .
got it , charged it , didn't work . cheap don't bother . spend the more to get something that will work .
this is advertised as a pk but i only received one little tiny book . false advertising ! wouldn't recommend this company .
my kids have a night vision toy that cost that works better . looks cool just doesn't work . total waste .
this product does not fit a standard size a white kleenex tissue . complete waste of money . i feel ripped off .
the dressing goes on easy and looks great until you drive the car are spray it all over the sides .
i imagine that you do this in the name of security but really , your billing payment system is a real turn off .
this case did not fit my kindle . i have the kindle , not the paper white so i returned it . thanks
really bad quality should not give a star . for this price that's what you get . sending straight to the garbage
i got this watch for my dad and it barely works . not happy
it's from bad quality . it broked in few days
definitely not for xl people . ok for teenagers just sprouting ! if you are bigger than don't buy it okay .
these shoes were very cute but the heel was not comfortable on my foot and i had to return them
i would like to leave another 'wall of text' review for this game , but i'd rather just say 'meh'tldr
don't waste your money . quality us terrible .
i dont mind ads but i cant even get to the apps content a complete waste of time and space
this product worked well , but we did not like the hard plastic casing . but it works and was not expensive .
the cable that i received did not work . i did not bother to call them , i just let it go .
not very sturdy
i didn't like the lyrics to the songs very much . i liked some of the bands on the cd though
no instructions included . does not work , must need programed . i've tried the online videos and dish website , still not working !
cheap knockoff worked to open the door , but didn't work for the ignition . ended up buying the factory original .
the writing style made it impossible for me to get into the book at all . no identification with the characters .
not great quality knives . the larger knives do not cut well . would not recomend !
i'd love to use the thing to time musical selections , but i can't figure out how to use it .
no effect at all . planning on returning it today .
this came in the mail broken .
this game is bad really bad . played it for about minutes then i was done . star .
these lipsticks are extremely dry .
i got it because it said it would fit my lap top but when i received it , it did not !
a little like a kids comic bookwould not recommend . this is unreal to the point of stupid . not good reading .
once your get the belt on , it is hard to keep in place and get the vacuum put back together .
it does not fit me so i cannot really wear them . i would love to have another pair of this
item was received and my daughter was excited to open it . upon putting the batteries , nothing came out except static . worthless item .
worked good for a week
doesn't work as well as other aloe products i've used before . won't buy again .
just downloaded this game and thankfully i have an antivirus program , because it had a threat attached to it . beware !
only one out of did not work
almost burned my house down with me in it sleeping .
complete waste of moneydid nothing at all ! i put on weight rather than lose itkeep well away !
content sap marketing . style really for dummies . want to know about sap netweaver ask sap employees . want to waste time read this book .
this is not really a score i would frequently listen to . maybe the show is more interesting in person . disappointed !
this product is table salt with lavender oil over it . not worth the money stay away . waste of money
my son chewed through the necklace loop in ten days . can't be restrung , so it's useless . total waste of money .
not enough heat , take long time for long hair drying , have to buy another one which is more powerful
the surface itself has a kickstand but the case doesn't . which defeats the whole purpose . it covers well tho
i received container but paid for .
did not like this one either
watch out for the restocking fee when buying crap !
sound quality is totally poor . i expect a lot because of sony but i am totally disopoint from these headphones .
nothing special and not worth paying for . i have free slot apps that were much better
tshirt washed and dryed to small . made of cheap cotton .
it does not fit my giant face . warning to those with a huge face run away and don't look back .
short read
my dogs will not use this
i ordered of them , both of then refurbs . both of them did not work , i was left very disappointed .
ordered two . only one of them works ! too busy to return the badone . wonder how long the good one will last !
this unit is not what i thought basically because it doesn't come w instructions . unable to listen w car radio .
please send me instructions on how to download and use this purchase . i have an iphone c . thank you ! rene
my family thinks that this is the best toilet paper available .
it does not work . what a waist of money ! i will not be purchasing any kind of that category again .
nasty . we've been trying to find something like the plum sauce that comes with egg rolls . this isn't it .
i guess you get what you pay for . not much !
opeth has some talent but most of the songs on this cd really suck .
the spine cracked nearly immediately under gentle use . very low quality . don't waste your money .
the story line was fartoo predictable . it was not worth the time , and there was no drama at all .
my first kindle book . i didn't care for the content . it was not scarey nor was it captivating . boring , actually
this book is awful . the writing itself is horrid . the translation is just as bad . not worth the cents .
poor quality , requires buyer to complete putting it together . didn't expect a diy not to mention flemsy worsnshop for sure
only one audio source can be plugged in at a time . other than that its fine . more words required .
it feel apart the first day within mins of opening the package . i didn't glue the peacock back on .
i can breath out more hot air then it can it does not do the job i was hopeing for
these placmats were of very poor quality and they were very overpriced for this kind of product considering their quality .
cd version would not run on my computer and tt had no fix , i switched to the on line version
it looks good when you receive it , however it turns black immediately after touching water .
some would not rotate and one had cracked lid . i
this book was not as helpful as i expected it to be . the ccss site is more beneficial to me .
the mattress leaked after usages . what a shame ! thought coleman's products would last but it's not . low quality material .
this is a micky mouse toy . this is not the same product that is pictured and should be avoided .
i wanted the game . misleading
heavy bulkyno stand and doesn't fold wellhopefully it will function better as it breaks ini like the green color
this movie is a joke and anyone who subscribes to this idiocy are the real fools
i love the game but when i updated the game i recived a terrible glitch please fix itthanks sarahroses kindle
plastic pieces were useless and i threw it out . it did arrive on time . i am not satisfied with this product
this is not a tekton vice it does not have proper markings , still a good vice and a solid tool
this game is sorta fun . lacks depth . is your basic deliver packages assassinate aliens type game .
battery did not work at all . fit like a charm though . explains cheap price . will try something else next time .
bought two of these . spent double the cost of the the wr . both did not work . poor quality . buyer beware .
they smell
if you really need a rock bottom price , and don't need the best protection , then this may be for you .
guy with a stammer gets help from a speech therapist . and ? and it's the king ! whoop de doo .
i purchased this for a class i took . not the type of book i normally read i will resell asap .
don't bother .
very cheap looking not a good bag . i hate it and i gave it to goodwill ! please upgrade your merchandise
this movie sucks people and its not worth the time nor the money .
this crap didn't do anything
cord only works when one of the two sides is plugged into the phone . otherwise , it simply won't charge .
cheap looking plastic . guess you get what you pay for , but i was hoping it didn't look quite so cheap .
i felt like this was not drying my hands all that well . didn't feel like super absorbent cotton . wouldn't buy again .
i only wish that joya offered their pasticiao halva in something smaller than a fifteen pound size . three more words
it's a piece of junk . i threw it away and bought the logotech upgrade .
the up , down , left and right buttons on the remote do not work ! very frustrating trying to play a game .
there's a glitch on level . unable to obtain object from cupboard . please fix problem . anyone else have same issue ?
the tool i got was off center . the amount it was off was too much to be used for hinges .
it's something that a should like play everydaynothing is no cuter than this dragon that i havei love ityay
enjoyed by my year old grandson as a toy spider . other than that useless junk . save yourself .
it's a textbook . what else is there to say ? there are so many other more interesting reads on child development .
this product does not work ! does not register on any type of device , new and older mobile phones , nano ipod
this book was very poorly written . i felt like i was reading a book written by a high school student .
lousy , impractical , enervating to use product . not worth the small amount of money it costs .
not worth the money . broke after one week !
much smaller than expected . disappointed i rather just have a basic cooler
very stiff soles , not even water resistant , get wet immediately , extremely scratchy on the inside . complete waste of money , worthless .
i have not installed this because it fits poorly and i don't see how it could be adjusted by trimming .
my three year old is very disappointed in this app . she doesn't get to clean all of the girl up . very disappointed .
the inside pockets came unglued as soon as i opened it . had to reglue them with crazy glue . not good .
more red than orange . arrived on time
power cord went bad after only one use . pretty much junk . save your money and invest in a better charger .
way too small . might fit a child , but not big enough for an average size man . i don't recommend it .
the first one did not work returned and got a replacement , that didn't work either !
the material is cheap and the little broach was broken
it is slow and hard to use is not complete i will not use it any more i i i
the pictures appear to show a complete belly band but the entire underside of the belly is unprotected ! very disappointed .
the bread was heavy and the center of it was real doughy . not a good buy at all ! no more
lousy taste and texture the only product i have found that makes acceptable low carb goods is carb quik would not buy again
honestly , i expected more on techniques and the like . even though i'm new to ice fishing , i found it simplistic .
this junk doesn't alert when cop car s are present . the x band alerts near automatic door .
i didn't like it at all the only show they had were the ones nobody watches don't waste your time
very pretty to look at but way too small in fit and not flexible enough for long wear . not recommended .
these lesnes are not for the oakley half jackets ! i purchased them , the desc says for oakley half jacket . immeditly returned !
format on kindle , repeated pages , missing pages made it impossible to enjoy . felt like i was skipping around the book .
none of them could work . they are very disappointed . people considering this one could save your money . try other products , please .
color is nothing nor close to being blue like the picture showes . believe this to be a misrepresentation of product .
the pieces on this set break crazy easily . i've had to throw many out .
i love the look and loved the style but unfortunately it was too tight for my very very wide foot .
the bra provides no support whatsoever . i'm afraid it will make your breasts sag and droop .
it does not fit very well . it's hard to use especially with the camera i would not buy it again
the outdoor carabiner clip wasn't sturdy at all and the compass was completely broken ! not worth it . save your money !
omg ! this game is horrorible ! don't get it unless you like being being frustrated ! what a damn waste of time !
i've fired off of them so far , only survived impact . get the aluminum ones if you want durability !
its ok just don't really like for my phone
play sign doesn't remove from the screen when watching a video . very frustrating ! this works fine on our apple device .
do not buy this fold a hoop . it falls apart . the box broke very poorly made . not worth the money you pay .
does the job but gets in the way on short rides . recommend the wider model for any cruiser style bike .
way too many notifications !
too small to hold even one cup of steamed milk after steaming overflows by the time proper temp is reached
what do you do now ? can't add gas . think of that before you buy this . it is also cheaply made .
stem is cased in the white plastic so tightly that i'm unable to pull it out to change the time .
i had ordered an xxl and it felt like i had ordered a l . size ran too small . wasn't happy .
this was stale tasting and i can buy it for cheeper at walmart . wont buy again online .
too jocular and wordy . lacking in real behind the scenes information .
these briefs were of a much thinner material than those i have purchased in the past . the seams were scratchy .
i bought this gun for my grandson to go with a swat team vest , this gun is very cheaply made ,
i have a nervous and barking dog on which i placed the collar . i did not see any difference .
worked well twice then no pressure because it was flowing out of the fittings . great idea cheaply made how sad .
i enjoyed this dessert very much , but the price versus the benefits just don't add up . . a pint ?
this was not dvd or bluray compatable came from england and completly worthless and i bought two copies . lesson learned !
my cheap conair straightener from target works better
es un titulo oscuro en el que no aparace la imagen del maestro .
i have a gas stove and when i used it the first time it started to melt the handle . not cool !
it is not complete and doesnt fit well is too small and i am xs
this wasn't what i had hoped for . it's quit fragile and wimm not hold up for anyu length of time .
this battery is as bad as the old battery i was replacing , possibly old stock that is out of date
very dissapointed . more talk than dance and hardly any instruction . waste of money
it leaked after it was charged inside my very expensive camera ! no more purchases like this ! what a mess ! and what a smell
very skimpy . very .
it gives u head ache and neck pain instead of healing it . i would not recommend it to any one .
there is very little information and please please learn to spell ! please don't waste your money or time on this .
feels like it will fall apart . can not see anything thru it . feel like it was a disappointment to buy .
no me pareci oacute gran cosa . lo le iacute medio r aacute pido y no creo me quede mucho de el . no lo recomendar iacute a .
very predictable and unrealiastic . miss the wonderful style of the first books with sander and chey . i didn't like it
very sharp . maybe too sharp . there are sharper and smoother out there
cheap socks . they don't hold up well at all .
i dont care for the style of writing of the author in my opinion it is not very well written .
really really disappointed , don't recommend to anybody font not easy to read , not fun , hardly learn something from the book
they do not work properly , and they tear easily . its hard to put the cloths in and take out . ina
worked great for days . then it was trash . expensive trash . for this price , you should get three in a pack .
chain broke within a week , very cheap . pendant beautiful . will buy a better chain for it . thank you good day
this is the second order and once again the stitching is coming out where the stays are located !
everything great except this item i loose my money .
kinda cheap and flimsy . is not as nice as the picture . i would not buy again . ok for a kid .
i am trying to finish it . there are few philosophical remarks that i enjoyed .
this product was ordered in error . i needed it for the shower not stainless since i don't have stainless appliances
i know it's extremely cheap so i don't care but this product didn't even fit my lens . threw it out .
does not even come close to being count . amazon did give me a discount on this . very disappointed
do not work with apple products . cheap construction and will not charge your apple devices .
it was almost as large as regular silverware .
the case comes off way too easy .
did not work or do as promised no matter what bonder product i used .
this game has a slow mo glich and is nothing like the console game for ps or the xbox
it is so stupid it is verry slow like it is like seconds or more for the cutter comes down
flags came with a florescent plastic orange stick . i have never seen a flag with an orange stick . retuning . awful .
i followed the enclosed instructions and not even one seed ever sprouted . i am a very disappointed in this product .
poor quality does not meet my spectations i rather pay a higher price for good quality would not recomend this
do yourself a favor and skip this one . trust me , it will only show you how evil mankind can be .
like others , there is no timer showing on mine . can't tell how long u haveleft . boring after a few rounds .
stay away from this buyer . they are complete scammers . a typical bait and switch operation that led to a big hassle !
all i did it six time and the mood was different every time mood scanner doesn't work wast of time
i hate this book ! it has so much bs in it . you find yourself asking what was the point again ?
not good at all . same questions appear all the time .
a big waste of money . nothing here that you can't get for free on any girly websites free sample pages .
it broke the first day i got it .
wrong area codecannot watch it so who got it wrong , and it was disappointing we could not watch it at all
buyer beware seller is selling children's dresses as adults . children's dresses , not adult dresses . buyer beware save your hard earned cash
male hating screed . i lasted about four pages before getting physically ill . buy at your own risk . you've been warned . wow .
the extender causes the headphone remote to not work . can't adjust volume , pause , etc . when using the case and the extender .
i didn't want to over spend for a grill cover so i bought this . it tore within a week . bummer
i mean i used it times and it gliched on me amp stop working . it's a peace of junk .
i don't like it , i can't move the paddle . it's sucky on kindle fire . i reccomend brick buster , it's much better .
lightweight , thin , doesn t compare to previous shirts . as compared to the same jerseys bought from target . will be used for pajamas not worn daily .
not worth it !
pure plastic shoes . hurt from the moment i put them on . had to give gave them away . blah blah blah
the game sick there are tons of glitches like the door with the weel you have to turn to open .
it is not look good . i don't like it . it so so bad . in my view no one can likes it .
common sense , but well written and an easy read ! kind of short and sometimes seemed redundant . cute and relevant cartoons .
great price but it's not worth it .
my watch is lost , please help me . where is the watch ? i dont know where is the watch . has not come .
i was disappointed with this item . the description says its the complete second season but in only contained shows .
i really don't recommend these bottles . they leak and it drives me crazy ! hopefully you can find something better .
these towels are a lovely shade of blue and the softest i have ever felt . but do not absorb any water !
the color on it started peeling off pretty quickly and one of the snaps broke too . it was a shame .
did not realize you have to be the one sucking at the other end . gross . does not work . not strong enough suction .
if you 've ever had a wsj trail subscription , do not bother with amazon subscription . free trial will disallow amazon subscription .
it worked great ! . for days . no longer ! at least amazon not the seller is giving a full refund . oy !
cheap flimsy plastic waterer . the handle snapped due to weight of water in container base broke within days .
the sheer ribbon that connects the two pieces is too short to hold the draperies back in a workable way .
this game is boring . luckily i'm nice so i rated it with stars . i deleted with game awhile ago .
not sure why this is considered a classic . just thought it was pretty lame . maybe i'm just not smart enough .
none of the seeds sprouted which was very frustrating , i had to buy the plants already grown at home depot .
this is dribble off the mouths of those who have seen there own lives go to ruin .
i liked the design , but the quality was flimsey and not as protective as the description led me to believe .
it was broke
i never got the cd ! though i was charged for it , i never received it .
too big for phone and is not durable ! piece of plastic . not rubber . will break if dropped . better without it .
my sisters broke like really cheap ! but i thang that it still works just fine it's ok . .
wanted to use for travel purposes but found the plastic box to bulky and big to carry around in travels .
nice cover but keyboard did not work with my galaxy tab . would have been awesome if it worked right
i like the jeans but the person was a smoker that sent them . i smelled cigratte smoke on the jeans .
doesn't work . put batteries in turned on once and died . can't reach company for replacement !
such cheap plastic and connectorsdid not survive even plugging it in . plug does not stay but fell into cavityjust garbage
super cute dress , but no way my boobs were gonna fit , had to return it . but very very cute looking .
canopy is very sturdy , easy to assemble and vice versa , very durable and long lasting
cheaply made . terrible craftsmanship . already threw it in the trash ! disappointed in the description of product . on a positive note , shipped quickly .
poor quality . material of boot was peeling off . i liked the fit and style just that the quality was poor
a not sugar free gum does not need fake sugar chemicals . and it tastes worse too . they ruined it . stay away .
i'm stunned . this book was awful . it's a cheap ripoff of any dan brown book , but with a silly plot .
this does not do what it claims to do , making it worthless to me . i did have high hopes , but .
too small to use for my ipad . and i thought the tall ones were included . i have no use for them .
my wife loved the color but it bows in the middle not happy . i will not order this product again .
i bought two inks here , one of the ink is not able to use . not good to try it again .
they didn't like it they said it was boring and i wanted to sneak out of the room my siblings
the tines on the inside were so mangled that i couldn't use the product and threw it away .
there are far too many good words deemed unacceptable by this app . also , there is no way to correct mistakes .
it is the unused full book for me and i recommend that don't spend your money for this book .
this video was a great disappointment . i was embarrassed for tom jones , it was so cliche .
this case is so cheap it tore apart a week later after receiving it . i'm very disappointed with this product
the package was missing one of the felt filters for the shark vacuum . that is the part i really needed
not good quality at all . i'm very dissatisfied with these spoons . i wouldn't waste your money on these . not worth it .
item looks nice but didn't last long . clip fell off in less than week of normal use . poor quality .
misleading item . its polyester ! . you cannot buy more artificial one for your baby . i am returning it back
horrible . absolutely horrible . if there was a choice for no stars i would have picked it .
what do you do with this app ? ? it makes no scence . someone help me out with this app ! please .
i would not buy one again . it is very cheaply made and is not comfy . do not waste your money .
loved the design broke within week of using sides are not meant to be opened for battery change out
i had such high hopes when i ordered this . hardly any meat and off taste . i will be returning it .
don't have too much to say after the first few minutes , we stopped watching it , that is how bad it was .
everything was fine , but it clearly says that it includes a free lighter , and it did not come with it .
so stupid ! people who like gangnam style are children ! the most stupidest thing ever ! why do people even like it ?
the product did not function at all . it was damaged from the time i opened it . should get my money returned
i finished reading so it was not a complete waste . i was disappointed in the plot and the chracter development .
it was smaller than i thought . buy bigger one . you gotta buy it one size bigger one okay ? got it ?
terrible . tasteless with inferior ingredients . my dog liked it , however .
an overprised low quality expensive toy .
the product wouldn't link to any of my three devisesbut the manufacture handled it by giving me a full refund
my experience has not been good . i cannot leave it connected because it leaks when the gas is turned on .
this is not an original swarovski ! but the price is just as much . the finishes around the crystal are poorly done .
had promise , bit just a hodge podge of new age mumbo jumbo in execution . sad ending for the tire king .
need better pictures to guide . just not always clear . i think they could be less background and much more simple .
this trap is garbage . after a week it had flies in it . my zapper kills night . do not waste your money .
my rabbit does not like this hay it has alot of yellow hard straw in it it pokes him hard
broke first time i used it hard to put on and take off phone don't waste your money no good
be careful . this charger does not work with w i even though it says so in the product description .
one of those baby books compared to all the other adnd books
the material of this wallett case for samsung galaxy s is not good , it break in two weeks in half
the necklets faded after the first time i wore it .
it breaks easily and will not be buy this product again . buy beware of this product from now on please .
the colored squares make it difficult for the user to enter and read candidate numbers
would love more about birds of prey . and more on lost shifter and that it the degree the foxs family .
you can buy this queen size duvet directly from ikea for . . what kind of ethics prevail on this site ?
these shoes do not fit like my other clark's . they are way to big . going to send back to you .
it looks great and was a great price however one of the mugs were cracked and the other was chipped
it seems like false advertising . there is one person and one pet in the package , not items . not fair !
this app is graph don't buy it its a piece of crap . it only blocks people uhf don't buy it !
it sucked fell apart like day after i got it would not ever buy one again waste of money
poorly made just bad comes apart easily no do not buy waste of money i would not recommend this product
doesn't charge sensitive items
just bad !
bull s it wont let me play it and theres no place to ask for a refund so im screwed
this program is pure garbage . it's not even fit for a novice . avoid it !
no remote memory problem no compatible wiring harness the modes do not work fine it is not professional audio
way smaller then looks , flat and broke in two days ! super cute but cheaply made i was really disappointed
did not get the cd ! business research methods with cd mcgraw hill irwin purchased on by donald
didn't like this game didn't try to much not easy to see on kindle so i took off my kindle
product arrived quickly and well packaged . however , my lashes look exactly the same as they did before i bought them .
i have been taking move free ultra for six months and just canceled my next order . i feel no difference .
it falls off , it's flimsy . doesn't fit right . i threw it in the trash it doesn't say on the tablet .
this cable tester worked for about minutes . useless , waste of money . would not recommend , even for testing short cables
this is probably one of the corniest books i have ever read and can't believe i actually finished it .
not well made . beautiful ballon but popped when filling it upbe careful not to fill it up all the way
what an incredible piece of crap . not worth cents , let alone bucks . this thing doesn't even shut properly .
not near as entertaining as the original . the acting is terrible and too decade specific . the original is classic .
poorly made , but you get what you pay for . they were for a halloween costume , so they served their purpose .
junk . barely fits in phone . already broke in days . not anything near oem quality . do not buy this product .
product broke a clip the first day of use . tablet slides out of top while carrying it . this product sucks .
gets old quickly
surprised with how small the cross was when i opened the box . i expected it to be a bit larger .
onesie ok but too tight for size xl mostly under the arms and in thighs and the crouch ok help
average bridge mix . not what i remember . the gels with the sprinkles should be tart !
won't work with my case .
i think the price was entered wrong . you might want to fix that . i am sure this was a typo .
looking for sleep bra for busty women . right shape , just not meant for larger bustlines .
after you play each game a few times , the novelty wears off . the games don't have much substance or depth .
gives some flavor to popcorn but not like i was hoping for . good product for the money . will buy again
i think this book is better for an older child , my mo . old destroyed the pop ups .
good page turner , believable story , but most importantly a book we are still thinking about two months after reading it .
no alternative language only english , poor audio quality , no subtitles , regular video quality , there are better spaghetti westerns out there
like the design but rack wobbles and one cruet leaks would not buy again . shipping as always was on time .
a book of quotes . not what i expected it to be . for browsing rather than reading . coffee table book ?
wide is not a true wide , at least not for me . had to send back .
it has worked well so far . the only problem is that they don't support flash cards over gb .
i personaly think that gundam is the best animae ever . the video rules .
this fleece , even after washing , is very stiff . it feels very cheap and not cozy as most fleece jackets feel .
the book was older than i expected and had an odor . otherwise it was okay .
if you like to bake , and want to learn more , this is a great addition to your library of cookbooks !
the game is ok , its just two short , needed to be longer .
this diary is too narrow makes writing in it difficult . should have bought one with bigger measurements . otherwise , ok
i usually buy books that i see reviewed in the nyt book review , but i didn't find this particularly engrossing .
cool effects , but a weak script pretty standard fair for most horror films .
as expected for the price . quality could have been better .
can on give a three star at this time , due to not really getting into it yet . should help in research
i liked the previous medal of honor . the single player is fun . the multiplayer servers were slow and glitchy .
smaller as expected
my son liked this dvd . he is a wwe gx fan . of course , gx no longer exists because shawn michaels retired .
it actually takes longer to charge than usb by probably more than percent . maybe this one has a defect .
an okay story , not as enjoyable as other books by this author though .
if you have nothing more interesting to read , this is ok as a short read , with predictable situations and endings .
it's okay for smaller air conditioners .
not wide enough runs small
your money'll be better used buying a led technology flashlight . however this is a nice normal one .
good quality , perfect size but the bowl wasn't made in usa , it came from india . it is light weight plastic
it's not bad . uv filter is good but not the cpl one . so think about the usefulness before purchasing . thanks !
it looks like cheep watch .
good book on the ancient wars in the middle esat big fan on this subject good illustratetion good picture good
i usually read light mysteries . a person with a handicap was intriguing and interesting , complicating in some areas for me .
not quite what i was expecting , but it ok .
it was a good follow up to waiting to exhale . nice to see how the ladies have grown and triumphed .
good read . liked all the stories and authors . def kept me interested and wanting more . is there a part ?
worked wonderful the first two days then not doing anything . how fast does the scent last on traps
did not work for me . it only makes me fall asleep deeply but does not make me fall asleep easily .
this charger will only power up my laptop it won't charge the battery so it's not like the oem charger .
family enjoyed it greatly , but flavor was too bright lemony for me .
do anyone know is garmin n uuml vi t gps support chinese ? can someone who already used it check for me ?
a good product though . size usually fits my daughter . huh . not sure with this product . got one from costco and it worked .
this movie is oknot one of my favorite adam sandler movies .
battery only lasts about weeks in our dog's bark collar , but well worth it to keep the collar working !
planes is a fun movie , but too much like cars . some parts are very funny while others are direct rip offs .
i purchased this bats for a craft it i was doing . the bats are alittle heavy but they will do
simple interface . i deleted because it gets repetitive on what you can do and i'm really not that into zombies .
not easy to keep this snug on your steering wheel unless your wheel is the exact same size .
i expected more animation and was disappointed . what can i say ? a letdown , though the story wasn't all that bad .
pages were too small . will buy dell pocket sudoku next time . no more to say . thanks , suzanneword word word
got it fast no holes kinda itchy when ya sweat , other than that a nice shirt
i wasn't really happy with how they stayed on . just couldnt get the bubbles out . but for the price ok
it only holds a small slim water bottle difficult to place remove a soda can from it too .
just ok . no original artista in some cases . wouldn't recommend . don't play much . don't even know where they are at .
just not my cup of tea . i'm not sure what i was expecting , but this wasn't it .
funny . the characters are becoming more rounded . the police procedural here is humorous but with an understaning of human nature .
how can anybody , human or nonhuman think of writing such a story ? you gotta wonder about this author big time .
easy little beach read with cute romance , some drama and mystery . quick read , nice group of characters . i liked it .
it was nice should have gotten an mediumtol was to small i am a small girl with big boobs
i got a lot of compliments on this case when i used it , but it fell off all the time .
doesn't want to work with my older head set . other than that the kit works fine .
this story was okay , not great . i would appreciate if someone would proof read this and fix the sentence structure .
way too long for a ' petite frame and not easily shortened due to cord at the bottom hem .
cute sounds of kittens and puppies . my granddaughter likes to play them and sometimes they get reactions from my own animals .
i bought a case for my wife to try and she hasn't opened a bottle yet . pearls before swine ?
does not light up like the picture on the internet . very low light for led lights . wish it was brighter
review haiku for contigo autoseal travel mug it keeps things warm , butthe button on the top ispretty annoying .
realmente me esperaba mucho mas y solo me gustaron canciones del disco .
although the things discussed in this book has been discussed in other books , this book is worth a read .
kind of boring the music and dances were good . june haber very pretty girl dan dailey always does good in films .
the outer silicone shell does not fit well , kinda loose in weird places . but with it off , good looking case .
well built and fast shipping . i was surprised it didn't come with pre drilled holes or hardware .
with the exception of the stephen king story , nothing stays with the reader . workman like but that's all .
the regular cafe britt seems to be much better . in fact i feel like there's no caffeine in this kind .
i liked the story a lot but characters were not memorable . good plotting .
cards frequently jam you have to push on the card catch tray just right to get it to work
i follow this author , she is really one of my favorites . nevertheless , i did not care for this particular book .
tastes yummy ! even though you swallow these pills whole , they have a nice aftertaste . other then that , i noticed nothing .
it s a good product , and i like it , i also have a small one for galaxy s for yrs .
it comes with a very long gold chain , i decided to get a different chain . the cicada is nice though .
not quite like the review . one of those books i just wanted to end . would not recommend unless your bored .
i got this guitar for my nephews they lovin it , they were surprise it doesn't come with the guitar picks
wish the picture quality was better . more hd movies and tv shows would be nice . i enjoy the service though .
i love the cover colors and design , but this was not quite as padded as i hoped it would be .
it was a great book but took forever to come ! i do not think i will be ordering person soon
these are very pretty and light however i do not thing they will wash well . they were a great price .
this is nice looking well made but to in . to short and i am ' '' if it would
this should be sized as t . this could not fit any size or child .
nice dress and the size is ok but its way shorter than it look . . . . . .
i find this tends to impart a rather bitter flavor to my strawberry dishes . it has the strawberry aroma though .
cheap case
this product was okay . i would have like a longer cable though , like my original cable was .
this bag is darling . but unfortunate its not great on the insulation . very thin . i guess its good for snacks ?
whats there is great but not enough for the money .
it has a ridge on one side that bugged me .
por quality tool . i'll never make the mistake of buying from this supplier again .
music sounded better with a movie in front of it . listened once and filed . sorry i bought it . ok then .
seems to work well but the holes for the thumb and fingers are really small for normal size adult hands .
not a book i would recommend to my mother but certainly it had me gripped rather predictably to the end .
not an interactive magazine which really is inexcusable art the point for kindle . publication should be interactive like ipad versions
color of case came as expected , but it came scratched and there's a small hole . it's okay other than that
this game is very easy . i got through most of the levels . but i'm sticks on one . love this games
it really serves the purpose . not the best protection but stil nice . i wish it was a little bit thicker .
not as advertised ! this will protect the device only . power cable will have to go somewhere else . maybe get lost !
it is what we expected . using it everyday for storage . would recommend it for anyonei give it stars
i really like erotic books and this one is a really good book i give four stars really loving it
this is a great book and came in great shape but it took way too long to arrive .
these treat bags were adorable but very poorly made . they were the perfect size for small bags of homemade candy .
fell apart a few days after purchasing , like the look of the wallet though , very fashionable . won't be buying again
this is a good cream for providing massage . it can be a little slick but it does soak in well .
the sound out of it is no louder then what the interal speaker of my kindle and ipod is already
smells good , shipped quickly , unfortunately it doesn't agree with my skin and dries me out .
the story was ok but there were lots of typos and chapter salso there was some bad language
purchased for my nokia c . it does not fit . this is a generic case that fits many models close enough .
i used it on hx . they are not the best glasses to get best d experience from hx tv
this does seem to give me more energy .
i've read better books . it mixes fantasy with reality . but , if you like life journey novels you'll love this book .
as far as locking pliers go this is average and i can honestly say the original vise grip is superior .
it's cute ! i am just not a big sudoku fan yet i keep trying .
this is listed as an oem which is fine . but be aware that it is proprietary to a dell server .
is the description correct ? disks with only minutes ? also . for only minutes ?
one of the packages had been opened and packs of the gum were missing . however the remaining packs were fine
fine
didn't really hear enough of it to rate it one way or another
i was neither bored nor exalted by this book of poems . the collection was so so to me .
entertaining but far fetched plot . like reading about tahoe and nevada and the great dane was a very nice touch
belkin f n notebook cushtop stand is okay , a litle pricey , in my opinion . i wish it's a little higher steeper slope
i was thinking that i would receive a superior product , but instead just a normal shaver , nothing great about it .
no manual , no quick start guide . just product . the bezel , frame around the edge had a crack , but functions correctly .
i would have liked it better if the display lit up to show who's calling when the surroundings are dark .
fast pace movie that is well worth the watch . be prepared to not want to move while it ison .
did not fit as tight as it should , if not for that it would be ok , don't think i would buy again
doesn't provide as much coverage as it states . had to double up and then , it's still iffy !
had hoped for a live feed . instead i can only watch selected segments of the shows i want to see .
it does it's work well . after couple of years the think cp coat started coming out from the glass !
pieces broke off after a few weeks but held though kids and a fall from the second floor .
an ok read i could guess the horrible point of the story before the maincharacter did . short and to the point .
squirrels can't get around this !
i think i like this product it look vrey good it seem that strategy guide book keep up the good
good
i wanted sheets that didn't wrinkle these wrinkle badly . i would not have bought them had i known this .
this is great for maybe scissors , rulers and stuff . it is a little to deep for pens and pencils .
haven't used it yet
it works with little more pressure than hose with spray nozzle . i would not buy it again for nearly . .
fit great , beads fell off shortly after purchase .
these shoes are rather cheap feeling and sized way too small ! get one size up ! i would not recommend these .
need a size can i return these and get a bigger size please tell me how this can happen
i though it was a little pricey for the quality . but my grandson loved it just the same .
tri peaks is a fun game in any format . this one is too . nothing spectacular on the screen , but plays well .
looks like i have hooves .
it had a good meaning to it and lt had nice stories to learn from the readings enjoyable to read
the toe box was really narrow even though i bought the wide and i ended up with five blisters . ouch !
interesting but slow at timessmart people making some stupid mistakes when traveling don't want to spoil it for you
these blinds do the job but they are cheap and look cheap . i expected something with a little better quality
the quality looks good for the price . size was smaller than expected . i am returning them for a larger size .
how come other pandora apps are commercial free ? i mean did you guys lose a contract or what ad free please .
it was a good cd that i listened to a lot back in the day . i like seether for sure
material seems a bit cheap , not as thick as my old adidas sports back . but not bad for the price .
having to hot glue the bows back onto clips even glue the bows back together .
unfortunately , this is a disappointing jumble of a book . it does not appropriately represent the work of eggleston .
difficult to rate since i didn't see much improvement in my joint health .
the questions that were on the actual exam were not at all similar to the ones in this book .
fit perfect of course , but be careful when removing my girlfriend ripped one of them
i thought it would be softer . it's pretty hard , but it's ok . i am using it and it is attractive
la pr eacute sentation du tewte est a eacute r eacute e , mais sommaire . dommage pour un texte qui m eacute rite quelques illustrations qui enrichieraient cet ouvrage
when i played this it was awesome then when i got finished i had to pay to get new levels .
these books are smaller and less well bound and finished than i remembered from many years ago . trying to save paper ?
it is much heavier than i anticipated . i am still trying to decide if the cooling will offset the weight .
amusing characters . likable enough . no great surprises . quick likes her heroines studious and a bit flighty , her heros dark and damaged .
they are nice but they are a tight fit have to put cotton behind ears , but otherwise they are okay
while i enjoyed the story and the characters , some the escapes made by the characters are a little far fetched .
good movie . not a watch it times type but a good watch .
detailed with names and military units to the point of making it somewhat difficult to read and hard to follow .
it was a good book i liked the first one better . i'm going to look for more from this author .
well i am a very long time fan of johnny . i was disappointed in the album . johnny can sing better by himself . yep .
center bolts don't thread in , too small . got one to stay in loosely . i use it everyday . good enuff . hhhh
i love the violin charm , but i do not love the necklace . . . very cheap and kinks very easily .
as good as i expected not bad and not better . what you can get for much a lower price product .
not very protective . cute but not so protective . this was for a young girl and it is not quite enough
some of the later ones are very challenging and you really have to give them a lot of thoughts . fun .
but rather blue than green and did not match my wall color which is what i was going for . done
nice size , long burning . would like more cinnamon scent . would buy again based on size and bang for the buck .
came fast , but not sharp .
camera has no flash . phone was not delivered on time
really pretty good . light reading .
camera died . lots of hoops to jump through . what a pita .
so far this is performing as expected . do wish though that this manufacturer took used batteries in return for recycling .
a good quick read . i will purchase the next best thing , pulled my hearts strings . hopefully i won't be disappointed .
cheesy but funny ! my year old was laughing all the way ! definitively not one of the scariest horror movies .
poor fit .
good product but the shipping cost was ridiculous . i should have just bought it at my local school house store .
the sizing was not accurate . i ordered a large and it fit like a small . the coat was beautiful though .
mitten is great but too small ! i'm asian and still too small for my hand . wish it's a little bigger .
good book . can't wait to read more books by this author . well done , and imaginative . two thumbs up . well done too .
pants a bit on the tight side , vest is a bit baggy so it's ok . i hope it helps . d
good no complaints
the visual quality will increase with a internal black foam ! i suggest to make this change in your manufacturibg process
the product is over priced disney should rethink products required for badges or gifts in game . not nice for players
the first firestarter was a great film , but the uneeded sequel sucks . buy this only for the first .
it came with a prong broken but since it does not affect it from opening closing it was ok .
it's says you can machine wash on delicate but full of wrinkles when done . stitching not very strong either .
rap on acid . interesting and clever lyrics with lots of sound effects .
it doesn't really explain very well how to build the projects . a few cool ideas , but parts were completely outdated .
dispensable , big and ugly and not so usefull . i don't use yet and i dont know whem i'll use it .
average condition for a used book and with shipping the price , the total was so , so . the delivery took weeks !
fun movie . enjoyed the accents , but a little hard to understand at times .
it is a rubber case , with a clip and it fits the nano what can else can we say ?
added to another amplifier that came with attic antenna it made it better but not great . it boosts signal some .
while i didn't feel the need to keep the lights on . the stories were well done and kept my interest .
definition was not high def quality .
the amazon gift card is great . i only have one problem with it and that is it can't be regifted
it is an older book but has some useful information about several different types of crafting .
received early quality was poor you get what you pay for but i would order again because of the price
not quite the results as shown but will keep trying and hope will see more results and improvement in growth .
haven't used as yet , i hope that they work as advertised . such a good price ! donna
really good and fun my whole family was playing it together , it's entertainment for the whole family with kids involved
good while it lasted . the strings have been breaking one by one . doesn't work properly after months of use .
it was great as a gift for my boyfriend's father .
i received a calf king size . however , i could have mistakenly ordered the wrong size . the product irself was good .
it is ok but does not as long as my new braun shaver
the boots were returned due to defects , they were missing the eyelets for the laces other wise they were ok .
it ain't that bad . the images are kinda low quality though . i expected better . overall ehh . not too shabby i guess
amazon kept me hanging for months promising a book they never delivered . i finally got it at the local library .
it is a great game but the ball always gets stolen on the kindle because you can't spin please fix !
nice color , wish they were brighter
typical clymer . will get you most of what you need , but not as good as an original shop manual .
comfortablenot real sturdythe fur on the inside comes off so easyalso , i have very large calves so it doesn't fit
good western science fiction comedy movie some parts language questionable for younger children , but overall a funny family movie
i wasn't impressed with this product . it didn't seem to do much for me , but at least it wasn't irritating .
this is a great item , if you have to fork out to replace as indicated .
capacity for just recharges from my galaxy iv cellular , not as the instructions said . but it works good .
this doesn't look like swarovski more like plastic but it's sparkly and my year old daughter likes it .
mathematically interesting , but watch out for misprints . if you want to actually implement something look elsewhere .
ok but kind of predictable . very good writing and a thrilling novel . would like to see it in a movie .
good time pass episode's if you have nothing interesting else to watch .
i was very dissatisfied because the paws peeled within a few days of having it , and it broke very easily .
characters not that interesting . main character screwed up a lot .
timeless but not little . good resource . little brown and apa need to get married . information overload . why isn't it brown ?
my son has fun w the camera but the pictures aren't clear . pictures are fuzzy .
these came in small ziplocs instead of factory sealed . i use them in small flashlights . they are working so far .
eh it worked ok
the actual size is much smaller in person than what was expected . it is pretty though . it looks comfortable too .
works good but slow leak at valve and safety is a little loose make trigger sticky .
grand daughter downloaded this . she plays with on occasion . thinking about removing it from my kindle . not much to it .
performs as well as oem . fit was a little tight but eventually docked in position . will probably buy again when needed .
seems useful so far . ive only used it for a couple of days . requires me to rate it too early !
this is not really a must have , but for hardcore horror fans its a refreshing addition to your collector sets
these will do . but , i should have got the individual ones with a handle . these things will kill your hands .
i needed a backup if in the wilderness with no matches . it works ok and was pretty cheap . i'm satisfied .
i have box braids but i see results in my edges so i think it worked on my entire head
keeps you entertained for hours , well acted and paced . interesting to see patrick dempsy in an early role . recommended .
cute sandals but ran very small . don't get them if you have a narrow foot .
it's a little like wheel of fortune , but as others reviewers have said , it does lack speed and often crashes .
the lines are a little small , but works well for what i need it for .
the price is good , the product works , it is extremely hard to get game cartridges out of the console
nine west has always fit me in my size , but these did not . had to hassle with the return , etc .
having a hard time getting into this book . seems to be a little bit of a slow read for me .
good song fast download , if you like country very good song and would recommend it to people that like country
i thinks its just ok it isn't the best but its just ok . the game gets boring after a while .
keyboard is too small to work with , don't like the mouse . some people may like the small size of it .
the cord worked and wasn't damaged so , good job ! will see to buying again if i need a replacement .
it's ok , it did have me entertained , but it all the story evolves around the same subject , again and again .
when i tried to create an account it would say trouble registering user and this happened times . please fix .
please watch your children when playing with this . the legs and arms move but if positioned incorrectly they pinch . ouch !
very poor or non existent instructions . finally i was able to load it . guess i'll not order key card items again .
it's a pretty polish , a bit chucks but once on it dies look pretty . sparkles in the light . love it
simply written . a quick read for over night or a weekend . cute , showed creativity , very interesting story line . must read .
good movie but not hd quality for blue rays . story is good and good to see one of the best broadway musical
not as good as i'd have expected from cold steel , but it is cheap and ok as a second knife .
nice a bit big but i really like the quality for the price i paid good job on this product
sounds great and is durable . it's heavy though . be prepared for a little workout . takes a while to ship too .
i used this as a swimsuit cover up and it runs somewhat small . it also has a low v neck .
was given to an eight year old girl for christmas , and this toy is not played much .
improbable plot and characters . good theme . don't expect a movie .
my daughter love them . she was happy so was i . i would recommend , they are a great size for toddlers .
cool material always sticks , only problem there's a website where you can get three roles for instead of one
size chart showed medium as , package says medium is which is too small . large would have fit fine .
keyboard is ok but lack of travel . need time to adapt to this keyboard . a little to small to handle .
should have listened to the whole album before purchasing . unfortunately , i wind up only listening and enjoying he hit songs .
my mom loved it !
i like it but i didnt connect for some reason . great if you want some thing to read . thanks you
this item has a great price , but they run small and are thinner than the carters brand .
it would have gotten stars if it didnt have huge scratches on the front .
i really liked it . it was fun and easy to read . the character solomon is mysterious and quite entertaining . great !
good read for vacation trip . enjoyedthe book . will read other books by this author . not too complex easy and fast read
had potential to be a great movie
not what i thought it would be . not powerful enough for what i wanted .
not the best maybe it's just me , but this one seemed confusing and not up to his best . too bad .
these have lasted season being used by teams ranging in age from . i would buy them again .
very cute case and fairly easy to clean chopsticks . resist high temperatures . love the desing and the color , highly recommended .
these puzzles are pretty when completed , but not very challenging . they need to be more complex and therefore more interesting .
the package arrived with usb cable . did not the gift and the pencil . it is not like the picture
the picture is not painted on the porcelain . it's just a sticker . the chain is gold .
this appears to be a good product , i think the seed might have been two or three years old , thanks .
i also have the otterbox , so i don't knowif i need this , but im not removing it !
it is pretty good for the price . cute . fun . easy to clean but shows a lot of finger prints . fun .
cool , but not cool enough for a square ft room . may be arizona is too hot for this device .
its really cute . but the material looks very cheap . but when you wear it it doesn't look like it .
the smell of this pad is toxic ! not as substantial as i was expecting . but i will still use it .
it looks and feels cheap . i expected something a little more fancy . it almost feels like plastic beads painted silver
i bought one just like this before from micheals for some reason that one works better . good buy tho
does the job
the book was a bit confusing , half way through before i figured out was going on with the story , but fun
this nail polish isn't horrible but not great , a little hard to work with , the green chipped off pretty fast .
not a bad flashlight for the price , but the sliding zoom focus adjustment ring is loose and won't hold it's position .
performance has been sketchy for me . playback sometimes ends mid play . i've stopped using it because it's just too much trouble .
i like the look of this hat . it is very feminine and the ribbon is very pretty . i recommend it .
like it ok .
simply too small for me ! if you need super tiny then it's for you . otherwise i think it's too easy to loose .
the hoop itself was good , but the ball was junk . it was not a round ball and didn't play well .
looked good and was inexpensive . one strip died within a few weeks .
cute , my kids like it , and the daily squares are large enough to put activities in . fits my needs perfectly .
i iike the earrings but was a little disappointed with the size . the picture showed them to be slightly larger .
interesting
not sure it will stand up to its use . paper towel holder looks ok but is thin wood . oh well .
flight of the quetzalcoatlus is the same exact book as flight of the winged serpent . becareful when shopping .
i thought that it was a good magazine but it took too long to finish . i mostly enjoyed cell lockup .
looks good , but one size bigger .
they are very warm . my only complaint is that the elastic is not very tight and they slide down easily .
didn't cost much and it isn't worth much . wrinkles and fades soon . looks good when first applied .
it was sent on time and they are working fine . it was a good purchase
it is hard to scrape down the sides of the bowl , while its runningsince the edge is slow close
these things don't last long enough for what they charge should be cheaper
kinda pricey for something so cheaply made . the plastic has sharp edges . but for a novelty toy , its not bad .
the description says that this watch comes with a black leather wrist strap . but it came with a green one .
after reading the other rating , i had second thoughts . so far it works . will rate it better after more use .
good quality . will buy more when i need . also baught the smaller size coupon holders . these are easier to use .
not up to his usual suspense . to predictable and plodding . sometimes found the book too long and got bored with it .
filled a need . found a better fit and smoother belt on another site . keep this one as a spare . whew
i ordered xxl shirts and that is what ccame in the mail . but the shirts could of fit an xxxxl .
good book a i oh u but i think it's fun have a go here flappy get home have high
although this book was ok , the trading spaces book , instant impact , was far better in my opinion .
pretty , but poorly cut stones . you get what you paid for , so for the price , it is a decent deal .
the plot was too predictable . i knew who the killer was within the first minutes of viewing the film .
another manipulation of the subject . the title is more impressive than the content .
it's cute but smaller and shorter than i expected .
because of the length of time it takes to charge the battery and it dies faster than my other battery
not the best quality cable i would recommend buying a better cable
this is a good game however , i don't like the fact that a person can quot run out the clock in tournament mode .
exactly what i needed for my fiance . however , shrank quite a bit after a wash and dry on low setting .
not what i expected when inspect the tees they had small holes in them so i'm returning them
the hose is good , seems durable but when moving it around , it does link very easily which becomes a nuisance .
this is my youtube unboxing if your interested ask questions if you got anyi will have a review out shortly .
the packaging looks a bit torn and tattered so i'm not exactly sure if it's brand new or used before .
cool game , but you need two game cartridges if you want to play against someone else .
good customer service , addressed any concerns i had with great care . i would do business with them again .
this movie is not nearly as good as you would expect from the cast . kinda cheesy throughout most of it .
this is a nice light hearted read , a nice change of pace from the darker stuff i have been reading
was a good rainy day read . enjoyed it's pace and will definitely read more of deanna's books in the future .
but the cover art is simply terrible . even i could have done a better job with photoshop or something .
the title caught me a little bit off guard . this was not the book i intended to order . my mistake .
this screen protector didn't fit the phone exactly , i had to cut it in order for it to fit right .
insightful . a bit pessimistic at times . but also candid . a valuable read for those of us seeking a lasting relationship .
purchased this because my daughter says it the best coffee around . i wasn't impresssed . there are others i like better .
very nice looking product but the tea is very old i believe , has very little flavor .
its ok
was ok , i read through it fairly fast , do not like the cover , but hey that is my own opinion .
sturdy and works well . top is very pretty but the part under the collar the metal stick looks very cheap .
no wonder miracle just another cream , did not notice expected results . may continuos use makes work but i doubt it .
i prefer the peeled option but i'm glad that i've tried both now . soaking this version overnight helps a lot .
i expected a comedy but it was more of a lite drama . not a bad movie with a good story .
. it may have helped my arthritic knee , but my knee doesn't always hurt . it did not help my elbow tendinitis .
i enjoyed the movie but i did not care for the ending it seemed incomplete and left me wanting more .
good one
an esthetician i do recommend , but i do not like the feel and look afterwards
they were okay
thought was bigger but it's very tiny
i like the fact the quantity you get for the price . the covers work great for a short period of time .
the stockings were exactly what i needed , but the size was not . my mistake ! good value but could not use .
didn't enjoy as much as some other books . i am a fan of scott sheoerd but this was not his best . dick beeson
its ok for the i paid . the watch feels cheap when you hold it . this is a large watch .
just as describe . fits the bonsai nicely .
this is a pretty bracelet and someone else might like it , but it didn't have enough sparkle for me .
this thing is freakin' huge . it's okay if you're going to use it only at home , but portable , it ain't .
a decent movie worth seeing if you can't figure out what else to watch . very good acting especially by cusack .
colors could be more vibrant and the slits could be wider . i had a difficult time inserting paracord through them .
pan cooks fine but it stained pretty badly after the first use .
i would like to magnified the brief review of obove mention book , please do me a favor
this inexpensive line connects my pc to panasonic bluray player bd unit for streaming movies via netflix . fast and convenient .
book very simple , requiring more information in diagrams easy to record . it is a book very little didactic . excessively simple and very incomplete
fits but not as snug as i had hoped . good product and safe .
very light , not great for the beach . a light breeze will blow it away . not what i expected . very disappointed
i expected a lots . but it''s just okey stuff . i am looking for another one . i can't trust review anymore .
guess i just don't get it . mystic tales that are supposed to have a point , but it's beyond me .
loved hunger games series this series is no where near as good . i'm actually having a tough time getting through it .
i chose this rating because even though fit well the boots seem cheaply made i was expecting better quality . t
a few cups were warped or squished and unusable . the ones that were not broken worked great for party cups !
it was a bit disappointing . it was very hard to get into theheart and soul of the book . didn't finish .
for a die hard wheel horse fan . it did the trickotherwise just a cheap clock to hang on the wall .
i usually enjoy faye kellerman but the mystery wasn't anything special and the storyline with gabe and yasmine is insipid .
it looks perfect but actually this product is hard to care . it seldom help me to protect my macbook . i
fascinating , but gets tedious after awhile , when the same activities repeat themselves over several decades . may have been a short story .
works well , but the sound quality is lacking , not very sharp clear reception . very ease to use once paired with phone
it was a great case it just isnt really orange its kind of a peach colour , a tad bit disappointing
the seasoning is too heavy . i will eat them , but only because i ordered a bunch .
the xbox is okay . it was a christmas present for someone else . the headphones were broken when we received it .
still reading the book . i havent had much time to do any reading . will update when i finish the book
i guess it was ok , some i did not get and i am a kid and it said for kids
it was ok but didn't have enough room for everything .
not too bad . seems pretty solid . i like it . and it looks quite nicei had no issues with it .
takes a long time to ship if you don't pay extra to get it to you . it's worth the price .
i love the graphics on this calendar , but the date spaces and numbers need to be larger .
not bad but the volume sounds little low . everything else is fine looks good . for the price its good buy .
very cute . but took forever to show up . but worth the wait for the price . kinda worried about lead though .
i can not say that i saw any difference , so i did not reorder . i saw no difference . was disappointed .
much less sensitive than a wired mouse . good for general use , but not good enough for gaming or precise work .
it still needs to be tweeked which is quite difficult
could be better but gets the job done
it was fun to listen to during the holidays . it made the atmosphere more cheery . i enjoyed it very much .
mr toad survived years living out doors then he broke down . me sad , i am very very sad
the sleeve very tight and too long
i like this type of game it is a fair copy of space invaders no more words to say grrrrr
quality of this product is bellow average . i was not satisfied . i hope you will sell better product . m . mosley
it works but is a little difficult to use because the software is awkward
it's okay . i read other books that were better . very short book . i would suggest other readings before this book .
ok but just very small and didn't hold cord very well . would have liked it to be a bit larger .
i did not read the previous issues leading to this but was a good middle act . tempted to buy conclusion
comfortable , nice color , but the fabric pills like crazy . it's not a shirt that will last .
was not quite what i expected . i thought they would be singing the old gospel music like they used to .
i like ben's previous work much better . but thats just my opinion .
the red paint on the cardinal left alot to be desired . next spring i intent to paint the red myself . dt
it's ok , but i like using the google authenticator instead .
very good cd compared to most music out today but it is highly overated .
too large . returned . size in ape .
now with crazy american voices . not as good . b
i wanted more . even though it was a short story the dialoguewas good . just expected more out of the story line
enjoyed the period settings and the set up for the plot , but i feel asleep before the movie ended . sorry .
not very exciting . and a lot of repeating of the same thing . had potential but fell short in my opinion .
i like these kind of books but this just was not for me . it was slow .
the only problem was the ring size was too tight on my finger . i've gained weight . thank you any way .
ok however i probably won't be purchasing it again . i only purchased it for a christmas gift for a teenager .
prompt deliverylong and drawn outdoes explain sadcan get same information from the internetpublished material is not current
works pretty well , though gobbles up v batteries , so hopefully you have a plug near by !
cute at first but never use , deleted it to save space .
after washing these a few times they have a fall apart .
this is the source of randall moir's window glass analysis method that is most easily accessed .
its not good for kindle because , you cant write in it . otherwise it gives good advice , and also has funny stories
didn't fit on my car i
it's not a bad game , but i do like the idea of playing random players , it beats playing by yourself .
my first in the series . if the writer can keep up this speed i will probably order the entire series
typical maupin circa . good story , interesting twists , moving but i miss the earlier dramas , variety of characters and surprises
the music of this cd is a nice representation of the music of nicaragua .
i laughed out loud in a few spots . looking forward to reading the other three books in the mercury series .
buy the book , cd's are not necessary . sylvia doesn't have the right voice for meditation tapes .
interesting read , but some of plot is a little unrealistic like science fiction . recommend to all lee child fans .
it cost too much , but if you really need it , is a good option . is the original part so it's expensive .
i have not had to change the ink refill yet , but i'm sure these will be fine .
tried it , it ok
just ok
it is remanufacturing . it looks like it has been refilled . it comes with dirty bag , but it works .
book arrived very quickly . great service again . thank you so much .
it's alright
love it . bought it for my little sister it was her favorite book . she memorized every single rhyme in it
this was in d in theater . is there going to be a d release ?
i don't know if recipes r great or not . . . . . . . . . . .
this is a narrower shoe than i expected . had to buy a bigger size than i normally wear .
it is refreshing to have excitement without the negative influences of the devil . thank you so very much . amen amen
this is a well made item but i am disappointed because i really thought it was bigger , for the price .
this does not sound like green day at all but more like devo . its good but not what i expected .
product was fine . shipping was great . movie is eh .
just did not like the content and it was a slow read and i just gave up on reading it .
they fit fine , however , i would have preferred a little more padding . they are a bit thin for my taste .
it's ok i like the other jazz one betternot enough bass in musicmore bass more bass in the music
i would like one of thw clasp sides to be more solid so one hand can easly align and snap
color received was unknown at purchase . packaging was sub par torn . gloves appear to be good quality . i would recommend the product .
play this its fun but it say this app needs internet when i put it right next to the internet
i give the books that she originally wrote under mary kay andrews stars . these are not as good .
this biography was a pleasant read . it was gifted to friend of the author . contains nice photos and family history .
this pointer is compact and works well , but the metal is pliable and when full extended could be easily bent .
doesnt hold a charge very long but it was very cheap . good to have in emergency for sure . better ones out there
very thin , hard to handle .
i can't recall what this book was about
good
the quality of the product is great , nice shape , everything . it is just slight smaller than i had previousy envisioned .
good read . short and very predictable . not bad for a free read . i would recommend to a beginner . not too bad .
good erotic literature . not too juvenile and not too crude . easy read .
my granddaughter like this game
. you see colin firth's bum two lovely times . need i say more ?
it is a good manual . but it does not go in to detail on my zx r .
very nice but a bit pricey . well packaged and overall my adult daughter loved it !
great information , but i didn't know it was made with a low ink printer cartridge . much of it was unreadable .
it works so far , i like the led light .
this is extremely entertaining , but the author doesn't have the background or authority to guaranty any of it is true .
great show , but when will episode be on amazon instant video ?
the product was cute and the fut was good , but it started peeling a few weeks after i got it .
good taste , but they are so small . good for when you just have to have a cookie .
kool but its too small .
much smaller than i had thought they would be , but decent enogh toy , just little
not heavy duty enough for my second graders . they began to tear a few days later . particularly in the pocket .
nice product for the price its a little hard to keep on but other than that its a fine product
there's no nugget in this game just wonder around and go through levels . some of the jumps are unnecessarily hard .
the product is of low quality .
this started out great but got a bit wishy washy in the middle . surprise ending though which saved the day .
it's ok it still doesn't hold a charge , but i think it is my phone , which i will replace shortly .
not great quality but i got what i paid for .
fast shipping
i am very happy with this product . it makes excellent yogurt . i only wish it had a timed off option .
i think every one will enjoy this but i would hilly recamend being com because it is hard to upload
it's not quite what i expected , and it gets scratch marks on the front and back . would not order again .
for this price i could find better ones in georgia . i think the item was not described well
it was a little big , but it's a good material and i love it so much ! glad i bought it
expected the round one and came the flat sticks . thought to return but we were in urgent need so used
was interesting but began to feel like the same story over and over . unfortunately , i wasn't motivated to finish it .
this show is okay . good summer shoe to wear with dresses . not casual like flip flops , not too dressy either
it charges my dell xps m however two caveats . it operates extremely hot . it interferes with my direct tv signal
service delviery was great , product was less then good . ehh . ok . but too expensive . not best .
i would have liked it more about harry and less about this retired fbi guy so it wasn't my favorite .
spicy
leather looks fine , but no way to keep the android secured in the case . no holder to secure the android .
it was fun to read . i really would show my friend maya . if you like fun books it is for you
i thought i was paying for boxes of bandages , which is what i wanted . instead i got bandages .
needs more flavor not enough butter , sugar and otmelher flavors the caramel corn at the grocery is just as good sure is notgourmet
what you think of me is none of my business . that stayed with me . otherwise not so much of use .
not exciting to read but makes the point about how a church can change culture and help people .
product was fine , packaging fine , price fine , but it took a long time to reach me .
seems like a nice device but it didn't come with an instruction manual , nor can i find one online . frustrating .
the kids don't pay that much attention to it , just the squirrel . they find it uncomfortable to play with it .
pretty good investigation into the mystery behind obamas colleagues , parents , and his true motives as president . quiet convincing and provocative .
a cute story by to much left out . it was bare . could had been better . was to short and not runoff zeal .
won't wear it until oct ' . i buy my next year's halloween costume right after this year's event is over .
i liked the first book better . however , both books have ' wet my appetite for the movie . easy read . nice .
writing was poor . directing was weak . they could have done a lot more with a great story like this one .
google navigation is not that good you the internet to get on it i do not no what to do
it's a great tool to wash potato , but it might take some effort to clean it afterwords .
interesting book . but wesley clarke who wrote the forward is an airhead and a sychophant par excellence .
just want i needed for my rpm
it was a great ending to the series but it felt a tiny bit rushed . i would def recommend it !
this workbook would be perfect and complete simply by adding a paragraph of how to explain the exercises .
haveing trouble getting the software to work on our computer . it's really too bad because the camera itself is wonderful .
the color of the bag is super dark almost wine , otherwise its a nice tote bag but wrong picture color !
the ropes included are too short and immediately fray .
this was a good read . i enjoyed the little glimpse in the main characters life . i enjoyed the break . nice
this dress is a bit too short , the fit otherwise is ok . i would have preferred a bit more length
what can you say it works , clips on to side of pitcher easily , but the storage case is sucky !
color not as described ! after writing to the seller , he did offer to take it back and reimburse me .
i thought the description said it was for all swiss army watches but this did not fit my model .
well worked by the main character , but i expected a bit of more action .
like this product is elastica is necessary ask for a biguer size . the quality is god and the presentation correct
i did not expect goliath to have so much hair . my baby keeps putting the hair in his mouth .
not bad . simple and easy . speed clock makes no sence . great for passing the time . a a a a a
the book does not look as good in reality as it does on the pictures , but it's decent and practical .
just a strange little book giving a pat on the back to the hard working dr who made house calls
not to bad service , overall pretty good customer service and not to bad at quick contactokokokokok
i thought this book was very dated . i will look for a more up to date written book in the future . disappointed .
i had really hoped for more finely crushed ice , but it does operate smoothly and is easy to keep clean .
rough around the edges , was afraid to put them in my ears .
the chain is short . it is not like i supposed . i don't recomend it for a gift . try with another one
had hoped for war brides in the united states . was disappointed that it wasn't . life was difficult . brings back memories .
keyboard works fine but the clasps that hold the tablet in place come out all the time . otherwise qulality okay .
loved it at first , but it's not easy to clean and after awhile it froths jerkily , even with new batteries .
balloon did not hold t helium very well half deflated by the end of the party . we were disappointed .
if your looking for antiquated technology pick up some of these babies . you will usually find these in old schools .
sundays are always a busy day for us . its always good to not have to always eat out on sundays !
impossible for little kids to take out , and very difficult to get out even as an adult .
rusts very easily . high maintenance
cute .
pleasant enough . mellow , not very flavorful . next time i will make my own with ingredients i know to be fresh .
missed the first series so i am sure there are some missing tie ins but still fun to read
ehh , but price is right
i was impressed with the speed of the products deliver , but somewhat dissapointed in the quality of the products scans .
faulty connections , had to send it back for a new one
this item was not what i expected . i was expecting something a little different , but it will do for now .
it was fine at first then it stopped working and i can't turn it on
leaks
sizes run smaller than advertised . the staff was polite when i called and they refunded the money without a problem .
it was good product for my lap top that i have to use it to view programs in my tv .
it wasn't really what i was looking for . i thought it would be more of a journal than anything .
nice looking but they hurt my feet ! the toe area is where they hurt , other then that they were nice !
not as much detail about carnegie himself . kind of glossed over a lot of his life in my opinion . not very exciting
my two year old daughter enjoyed the story and colors on the pages . this was an okay read for free .
i liked this bumper . i used it for a few months . not the best quality , but it served its purpose .
had to return item was too small for me . so i don't really have that much to write about it .
i like dodging
it' good . not great , but good . after mo i do not even feel it anymore .
st just stopped working , wasn't misused , wasn't droppedi need to keep typing just so i can submit this , asinine
i have thick , but fine wavy hair . found this worked good , not great though . haven't found that great product yet .
when i received the phone , i found that there are many filthy in the cracks , not just customers to test .
some of the instructions were not explained well , but it helped enough for me to get my tablet set up .
no frills beauty bombast on what is probably the groups best work to date , if wearing its compositional limitation comfortably .
out dated . however excellent to the time of publication for history .
cute . great cut . awful materials . wish it was more durable . very thin
this is quite funny but way too short . wouldn't buy another one for this price .
arrived earlier than expected but the smell is almost not exist and the string is short !
i am satisified with my headphones they are a plus when trying to watch tv and not disturb anyone else
may take longer than the couple of weeks . i will keep hope , i know the evidence is there for it .
it was worth . , but i'm glad i didn't go see it at the theater . plot seemed to drag on
the bose bag should be designed so that the bose sound dock would fit . i would'nt recommend this bag .
not great but worth a watch . still think arnold's conan was the better movie . blah blah blah blah blah blah
daughter list interest . i ended up finishing it
as a former sign painter i really enjoyed the art work and the interviews with the sign artists . good job !
awesome product works great , a bit pricey thoughgot the same thing the auto parts store for bucks less .
my kids loved it and i bought it for another child as a birthday gift . they had great fun with it
found this a book more for younger persons than myself . more for the teenage crowd . they would probably enjoy it .
this is great is you travel , but too expensive for home use . get the print edition instead .
heavy music . torture . blood . insanity . lags a bit but it's a cult movie . just buy it and then buy the soundtrack .
quality is great but has a lot of back ground noise says anyone on the other end of the call .
it was just too royal blue for me . cute dress style , but just wasn't my look . fit as expected though
nice board to ride nice and fast with new wheels and bearings we suppliedcheerskevy
i really like this movie even with the subtitles . but its not very scary because of the subtitles . who too
. i thought this was a good song . i've listened to it twice , and i've lost that loving feeling i guess .
i was disappointed with these puzzles . i prefer straight forward jigsaw puzzles . there is no challenge to putting blocks together
but is cheap made and overheats if you use the computer at the same time , burns out after a year
they are ok , you have to make sure they are the correct size , sometimes a large really means extra large .
i like this product , however , some of the jewels fall off , so you need to treat it with clear coat .
bold lettering and very noticable but the adhesive backing is not very strong .
not what i expected material was a little flimsy and shirt wasnt as long as the jerseys i am used to .
common sense information to decipher on an individual basis to find out if being an expat is realistic . good read .
dressed smelled and quaility is poor but for price what can you expect will try to jazz up to wear
nice looking boots but heel is much higher than stated in description . actual heel is about . . may return them .
these eventually start to wear , but they lasted quite a long time and are worth their purchase price for sure .
nothing to describe these sleeves shipped with the cd order i placed .
this game is okay just something to pass time . i would not pay for this game . glad it was free
not going to waste time viewing it again
my son years old likes them , but the stories are just ok . quality of the books is good though .
toy too small , manf . doesn't have a registration process for bikes from outside vendors for notification of problems or recalls
nothing that you don't find in you tube , but thank you anyway . arrived fast and in good condition . maybe it will need updating .
this movie really shows you how men thing . my husdand and i really enjoyed the movie . the ending was disappointing .
after seeing seven samurai , this movie is ok , i was hoping more out of it , but it's ok .
the cut was a little different on this pair so they weren't as loose fit as they should have been .
takes a little time with a short learning curve . does a good job on schnauzer's extra fine leg and stomach coat .
while this story was often interesting , the narrative format caused it to bog down and be difficult to wade through .
very thin , sharp blade good for light duty work . for under , it's worth the price .
book itself was brand new in packaging , but the shipping took about a week longer than it was supposed to
great game . really fun to play when boredyou should give it a tryonly problem is you have to buy coins
i ordered a few dvd's at once but this one took considerable longer that all the others .
this imitation maple extract has good flavor but will lose it's flavor over time if its not used rather quickly .
i really enjoyed reading this book , however it is kind of short . hence my star rating . nice short read
a stupid is a stupid does , and tom hanks is stupid .
i was not entirely thrilled about the condition of the case , but my boyfriend liked it for his present so .
packaging crushed upon arrival . tube was only full .
though the story seemed disjointed in some parts , overall this book is an enjoyable read . recommend for dee henderson fans .
a cute book . nice sequel . quick read . nice vine connecting the stories . a good girlie book . give it a whirl .
the ear buds start to rip , and hard to replace . didn't come with a extra buds either , like it shows .
i like life . i hope they make more . maybe be on tnt .
strings loosen up quickly and don't stay in place . not worth the money . would not buy again , ,
kinda iffy to play with the digital keys but still the great , classic duke nukem d .
cheaper looking in person than the pictures but for the money what you gonna expect over all not bad !
it was promised batteries but it is not batteries includedit was promised batteries but it is not batteries included
i was hoping it would help more with my neck pain which it hasn't yet but it is very comfortable .
is what it is . i needed a spare hdmi cable and found this one to be the best deal . thanx !
although this book is clearly british it can be useful to us on this side of the pond . good read .
the temperature gauge works fine , but the humidity gauge does not work , and the time is almost impossible to regulate .
really nice and girly . wish it was a tiny bit looser though . colours and make are really good .
great comedy dvd and it came on time as notified with out any issues . this is a must recommend dvd .
not well constructed . it was torn on our first trip
my kids love it wish there was more for free . i like that its got games for each age level
seems to have issues when running webcam , remote meeting software , one monitor shuts off and on
a nice game for my five year old .
o . m . g my brother read that in secendsi read that in secondsi hate the book it is ok but missing ackashen
it is a good product but mine is deliver with a very poor sound and the headset doesn't work .
could use more instructionsi am not sure how or why to use this it came on time thoughno problemsat all
good book . i would recommend every man and boy read it . also a good book for the ladies to read .
i didn't really see any changes as a result of taking this . however , i didn't resume after the days .
they are gorge . boots but the plastic is so obviousand the heel is sooo gummy like it bends like nothing
the tape was not completely round because it was bent out of shape some . guess it will still work o . k .
they r very small but i made due with them for what i needed since they were of great quality .
my cat still has some gi problems , but they could be way worse . so i guess this product is working ?
good book but it starts off increasingly slow and the kindle version is a bit dicouraging with over pages
loved the pants but after one wash with detergent and nothing else and no bleach involved , i had orange spots .
it is a decent wrap but for my needs i wish it was stiffer in the support of the wrist .
not good for dishwasher use due to heavy indentation at the bottom where water pools .
can't find and change chapters easilyother versions of bible allow easy access to chapters and verse . not this one
enjoyed what i've read so far , but haven't finished it . steve jobs was a marketing genius with a big ego .
interesante y divertido pero definitivamente alargado , libros es mas que suficiente para una historia que al final se siente repetitiva .
my family uses this not only for hamburgers , but also for egg muffins . works very nicely , but is somewhat flimsy .
it was ok . good for younger teen girls . not my favorite but it was a quick read so it kept my interest .
the stand on the back sometimes pops open . does not stay closed . wished it had a latch . but other wise case is good .
enjoyed reading and concept . characters where well developed and changing protagonists interesting although sometimes confusing . finish seemed to get lost .
very cheaply made . didn't last long .
perhaps more than one needs to know about one of he most beastial organizations in history , but worthy historical content
great comfortable . not for the beach or around dirt . it traps debris understrap and rubs your foot raw .
expands my current lens options with minimal cost . glad i went this way and recommend for others to use
works ok only flaw is that you can hear a lot of static noise other than that it works fine .
i enjoyed the book and frankly i thought the film was not up to par . there are better action movies .
some of the quotes in here were motivational , but i was expecting more out of a book with this title .
service was prompt , got my book in a timely manner . didn't expect book to be so old though .
great design but he interior markings wear off with use negating the purpose .
really thought this would give a good astringent like feeling especially when applying to the scalp . sadly it does not . expected more .
it does the job providing power , however it takes about addition minutes to start . and the cord is short .
okay . its simple enough to use but i dont know , i think i like the phone mobile version much better .
i had a small water brush but this medium is a tad bigger . a perfect addition to my set . thank you .
lone survivor is much better , this is very sporadic
one of the blue plastic tools broke almost immediately , but the rest were fine and did the job .
it is not good and not bad , it is made from plastic but easy to proken
thought there might have been a little more stuffing inside , for the price , rich color . no obvious flaws or anything .
first cd is great stars second cd , first half is good third cd shouldn't even be here .
these are like mini pinch holders . i was expecting them to be a bit bigger . still useful , but not great .
i ordered the reference material as a refresher to information . it serves the purpose and is useful . thank you .
product came prompted but didn't receive a phrasebook as stated on the dvd . which was kind of a bummer .
i enjoyed the read . it isn't a classic but for a lighter note it was fun . the characters were entertaining .
an interesting story but unfortunately not very well written , the style is often clumsy . but the characters are well portrayed .
easy to use , setup and convert videos to pc . the problem is regarding battery life . average rate is good .
the book was a good reminder at how easy it is to sneak in healthy food
not my cup of tea . don't think i would recommend it to the people i know who read . sorry !
weren't the correct ones for the device i have but that was my fault . i should have viewed the pictures better .
sometime's doesn't want to sync . i just unplug it and plug it back in and it seems to be ok .
i expected the kindle version to have live links and it does not . i was disappointed . otherwise it was fine .
the elastic makes the waste a little loose and has to be cinchedan extra notch or two to stay tight .
i got this battery as a back up for my phone . it works and i haven't had any problems with it .
this was an ok story . the same old she forgives him and than takes him back like nothing ever happened .
decent special effects and an interesting story . it kind of reminded me of a space version of cast away . hi
funny raunchy , but not as funny as the new show louie . a little hokey and on the nose . still is sarcastic funny .
the pro juice extractor is easy to use . i just wished it came with a disposal bag for easier cleaning .
used with small t type amplifier . work just finemake sure you look carefully at the painting tones they might be different .
this author seems to identify with janet evanovich's character . her novel is very similar but not quite as well written .
nice and beautiful but abit too un comfortable . i usually don't wear any heel above . all the same , compliments re awesome
okay game so far , don't like having to use hints right away . otherwise , i like the problem solving aspect of game .
was quite useful . we found some of the information outdated for some areas we were in , but helpful in others .
purchased for a fan in the family to read . interesting to learn about the wwe superstars and the wwe itselt .
my husband was using this product for better control of his allergies , and he feels much better at this time !
all in all this movie was decent . i like syfi movies made in the s s , so this fit the bill .
bought this case for my wife's ipad for christmas . it fits good protects well but it's kinda cheap looking .
like the product but the balls were small
doesn't fit at the ankle , leg part is too tight . maybe it's just me , this is not what i imagined .
just for backup if at a location that does not have usb connections for video play back or transfer capabilities .
too bad the xm radio doesn't work in my house . i needed to buy a repeater . it works .
its cool but its too tight and the logo doesnt fit right on my chest . i like the hockey design
not wat l wanted , but l think it would work great for fishes , but not for turtles
a little bording to my kid i though she will like it but she say it was bordingbording bording
i chose them because i wanted some ivory candles that did not drip ! they are very pretty but drip some .
of course it has great effects but overall it's fairly tired . more of the same just not as good .
i guess it is working . what more do you want ? i can't say any thing about it . bye , bye , bye
what else can i say , it's a tom cruise movie . not what i was expecting . not all that good . enough said
nice size and color . very stiff material requiring multiple washings to even begin to soften . adding fabric softener a must .
this was a nice story but very simple . i was surprised when it ended so predictably . 'quick and easy read .
fine read
good item , but does not hold up well . cracks easy .
i thought i was downloading deitrick but this guy was okay ! but it was not what i had wanted originally .
was not exactly what i wanted will save for later when i might have to use it due to eyesight
funny book for kids but sometimes animales are difficult to recognize for my two years old boy . very nice pictures
the shoes are very nice but my husband hates wearing these on raining days , they give off a stinky odor .
i found this book to be boring . however after a couple hours of tedious reading , i found it helpful enough .
tube was fine but shippein was excessive since they used a usps fixed rate box .
i wish it would have been longer but it was ok . i will read others by this author very soon .
need more noledge in this book , however it was good for what i wanted . i would buy it again , good
unsolved mystery club ancient astronauts standard edition download thought game would be better than it was . graphic were ok .
the quality of these bits is just fair compared to bits costing much more . for the occasional user , they are ok .
it was okay . live at has better sound , better audio . and huey has a better voice now .
i couldn't put the book away ! one of the best thrillers i have ever read ! can't wait to read the sequels .
it didn't work out of the box . so i returned it and bought the vocopro dvx k dvd karaoke player instead .
screen display has lines through it but the radar detector works great
i wish it works with click . other than that it was easy to use . i would get it again . ok .
i like bruce and lloyd , but i missed the main characters in this off the wall sequel . it was fun to watch .
would have been wonderful , but stitching on foot bed gave me blisters ! i can't wear them .
very cheap , necklace is not a good quality at all .
it is very tasty . i enjoyed it . i hits the spot when i need a drink . i'm constantly drinking it .
one pair fit perfectly . the other was waaaaay too small . they were the same size accord inning to the labels
just thought it might be bigger for the price . otherwise , the product looks as the picture shows . it's just okay .
extension was recognized on windows laptop , but not on windows desktop . may not be compatible with all windows versions .
it's made of cheap , thin plastic and is prone to damage .
this was a fairly predictable read . definitely not a nail biter , but was fun book to pass the time . enjoy .
it was a little blurry . but good for the price . it looks really good framed in my office . thank you .
ginger surely snapped . not bad if you are a fan of werewolf movies .
the game deal or no deal is slow moving and kind of boring after playing it a couple of times .
doesn't last that long
my daughter like it soo much though the size is a bit larger . i suggest providing more sizes and colors .
this was an ok read , but i tended to skim through so much technical jargon . not very plausible to me .
great cases me and the hubby love them alittle late arvial but we'll worth it ! make more couples cases
good buy
i was surprised that you only get one for the price . should have read the small print in the add .
i have nothing good to say about it and or nothing horrible to say about it . it was free .
unusually effective outing for an artist i generally find highly overrated and compositionally weak .
looks good , adds a nice touch . looks bigger in the picture , it has good weight , it doesn't tip over easily
great light reading kept my interest right to the end . i would've liked tristan story drawn out a little more . more
it didnt come with the back side , but great for the price . it also arrived way earlier than projected . good
was hoping to be as exciting as maggie shayne's books but i had a hard time staying focused
it is what was advertised and what i expected . nothing fancy but the price was right . fast delivery . great affordable gift . no regrets
s s radio transcriptions of mixed sonic quality and no liner notes . recommended only for completists .
provides no real moisture barrier . shame as the gloves are nice otherwise . i suppose they are still excellent at liners .
its a alright game the graphics are good but the bowling experience was not what i thought it would be
rather broadbrush approach to explaining the changes in signaling and to days equipment status
the book could have used more suspense and action . found it too slow moving . story was okay but not great .
kinda thick if you're looking for a thinner fr rated shirt for the summer , other then that very nice . wow
a little too tight for my samsung galaxy s active .
would rate higher if numbers were bigger and brighter
it is pretty but a lot smaller than i thought it was going to be . the teacher liked it anyway .
i can't believe i'm required to write a review before moving off this book ! where is the freedom in that ?
short flick really . only a few old people were interviewed . there simply wasn't enough content .
this product didn't meet our expectations and is currently being left in a drawer . it's probably not a good buy .
compelling story . good read . but too much technical flying info . i was bored by it , and i am a former pilot .
its an ok movie but it has some revelation to it with at the end
because i accidentally ordered sets and am not able to return the extra set . they have not been opened .
it's do able for the moneyhowever , the under mount should be much stronger . mine broke on both sidesstill usable , though ,
it's o . k . , but not an exceptional legal thriller . it took place in california , though , which is where i live .
disappointed about some of the characters who died . i prefer happier endings so for me this was bittersweet at best .
hopefully don't have to use it but i hope response time is quick and support is friendly ! i like it
you have to iron every time when you want to take it on . rumple everytime
it freezes when i die forcing me to restart the majestic ps and its the first time playing through it .
thier nice
a good video other than being a little silly and acting is rather fake . my kids enjoyed it more than me .
this does give you an idea of strength of signal , but it can waver a little while you view it .
a simple dice bag , good if sold cheap and is needed . semi cheap material may wear if abused . good size though
unfortunately they didn't work for my feet but nonetheless they are a good quality shoe very casual and cute style .
a nice exercise in family dynamics and the narrator being a person you don't have to like or agree with .
it was ok . the font size is small . hard for me to see clearly . it is fun . three more words .
not as long as i thought it would be !
while i read every word and to some degree enjoyed her book , i found it too personal in most places
fit right just a little narrow in the calf , like the design , leather has a good quality . i love it
i was trying to staple some wires to drywall . was having issues getting through the wall . i made it work though .
this was a gift
had to get a new phone and went to put the app in new phone poof it was gone
the zipper gets somewhat stuck at the end , other than that it is really good and very useful . , .
low volume and no head phone jack .
i needed a novel that related to the civil war for young readers . it was a good read o . k .
it was ok wondering where in the world the editor is . same repetitive things . over and over and over very disappointed
good , becaes is very important and deviloped to tech help about persone , thank you so much mr . meshaal alshrar jh
was not impress with this shirt , every one have different taste , the color was ok but quality was not impressive
quick delivery . daughter likes webkinz and these cards were hard to find . she enjoyed getting them and filing them .
freezes up . but cute when it works
i expected it to be more softer material but instead it was so stiff for my ear
i am such a huge directioner but this is a little extreme . i would buy it if i was rich !
i would have thought this game would have been more fun . you have to stretch yourself to make it fun .
product had been melted ran out and dryed . did not have the big portion of black shown in picture
not a bad read and since it was free i can't complain too much . smutty fun .
this product worked as described but didn't solve our problem . not sure why . probably not the fault of the product .
this actually works very well and i have no complaints . very nice app to have on any device you own .
i just want to say that this is a russian diamond . and its really small , but its nice .
the price was reasonable but there is room for quality improvment .
unfortunatelly i purchased the wrong ram and it does not fit in my laptop . so i cannot rate this item .
at this price , i can't complain but the sticks are very light compared to other sticks of the same size .
it's a nice peice of learning equipment
cute nice material just long , and to wide side note also elastic band which i personally thought was weird
not in love with these socks but they do a good job . i would buy again . i would also recommend .
good for my
for the price i paid it did what i needed until i could purchase a better one . would buy again .
no instructions included so very difficult to get working . it would work but then stop . still not sure about it .
cute movie all taking place in a park one afternoon . special features were very interesting . yeah for tom hardy's role .
they work well , but they fall apart easy . but you get what you pay for . the price is good too .
a good tea . nice to have a different choice every once in a while and very robust in flavor . great !
it was okay . i haven' played it again .
has a large probe that does not fit in your pocket . but it does take a temp . reading very fast .
works perfectly , would be better if it included the plastic bezel , which was quite difficult to remove without damaging it .
fits the phone well , good grip , nice color , but the stock charger doesnt really fit when the case is attached .
would like to know more about his personal life . growing up , family ect . also more about his time as president
okay unit pain to refill it as the tanks don't have a good grip and they tip over easily
i wish it came with containers that were bpa free ! otherwise . the print is cute and the idea is great .
okay book quick read , not as in depth of an experience into the culture as i'd hoped and or expected
it is a symposium in print . collection of papers that are not peer reviewed .
i love playing candy crush on my iphone , so i thought this might be the same . but it is not .
without question , constellation of vital phenomenon is the best book i've read in years ! beautifully written . disturbing history . fascinating characters .
those are just ok ! do you have some glass lenses ?
everything was o . k . except for the heart rate monitor . it did not work well . so i returned it
not the one i really wanted some of the music is very good but looking for particulars songs . okay otherwise
its very good lether , but not looks as was in picture . its a little bit stonger than i was expecting .
i really like this book but it's so expensive and it's a very little book dan i love your books
this is a textbook . i expected the play and was disappointed . i should have made a deeper review before purchasing .
the picture quality is very washed out . but , i wanted a cheap tv for a guest room and this works .
the only reason i bout this cd was for jugband blues . great song , rest of cd is pretty good too .
they were just to damn big , went by the shorts sizing and they are massive gave away to a mate ,
it did keep my interest but a little predictable . i would read more by this author about the phillips family .
a bit drawn out and a little far fetched at times but builds to a good ending . an enjoyable read .
it's ok but has terrible reflections from point source lights at night . remember to remove it for any night photography .
very nice umbrella with beautiful colors ! however , try not to use it on a windy day because it will bend !
product arrived very quickly and in perfect condition . seems like a good product that i will probably reorder .
this book was very interesting at first however after a while everything got a little repaticious . a lot of name dropping
its good ! thanks so much
good
fun series . i could imagine a dog thinking briefly such things . i'm looking forward to more of chet and bernie .
i think it's super cool , but my parents are old fashioned and won't put it on their wall . o well .
looks like an interesting book . it is annoying that i am forced to leave a review to read next pages .
the book's pages were ok but both covers were badly broken . should not have been sold .
this book was not the best jokes but i enjoyed most of it . it is a very . well written piece .
values were off . no sales as shown
not as good as the furminator . it functions as a simple brush . performs its job but not worth the cost .
it still stinks like new . but i guess that's okay because of the price . it is still working for me .
show is good and bad but then again most are must watch if u like wearwolf shows good acting overall
it is ok but the vials are smaller , less product , less results , more expensive . not worth the money . just ok .
good knife , needs a new edge .
good reading factual . mark owen is a brave man to have wanted the truth to be told . i liked the book .
enjoyable to a point , too many lose ends . wasn't invested in the characters or their story . somewhat of a disappointment .
repetitiva en algunas ocasiones . hay situaciones algo exageradas . pero en general , es entretenida y ayuda a pasar el tiempo f aacute cilmente .
fittings are plastic . would have given it a higher rating if hose had metal fittings as shown in bunnyk logo .
it works well except the bristles don't lather up as easily as i would like .
just world time zone clocks .
can you install regular pc programs on this table like normal computer any software compatibly or is more like android ?
ok clock rado . smaller then i expected . sound quality less than expected . not sure accuracy is very good either .
baby thinks it is yucky . hard to make her take medicine
this cookbook is a wonderful reference book . the only draw back is that it does not provide nutritional information .
the battery does not hold a charge as long as specified , either turned on to talk or on idle time .
i dropped off the camcorder , then this battery does not work . i' m not sure condition of inside of battery .
i wear a size . shoe and these fit fine . slight padding in toe and heel for comfort while walking .
not as good as the origional movie . abit of an disapointment . i don , t know if i would watch it again .
service was great . product is very overpriced for what it is . that is the publishers fault , not the shipper's .
not at all what i thought it was going to be . quite entertaining ! the characters were dynamic and funny . enjoy !
begrudgingly is d d d d d d d f f g g f f . f . f f f f
i returned due to defective clasp . nice luggage but not sure i like the closure . too big for our travel needs .
internet buying decision is based on item's description and pictures shown but i got a different model . x x x
i love the phone except for the answering machine . the message is slightly garbled . it should be much clearer .
the ad does not say anything about speakers or sub woofer ?
some of the stones feel out already but its okayshould have been made better thats for sure it okay
solid basic overview of public administration . designed for an overview course , not much depth .
i enjoyed the beginning and end of book . the middle dragged on . too much detail on a gay man's life .
so so rating . very lightweight . sometimes it doesn't toast both sides of bread . cord is very short . but it is workable .
a few nice scenes reminding me of my own self awareness , but i was not expecting incest , rape and murder .
the rubber picks up particals easily , its comfortable but very specific where you can grab it . decent for the price .
ok , but took a long time getting here .
its not what i thought it would be . i think i will be sening it back . thanks just the same .
this is a upgrade form my freinds cd player , small with a ok sound , do yourself a fav and look at wal mart
free book that occupies your time waiting for the doctor , dentist , whatever . mildly entertaining . can't knock a freebie to hard .
i'm considering purchasing this application . wondering if there is redstone and how updated the app is . minecraft is awesome . hay .
superbook bible is not as interactive as my nephew had hoped but there is still decent biblically based content included .
like the format of this game . good puzzles and lots of fun playing time . good quotes . really enjoy this game .
i bought the kindle version . althought it had a basic plot and was somewhat informative , it was not well written .
easy assembly . finish not great , but good enough for price and size .
i never bought this product . do not know how it is in my evaluation table , it mas be a misunderstanding
the purchase was good but the game just isn't as fun as i thought it would be for them .
i like them very much , but unfortunately they are to big for my face .
not badly written . major flaw , simple use of infrared vision is never entertainedcharacter backgrounds not realistic . interesting concept here
this was an okay purchase . my son liked the show on nick jr and this is basically that same series .
its a fun game , everyone should try it out once . it gets really tricky when you get to the 's
scissors are not as sharp as another brand and they twist while cutting therefore binding on small and large stems .
horrible quality , but i expected it for what i paid , is just good for halloween and for time only .
nice and comfortable pad , but the sizing is not listed accurately , came way too small then the dimensions were described .
it is very unwieldy and not as deep as it appears . too hard to move without a handle on it .
i like it because it's practicle but it does rip fast the chain . and have to buying more wallet case
if you like a lot of violence and gore , this is the movie for you . it's definitely not family fare .
excellent movie that we had been having difficulty finding at nearby locations .
cute idea but sometimes hard to squeeze to hear the music but would say that it's worth the money spent
i had seen the majority of this video on a pbs program so i disappointed it wasn't any new material .
works great you must find a frequency that you don't get a station on for it to work very good .
they're good headphones . but not the best sound especially highs . after a long period of time , the earcups fit unconfortable .
it was the first time that i wore it and it broke . it is cute , it just broke very easy .
very cute but too small
interesante rese ntilde a aunque falten artistas de la talla de ana mendieta iquest where is ana mendieta ?
the nylon spandex material was too snug these did not work for me .
bought this as a gift for someone else who wanted it . i've never seen it myself . can't really rate it .
this badge bar works , but it showed up bent out of shape , which was disappointing , expensive for the quality . works .
doesn't exactly fit a tahoe . had to trim out a piece to get it to fit . overall looks good
it is a ok game but at times can be boring . i just could not get into playing this game .
an endearing look at a friendship . not a memoir , a celebration of friends and the situations we get ourselves into .
they lasted months ! i guess i shouldn't expect much for the price . one of the ear buds went out .
what is there is good , but it lacked more ideas that i felt it could have and should have included .
i'm only giving this stars because denzel is fine . other than that don't bother .
not great but ok , granddaughter gets bored with it pretty fast , i guess it's ok for someone who's just learning !
cut shirt , nice material but one size fits all does not fit all . much to big .
i got bored watching it . if you have nothing better to do , give it a watch . nothing more to say .
i would have liked to have received only current issues . received two copies together and one was an older issue .
it was okay . kind of predictable . cheesy at times . worth watching once . i recomend getting it cheap if you can .
i enjoyed this book , particularly as i read it soon after visiting paris for the first time . fun , quirky , nostalgic .
the quantity was more than needed . i have shared with friends who also like them who enjoy them very much .
not sure where the patterns are but it was interesting to review . not helpful to making regalia for me . sad
nylon jags break , brass jags can scratch rifling .
it is slightly short compared to the original one , but it does its job well . nothing to complain about . useful .
i am not a satisfied customer the fridge has two dents on the lower right side of the door .
h chin difficulty hfhhdhffbfhfhfhfnfhf nd high padhhdhdchhrhchfh branched j cu cu nick j kid j jig . jig j kick jvjgj
i am very pleased that bought it i'm glad that the quality is excellent and all the normal . like it
pretty easy . quite a few s amp s movies . takes quite a few coins to get a hint . fun though .
good product protects .
i expected a leather case instead its a nylon or polyester material with synthetic leather coping , very disappointing for the price
the watch had a dead battery . my husband wore it for hours and then it died .
decent conditionexactly the text i needed though so condition did not matter for me , i only needed the matierial .
needs to be in hd . not sure why it is only sd .
here kitty his funny repeat voice is a hoot , kids will love it ! it is fun for all ages .
wanted to know how can i change for a larger size of . this is too small on the waist .
was not as funny as expected but still an enjoyable cast of characters . good for a lazy rainy day movie .
had anticipated a larger collection not all on one disc what was there was enjoyable , not much else to say
i thought they would fit a little bigger but they doesn't and the slipper kind of slide to one side
it has an ok designholds napkins like it shouldthe folding design takes some time to get accustomed to
works fine
not a fan of the ending . so much build up for a few pages of the narrator's life death , rambling
some what hard to fallow but good interesting to learn about the salem witch and all they went through amazing
smaller than i thought but still a wonderful starter kit for the young sewer , she loved it very much , great
if you want to see something with a not too complex story line , some laughs , this is your movie .
not the greatest . this app has confusing instructions and settings . this makes it especially hard to correct or replace numbers .
license plate came quickly but was not packaged well and the corner of the metal plate was bent .
nice book . needs an updated version . should have captured other tigermeet jets instead on staying on a few subject matter .
don't care for christian music but like some of this . the lead singer has a nice voice . surprises even me .
while the dance tunes are catchy and fun , the slower songs don't match too well with fergie's voice .
only starts , because even thou it works , is very heavy and it leaks when the blower tip faces downward .
bought for my daughter . she loved it except it is too small . otherwise , it is really a nice hand bag .
because i drop my ph and already broke it . the shell is thin , love quote and the bob marley pic !
having the hardest time getting my computer to recognize this hard drive .
only holds certain spice jars , alot pop right out they should be more adjustable . spice jars come in various sizes . thank you
it broke after i got it for my mom
it had a scratch on the very last song . everything else played well . it was an unopened case too . poo .
very nice shoe , however fit snug . half size up would fit perfect .
can't give you the word review , i'm to the point . the movie is good ! not great .
seemed to be pretty crappy packing light is bright on the other side screws loose on clip some fell out
dual , off white graphic but otherwise delivered as advertised and on time .
this is ok . very pricy . perfect fit even though the price is high . quality is good too . good . buy it .
good graphics . ok seek and finds and interesting pictures . a little difficult in some areas . fun to play and free !
careful the title song is not on the album the track is another song
the lamp is functional . but , it does not seem to give as bright a picture as the original lamp .
its ok i was expecting more
glow good but already rusting hope they last but i think that its doubtful . they are sharp also . worth the cost
just what you would expect from miles kimball inexpensive and cheap .
not one of tom hank's best movies . plot was childish , predictable slapstick . not my favorite . the dog was truly gross .
informative .
get what you pay for . its ok but not an otter box . but could not afford an otter box .
it's just ok . not the greatest at putting a sharp edge on my knives .
hard to get use to the flipping . keeps the phone slim which i very like . i would tell a friend .
not really my style of book but certainly easy to read . not bad writing , just kind of a fluff book .
this product does as advertised . how ever it is not a sturdy as i thought it was going to be .
go to mp to listen to latimore new cd . it's okay . i give it three stars .
maybe i jun't used it long enough to give it a better rating .
just not for me .
i liked the look , but the edges came unsewn the first time i washed them . not he quality i expected
very comfortable , only if you like the style .
the music is very relaxing but not what i expected . it reminds me more of japanese music than egyptian .
soft good texture , but color is much more pastel than pictured . other than color issue , i have no complaints .
nostalgic recipes of the couple who were serious italian cooks . their recipes are gems that have been around for years .
a well made suspence thriller on a low budget . absolutely worth your time .
the wind chimes is a really great instrumental piece , but the popsongs , are rather boring !
i like the theory of the leash design . however , i need to utilize it more to appreciate the proven value !
this is great for people who cannot make up their minds what to put on their windowsmany great pictures
excellent content . the cover and pages are thin so it needs to be handled carefully to avoid damage .
the authors , three of them will state traditional catholic doctrine but will substitute their own subjective views of christian theology
it works fine for lexus rx but it does not work for honda odyssey . i am returning this .
there are nicks in the silver on one side . fortunately the other side is ok . it's acceptable for the price .
love the rhymes . great story . i was hoping for more feeling description s . i plan to read more in the series
too small . looks a lot bigger in the photo
it's was good
really cute outfit especially for elmo fans unfortunately the top runs small and bottoms big its also a little pricey !
my mom really liked them and said they fit well , but she's afraid they'll shrink .
not up to the usual standard i expect from ms . robb , but still a decent plot and exciting wind up .
i received this shirt on time and it was the novelty item that i wanted for my son for christmas .
it has a weird and loud sound . but , it works well .
i guess i was expecting moe of the movie . i found the book to be rather dry and somewat boring .
nice but kids don't like to wear it , but is well made .
graphics meh the questions are good fun when your board in a hospital waiting room . five more words required one
nice drill , til you try to buy a replacement battery . batteries are priced more than competitor brands .
these bars look good , but are not very tasty and i can't tell that they decrease your appetite very much .
great shine and covers minor scratches . could have bought something at the grocery store .
the fit of the boot was great , it just was not wide enough just at the top of the boot .
it wasn't bad , but not the best book i've read recently . the time period of the story was nice . done
didn't receive the bonus books or any info about how to get them . any help would be appreciated ! thanks
was too big for my wrist , sizing an issue , and wasn't much information regarding sizing in the info , not very happy
a neat game i thought i would have known more of these but it proved to be a tough game .
images converted to paint by numbers do not look good . i was so disappointed because the sales pitch sounded good .
this is one of the must repair manuals for the do it yourselfer that owns a chevy truck within this year range .
it's meh ! it cleans your face , but isn't the miracle worker that other people say it is .
good read . took me a day and a half . the story is interesting but not the thumper you expected .
this book belongs a time where people build their own . as a reference for a project , it is a good book
gray game boy series silicone rubber iphone s case the gray case look darker in person than it did online .
it is much smaller and thinner then it looks in the picture .
i so kay but was little big for my gps garmin . but atlist is safe for the screen
why is this called a seiko ? orient seiko are different companies .
i love reading books like this that are fun and easy . everyone should totally read these books . dooo it ya !
if your teacher requires it , ya gotta have it . it is ok , no better or worse than most textbooks .
i buy them because they fit my pool cleaner , but they could build them with better material that would last .
price not worth it
this was a good read . although the things she went thru was upsetting , it was a good read . basically a typical abuse story
great price
game looks okay , its just the control of the camera sucks . trying to steer your person around is a challenge .
another oldie but a goodie was entertaining and clever . the professional crier was good . the other three are readable . thanks
great game for toddlers who are just learning shapes and colors . but i was wanting a game for preschool age children .
thought these bows were flat turns out that they are cocked in the air
good acting , but the plot moves at the pace of a glacier . before they started retreating . typically british period piece .
this case worked fine for my daughter's ipod but we would have liked it to cover the screen as well .
incredibly frustrating to assemble , and the manual was nearly useless . good for a corner mount , but far from anything terrific .
my husband enjoyed these dvds . they all kept him on the edge of his lazy boy throughout the whole movie !
i have had to buy several they do not last . head band broke on on , others just stopped working
good product quality . make sure you measure your bbq before you buy this was smaller than i had expected .
very heavy , weighs more than the two little dogs that i bought it for . i do like the concept , however .
this movie was alittle slow but very good . up until the very bad ending .
just an okay story . not a page turner .
it was a good book . very interesting . enjoyed reading it . i finished it in a week , a very catchy book .
was kind of disappointed . not the usual delinsky story . too much of a fairy tale romance ! not my cup of tea .
not the best
two of them broke right out the package but i glued them the kids use them in the race table
book tells a part of the story that complements the pc game . will give more background info of the story
good series i guess my son likes to read them i am just typing words to finish this review . thanks
this kit came with good products , but i did not find that they were any better than drug store brands .
my son liked it however , he seemed to get bored with it pretty quick . to him it wasn't challenging enough .
love the swimsuit but the top is very small . i had to buy another too to got with the bottoms
i had to take one more pill than recommended in order for it to work good as the brand name .
the songs are some all time favorites and the harmony just makes you feel so good inside .
this dress is stunning , and though it did not fit as described , it fit my daughter , so no harm done .
tried it because my friends have it but just not interested . i have removed it from my kindle already . free
but get her mtv unplugged for the greatest recorded live music ever , including monterey . it was back when she was black
gareth geffen gov g g f d h j s t t f n d graphics f g version gt
i have not read this book yet , but i heard it was good , i am hoping to read it soon .
quick comment . i thought it would be a little softer and piece otherwise it is very good to excellent .
no miracle , does make it feel a little better . could be placebo .
easy read . keeps the reader's interest . wonder how close to reality it is ? ! can't wait to begin reading the sequel
does the job not as nice looking as i had hoped in the location i used the mats i bought
it was okay . it being a short story with a lot of people with input made it not that good .
put this on my new kindle fire and seems to be doing what it's supposed to do ! sure hope so !
enjoyed the app but too many things in it to spend money on .
the quality is good . however , the tape is not . the treads do not stick very well to the tape .
works ok . needs more power .
after only a few wears , the eyelets that hold the shoe strings in place broke . not a very durable shoe
good enough just a little too small for my car im building a cen ct s and they almost don't work .
while it didn't capture me completly , i liked the fact that it was a love story based on real events .
would be better if it didnt crash every time i opened it . uninstalled . reinstalled . upwdated . nothing works . please fix it
shoes r awesome n luk amazing n gives a very very expensive luk , but size was a mistake , orederd another
too complicared . you have to jump back forthy thru menusi liked the old version betterno more words
overall dry but informative . it gives a good view on how lewis hine affected the world and its many people .
it was cool , nice , and strong . the only problem was that it was missing a screw on the handle .
not bad if you have very long drill code and a steady hand .
remington solutions setter works very well . i would like it to warm up a little faster .
works very well for the shine factor .
appears to be original , not edited out , where it probably cold have been made shorter .
it catches fish and suspends but the paint is chipped off and looks horrible after catching a couple big bass .
orange is my favorite flavor . this one was a little too sweet for me . i do like the five calories though .
it took a month for me to receive it and the bottom piece fit me too tight .
not as good as i hoped but decent with great graphics . it is pretty much the average item finding game .
the sound is decent . the mic is really not worth using . for the money not bad . need four more words .
had some ok tips but most of them you can find yourself on the googl adwords page .
i am returning this . i am looking for live foods , did not excite me .
i enjoyed this book . the author is to be commended for the laborious amount of research he must have done !
i have words for this product with my phone htc touch pro static and echo .
cap is a bit too sophisticated and one broke immediately . i would prefer simpler caps .
good size can use for arm sling , decent material , more than a little pricey for a bandana tho .
not inclusive enough . back to windows for dummies .
my son loved this tent but the poles broke within hours of putting it up .
the poster is great , but i wished the cards covered more basic items , instead of the animal categories . otherwise nice .
this is a booklett i gave my daughter and she said to give it about two and a half star .
very nice case , with cute color . the quality is ok , but it is not good enough for holding mutiple cards
fun as hell but too damn spensive
the plot is hilarious ! i think everyone should at least give it a try ! the characters make it worth it !
good police drama . religious undertones not so subtly hidden . typical broken cop getting a second chance . word word word word
i have ordered many old time movies tv shows from amazon but this is good one it is ok
it made me think how these little flashes of memories past are very much a part of my own life .
this book is interestingly written but really slow to get to any action , ends well but a very long ride .
very interesting until it just keeps dragging on and on about things almost fell asleep didn't finish this book . sorry .
hard for a year old to navigate . maybe some additional directions . would help . spent limited time first time around . will try again thanks
these used to be stunningly good . they have done something to make them good but more ordinary in quality . .
the item fits too close to the body . not what i was looking expecting .
really for the price i expected a lot more . i just think that the construction and comfort could be better .
much more difficult to navigate than a nook !
it's a trivet . i would not buy again but it's ok .
i cant wrap them tight enough so my dog doesn't kick them off . they need more fluff at the ankle .
can't see the the phone when holstered correctly . please make it so that you holster it facing outward vice inward .
i love it . fits well but the manual for this watch didnt really help much . and the battery didnt last .
i loved chevy steven's other books . this one was just just ok for me . i thought it was too predictable .
mom and dad and their children used the board as soon as it hit the floor . grandmother also used thr board .
only works with internet . fun for kids
the fold over part is too large around the hip ? . i would have too take it in .
i like this chili powder because i make spice and herb blend and it fits well in most of them .
i did not like the item . sent the item back it was not my style . i did not re order .
it's a little slow , but for the price i paid , well worth it !
already submitted some time ago in it i indicated its' severe problem of lack of wifi coverage ! not good , eh ?
it's a short book . anyway , if you are interested in the life works of robbe grillet , it's a worthwhile reading .
they were cute to send out . i thought they were going to be a little bit bigger . ok for the amount spent .
the wedding date was okay . i liked other dvds better . i was glad to add it to my dvd collection .
constantly needs recharging after turning off
relaxing .
smaller than what i thought they would be ! we used these as money trees . they needed unfolded when they came in .
kids loved it and watch it over . and over . and over . in the end well spent
am i the only person who finds this album incredibly boring ? ! very average trip hop . yawn .
okase f f if ssh if f by bc d ed th f f f bc f f dc f f f tv hi
this mirror fits and works great . it is not the highest quality but it works as a good aftermarket replacement .
i can't complain about his sound . i like this cd but i've heard other songs he sang that were better .
interesting but a bit crassly written , in my opinion .
very elementary and simple read . this is great a newbie who's interested in selling on ebay . it's a good read .
i thought it was a full size hand mirror . the detail and colors are pretty . a little expensive for the size .
enjoy the real feeling of sitting in front of a slot machine would like to see more of this type .
it was no can't put it down kind of book but enough to entertain . i won't be recommending it to others .
the candle holder is nice , but it only came with candles instead of the pictured .
it doesn't give the wave it shows in the photo . it's decent but i'm disappointed that the wave looks cheap !
luv the raw and uncut details . definitely two thumbs up . i would recommend this book to all my family and friends . thanks for
hints only tell you what you already know ! wish that there was more movement between rooms to keep it eexciting .
these were great headphones for a while , but a few months after getting them they stopped working in one ear .
entertaining movie . sam rockwell's performance made the movie . definitely worth a watch . reminded me of a guy richie type films .
it is okay i would rather play a different game but if that is what i got it is dum
this stuff is not the greatest smelling stuff in the world but it does wonders for dry skin and itchiness .
it was a little predictable but entertaining . wasn't expensive so it is a good quick read . i would recommend it .
the sequins and fabric looked cheap and sloppy
very good .
i liked this story , it was good , i'll have to get the next one and see where the story goes .
i really just needed a quick way to figure gestational age and this takes to many actions to get it .
the bow always turns crooked no matter how many times you try . the bows are pretty , though . easy to use .
did not read much of it , but the parts i did read were pretty boring .
really cute , looks a little cheap
not really a recline . i think the super cheap ones are just as good . it is nice and light though .
tight in the crotch area , really makes your package stick out , and not very comfortable . would not buy them again .
was ok , but not the sound that it should be . i'll use it , but it did not blow me away .
if your stations aare more than miles away you need to purchase a booster antenna .
did have dimensions so it was smaller than i thought .
it's cool
better off spending the additional money to buy the dedicated final cut keyboard but for . oo can't complain too much
this book was good but not amazing . i do recommend reading it though as it is very enjoyable and fun .
very good tuner poor electronics every time you turn the box of you must reset all previous set in formation
otherwise , i would have given a higher rating . i love crocs . they are among the the most comfy shoes inown .
four stars if not for the repetitive oh yeah . . now i know it's the songs title , but . come on now . lol .
it was the wrong application . nothing wrong with the product . it was just too much water pressure for my application .
it is strange that the company would sell this thing without the necessary power cord . where would i buy one ?
decent for the price . there is some buzzing sound when used wirelessly . somewhat mediocre but not bad . would buy again .
i thought this was something it's not . so i give myself stars for not reading what i was purchasing .
the unrealistic attitude of trust fund babies gets tested in a very real place with predictable rssults .
ms . cornwell has written better novels with greather depth . never like it when a novel is predictablel with a disappointing finish .
simple but efficient . a good way to start a hobby . the rest is practice , practice and more practice . let's go .
it's entertaining , but it's not great tv . if you're a gun nut , you'll probably like it . word word word word
nice at first , but he bottom around the opening for the plug sagged and kind of fell apart pretty quickly .
not a lot of depth , but still a good read . it's short so you can definitely finish in one day .
several of the dominoes are of poor quality . colors inconsistent on dots and marks on ends of several as well .
i thoughly enjoyed reading this book . it was well written and very helpful to me .
plot a little one dimensional and a formula piece . otherwise a nice little bit of escapism and a pleasant afternoon read .
the blu rays are very nice however , the blu ray case was broken on arrival . broken case broken case broken case broken
the jacket was ok but it was only a shell . thought there would become lining . did not feel warm enough . thanks .
should have waited walmart now selling this for . . suspect it will go even lower in the next weeks .
ok so , so far im only on chapter two . but hey , so far so good !
cannot hold anything moderately heavy . would be ok for sheers .
wrong size some of them to short and look awkward on your windows . perry much did not deflect rain . end
ok as a mouse , but it is designed for windows .
warning doesn't fit hyundai accent
es lo que esperaba
cut real smooth but have a problem that it's starting to make a lot of noise at times that's it
this product is basically a bent piece of polycarbonate . it works well , but isn't worth the thirty dollars .
the old man did a better job at writing adventure stories the son needs to develop his own style . ok
more dented brass than i would have liked . some of the cases had alot of discoloring . overall was ok , not a
good product but not made for my skin . it's very creamy and goes on smooth but again not for me .
maybe too gruesome , not as creative as the original . but , i think it's better than other slasher movies of late .
more damage than i was expecting . one of them chipped i could understand but to is not almost like new .
i love these shoes but i wish i got half a size bigger . i love the blue suede . too small .
it's very good product i like ittry it you will not be sorry trust me i bought two of it .
the book was basically just a recap of the trial , but still pretty good . it is a very quick read .
good acting but a bit confusing . i love arnaldur indridason's books and find them easier to follow than the movie .
a little crazy , but this movie is entertaining and sometimes very funny lines . a fun watch some evening with family .
imo i believe she has written better . it was okay and i do look forward to the next book .
this book was really really good . i enjoyed a lot and would definitely recommend this book for others to read .
como en todos los libros colectivos unos art iacute culos tienen m aacute s inter eacute s que otros . en general el tono medio es bueno .
pretty .
there's okay sock , they are rather thin around the ankle compared to stanley's black socks . the size fits comfortably .
very dangerous situation . that kind of stuff will get you killed . that was a major secret . that stouy was very disturbing and wicked .
the characters were well developed and the plot helped to carry the book . i wanted to see how it ended .
i have no problem with it so far . i'm hoping to find the program good for my own personal protection .
came in early , nice fit , nice features for the price . met all the needs as well as protection needed
very nice dress
he can't write and his choices were unfortunate . he could not see the handwriting on the wall ! it was not worth reading .
this book starts out ok but the rest is so so . would not reccomend this book unless you like romance
nice to be able to attach driver heads to the leatherman and comes in handy .
this book didn't work for me . not to say it doesn't or wouldn't for someone else
if you are looking for a sheet to significantly reduce glare , this does ok . not great my any means .
i love the look of the stubby antenna , but it doesnt pick up reception very well .
great not what i thought it was .
got this for mom when she lost a cd from the library ! she liked it a lot , and reccomends it
i ask for a orange silicono case and they send black case not the one i wanted but is nice .
got this hoping to fix the squealing in my power steering . no luck . didn't really notice anything after using it
it will be a while before i use this , but it looks to be of good quality
pretty good . it works well but it's kinda hard to switch channels and stuff like that .
the lens works well with canon digital rebel . the pictures are clear , yielding good resolution for macro shots .
my child loves science but this game was a challenge for him to read . he seemed not interested .
i have half way through the book and found the book to be comprehensive . however , author completely ignored jaxm , ebxml .
buttons a too slick for me to use by touch . tivo . please make a universal remote .
ok product , i just wish it was a little more sterdy
it was okay , but i'm not sure if i feel as bad about my neck as i do for nora's .
one song makes it to the special category . fellowship hall ! i dont like the sound of the drums in some songs !
the case wasn't a frosted type like the one in the picture but it was still a great case .
a great and easy to read book on trust and learning to live in the now . i recommend it .
unfortunately size is a little bit too tight for me . no doubt its a great looking pair of shoes .
i noticed a huge difference i the quality of picture so i took it off . it did go on smoothly .
setup is a breeze but for magnetic resistance i expected something not quite so loud . construction seems to be solid .
daniel craig and judi dench are great . rest of film is not as engaging as other bond films but acceptable .
i purchased this for my daughter as a gift her request i did not use it . she did with good results .
hard to tell if it's really helping purify the air , but does not really help absorb any kind of moisture .
the author does a good job of telling about the activities in the background of the woman telling the story .
two were great the third one arrived damaged and unusable
it's a nice pole , but the adhesive residue from the labels is unfortunate and annoying .
it works sometimes . if is loses signal , it takes minutes to reconnect . i don't use it as i intended to .
the picture definitely looks better online than in person , poor quality material and the painting isn't as pretty up close .
great battery but it wasn't exactly the right one but it claimed to be
not for brain surgery , but works well enough for the
i bought this based off reviews and let me just say this , the smell is alright . nothing spectacular .
this software works great . i'm tired of all the pop up ads . pain in the butt . ok for free software .
the shoes are beautiful , but they did not fit .
my error and opened package to late to return to supplier . will try to find other uses around my house
the concrete mounting anchors are plastic and did not securely hold the white bases . i swapped out for ss redheads .
pretty but wishey , washey . put bowling back in the alley where it belongs . what next the moon ? no can do .
the socks are comfortable but not very durable . the elastic around the top seems to be poor and frays often .
it's been a while since i read it , so i remember that it was suspenseful , but lacked richness of experience .
they don't put subjects that make sense but it's just the game i'm looking for it's pretty fun to me
the pusher is kind of thick . but it works . looks very cheap though .
i expected at least one of the toys to play a tune however all of the toys are like rattles .
does not say how many in a set
much smaller than i expected . the heart shape is nice though . won't wear it very often . looks a little inexpensive .
extremely pink . did i mention extremely ? appears to be well made . quite pretty . but not ruby . very , extremely pink . pink .
the book is well written as an entertaining light read . the story was fairly predictable but the characters are likeable .
it is fine to it proposal , but it is missing a light so you can see in the dark room
the book was a little boring compared to other stuart woods novels . also the basic premise was really a reach .
though the movie was good it was a little drawn out . and the ending could have been a little better .
there is more looseness in the heel than i anticipated . have both inserts in the shoe . any suggestions !
i only like the color . i don't think the sheets are very durable . i don't like the way they feel .
nice game fun game to pass the time . good graphics and interface works good on kindle . i enjoy the game
action sequences and special effects were good . story line was pretty basic . virtually no plot development . i was entertained , but underwhelmed .
im enjoying it . though im still new to it . i like the fast paced gameplay and the easy touch controls .
seems ok , not consistent but decent for the price compared to more expensive items like this . does the job .
filter fit nice in truck after i had to straighten it out do to it being partially crushed from shipping .
the story is ok , but it's really short . not what you'd expect from stephen king .
smaller than i expected . way over priced ! nice color and shape , just much too small . i should have returned it .
my daughter comfortably swam in this , however short sleeves gave her a serious tan on her arms after two weeks .
i do like that it rotates but it leaves scuff marks on the ipad which i hate . good price though .
my daughter like this product so much . and this wooden product is made in china . so i can't convince its safety .
the socks are very tight thin . the quality is great , although they are more for running . have a nice day . john
cute little teapot and serves the purpose if you just need a couple cups of hot water at a time .
take into account that the body its not die cast trunk , hood , doors are plastic and mirrors are rubber
ok tool box . hinges on lid break easily
wasn't what i was expecting but i'll live with it .
never could get it to light but it was cheap and not worth returning arrived quickly and no other issues
purchased as a gift ! my grandson loved it !
seriously , this book is absolutely awful . boring , dry and just all around un entertaining . good condition , bad book .
some new hacks were interesting
awesome book i couldn't stop reading jeff kinney amazing i hope there will be more to gets dairy to come .
its ok but does seem to taste weird or something after more than days if any capsules still remain .
these are nothing special , they keep wires out of the way which could have been easily handled with velcro straps
short and sweetnot pratchett's best seems like he was on autopilotdiappointed
i got a book but without cd ! that is used ! i bought a new ! why you gave my used ?
jason jaxx is a very talented writer , i just wish he would go into more description with the sex scenes .
for ages . too easy like play school . great for passing the time but just too boring . yawn yawn yawn
lost me after the first pages . nothing new to add to my life experience . five four three two one .
love martina cole thought this book was a bit predictable but enjoyed it . a great read for holidays . moc
would give it stars if it hadn't crashed when i was at level , losing all my previous data .
meh . great book , hated the ending , it was confusing . i thought spoiler alert that the nerd girls should have won . bye !
havent used it yet ! not sure if i ever will , not real big on renting movies to watch at home .
it is a very nice robe but it runs about a size too big , and does not have enough buttons .
the unit came in red color , pretty similar to a unit in target . and it's cheaper in target .
very nice but came with a stained . very nice . love the style . will purchase again if i need to . nice
brought for a customer she said it's fine
good swing , but much smaller than i expected it to be . would be good for parakeets or similar size birds only .
bought for a friend . when they finish and return , i'll read and rate . sorry , can't give it an honest assessment
if emo hasn't bored you yet , this is it .
i enjoyed this show ago . it was a little slow but this was good and it was great to see .
for the price , it worked . pictures in the instruction book too small to see easily , had to guess a little .
it looks like a good book . there is a ton of information on one page though , making it hard to focus
its mostly fluff with a few good pointers . not quite what i was looking for but interesting enough to read .
i enjoy j . a . jance's books , but this series is not my favorite . still it was a quick and fun read .
not as strong as the first predator and the sound is a not too dynamic for a blu ray
a wonderful twist to an old tale . i loved the characters . i loved the story . a great read . fantastic writing
it gets the job done .
it's very pretty and shiny , it can fit my big head because of its stretchness , so i think it's great .
very smelly upon receipt . had to air out the heavy petroleum smell . otherwise works fine .
recently completed a five day kayak trip . all the information about kayaking safety , etc . , i could have found on the internet .
didn't really notice a difference . quit taking after a few weeks
they are ok
u can easily tell its fake and the size it's too small it kind that looks like the pic .
it was an okay movie . it stopped streaming about of the way through and we had to reload it .
slide on earring cushions mediocre . plastic back rips very easily . they are not made well at all . would not highly recommend .
the glove i bought are to small so i'll have to give them away and look for more my size
i thought there would be more zentangle ideas . the tangle swatches were helpful . it just wasn't what i thought it would be .
had trouble keeping them on , tripped a lot ! color was nice and they were warm and easy to slip on .
the black doesnt work on my epson workforce . all the other colors seem to work though . not sure why .
this appears to be something that will work for me . not exactly what it was advertized to be , but okay .
it was good just too long for the storyline . i did finish watching but my wife went to bed . thanks
muy entretenida la trama de este libro , que fue bien llevado , facil de leer y bastante interesante para mi gusto
the case i received doesn't stand like in the picture . but it stils serves it's purpose , keeping it covered .
ok game app . graphics are not great but fine to be a free app . better than most aquarium builder apps .
the shaver only works as a touch up after regular shaves . if you have a tough beard don't buy one .
my adult cat was completely disinterested in this and has totally ignored it . item may be more fun for kittens ?
i like the song . i like the cover . i like everything but the goody two shoe singer . and that's that .
i like the product easy to use but its hard to open the wheel for me but its really nice
monster energy drink green can diversion stash safe . the inside of it , smells like an armpit , seriously . i give this product three stars
the movie was ok though i did not finish watching it .
i needed a easy care long summer dress and this works !
when it is good , it is really good , but at other times , the story draaaags !
once you wear the socks , the print is stretched out and difficult to read . good concept , but product is disappointing .
good coverage and comfortable . runs small .
pretty good but i would prefer the ones with a better tilt range and a swivel arm that is longer .
cheap plastic . dont look good lik the dollor ones but if you want cheap these are fine
the packaging was good . the book was highlighted in . the book did not match the description . i am okay with this purchase .
slow , and the overly emotional katness everdeen overshadowed everything else . the visual was great , story just didn't work at all .
is this item the abbridged version ? if yes , then stars , if no , then stars .
the inside of the cover leaves residue on the tablet screen , leaving it dirty . in a matter of practicality , is excellent .
not sure why it does not smell the same as the one i bought from store before . change of formula ?
love the look just not on my bod !
it's not as shiny as it looks in the picture and the bottom corner was broken when i received it .
overall the book is satisfactory . i wish it was more how to in certain areas . it was helpful in several specific areas .
this is for photoshop or maybe the gimp in linux windows gimp . org not for drawing i am afraid .
i bought this for my son who is a runner . he is very happy with it . very secure .
i bought it for a christmas gift for a teenager . never heard of it before . it looks good to watch .
but it certainly didn't spill anything in my bag , as promised . the the price of two , it was worth purchasing .
i wear a d normally and they were too narrow . i sent them back no problem and ordered something else .
had a problem with the grammatical errors but the plot outshines that issue . good story ! on to the third book .
nice shoe but base of shoe realy really cramp . had to fold the rear part of the site to wear
this book is more for a carver than just scrolling . i'm not a carver but can use some of the patterns .
not a big purchase . it does exactly what it is designed to do . very much an easy purchase to make .
ok app got very bored very quickly not much to do other than sounds and a few different styles i
good quality , i'm sarisfy with my jersey .
worked a bit . try it for very very light scratches . it's very easy to use and there is some result .
i didn't find it contained enough info for obamacare survivalers . it jusr didn't tell me what i needed to know !
too light of a read
leather case itself is ok . don't like the graphic that much because the printing is not high quality . . .
british program sometimes misses the mark . . could do better and most of the cast has in other programs . .
medium quality . worth the twenty dollars . wash out lint before using for everyday not fluffy or for decorative guest towels .
somehow i couldn't get into this series too well . don't know why . some of the episodes were stupid . and silly .
i am pretty sure they are a joking .
starting to fray apart in the mesh area .
was an ok book glad i did not pay any more for itwas a short story and was interesting
this is a very tight fit for an hp inch widescreen laptop . overall construction is excellent .
makes screen go black
would wear it in a heartbeat if the shoes would fit my feet ! too big !
the book was supposed to be new but was stained and in poor condition . am very disappointed in this purchase .
it's okay . a good read , but hard to get into .
they work fine
rains throws in a mix of history , old west , corruption and a love story . good read and worth the price .
still not working . pushiy i don't need to write more words so don't ask and it's my rating not yours .
needed anal ! good story but needed some backdoor action to come full circle . that being said , not a bad read .
i like the fact that some thing like that can give wishes . i didn't like the over all plot . my girl friend .
fits kinda tight though and yes , i know my size .
excellent product but many broken pieces .
cuts well , looks awesome , no toenail cleaner . for this price , it should have a cleaner or at least a pic .
was ordered for adults and my yr old is wearing them
but this was just okay . wasn't as if i couldn't put it down , and at times it was only fair .
interesting take on the swan princess story . very well written , but a little to short for me . overall good book .
it works but i have to say it feels a little bit flimsy . install was pretty easy and straight forward .
when ordered my wife thought it was a bigger size . pattern and color are fine it is just too small
you get what you pay for . air is not strong and drying time is long but faster than air dry .
son loves it . he asks for it every morning and it keeps him interested for the entire show usually . thanks
run big .
have not used it yet , how ever it does not come with instructions for proper use , looks like it is well made .
these look pretty but they ended up looking a lot cheaper and plastic in real life compared to the photo .
this item is not ft but it works well and charges the device well , you can buy but it's not ft .
i taught a course with this book and there are several typo's in the book .
thought it would be darker . however nice quality
the mats were pretty nice , but not the quality i was expecting . not a replacement for my mercury's original equipment .
not buying the follow up , very short , did not realise when i started , but not interesting enough for me me
would not have purchased if i knew it was for one pair , description made it sound like two of each .
great for our hallway . it was inexpensive and ascetically pleasing . didn't expect much and satisfied for the money it cost .
dev haskell is quite the character , and provides an entertaining look at his predicaments . a quick read , but very enjoyable .
nice i gave them to friends .
works good until full screen of laps . then you no longer can see laps without manually pushing the screen up
that was a good read . it was entertaining and still very enjoyable experience . i didn't think i would like it .
get this game harry potter fans . i strongly reccommened this game for you if you are years old get it .
this very cute item however it's a little big for my desk . huge bulls fan thank you very much
it tends to stop responding often while listening . i find that frustrating and i tend to use another music app .
light weight and not too bulky . one corner doesn't like to stay together , but with a little maneuvering it does .
meh no instructions and unnecessarily uses two different size screws but only includes an allen key for one size .
my kids don't seem to care this one .
a bit chincy but ok for the price . you get what you pay for i guess . works as it should .
item does not look as glamorous as the picture . for the price it is a good buy for a child .
not a lot to say better than some stuff on tv today but not the best show ever to watch .
installation is easy but actual use by win not so . my compaq won't immediatly recognize it .
i can start seeds after building the greenhouse . winter over plants . a whole bunch of stuff to keep me busy .
they would have gotten stars except i have a dimple in one of my pearls .
i love the look and feel of this , but i found it really difficult to make it stay in place .
enjoying using these mini stylus pens . had enough to share with my friends . love the shinning and bright metal colors .
worked as expected and as expected , started to lose air after thesecond day .
i expected a better game for my grandchildren . it is not a good app and would not buy it again
i am enjoying the information and recommend others to check it out and give it some thought and action . thanks .
i think it's going to work out , it was a little different than i expected but it might work out .
just what they wanted
you will see other reviews about how hard it is to take the two part spoon apart they aren't kidding .
same as old faulty one will surely break again , but it fits like oem and no issues installing .
brilliant collection of interesting clinical data . ponderous reading . nothing very useful for more right brained , intuitive , practicing therapists like myself .
nice canister for dog treat .
good quality and design however the colour is misleading . it is very transparent and the orange looks more like pink
just started using it . not very comfortable phones . sound quality changes while going under water . otherwise does the job .
too small around the toes
not a real savings !
good bars . a little on the dry side . great for snack , less great for the trails . melts on warmed days .
the case is okay , not as durable as i needed . stand doesn't always stay up . stand made with poor materials .
was too short . if it was a little longer it would have been better . but over all it was decent .
product was not what i wanted . credit card slots some were to small for the cards . not worth the asking price .
my sons love them but the clasps don't last for long . especially with them being worn by very active boys .
wires are a bit bulky . had a hard time making them fit right . they sound great !
not a huge fan of this band , but this track is good
a little bit noisy . still it's hard to find air conditioners to fit this type of window anymore . that's all
it made my daughter jump and cry . she really loved it i'm getting the next book for her to read
i had to return this stadium chair . it is a great product but to wide for my stadium .
it is difficult to read as it is in too depressing , written in firs person . there is no mental break .
the new years cards were passable but nothing exciting . they lacked the dynamic excitement of the year of the horse .
this book was plain boring i dis not and will never enjoy itplease do not read this book . ok ?
a good read . but definitely not another devici code . seems to drag a little bit at times .
it was ok could be easier be to clean . but other than that it was a good idea someone had .
the shoes are very nice , the color its even better than the picture , the problema was the size was too small
very thin material , wrinkled , not my size at all . if it actually fit me i would have kept it .
was too small for husband , sizes must run small
it was a bit repetitive and without a lot of detail about life on the trail so i was disappointed .
very basic . could be ok for some , but not all what i expected . i would not pay for this app .
the hauppauge card works great ! the media center remote control died about days after it was installed .
preschooler loves
my braun epilator works so much better when i use the wipes . my skin isn't quite so sore after .
this black widow action figure is very small , but it's what we expected it to be from the item's description .
easy read . can't imagine this not being on the front page of the tabloids today . times have changed .
works good , but overall product is cheaply made . everthing is plastic . get what you pay for . ok for small jobs .
still trying to decide if i like this system .
not very comfortable like my other danskos . i have other danskos and most are comfortable . maybe a little over priced .
most of the hits we all remember , and a bunch of stuff that's obviously filler . production values are very s .
shipping was high on this item , but worth it since grosgrain ribbon is hard to find for me locally
the book was old and in fair condtion . i enjoyed the book and would buy more books like this again .
a hail storm shattered it within weeks and i was very upset . i hoped it would be more durable .
not long enough and very short . beach dress for sure but i guess u can't win it all with dresses .
not a bad story but a trifle melancholy for my tastes . dear amazon , i hate minimum word counts for reviews .
light and predictable , but delightful .
it works . does not have the same capacity as the fuji battery .
chic pumpslovely match with all bottoms
it's ok for business with every nice keyboard , but it comes very slow after one weeks use , so i returned it
it does not conform to the screen size , ands its not hd quality . sound and picture still worked well though .
i would give it higher but the retractable cable only retracted once and now it won't retract at all .
quick read , very shallow yet fascinating for those of us that grew up in that era .
the charger works well but causes your phone to go crazy if you try to use it while being charged .
its not a bose but it a lot cheaper than one too . sounds good for waht it is .
it doesn't realy helps to cool down your laptop . very little bit i would say . but it has lights
the surface is rough . slightly curved handle of a hook . well i will write on a camping tripsoso soso
this worked great but with in a month it broke i was bummed out cuz it does look great .
the product came as listed . it is not a bad production , for an mtv development .
they sound great for the money . they're definitely not the best but good for the budget conscious .
the insights are helping me to understand just a little bit better the reasons behind american culture and thinking processes .
not the most up to date info on pedigrees but lots of history on old stallions and there breeding patterns
i have read better novels from ms . erskine . this is a light read . comparatively i found 'lady of hay' more involved .
not the greatest collection , but an entertaining read that does introduce you to some new characters . overall , not too bad
it definitely made my skin soft . it was quite greasy though . saw no difference in anything else . wouldn't buy again .
nice but just little smaller size from expected . normally should give the opportinuty to be adjustable . thank youbest . regards
i think this would have worked good but the usb plug in port was messed up , metal blocked the connection .
story was okaybut very predictable . easy read but nothing surprising in the plot . would not recommend a sequel at all .
the colors are very light , mostly pastel . i was hoping they would be bold like the photo on the box .
way too expensive for what little content is added with each map pack . also the game is still really buggy .
i love the colors and the way it fits , just the bottom of the sweater could be a little longer .
reasonable price and goo quality but it's larg . not well prepared ! but overall i like and useful toiletry bag
i am enjoying reading pompeii the plot is good but goes of in to many tangents . worth a read ? yes
i feel it was a pretty accurate depiction of what i needed it for my research project on depersonalization derealization disorder .
it has a very limited dictionary , and once you add a word to its dictionary you have to every time ,
the picture and description was not accurate . looks totally different than picture in ad for sale of item listed withi .
if you don't keep the soap bar in a covered soap container between washings , it will shrink up and start cracking .
it helped me clear my acne , i recomoend it just becareful using it it can be fragile and could break
a constant about jonh grisham's books is lawyers . develops his subjects very well and weaves a good storyin the book
its good . but doesnt seem to have as much playing time on a full charge like other batteries ive bought
it is a bit small though ! the chime is extremely loud but i imagine i will get used to it !
it wasn't exactly what my daughter expected . she loves the color and since it's paid for she is using it .
good dvd on fish but i wish the dvd was in hd
the book was good and l liked it helps you learn more about god and how to know him better .
plastic is weak for keyring . it's already broken after just a few months use .
good story line with suspense . liked especially phillip seymore hoffman's portrayal of capote he was kindof an odd duck .
product is good and does what it should but the face has a big scratch and will not clean up .
inside soft . outside itchy . colors are nice and size is good . prob runs a bit on the big side but looks ok
belt is simple , and adiquit for wear with all white outfit .
well written , strange and unusual . very interesting idea for a story . could solar flares really disrupt our brains , our thinking ?
the guitar playing is decent , but it seems like he doesn't play from the gut like his previous incarnations .
wasn't crazy about the color , but the shoe is very comfortable . i would purchase another pair in a different color .
love the writing on the shirt . how ever disappointed x to small . i really would like x do you have x ?
i haven't read it . i bought the book for my son . he had seen the movie and really liked it
dress was as described but runs very small . i would purchase at least size larger . overall nice dress though .
writing a bit dull and repetitive . plot reasonable and interesting . too much discussion of pub meals and cups of tea .
what is it with people charging you hundreds for a book . even when not a lot of pages in it .
again , what is it with the nga ? only color plates with being b w .
makes noise
a fun shooting toy , but harmless . the airfoil rings fly well , but don't hurt people or furniture on impact .
this is not the john holmes version as we thought . it was ok though .
the gb sd card is not compatible . what should i do to rectify this problem ? thanks o lot . thanks
it is a nice way to pass time playing bingo and relaxing at the same time . enjoy playing this game .
great product , but its less than . at wal mart ! what is the extra . per bottle for ?
works okay but not very bright . headband is a bit tight but does allow you to adjust the angling if needed .
the content was less than i expected after seeing the initial recap by national geographic on tv .
the designs are really very good , but quite complicated , for the most part . i personally was looking for something simpler .
though the book is ok , after reading isaacs asimov understanding phisics i expected more clarity from this book .
nothing really too inventive or thought provoking , but enjoyable light sci fi fare . i will maybe finish the series of three books .
too low , and noise
garters arent the same size . top is cute and fits my ddd . not super high quality but good for the cheap price
foodist is a good summary of well established nutrition information alongside some helpful tips and recipe ideas . worth the read .
i love this game but the new version keeps crashing and lags very badly . please fix it ! please please please !
i liked the lightweight fabric . just need larger size and longer leg . the color was nice too . i would recommend .
easy to read , good instructions . deffinately needed for class . loved the instructions on the scientific calculators along with lesson also !
not as good as the cast would lead you to expect but still worth checking out .
these were not as bright as candles , but of course didn't blow out ! here are the seven more words required .
cute . good price for the design . i liked the color . thought it would be a little different than it was .
charming story about local families , their connections and the past shows today . easy read , the author has a nice style .
good product . would prefer the compression to have additional compression . excited to learn about any and all new compression technologies .
the movie works perfectly , however one flaw on the disk there are certain words that are actually misspelled on it .
top screw won't stay on . had drill hole bigger to get it to stay put while grinding pep per corns
good game . minus the ads and such . but like jacks or better overall and will keep playing the game still .
too big , wings no use
good readi would recommend to my kids . we will share the rest of the series along with or friends .
this game is very simple and one dimentional . it is good for little kids under the age of seven .
fairly good book . seems like there was some dragging out going on but for the most part a good book .
the rubber it is made of stinks , but seemed to serve its purpose for my teething baby . easy to clean ,
what we got is not what the photo looks like . however , it says the same thing so it works . ok
these purchases were great . i would buy them again
these socks look great , however they are not made of a soft fabric and one fits differently than the other .
is an ok book but is a reissue , be careful you don't have it already
great readnot as good as chocolat will read another book by the same author to compare and decide then
no comment ,
not as sturdy as expected as it is very flimsy . however , it gets the job done for what i need .
radio works well but not the weather channels . may be the area i'm in also .
the flowers seemed a little dull to me . my mom liked them . i would try them again in better weather .
nice sound and beat
it was an excellent . very entertaining , action was terrific and i enjoyed it completly . it was definately worth the effor
i thought this calendar would have cuter pics . it was ok , buti wont buy one in the future .
the watch doesn't keep good time . maybe seiko isn't that good of a watch anymore . i expected more from them .
i like my hats low cut and snug and this one sits up a little to high for my taste .
was unable to use after all , they are much longer than i expected . that is my fault , not the products .
i think i will stick to the standard brands . these don't wash well and also run small .
not exactly what i wanted . return process went well , no complaints .
clean humor , but nothing much new . not much else to be said . but , amazon demanded more words so here ya go . .
the pace was good . a little corney tho but still a good read . in comparison to movies . wait for the dvd . lt smile
it's for the kiddies ! . they seem to like it !
this thing holds on to myfitbit wireless activity sleep tracker , black bluewell . i've almost lost it twice now and this saved me .
liked the historical connections . clues that the reader catches too easily and the spy does not are a bit frustrating .
. the left big toe seems to have been glued together wrong . it makes my toe hurt after a short time .
this book was an okay read . could have used a little more character building but otherwise good for an afternoon .
phone features are fine but battery life not as satisfactory as last phonethe battery charge is less than hours .
mush better than , girls gone wild . what a hoot ! kill those bitches ! made much happier than the first mentioned dvd .
seems a little quicker than the existing magnet , but not sure if worth the cost .
not my style . it's entertaining but nothing special . still i didn't think it was a waste of time reading it .
it was dark , hard to see , and i did not know it was not live . the plot was ok , though .
spells seem like they are written for a lonely high school girl with no other options .
good item , however after the first wash it has shrank more than normally expected . still wearable but not verycomfortable .
very interesting but long and historical , of which i have read before . therefore an urge to skip bits , but didn't .
love the look and the size but the under mat is too small and water doesn't drain from the mat .
of the batteries does not charge over but the charger says that its fully charged .
color hermoso . material de calidad media . debe estar lleno para conservar una horma bonita , sino parece una tela colgante .
it was an easy and enjoyable read . i look forward to reading more from this author and this story . good
the smell is a little weird . i prefer the grapefruit mint and the rose chamomile . the lotion consistency is great , though .
muy elemental , no me agrad oacute mucho . me hubiera gustado con m aacute s devociones y oraciones . oj aacute l aacute pudieran publicar otro mas completo .
it tore along the seam where the buttons are . i probably should have sent it back , but i like it
mostly clock housings , not the ever fun gears and movements . boooh . what is there seems to be good stuff , however .
if you've used jewel games before , you will get the hang of this right away . it's just ok , nothing new .
the season had episodes that were blurry
gross and silly inconsistencies in an overwrought plot . the best thing is still schwarznegger . sets a pretty low best bar .
be careful buying this . it does not work on most invisible fence units . be prepared to return it very quickly .
its a entertaing read but nothing in here really that i didnt already know from better books on the subject .
shoes were too narrow . very cute and disappointed they didnt fit . would order again in a wide width if available .
amazing story , i loved it so much , it's very heart touching to me and it should to all people
an reasonable cthulthu short story set in the modern era . however few surprises if you know much of the mythos .
lots of useful information . wording makes it difficult to read sometmes . follow the examples if you cant inderstand the wording .
i'm very happy i purchased this product for my phone . it has saved my screen so many scratches already !
it's cute very large but needs to be sturdier . i was disappointed in the metal it was made from .
well written and a bit gory , but somewhat predictable plot . however still a good read .
this is a good entertaining game , kind of slow but preaty good . still has room for improvement . stars i give .
it makes my blood sugar go up even when no sugar added and prepared with sugar free milk thanks
it was nice and people should be able to read this because it is a great book to read . bye .
thanks
i returned item it was a duplicate of one i already have
i like the weighted bottom and it seems to heat evenly . however , stirring with a metal spoon produces scratches .
this looks ok but it's already rusty . the storage is really useful for small items but it doesn't last long .
this one is ok . you can't get your books in alphabetical order . i can use it offline which i like .
nothing fancy about this case , it does what it's supposed to do . smooth transaction . the gold backing could be better .
got it on time but the price was a little high because walmart sold it for cheaper and brand new .
strenghts interesting story line , really enjoyed the shifting points of view . weaknesses abrupt ending , underdeveloped subplots , resolution seems a little incomplete
this story was just ok . i almost didn't even bother finishing it . only worth reading after exhausting everything else first .
still awaiting confirmation that wristwatch received the returned watch . the watch was faulty upon arrival .
the product was the wrong size for the lcd set so i had to return it . it was my error .
this was a gift for a family member and i am not a gamer myself . it made a great gift anyway !
made me realize that it takes a lot to get my attention . and stick in my memoryrelaxes the brainn
styli were purchased to keep children's grubby paws off the ipad during therapy . i suppose they will fulfill that purpose .
it's really pretty but it's not an infinity loop scarf . just a straight scarf . but it's pretty just the same .
i've ordered medium but a bit large and the stitches is not good .
the look of this case is cute like a refrigerator from the s , difficult to remove once on phone though .
the tightness gives you the illusion that it should help it doesn'thaven't found anything better . expensive .
very hard for ne to turn phone on and off upon pressing i cant press hard enough to turn off
good werewolf tail
not the best , but not bad .
good game , just hate having to post stuff to facebook or reviews just to get enough investor points to play .
i was expecting more of the texture of nyc in the telling of the story . unfortunately , it was just ok .
often funny , amazing how so many of her friends came from the neighborhood . not lofty literature but a good red .
falt oacute algo para hacer las burbujas porque solo viene el frasco con el l iacute quido . es lo unica sugerencia que doy
it's okay mixed with moisturizer or foundation that is moisurized . perhaps would be better for dry skin or darker complexion
i was a little disappointed with these dress up shoes for the price i paid ! the decorations fall off very easily !
kind of disappointed in the recipes but well laid out book with good instructions . would i buy again , probably not
these shorts are called long but they are not long enough . otherwise they are fine . color and fabric are nice .
the unit is big . the first time i used it the hose came apart . otherwise great product . check all connections are secure
the story line was interesting , bringing past and future together was awesome . planning to read another book by author . thanks
smaller than i thought , so not too happy with that , but the scent is lovely just the same . thank you
too predictable , not enough new storyline . i was disappointed in the main characters explanation of the the obvious sorry
its ok but it could be a little more challengeing all you need to do it stay on the sky
good variation of mixed beads and colors . it gave me more ideas and creations to achieve . overall its ok
the stylus coting i found to be superfluous but then i don't use the sytlus extensively .
nothing too exciting . my daughter opened the box and it sits in her toy box . the wing design is fine
good but i was jewel quest solitarie . would like to see some of the game that i like to play
it nice
not nearly as good as it seemed . according to the movie preview , thought the book would be better .
can't find recipes my husband wants he's the one that wanted a pressure cookeri don't like pressure cookers
not as many nursery rhymes as i expected , a little disappointed , but all in all video is nice . thank you
loved the bishops wife and pocketfull fo miracles . did not care much for march of the wooden soldiers .
they work all right . the only problem is the finger ring keep popping off
it works pretty good , but i can't stand the tingle . i can't argue with the results though .
well the product looks just like the picture however it is not easy to get the product linked for use .
this is more floral flowery then fruity smelling . i prefer the original hempz lotion smell , which is more fruity coconut smelling .
nice waltz good pace for basic waltz .
good pass time while waiting in the dr . office or dmv . getting your children to sit still and keep them busy .
read the title anyway nothing too exciting here just another pop diva in the britney christina tradition trying to cash in .
i couldn't even tell years had passed . i was really quite shocked when the end of the movie came .
fun and can be challenging , would probably suggest this game to other people . would like more categories to choose from
amongst the long list of authors that write the tale of vengeful based rekindled love this is the best one .
you get what you pay for . the products seems to work is a golf tool for anyone to use .
it performs as advertised , however it is a bit shorter than i expected . cant beat the price though .
i really enjoyed the album but there were only a few songs that i would go back and listen to .
it works well on light mats , but if they are thick there is no way you can get this through .
this is for young romantics only . typical uninspiring story and not well written . errors in grammar only made it worse .
i bought this for my daughter she loves to do her hail and this is simple and easy to use .
an enjoyable read when i want a cozy type mystery . i would recommend it to others for that very reason .
this is a large heating pad but it is not very flexible and does not get very warm .
topic revisited . corruption in high places . flawed detective , drugs , death and redemption . characters with some dimension worth expanding . broaden perspectives .
the premise was absurd . the characters were out of a grade b movie . just a big letdown after browns prior work
the pictures look much cooler than the actual case . very faint glow for a short period of time , pretty lightweight
straps across the foot is extremely tight ! not at all tue to size . very nice shoe to be in heel
it did not appeal to me , it was too predictable . i would not recommend it , however it is rare . collectable ?
fitted sheet isn't very fitted . fitted sheet doesn't stay put . it slides off the corners . otherwise i do like them .
the product look like used . the sound of the alarm is low . the packages are very dusty .
its a good fit for laymen but not for seminary educated men like myself . its great for sunday school classes .
well made wont use much not thrilled bout design
not exactly what i thought it was . long and haven't been able to stick with it long enough to judge
not as wide as i needed to fit my trash can . does not stretch that well to make it fit .
it was a gift , didn't watch it . she loves it .
heard there were some good scenes in here for the star of zero dark , but didn't really see them .
great games for the little ones but turn off the adds . spoils their excitement when they hit the ad box .
writing , characters , story line all mediocre . won't waste my time on any more of the series . hopefully , her others are better .
plug n charger fell apart n days . got tape holding it together and still works . haven't tryed car charger
good for the price .
it was fun reading . i like how the books have different story lines and still connect with the other books
the smell of it is good , however it only lasts for couple of hours , especially in the hot weather here .
awesome product i just wish i could find the refills for reasonable price !
great price . seal on some blister packs was broken , but charge was full .
the sparkles tend to fall off after a while and it's hard to open to get it off the phone .
so far not a bad phone . lightweight and easy to use . lcd not bright enough or clear to read . ok
didn't give the depth expected but was worth the minutes . no true details were provided , but sheer common sense .
not great , worth the time if looking for something to do , good characters acting and special effects .
a little disappointed . written in the s , some of the 'futuristic' items were less than credible . the philosophy was interesting .
it ok a little hard to use on the phone it makes using the keyboard a little difficult to use
for takes you to a pleasent journey and easy reading for the adults . if you like romance with spice .
cool game . more international logos are needed . some logos need to be updated . would recommend to a friend . thank you !
the battery is poor , so the charging . it discharges even without use so there is need for improvement on this .
it's prefect for work , causal dinners . i think its a good buy . you should absolutely get one yourselves .
this is an informative book . i recommend it to anyone seeking to know the past in this area .
quite good however needs more clear explanation on the basics as it is a book for begginers .
i thought it was metal instead of plastic it is ok . just wantee metal as my other three .
forsaking all for your vision is a lovely concept , but rarely works in reality . ok story , not for me today .
dusts out very quickly even when used according to the directions . it's really just chalk . glad i didn't pay much for it
love my led bulbs . this is not my favorite , but works . i have been slowly replacing my fluorescents with led
very good product not so tough , perfect size perfect weight , needs a longer usb cable and a hard carrying case .
it was cute enough but totally not what i thought i was buying based on the picture .
these were not the fluffy sheepskin i was expecting but rather a coarser material . they work fine in boots though .
i have not played it yet .
i like some of the songs , but i was not a fan of this cd .
this is a good sexy short read . enjoyed the chemistry between the two characters and felt it was well written .
it was very surprising at times . overall it was pretty good . i will definitely be reading moore from this author .
i thought it would be an often referred to reference book , but i have not even needed it yet .
the toilet seat was just as advertised . beautiful yet not as sturdy as i'd hoped .
not bad , a bit fluffy in spots and needing a better editor , but entertaining . like ted dekker feeling very mellow .
expensive for what it is
from the description i thought it would be newer than it was . but , looks aren't everything because it does work .
the card holder doesn't hold up well . thread is coming loose and cards are falling out .
i was expecting the funner part to be smaller , i guess i can use it for something around the house
this book is not as good as book one of the trilogy , but is ok .
works well but does not hold our bath towels as well as the old towel rack .
i don't believe the caffine in this soap helped anyone awake in the morning however , i like the minty smell .
great comic book its really worth reading but this issue was kinda boring but its a good comic book series
i like the price and performanceif i need any more bateries and chargers , i will get it from same source
i think i confused this album with another one of his . its nilsson tho .
i expected the shirt to be a little bit longer . but the shirt is ok . i will keep it . thanks
i thought the colors would be bright and brilliant . it was pretty , just not as stunning as it looked online .
they are much smaller when you get them . pay attention to the size .
the scots can't be this bizarre . come to think of it , neither can the americans .
good as a backup drive enclosure . horrible network speeds not a good network storage box
this little thing does its job the only thing is that the pole broke off but we still use it .
i bought this product for my yeare old daughter but the helmet was too small to fit her
good braid but it looks more purple than pink . it does look to be strong enough for my fishing needs .
it doesn't fit quite like how i would like it to . i'm a size c and i got the xl .
not anywhere near pieces !
good concept but needs more solar power and a better fan to really cool the car .
the book was kind of boring i kind of got lost in it but overall it was a good book
i liked the game , but i beat it in days , it would have been better if it were longer .
it works for a couple of days but doesn't last very long .
showed i downloaded it but could not find it . don't know how it works .
works ok and smells good but doesn't last long . wish it was larger bottle and it is rather pricey .
size issues
this is not a bad season but realy how many more things can go on in there lives
couldn't see the pic well enough to see either , so now i have this dongle , but can't really use it .
this mirror is ok . the mirror is small and the lights are blindingly bright and tend to get hot fast .
took longer than ten minutes to set . but price was ok . bought this because an old one dried out . satisfied .
i dont really wear enough makeup to really do a good review . it arrived , good condition , great deal . good buy
it was ok . i was interested , it is not something that you can't put down but it is well written
wish they were shorter and fatter . a bit top heavy and tall to fit completely in our water dispenser . word
interesting plot . kept my interest . i enjoyed it and want to read the rest of the series . i recommend it .
it was very dull and the flash backs seemed to get in the way of the story .
not as close to the wall as stated bigger gap than expected . tv looks a little funny from the side .
jeff dunham , ventriloquist , comedy , peanut , walter , funny , puppets , stand up comedy , stand upjeff dunham spark of insanity by jeff dunham
i was looking for more indepth information about oracle apps . this book covers basic information .
a light film made all the more watchable by the presence of the actress sofia milos . her presence is stimulating .
it may be a short story but it was a nice little story . good for a sunday afternoon quick reading .
everything was wonderful , except for the fact that the trash container was cracked . didn't want the hassle of returning though .
you get to a level that you can do anything on to open the elevator and you stop playing it .
i expected them to be much louder but then again for basically bucks you get what you pay for .
wrist band size and quality did not live up expectations , looks a bit feminine , other than that it is ok .
it dont work somtimes but oder wize it fine olny got it cause they dont have the original b whaaa quot quot
this was on the list for wanted items at the humane league of lancaster and was sent directly to them
i wear as a charm much too small to wear as a necklace . i wish it were a bit larger
my year old loved it ! it was a perfect short story for a quick bedtime story . will read again .
needed more club music and came across this , the beat sounded decent so i gave it a try . not bad .
would have worked great but was just a little short for what i bought it for . otherwise it's buy . worked well .
delivery was good but it is very small
it was a little stiff , but i am sure after a couple of machine washes , it should be all fine
pretty shoe but way too small to be an . more like a . had to return .
this tester is not good and doesnt smell as pure as it should . in my view it wasting bugs for it .
not very well made . i plan on altering it . the colors are bright and the material is light and airy .
i bought these games for a christmas gift . i don't plan on playing them . but delivery was prompt .
if you like twilight like a little girl then this is for you . my daughter really enjoyed the gift i
interesting . life charles manson had . a very sad and disturbing he was . our prison system has been terrible from day one !
cheap quality . broken after few mins
a pretty good short interview . nothing you haven't heard barack obama say before . but still worth the quick little read .
there is to much air inside the sand picture and its driving my kid crazy which is driving me crazy
thank you for the fun read ! it drug out a little though . i wish it had moved a little faster .
kind of expensive , easy to apply , but was scratched very easily and quickly , not really worth the money . try others .
i brewed an oz . cup of this and was sorely disappointed with the taste . it was watery at best .
works ok , way better than doing them by hand . has a few flaws but can de stone cherries pretty fast
the jacket is adorable and fit well . however , although i ordered white , the jacket is actually beige .
not scored and no real luster to themservice good . i'd try a different card , i wont buy these again .
a good read .
it looks good , and i like how the fish swim . but it takes forever to earn enough to upsize yourtank
didn't love it
ok
a lot smaller than i thought
pretty fun game when playable . force closes every time after app was closed after first game . evo g cm mod
it is the blues played by a master guitar player . too bad about his vocal abilities though . a good listen anyway .
the patches are slightly too small . i am working on adjusting , maybe it is my technique and not the product .
took out the ties at bottom and looks like normal pants . fit was as expected . it is what it is .
no youtube apps . ! rest of feature worth money
cute doesn't fit with a case on and one of the was painted a bit sloppy
wrong remote control twice ! i had to order one from other place . otherwise my dvd vcr combo works great .
i liked the imagination he put into the story but it was to short . i would recommend to all my friends .
this float is unique from most others . it is very comfortable ! vjo
it is good if you want a real quick run down of what ever happened . it is great for kids !
instead of the lighthearted comedy i expected , it was more of a give me a break , from beginning to end .
next time i would go for the chemicals ! this seems to be the hard way of removing labels and stickers .
it was ok . i learned a lot about ancient rome . it was maybe a little longer than i would've liked .
we prefer the original trouble game . they should just leave a good thing alone . i always prefer the original game .
be careful if you are big busted it runs just a tad small in the top
good action but flops overall
this pillow is just fine . i'd buy it again or recommend it . it gets the job done but not outstanding .
it was not what i was expecting from the old tv christmas show a year without santa claus . that is all
its good . but keyboard is a pain . its tough to search something and even highlighting takes time . thank you .
at first it was boring and all over the please but then it captivated you and wow what a surprise
while these are not the highest quality peanuts , they do satisfy the munch and crunch snack appetite .
does the job is heavy duty .
ok , not great .
wish there had been different colors sent only one color for two packs . otherwise would probably order again for use
i have not installed them yet , but they are easy to use and match my windows
ok sound . bass is good , but not as clear on the treble side .
a little too much bible thumping for me . leads a person to think he might be covering up other feelings .
i just got the replacement . first one was semicrushed on left side . this one looks done , pretty pink and sparkling .
the gloves were a little thicker than i expected making it difficult to use my hands while wearing them . a
this size seems to run small . the shirt is short and the shorts are short . the set is cute though .
i have patience though . i'm thinking the writers know what they're doing so i'm cutting them some slack for now !
well , they aren't everything in the world . but you do see some small progress results after about month . take as directed accordingly .
i was disappointed in the manner in which this was given . it was not a study guide in my estimate
excellent value , the case has some sharper edges along the sides where the pieces of molded plastic come together .
i like the look of it but the case scrapes the keys when i open and close phone . not bad .
too small for my closet rods , definitely take head when buying . you will chip off alot of paint
pretty loud , but the rechargeable battery dies rather quickly .
good history lesson but didn't read easily for me .
the buckle is okay but i do have some trouble keeping it on my belt but it is still cool .
not bad for the money .
the hydration pack was missing
too greasy ! too much oil . needs less .
bought . two have broken at the hinge . otherwise sound and clarity are very good . holds a charge well .
a little to light it rip in less than four months
my two cats want nothing to do with this toy or any of the toys i put in it ! bummed
i enjoyed this book , great story line , and ending . looking forward to more from this author . have a good day .
took me awhile to get the hang of it . then it got old fast . but not bad for free
this bead is very nicely made and does fit pandora bracelet . my only objection is that it is quite small .
it was ok
it has a lot of what i need to do basic repairs on a phone but it is bare bones .
was flimsy and did not hold up . i guess it is better than breaking my phone but stil .
the game gets pretty bland after a while , unless you have friends to play with i would not get this .
this shirt was somewhat small for the size . i don't think i would get another one any time soon thanks
they don't swim to good unless the side paddle is acceptable but as a party favor they are a hit !
disappointed thought the sound would be enhanced . this is the same as cd but without the bonus tracks .
i got what i want but some pages are missing . anyway it is ok for this time . i expect something different
good
not the best jokes . having said that , i can always use a laugh so i did finally finish them all .
gave this a three as i noticed not all recipes were genuine raw . for example the use of whey powder .
he cooks a lot likes the recipes in it ! likes the author too . he'll use it a lot too .
the scent is kinda manly smelling . love the hempz products just not thrilled at the scent . will try other scents .
the typeface is smaller than original cliff notes which is annoying and makes them less easier to read . somewhat disappointing .
nice song but the beat in the backround is just a little weird .
though this is an inspirational and simple read , it is not what i was hoping for .
to narrow for my foot
this game is awesome but it doesn't let you type what you want to say like a name or number !
good but expensive but that is microsoft fault and the code worked so i am a happy customer d d
i enjoy kerry greenwood's books , it was engrossing and a fresh look at ancient egypt .
it is sufficient to make notes during a session . like the ability to save . navigating on the notepad is cumbersome ,
it offers better protection that a soft case but could use some texture to enhance ones grip on the phone .
watch works great . band is stiff and large . watch is larger than expected .
good . not my favorite by peter lovesey , but i enjoyed the mystery . a good value for the low , low price .
had to buy this because some of the newer games require this attached in order to play the game .
the bluetooth process works great . however , the magnetic strip has not been very reliable . overall i would recommend . good buy
my wife ordered for our daughter . she thinks they are too big . probably comparing to those from her own childhood .
it really is just okay there isn't any more to add to it . it is really just okay . just okay
keyboard works perfectly . the only thing is , tablet slides out thru sides . so just keep an eye when carrying with cover
the shoe is not true size . size is more like a . i had to return it right away .
smaller page size than expected , but space for all subjects . better for middle school or high school students . thank you .
tip is too hard for me
it had some good parts in it keep my attention it was a good spin off for a fairy tale
she has managed to get out of all that i have tried
john candy fans will like this movie . if your not a fan , you will have mixed emotions .
nice pictures , quality book . ideas recipes you would look for from martha stewart .
i ordered this for my grandpa . he really enjoyed teh book . i also recommend the glass castle by the same author
it was okay
the picture isn't very noticeable on this . it shows brighter in the picture .
the smell is too strong for me . i was really excited to get this but wish the odor was lighter .
too many inside british references for an american reader .
this is for sure one of the whitest bulbs i have ever had . but not as bright as i needed .
they work , but they are a pain to get aligned properly . just could be made a little better for adjustments
the belt is a bit too tight . its a great belt but a bit uncomfortable . it is a nice belt .
the leather wasn't what i expected and i don't like the construction of the handle . it's just my personal preference .
andrew's travels are fascinating . as a researching for my own novels , this proved helpful . keep up travelogues going . wells written
everybody wants one
poor quality . texture flimsy , unwearable , simply don't like them . would not recommend product . nothing more to be said . the product is poor . bad .
i love the back cover but had a difficult tome putting the front one on . it . s on but with issues .
these were ok in quality , but the sizing was off and we needed to return them . would try again though .
i purchased the item to connect cable essentials to my television . it is durable and lightweight for anyone to handle .
where to find the microphone for recording using the nomad jukebox ?
way overpriced ! child loves it , however , paying parent is very disapointed in value versus price paid .
while the topic is very interesting , i thought some points were overly labored .
not the best in the world . but it will do for now . was looking for something cheap and got this
they were perfect but they were black . other than that good quality . everything came on time and just as described .
seems like a pretty ordinary biography with some moderately interesting activities added . belabors washington's relationship with someone else's wife .
looked more interesting on television . i cannot recommend it or not recommend . it is free , so why not . i guess .
this product is exactly what i was expecting it to be . it was shipped and arrived very quickly after ordering .
ok , but i liked the leave in conditioning leave in spray better .
buen libro
it's alright but my sugar glider doesn't overly love it is all but perhaps with more time using the product .
i have no recollection of ever purchasing this product so i am unable to rate it one way or another .
got a
the recorded voice is not really clear , but for the price it is certainly adequate for my purposes . my purposes
thin enough for summer sleep though
good game fun to playfun fun fun to play alone or with your friends . for an hour or for days
not too helpful
pretty good , cute for a christmas story . seem to drag out a certain points in the book . first kindle book
has a small problem getting the battery to charge at first . had to reseat it several times before it would .
it's a pretty good show
steve alten has an incredible imagination . some of his story telling seems to take on a preachy tone likethisone . finis
it looks great , but unfortunately it's scratchy at the neck , shoulders , every place it touches skin .
good basic content and love the checklist but some terms not explained and could cause confusion for a true newbie .
my baby likes to pick my boogers to this book she laughs and laughs and laughs and laughs and smiles
book didn't keep my attention . it just seemed to go into unrelated details and just had a slow pace throughout
like this book by diane hoh . must read for young adults . reminds me of being young again to re read this .
it is a pillow case not pillow . my mistake for not reading the description . not made in the usa either . not happy
they didn't blow to full size , without popping . but otherwise still went with my theme . the colors were spot on !
works well , fairly strong fabric , nothing amazing but good wig cap o o
the shoe was nice . i usually wear a size , so ordered a but it was still too small .
a little greasy
did not work for scars but got rid of my recent pimples good for on the go i guess
bit shallow of a read but still entertaining . still a bit of a fun read and something light and easy .
package and assembly were great . nicely finished and great for price , suggest to improve cushion .
good book . enjoyed it was a picture of the way the war was fought . i may read the others some time
not the best book or story in my opinion . skimmed through a lot of it . just didn't keep my interest .
quality is a bit cheap , the drawers have no support and assembly was easy enough but overall a great buy .
our cats loved the indoor formula . switched to this one and they don't eat it as well . not sure why ?
the material ripped around the snaps just after few uses .
the liners were large and fit well but were a bit thin for my cats . they price was good though .
while the earpiece works fine the microphone has a mind of its own and doesn't always work . i'm really disapointed
it was what i needed and works right my son can now watch his movies will we go on trips
because it is informative about his journey through the holocaust but not the best because it is just about him .
i guess it is ok . i expected a lot better camera with more features . what else can i say anyway ?
not as quick as stated in the promise or advertised item still takes longer than expected . disappointed . i would not recomend
the song was ok .
its okay haven't recieved any complements but you could still enjoy this style . it feels cheap but its all good .
great case but alittle to bulky
too little support at the moment . can only screencast from pc and not mobile device . easy to set up though .
boring show , with not much to offer other than nice scenery and a pretty dog . we never finished watching the season .
the children in my classroom loves this set . i wish it had more characters or the ability to purchase more .
the quality of the saucer was fine . it just didn't fit my cups , so i had to send it back .
great product but not for a mac . return was handled well . bought the mac version .
i have both iphone and s . and this case is more likely fit with iphone than iphone s .
ich w uuml rde kein geld daf uuml r zahlen , aber f uuml r ein gratisbuch ist , es ganz lustig . ich habe mehrfach geschmunzelt . weihnachten kann kommen .
pretty low quality , but perfect for dorm rooms . if wanted to have this framed , don't . it's cheap for a reason .
read most of it and yes you can use your camera in your iphone to take pictures has good quality
the gauge itself is very nice and easy to read , but the mounting bracket is built kind of light .
for the money , it's okay . but , it is very difficult to read unless you are right up close to it .
i am going to have to return camera i think it is broke will not download pictures to my laptop .
it was a sad heart felt book with the perfect amount of romance . i loved this book . well written ! alena
it was not very comfortable at the beginning but it does the job well . i personally prefer ankle support socks .
doesn't have an adjustable regulator . just open valve on the tank and it's on . needs some type of regulator valve .
many jokes are old , some are new , some are far to lengthy to be considered jokes
an amazing legacy he was able to leave for his children . for the outside reader though , it was mildly inspiring .
i suppose this game could be fun . if i wasnt color blind sorry i would but my colorblindness doesnt help
you'll need to buy of this and keep practicing applying it . i gave up already .
i am still reading this book as soon aas i finish it , i will have a better opinion on it .
it was okay but i wasn't as excited to get to the next page as some of his other books .
i thoroughly enjoyed viewing disappeared . sub titles were a great help . the story held my interest from , beginning to end .
this took longer then i expected to ship but it was in the condition described . overall happy with this !
a good inexpensive stamp . a little small , and maybe more fragile than others . but it is great for the money .
a good western story . i enjoyed it . i probably will order more of this author's writings . have a good day
it's a little warped . edges curved upwards . i bent by hand , looks a little better . otherwise is ok , all keys working .
i saw this novel in an other book that it was the same story
slippery to hold . rolls off table easily . hard to screw on and off , thought was getting tendinitis from the action .
i selected the color shown in this picture but received the lighter grey . otherwise the shirt is nice and fits
good reading . good stuff . i like happy endings . i would choose this author again . looking forward to the next one .
decent knife , keeps its edge but blade does bend when uses as a tire iron . light is pretty useless . doh
it won't work on my kindle very unsatisfied it shuts off stops working and is just annoying and frustrating
nice little read , great to kill some time . although the words are small so there a little hard to read .
just realized this is actually someone reselling oriental trading co . suckers . only about . inches wide so they are small
best sound system for the price , i use it for high end cars , volvo and mercedes , will recommend for others
most terrifying thing in country was a snipper . demille holds your interest but seems amateurish in delivery . not like him .
terrific visuals . used as a starting point for students to work from . it was a great help in my classroom .
band booker signs vlad and the impalers . out of
it softens water , but the connection between the showerhead and the hose is somewhat loose , so sometimes it leaks .
a mystery in the style of agatha christie . not great but good . certainly worth the very reasonable price . try it .
more movies please . they are very old and very out dated . doesn't wanna make me wanna buy the full version .
the foremat is hard to figure out ! it just doesn't start as most other dvd's . maybe like a bad copy !
this is not a wallet case . there are no card slots . its just a flip case . very cheap feeling as well .
toasts unevenly like all toasters . brushed stainless steel finish and very mall footprint make it looks nice on the counter .
quite entertaining , though the story line was a bit thin . some of the recipes sounded ok but not first class .
i found this to be ab interesting and thgouht provoking book , although obscure at times . well worth your time .
thin like a paper towel but tougher . neat to watch them expand .
nice composition , however somewhat bland in appearance . with the addition of some more colorful stones creates a more pleasing appearance
it's too light . it looks too fakethe color is too bright . but i'm sure that other customers will buy it
more for the advanced player but still a great book to learn with .
i really liked can't go back now , but after that i wasn't all that impressed . just expected more from this .
i thought that i liked this tea better . i must have it confused with a flavor with a similar name .
it worked great for three months and then burned out after only light use .
good book , color photo's , and some good idea's . nothing real hard to make . just wish there was some fancier prodjects
not the same as the original . fits too small so had to put tape around it to make it fit .
lots of pads that will last a long time , but they are not completely lint free . will not purchase again .
i also purchased the unlock , but it will nots let me play on . i hope they fix this issue .
be warned amazon has the pictures wrong . the recreational is the longer skirt ant the touring is the shorter skirt
jumps all over in the story , was a little hard to keep interest but when it did it was fine .
i think the newer version of this book has more , better organized information . very useful though . i highly recommend it .
this was a basic feel good story , but it wasn't overly moving or held great anticipation for me
we loved this outfit but i really felt that the top was closer to a than to a six
plastic , cheap but got the job done the first time without too much of a mess . that's what she said .
overall , a fairly useful book that a novice in the area like myself was able to learn from .
the tip fell out of the red one the first time i took it of the package . expected better quality .
not very sticky , i could feel it peeling off the first time i wore it . but , okay for the price .
the white one fits fine but it sometimes come off easily . the black one is useable but it's so loose .
but the ear gets stuck at times and i have to remove the whole case to shut on and off
it was okay , the storyline was a little over the top . sction was good . i would watach this movie again
this is about what you would expect for the price . worked great for a one time wear .
one of the four mets was used and we didn't order a used one . but it was ok with us
. it works on dehydrating the skin , when it rehydrates it will go back to the way it was . i was hopefull
didn't seem to curb my appetite as much as i thought it should . don't know if i would recommend it .
not quite what i expected , but gave a decent shave .
there were some good things and some really bad events . the author should stop killing off the people we like
i enjoyed this book , but robert crais has written better . this book was quite a bit slower than la requiem .
tight around the top , hard to get on and off , quality of the material is insufficient . love the decoration
una amigable forma de ingresar y entender los principios de la fotograf iacute a digital , en un lenguaje aacute gil , sencillo y ameno
the case is great but does not fit my phone . the way it is made blocks part of my camera .
it is a nice back pack for a year old . it is not size appropriate for school age children
these cones smell great but they take forever to light if you want them to burn all the way down .
n p r radio is a g o o d app . i like it , too really do like it much .
the wife and i watched this with our teenagers who had never seen it . it is entertaining and thought provoking .
i thought this would be a great addition to the ipad and the kids really do not like playing it .
way to heavy for me . but hey , i'm a yr old , lb weakling . i returned it .
enjoyable game . great for when your bored . the reason for three stars is some levels are really hard to beat
this is a well made product with many features . the only downside i have experienced is the batter life .
shane ssh . cu . so bus v xxxxz or . everything else ever ssh c fxffddfh dbxii can only get to
this is a very good , sweet story . it just drags in places . i found myself skipping ahead and skimming some pages .
works good had a little static at some points when i was playing certain songs ! i did like it though !
not happy with difficulty in programmng . it took a long time to program and it was not user friendly
the poster was missing a hook . but i guess am satisfied . for your posters send hooks next time please
also same issuei am in canada , i was obliged to receive it on a us address then reship to canada .
not great , not bad . i will say that it kept me reading but i will not be quoting it . enjoy
it's very cute and sexy . it would look great on someone who is a b or bigger .
i felt like the author was manipulating me several times .
it was not built as strong good as the previous model old sb for film slr . other than that it works perfectly .
the product is fine , but my kid stopped playing with it after a few days . not a lot if interest
first smoothies were good . not so much after that . lost lbs but only did for days .
this was purchased as a gift for my grandsons th birthday , i no longer have access to the head set
pretty good . but it ripped easily . and had to tape it up at the ends .
this book gives lots of food for thought , but it will take lots of time to incorporate into my curriculum .
it feels good , but i didn't notice that it helped me . not sure exactly what it is supposed to do .
decent book , for a great price ! it fullfilled my need in college . too bad it couldn't take my final , hahahaha
i was hoping for it to be a little longer . i ordered a medium and it's more of a small .
cute shoe , but had to return . shoe runs about a size too small . wish they had a bigger size .
it took about three weeks to get these past scratchy . months later and they're still not soft , but they work .
i haven't played this in years . just need practice on moving pacman faster but still a fun game to play .
just not up to her usual standardsrebecca's legal thrillers are much better and hard to put down at bedtime
this game was all right . pretty fun though
it worked for exactly what i needed it for . it held onto the phone securely and protected it for me .
haven't read it yet but will at sometime in future . . . . . . . . . . .
not for having in a toom as a backup or source of music . otherways works good .
when i receive this item , the included cd was cracked . this was very upsetting .
nothing spectacular popped out for me .
not happy with this purchase . didn't give much support and quality was cheap . have not ordered anything again from them
it deffinitly doesn't hold u in . my stomach looks the same as it did without it on
compared to other powders , it is too expensive . using hershey's cocoa for right now , it does the job quite well
a very interesting take structure within this book . a book that has alot of details on spirituality .
it was interesting to read this to the kids . however , my five year old didn't really like the book much .
some of the games within it are okay its not bad just wanted a bit more of a challenge .
battery door does not stay closed . if you move it off it comes . they you have to reseat the batteries .
two came cracked , should have ordered extra for my classroom . lesson learned , unable to use in my classroom this year .
too short to hold down lines in soft soil
i tried itit was funfor a few minutesweird but fun in a weird waykids don't play it .
the book reads like jack webb talked on dragnet . finding it a little boring and hard to get through it .
a very intriguing story line that links history and fantasy . at times , situations are a bit too convenient . worth the time .
it's . ok . i would have expected there to be more crafts . five just isn't really a lot for an app .
got this book for a class for nursing school , graduated years ago and still have it for personal reference
very small no stretch
we were disappointed in the ending of the season . walt got away again and poor jesse is left to cook .
good story and i stuck with it even though it was slow in spots . fun characters but i wasn't spellbound .
these are flimsy and won't last long , a few months . but they are inexpensive so i don't mind .
this one was a little too farfetched for my liking . the romance part is worth the read , despite the weirdness .
no front pockets . annoying
this is a fun product but you can get it for the price elsewhere . this is a total ripoff !
this was a good story , but just as you're getting really into it , it's over ! i enjoyed reading it though .
this was a quick read , with interesting relationships odd , but interesting . light reading , and good way to pass an afternoon .
there is nothing wrong with this book that snipping out pages wouldn't fix . indulgent .
the shoes are nice , but they run a little small . i'd order up a size .
while they work , kind of hard so a little conditioner and they are usable , so for the price are ok .
i love them , the color , weight , feel , but careful , the dinner plates don't fit in my dishwasher
not sure they help our dancer , but she is wearing them so she can dance longer and avoid surgery .
this is not the greatest adam sandler movie but not bad either . my kids loved it . would watch it again .
nice case . but no grip . it felt to slippery . i was afraid i was gonna drop my note . so beware .
enjoyable fast read . modern vampire tale filled with humor and romance . looking toward to reading the rest of the series .
this book while entertaining was somewhat slow in parts . if you are looking for a light book this is it .
gloves fit well however one pair had a defective snap on one glove .
sizing runs very large . i ordered a size smaller than i normally wear after reading reviews and still ran big .
pretty good product , but mirror does not stay put in housing when adjusted .
muy accesible econ oacute micamente hablando y de buena calidad , f aacute cil de usar y colocar en la tableta y queda muy bien .
the bright high energy illustrations were delightful but sadly misleading on the overall quality of the book . text was disappointing .
said it was for my specific phone but it is not , i had to cut it to fit my phone
i . thought it was pretty good . i enjoyed reading it . it keep me interested for the entire time i read .
good but a little heavy
it takes way too long to earn more money . items for home are way too expensive . just an ok game .
fun like all the different challenges in the levelstry it you will be addicted too . my family loves this game .
the fit is nice though it is a bit delicate and will bend out of shape if not careful . .
the item is ok . cheap pedal . cheap sounds . don't purchase . get a mxr super badass . it's much better than this thing . not impressed .
the case arrived promptly and as described , i returned it however because it was larger than i wanted to carry .
i purchased to clean out my coffee grinder . it works fine . probably over priced , but it gets the job done .
i think i can't just wear this dress , with a coat , so it may be better , it larger than i thought
light on plot , but good erotic romance . great for a first time effort ! would like to see more from her
this is an interesting read . it helped me to understand and clarify the difference between a sociopath and a psychopath .
this has some of eartha's best songs but this is not a disc we listen to very often . it's okay .
i wanted to read more about beatrix potter . this book was interesting but a little slow .
i tried many different masks . none , including this one , stayed on for more than a day . maybe it's my horses
it is light weight my daughter likes it . however the front part and show less are not of great quality .
it was disappointing not to have pictures of the architecturel works of mr . wright along with the interview .
the screen protector is ok . it fits good and everything but it makes your screen pixel like and its annoying .
vol . is better !
good content but contains several typos and spelling mistakes . not sure how they were missed , but they are very distracting .
my dog really loved this bed . i might order some more one for my family and friends , worth the money .
i loved the top , but i didn't like the accents along the front , and leggings were a little too short .
this joseph o'connor is an irish novelist , not the nlp trainer and author of the same name .
it would have been better w o all the political opinions . i wanted a secret service story , not bill o'reilly . ugh .
thought i was getting an original acd part but it was mfr'd by gates which is a much cheaper line .
its actually not so bad , but the color of the chain doesn't match with the rest of the case . thanks
entertaining but not ground breaking . i neither liked nor dislikex this read but was left feeling empty in the end
simple c d case , perfect for all those old cds and dvds around the house . nothing out of the ordinary .
good price and semi good quality . the case seemed a bit small but i think that's how it's supposed to fit .
the game is very enjoyable but not too fast . i only wish it paid out more rewards . recommend to play .
bugs on the moon who came up with this crazy idea is why they never went back i wondin , t eather
for use on the speak on connector seemed not as good fit as the implied by connector vendor .
there's an uncomfortable spot where the fabric overlaps by the little toe .
i am sharing with my teen aged grandkids to use so they'll know the new grammar rules grandma didn't know .
awesome music , but much better in concert . cd doesn't really do them justice .
i love the shape . the quality could be better . after first use the bottom inside shows stains . very useable though .
really didn't do what i want it to . i wanted to stop my dog from barking and it did not
it didn't last too long with me , i can be real rough on equipment and it did take a beating .
our baby loves mam pacifiers . however , these do not glow in the dark ! disappointed , but we will use these anyway .
just wish the cord was longer . it works fine , gets the job done , just does it with a short cord .
it doesn't hurt my year old but it doesn't brush out her tangles either . it doesn't work for us .
would have been better if the swearing was eliminated . this is more of a story about a relationship than baseball .
this scope works well . a little short , but will suffice . had to change weaver scope mount to use . good unit
its okay
a nice collection i'm sure i'll use for many occasions . although i wish it included some merry christmas blessings too .
it fell a part a little after a month . the wristlet part became loose but it was cute until then .
does not fit as good as i would have liked . need a new blanket next year of a differant brand .
this review is for the product , not the person sending it . it's not near as comfortable as the review suggests .
it's very good ink and l like the products and every time l buythis product l never had a problem
full of bugs , incomplete game not ready for release we paid full price to be used as beta testers .
the pillows are , well , average . they say firm but weren't very firm . otherwise ok pillows at an ok price .
gave as a gift . receiver didnt wear it too much before the beads looked tarnashed turquoise still looks good though !
i will use the book for research purposes , but as a book to just read , it is okay . not bad
but none the less not bad tips and it was interesting to see boss tips that dont work
i gave them to my son in law because they were much heavier than i expected .
it is what it is . they absorb moisture from closed spaces . one bag was broken on arrival , but no worries .
the bottoms were too small .
very nice for a childs' gift . arrived timely impressed with price and quality . good gift . try for a young persons' birthday yes
i bought these for comfort but they are more for looks . i ended up giving them to my younger sister .
not bad
my lab refuses to wear them . keeps pawing them off
the only way i get this to work is by standing on it ! but the result is great
they are soft and great to clean sun glasses , but they just aren't large enough . the price is really good .
it's okay but it's not really red like describe . but its okay . good made material . just dissapointed in the color of the valance .
john cena and triple h match are the best matches in the in set it would be ok for
nice bright colourordered it for my momthe bustline was a bit smalllove the belt which actually makes the dress
i have loved other dirk pitt novels , but this one just didn't do it .
its fun but it takes for ever to load and you need more time to play some of the games
the only think that i don't like is that it is heavy cover . something more light weight would be better
this game is so cool and so fun but it has weird graphics now the hell mode is cool fun
its a good buy for the price . only problem is having to change batteries all the time .
love these toys but they just don't hold up .
good locater call .
so fragile cracked right after install .
works great for a really great price . inexpensive way to charge my nuvi in the house . well worth the price .
it's okay . this would have cost a dollar at the dollar store .
i don't like the way its kind of hard to sprayt
after reading the virgin series in order , this falls a little short . still worth reading if you enjoy the series .
i thought the rockman guitar ace was a good product , it just wasn't what i was looking for .
was very happy with my purchase the phone works very good . wish to find a larger phone , perhaps another deal .
if you ever had problems using paintshop pro , well this is your solution . this book has everything you need including troubleshooting .
i have big and long toes . every time i wear this my toes touch the ground . it is not comfortable .
bubbled easy
haven't put them to the test yet , the magnets don't seem particularly strong but , we'll see how the work out .
not enough support in the heel to wear all day . but comfy for short wearing . great for around the house
i guess i'm worse than a dummy because this workout is still hard for me , a beginner !
i was expecting bigger rolls very disappointed in the size of package for the price . won't order this one again
not quite as awesome as the previous three styx records , but a must have for the serious audiophile .
the added blade does not work too well good magneti would recommend this product to friends and family . .
one of dean jerry best , would reconmend it to all my frends a must for dean jerry films
this item was chipped upon opening right out of the box . had to return it for an exchange .
i thought the cartridges would be larger . a little disappointed with the high yield it's more like cartridges .
assembly is required for each star . and it is not fun . we were expecting them to come in one piece .
the item shipped was shorter than advertised . fortunately it was long enough .
another fine mid s p model album , not as techno as their later releases but interesting as usual .
purchased as a christmas day gift for my mother and she seemed to love it and use it quite frequently ,
not what i expected . thin material does not give visual protection desired . does an overall good job of support . .
access to information about which library books are in sync with kindle , as well as available , is quite a journey .
will make a good film . character of amy annoying . far fetched .
when it did arrive it was in good shape but didn't work for my nook wrong gen that's my fault !
not the best quality of picture on hdtv , but story is great . hopefully they will remake in new format .
haven't really used it , my son has
was expecting something completely hilarious . was really only mildly funny . i'm not sure i could recommend it to anyone else .
this wash was not what i expected for scent wise , but i still consider it a good buy for price .
how many hours does this really hold a charge ? has any one tryed this with the tap to talk app ?
quality is quite poor , but for such a low price it's fair value for money . seller is respobsice and helpful .
the material is to stiff and scratchy , no matter how much fabric softner i use . the cushioned straps are fine .
sound quality was not what i was expecting . they did not sound any better then dollar headsets
a good date movie . sanaa going toe to toe with the great one , denzel . do your thang girl !
it was what i expected . got it in time for the holidays . very nice package products . i recommend it !
i love the game but the ads freeze and you can't close them very frustrating . other wise enjoy the game
this dvd is hard to follow and i do not really feel like i get a good workout .
excellent ! a bit taller would be better .
the eyewitness views were not from the grunts in the war , but the officers and their views were biased .
not sure who payed this game ?
a little hard to use . kept slipping as i was pulling out hair . would not recommend this type of cap .
good deal but the posts were way too long .
this is the second one i buy and also this one didnt last motnhs , also the cable broke . .
good but very tough study of revelation
it's good way to replace a healthy meal when i'm in a hurry . easy and fast better than junk food !
it's an ok workout .
pretty light reading . at the price paid it was ok . could have used more character development . kind of stopped and startef .
i think it's worth spending more for the ihome it has superior sound with full bass .
the product is fine , the problem is what jesserson did to the bible . don't see the reason for doing it .
small and expensive
good book ! it kept me wondering what jax would do or say to win over ivy ! can't wait for part !
crow is a good actor , but lacking here . the movie just sorta drags on even though the plot was good .
this poster looks as pictured except it has an odd white edge on the entire poster that is not symmetrical .
i like pomegranate juice . not a juice drinker but use because it is good for me . like it like it
this watch is nice but the charms were a bit large for my taste . overall it's a good quality watch .
this book was ok . i liked the chemistry between the two detectives but the frank quinn series is much better .
i was disappointed to see that there was no water bottle in the bag , which was promised with the bag .
very dark backgrounds , difficult to see at night on the kindle fire hd tablet . could lighten the background a bit .
it's like a fancy pedometer . i wished that i would have sprung for the flex . website support is good though .
pected acceptance of glitches and snafu's you 'd never accept from an automobile without resorting to quot lemon law quot relief !
posters are cool . the poster is great however it took a long time to arrived . hopefully it was just my experience .
new from . just wondering how much the used milk would be should some come available . one must ponder these things .
kids love it , easy for them to play , graphic great they play it for hours and enjoy it would recomend
its fun but i don't think its great i play it every other day so i give it three stars
the shipment was ok , the product is ok , , but it would be great to have an option to save .
good product , though i am having a hard time getting these to record any video . was good for the price
great ideas but probably not what i had hoped i needed more instruction less grandiose .
good book for a freebie . shed a few tears at the end . all in all a decent read .
i wish dimensions were listed on the listing , as i would have bought a bigger one . very nice quality though .
this song is fun and even though it is old i still have fun with it . the lyrics are okay .
wasn't sturdy enough , phone broke when it dropped . it was cute but , that was about it . not worth the money .
i got a medium and it might as well be an xl . definitely not worth what i paid for it .
good read with first hand knowlege of the actual battle . little slow at times and confusing , but so is life .
great topic . so few books about this . but i wasn't sucked in or as compelled as i wanted to be .
it does not stand up like the picture shown in the ad but it fits nicely . the price was good .
i think there should he more worlds ? its got only two worlds that is barely with any levels . kinda dissappointing .
the sides really bother after a while , its not advisable to wear if you're going to wear it all day .
had no idea i was buying a lego figure that i can get in a mcdonalds happy meal for free
at first the game ran great . then it started lagging horribly . i tried reinstalling it to no avail . htc sensation
it is serving it's purpose . i am learning what i need to . how glowing can a school book review be ?
little bigger than i expected since i ordered a medium . nice quality though .
i love this fabric and design . love it ! just order a size or two bigger than normal . this shirt ran small !
arrived very quickly , screen is glossy and brighter than the original screen . came with dead pixel .
i like garth innis's work but this seemed nd tier to me . i like his boys series and others much more . ymmd
i've used worse and i've used better . save your money and go with the orange bottle with the higher spf .
it is what i thought i was buying works ok have not used it a lot till spring . thank you .
itwas the kind of read for fun book that i like . i would recommend it my friends that like romance
it was not that warm as described in the comments after for days . i had to buy another blanket .
worked perfect for years now the hdmi doesnt work . everything else work ok .
it's a nice soap , though the fragrance is a bit muted . i like subtle , but this is very , very subtle .
i just want to make sure these are lead free and compliant with the new cpsia laws .
i had expected some more advanced projects but it has some very good easy projects . directions are good and clear .
rubber rope hit the feet very hard . i have to wear the shoes for that . otherwise they are durable .
gotta really pay attention but the story is good . the conversation in russian has sub titles but it's not overwhelming .
the picture on tv was too speckley and it had to be powered which means more wires to hook up .
it was a hit for a gag gift but there should be more sizes other than one size fits none .
nice shoe just runs size to big . other then that i'm pleased with how the shoe fits and feels .
smells great but the scent is gone as soon as you're done spraying . don't think i would buy this again .
very enjoyable and relaxing reading . can get very caught up with the characters . would recommend this to all my friends
not a perfect fit . the door handle comes out to far , other than that everything else seems to be working fine .
for the most part i was satisified with the product , just thougt it would have a longer battery life spane .
light shoe with fairly thin cushioning . good for walking around wouldn't last long for running .
it was good then it just stopped working . wouldn't charge , wouldn't turn on . so i had to send it back .
it told you to watch a video for instructions the desk was nice but putting it together was a headache .
this book was just a rewrite of book one not as enjoyable i really was expecting a different written format
it's dope . definitely a good collaboration between the two artists . worth the money dash
i don't have much to say about red . it is more violent and less humorous . i enjoyed red much more !
i bought this because my daughter said it was great , i just don't see what it is supposed to do .
it's a good shemagh but you need to watch how it frays . it's a good product just a little fragile
i heard the song on radio and liked it very much . i ordered it and am very happy with it .
it was thicker than i expected . may be good or bad , but it doesn't fit my dock or carry pouch .
zero complaints here . could not have asked for a fab item
helpful but i need more details , for my study cases . otherwise is good . keep adding more books like this one .
it was a little big and with my brothers recent amputation the pouch would swing and hit his leg
i like the idea , interesting design , but just not for me
i got these for my daughter , she says they are just ok . she can be very picky .
these knives stick pretty easy unless it rips the bark off the tree . but nothing extraordinary about them
great idea , tough to clean . it's trickey with cheese but works great with veggies . cleans well in a dishwasher . bake well
nice , decent looking , price could be a bit less but quality looks good for now . a a a a a
good car its a classic . i was looking for this for awhile . hot wheels first editions tv series batmobile
knda cheap need more testing look good very comfortable fit not bad for under ten would buy again good product
purchased for grandchild yrs who found the entire seriesdelightful . recieved in perfect timing and the books are in excellent condition .
this game is very fun but it desperately needs updates . you can also get bored of this game easily . bye
great umbrella , but if you pull in the wrong spot to adjust it will break in half .
they are about at wal mart . fun but may not last long . keep some extras handy and extra batteries
this book has some great content but really needs the aid of a designer to make it functional .
it was ok . the skin is realistic the coloring is nice . the movement is not as good as i expected .
beautiful music
the pump is what i expected . it must be i placed in the sun .
if you like dramas this is one that is above average and james woods gives an excellent performance as well .
it was an ok read . not a very practical diet to follow but it was interesting to read .
it was ok . not my type of movie but it was ok . a bit off the wall kind of funny .
i just got it today . quick shipment , but i got an orange one ! wasn't the one in the picture blue ?
have the anolog version and thought this would receive better but does not so don't expect any better performance , end
. they put a little label on it that is not easily removable . acetone to the rescue .
this was not as good as the first book . i didn't even read the third . it could have stopped here .
it works , it is a little large for my phone , but has the same clip as my old one . thanks
i was a bit disappointed with this baldacci novel . premise was good but it was too drawn out predictable .
this product is not tight around the ipod , removes easily from the ipod , i would not buy this item again .
i was expecting something a little more like a tom's , with a flexible sole , so i am a little disappointed .
seems well writen and inclusive but i have not tried any of the ideas yet . get back to me later .
i have used other jose eber that were better . just expected more that's all . will stick to my other brand .
and they were okay , this series looks a bit predictable , maybe i should watch all of this dvd first .
disappointed in the battery life when the monitor is unplugged . other than that , it's fantastic value .
this book has good information for anyone in the workfoce , but is very short , almost like a quick tip guide .
i missed ranger , he wasn't in this book much . i liked it had a good story and kept me interested .
the pink ones turned out maroon . the lime green was a grass dark green . works fine though ! good grip easy to assemble
too many characters to follow and too far fetched , couldn't wait to get to the end , the usual expected ending .
its sturdy , it serves my purpose of putting my ehd in it , sturdy and easy to bring along . very handy
it really isn't srong or balanced enogh to hold a standar parakeet cage securely . it was easy to put together , though .
everyone has to moan just to moan . i downloaded it cause it is free . i am sure it will improve .
i usually order a large , these run larger . the material is really thin , they are perfect for lounging or exercise .
my newborn didn't like being swaddled anymore . returned . purchased sleep sack in same brand . it had optional swaddling our baby likes .
it is a fair light . pretty bright . battery time not as long as i would think from led
mr . coffee , the brew machine is slow from start to finish . other than that its fine . its compact and lightweight .
bought this to put in our church library as we have some other books in there by this same author .
the charts was missing but it was somewhat helpful . i really needed the math part so overall it was fine
what attracted me to these were the colors . unfortunately , the watch did not work . battery or something else . i sadly returned .
still a good read but a little more story and a little less action would have suited me just find
it looks like the picture , fits like a tank top . was a good price of a tank top , and came fast
the koolatron cooler only cools drinks down to degrees farenheit . not cold enough to enjoy drinks at that temperature .
it's okay it's to small . and i don't use it a lot fear of breaking it . but a good one
interesting story . needs to be told love judy , a nice change from the shotumups would recommend it to a friend
these are cheaper at target for the exact same thing
it's not what i thought it would be , but it's okay . it comes in handy with my bible study group .
very heavy duty . its ok
okay
this show it's pretty funny . when you need a lift , turn it on . the episodes are short and sweet . enjoy .
the mix has a good flavor but does not make very many bottles of soda for what it costs .
this book was missing pages . and had duplicate pages for !
too much music in background . been hunting a lot of times , but never heard music .
a little smaller than expected . phone doesn't fit good , have to cram it in .
the picture quality is quite poor and the exercises are a bit underwhelming . it's ok , but i wouldn't recommend it .
watch looks nice . however , the chronograph does not reset correctly . always stops at or and not in .
she likes more bouncy balls better , harder rubber and very chewy . these will do for now . nothing else to add to the review .
there are different options for play and different options on your turn , so it is great for the whole family .
too much sex for me but thats just my thoughts . did enjoy the story . will not buy her books again
its works . but it doesnt when you need it to . no wifi not service no emergency calling either ? ! what the heck
tool is ok for the price but not very durable . plastic chipped a little on the first day of use .
i had to send these back because they were too small for my husband and he wears a size .
it seems mainly about rhyming . the first part does a little math but i thought there would be math throughout
very cheaply made and could be a much better product if more flexible and lengthen at least another inches
was a good read but was not as deep as i was expecting it to be considering the topic
it was a nice story but took a long time and repititous writing to make it to the end . thanks .
strange categories but fun . not sure where the answers come from . could be faster . but overall a fun game .
i ordered new cards and two of the three had stuff on them . looked like dried up food . wtf ?
it was all right . he's done better . buy it if you get a good deal on a price .
not a great quality toilet paper inexpensive , but it is easy to go through quickly . i won't buy again
magnets are not very strong .
set them up is pain .
but be shure to havea stick because drawing withyour fingers is not that good . give it a tray
i don't think it is able to break the glass of the car , i think it is weak .
good for a primer on the idea of incorporation and its benefits , but by now it is somewhat aged .
it's a cute watch . my god son loves it . the only drawback is the watch band that is too loose .
it was a story where you knew where the to keep you reading story was going . nothing special about the story
but . my desktop does not have a disk drive and i could not find the drivers any where online
it's too large for me , i like the beads but i will need to restring it to fit my wrist .
love this jumpsuit with the back out . made too small . paid . to send back wish it did fit . sorryy .
it does give you the temp . as it should . it's not fancy , but it works for what i need it for .
i really didn't like the book the book that much because the heroine seemed to be a feminist .
the charger is ok , but it feels very breakable . also , it charged very slowly due to the low power output
no hdmi
i was expecting more from this product after reading the reviews but was disappointed as it wasn't extraordinary at all .
the toner for my printer canon image mf dw was ok . i did return the previous ordered compatable laser tonersebastiano franceschino
product was advertised as mah battery but seems to be just a mah battery with a mah label . buyer beware .
this game is fun . kinect control is still not very smooth or responsive to what you see on the scene .
the colors bleed through and the cards are thin , but this is line with other reviews . they satisfy our needs .
haven't had to use the warranty . will write more if i do ever use it . cost was relatively inexpensive also
i just wish it had the cd when i bought it . it would have helped so much more .
it has my lication wrong and i can't seem to correct
does have some trouble connecting to my asus notebook
costs too much
ok but lert a lot unexplained .
a tad bit slow , but for what i paid not too bad ! i think i just expected a faster focus .
need to read and apply . . to grasp this subject and biblically understand in balance . a subject of immediate need
works ok just shorter than add . build is same as any oem cord .
hey i think baby adopter is boring ! ! there is nothing to do but feed and there are no changes !
this was a pretty good book but some of the stories really didn't make any sense but it was ok
the antennae is in the cord . needs a better headset . great size for exercising , just clips on to your shirt .
a little on the small side but i am going to make it work . i think it is going work .
definitely cut small . the glitter is not put on correctly , and ended up all over me , and everywhere i went .
cranks easy seems sturdy , but the wheel doesn't turn very well when rolling , maybe if i adjust my tongue weight .
the boot fits great however the heel was loose . it's an easy fix so it's not worth returning or exchanging .
usually the pilates dvd's that i have purchased were too easy . not this one . wow , this workout is tough .
very flimsy . i wish it was more sturdy . the bags are of nice quality though .
these are not deluxe but they do the job . i really don't have any more words , just wanted to star .
i haven't worn it yet , and it already it broke , my daughter said she could fix it . so we'll see !
not as good as the collagen one but okay .
this is a good programming book it takes a little studying might be a litte easier if you know c
i'm glad i watched it but it is a little slow to keep my attention to ever watch it again
i enjoyed the book and i am looking forward to reading the next book . the characters were cute together .
okay
it's ok
seems like a good light .
got this for my wife , she says it is ok but doesn't provide as much back support as she needs .
adorable way for us to share our big news with my parents , but most ts are larger than this t !
could perform better rather slow to give oxygen readings , sensitive as to where a finger is placed in the unit .
this song is going on my bike ride mix . i listen to cool music while on my motorcycle . great addition .
this book surprise me , it was not a bad read the title threw me off . i would recommend the book .
it arrived in a timely fashion and does work with my kindle but it is very loose in the outlet
it's good quality , protective of course , but it completely masks the iphone , makes it look like a g iphone
my students enjoyed learning how the sound effects were made but the rest of the movie was fairly boring . alright .
the cable tester works ok , but don't leave the battery in it when not using it for a long time .
it appeared that no matter which line you read , the recommended glasses rx was the same . that cannot be possible .
i was surprised it came already made , it is also smaller than some of our other mini builds . its cute
great scarf , appears to be quality , just not as long as i expected . still looks warm however . would buy again
i do like the mask , howee it is unwearable . it is too big , and the color is off . thank you
this really feels good and is very warm . but it is really so narrow and tiny , you can hardly cover anything .
thank you for having this available for purchase . this product was installed with no problems . the leds are pretty bright .
but experienced golfers might need a little more . very easy read !
good item
the description here is wrong . this is not compatible with . you must get the t b for the epson .
the tablets have a coarse grainy texture that make them difficult to swallow . i probably won't buy them again either .
the overall story was good . but the cutesy humor didn't humor me at all .
it's ok
the button have some problem
its ok but the metal on the wallet is crooked . other than that it is a decent wallet . meh .
informative but not as interesting as i expected .
i like this . i got the one new puzzle a day and i really like putting them together . good good
got bogged down reading the whole thing . better to just read one or two episodes and come back to itlater .
it is exactly how i imagined it . a beautiful replica of davy jones's chest key .
great movie , even though it left out a excessive amount of scenes and dialog .
i find it awkward to use . i guess it would be useful to some people . it works .
en talla large , resulto algo peque ntilde o
i enjoyed the game but found it difficult to see on my kindle as the tiles were too small .
i just wanted a quick read . it was . i recommend this book if your looking for something to kill time .
i would like to see more full bodied women in this for a change .
i'm looking forward to making a neclace with these , they're just perfect for my needs .
it's ok , if you want an anatomy lesson and type of injuries . i may have just been expecting more
hard to keep up with does help some what and can help you with your breathing good tool for allergies
this was kind of a strange and juvenile book . it was not bad but not great . good for younger readers .
just as described . i've used it right away .
this was a free read . not too bad for a free story . it is short but give it a try !
the cat loves it . great concept . works but the cat distrys it in a month by chewing on it . bc
my year old grandson and i enjoy playing this together and are looking forward to many hours of entertainment .
love the game but it keeps freezing my kindle fire ! the graphics are dreamy and the game is very relaxing .
it can be difficult to hear even when the volume is turned all the way up .
this product kept the water cold clean tasting , but it was very noisy when you drank the water .
i like but the yellow is very bad ! it's a very low color other then that fits the phone good .
worked great for months ! until the plastic strap broke off the buckles . now i keep it in my desk .
being irish i found this a bit too arra begorra to be realistic . it was amusing and lightly entertaining though .
it's okay , much more plastic ey than i expected . still , looks good from afar . screen saver was useless , would not adhere .
very nice but much smaller than i expected . it is for a young girl and seems very fragile and tiny !
shipped fast . hooks are kinda cheap .
definitely not high end but well worth the price so far .
its ok just wish you didnt have to pay money to get anywhere in these games absolutely drives me crazy
my son is reading this between books and says its a good story .
okay the first couple days , not really feeling it any more after week of use
i would have been interested in purchasing this book for my kindle , but not at this price . ridiculous !
not that much variety , a few good recipes but alot of redundancy
hard to get into , once you do it's really good . kinda different ending , makes me want to see the movie
fast paced , and a good read . has a lot of interesting details of police work and illusionist tricks . characters are sympathetic .
not very absorbant but cute .
for what is in this product the cost is far too high . most other types of filters are very inexpensive .
worked okay probably not for our area . was fun trying it out the kids had fun using it !
these were ok , nothing to get excited about . have had better . wont buy them again . average taste , taste was pretty bland .
bright colors but sorta cheaply made . it works though ! i like the purple and leopard . very stylish , flashy and hip !
i bought this item thinking it would cut really close . i didn't and for that reason i'm disappointed . axel
this resembles way too much old new wave stalwarts talking heads but in a rather unimaginative way .
the product is only half bottle and it feels just so so . and i'm a little disappointed with the product .
it can get a bit boring but it's ok for something different . i think it could be better with work
love penelope keith in other things but this was not the greatest . funny british politics but need more character development
tables but there were several missing pieces to the stand . a little over priced for just tables .
everything inside looks like toys , i don't know if they'll help but it's good to have something better than nothing .
it is very soothing and fresh , but it does not clean as well as some other toner i used before .
an good guide to studying the bible . professionally written , very interesting and informative book . the subject matter was covered very thoroughly .
didn't expect much for this price either .
did not like it as much as firefly . don't feel a connection to the characters nor storyline . some entertainment value .
smells funny but is still adorable . got it for my special someone who now has it on their keychain
this memoir was purchased for my daughter for a project in school it arrived on time and served its purpose
the case was fine . however our camera did not fit . i do not know if i read the measurements wrong .
lacks some basic detail i need . could not complete the tests in the early chapters . needed more dos coding help .
they need to be altered before i can wear them and the color is very bright . i will give them away .
it did not grab my attention , but it was something enjoyable to read while waiting for my daughter at dance .
i was hoping for a more bolder imprint to be on the stamping . it's still a good product to use .
i have not try it cause it like lime powder . the transport is very fast and quite a big bottle .
on a few exceptions , it is a typical woody allen movie . boring . hannah and her sisters is a more interesting movie !
. considered , concise , and a conflagration of art , exceeding its grasp . a lovely light of feelings love , loyalty , friendship , loss , longing , satisfaction
wick is hard to light after initial lighting . it does smell nice but i wish it was a stronger scent .
i thought the pens would be pen length and yet they appear shorter than the little pictures that were shown
i enjoyed reading the the book but it ended like their maybe a follow up to this one . is their ? maybe .
it was a little boring . i could not get into the story , skipped around and then finally read the end .
love the product , but this is a horrible price .
it seems to be not as high quality that i thought it would be , and doesn't work for light breezes .
this looks like a good idea . but i find i do not use it very often because of it's size .
keeps that soul in your playing as only rev . gary can do with his earthy ways of going a statement !
looks less great in the flesh like so many things .
enjoyed the politics of the families . had some difficulty following the characters as the are called so many different names .
the book does not grab you to want to read it all the way to the end in one sitting .
