i would buy it again and it wears well . i bought it in two colors and have enjoyed them both .
perfect cast with compelling script ! not your typical law drama . its like watching person of interest tackle the legal system .
it was enjoyable for a quick read on the beach or laying at the pool with a nice cold drink .
i like sparks as an author . she is creative and has great plots . i recomend all of her paranormal books .
husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .
interesting quaracters , very hot scenes . i enjoyed the book . will become part of my permanent library .
this was for my husband , he wears this band every day . it is extremely durable and looks great .
fun soccer socks in a lovely blue . my daughter was excited to wear them to practice . thank you very much .
its overall so adorable , great color and character . got my money's worth ! my niece loves it and always has it !
great product ! horrible install procedure . it'll work . it will feel like it is not going to work but then it does .
exactly as advertised !
this is the best work of teen fiction i've ever read . period .
love the pan . actually made a meatloaf and had six individual servings . turned out great and so easy to clean !
it is a very good machine easy too start and use this is my second one i am well pleased
i love playing greed for glory because i can't play clash of clans on my advice i love this game
so far i love it . have to still break them in .
great book for anyone wanting to learn about the physical structure of the piano . excellent supplemental read for piano technicians .
this a really great book and i definatly recomend you read it ! very informitive !
was a great mystery from the very beginningwas difficult to figure out the who andthe why . kept you turning pages .
the book was interesting and fascinating and a good fairy tale . i say quot the best book by ronald dahl quot
good product would recommend it to friends . it goes on smoothly lasts all day still looks good .
great song !
really liked it !
it is a little lighter than i expected but the quality is good . packaged well and easy to put together .
delightful story , excellent acting , wonderful photography , good character development , it was a joy to watch , sorry it stopped after four seasons
sounds like they have matured musically . i like the old stuff but also like this . worth the wait !
great game no flaws in app . fun to play you have different options for dealing . give a go and enjoy
this is the type of soap you want to buy . it smells great , natural , and leaves you feeling very clean .
everyone that smokes brisket's , porkham's , etc . will pick up meat and shread in pieces . this is a must , work's perfect . big don d
my dog loves this . very durable . it lasted a very long time before he finally tore a hole in it .
i found this series very enjoyable . dragged me into the action , i could not wait to see what happened next .
one of the most underrated albums in country rock , hands down . lucinda williams is a stone cold killer of a lyricist composer performer .
love these slim fitting jeans . they fit well and are a perfect length . the jacquard print gives them a rich texture .
excellent quality for the money . replaced firm innerspring mattress . sleeping soooo much better . works fine on top of box springs .
gift for husband . very informative with plenty of illustrations . very colorful . very organized . a great resource for dinosaur enthusiasts . wonderful .
so awesomeand it is so action packedi will remeber this book foreveri will will tell this book to my children
i work late most nights until or o'clock and the stun gun w flashlight makes me feel much safer
please get this back in stock !
enjoyed my travel through time , learning an d building relationships !
this book , while not of highly exciting subject material , is rather entertaining to say the least .
this is our nd one . great product !
topps cards , what's not to like ? if you do not like baseball cards , then there is something wrong with you .
great !
works as advertised , just plug and play . a perfect accessory for my ht system
fits great . looks good . installs in seconds .
fits and protects my ukelele ! what else could you ask from from a gig bag ? ! good value for the money .
grand daughter loved it !
i bought this for my year old and it's very cute . she likes how it looks on her phone .
works great easy to install
full of wisdom , enchanting to read the dolphin letters , can't wait till more letters will be published ? !
love it . perfect for finishing the edges on the wood floor i am refinishing . different options for sandpaper is a plus .
the best low cal hot chocolate out there . put some in greek yogurt too for a treat . expensive but really delicious .
i bought it for my daught for many times , and she loves it very much . and i will buy it again .
only mm and holds discs , and with artwork visible from outside and inside . well made ao should be durable .
hi ! . i''m from venezuela . the helmet is amazing for the mountain bike ! . i recommend to you .
perfect ! arrived nicely in a wrapped box .
got this for my daughter for christmas she's going to love itprice was greatlooks greatthanks so much
i havent gotten the phone yet but i love the case . i'm sure it will keep the phone very protected .
this is the story about how my grandfather ralph partridge rescued grady ! good job !
as long as mike ezuruoye and monalisa chinda features in any movies , i buy , they are too talented .
this was extremely well done . the central character was well drawn and believable . great book from start to finish . z
this earrings are very nice , but i cannot believe that it is swarovski . but i give it a .
very sturdy and very attractive . i have two one in honey and one in royal purple . love them .
i use this when conjuring up demons . so far it's held up remarkably well . good size . skull skull skullskullskullskull skullskullskull .
i have a mac and a pc and loaded the hoyle casino on both and both work perfectly ! thanks !
this is a pretty good text book , explains things pretty well , a bit outdated , but this happens with text books .
help make my cleaner work like new
awesome cozy shoe . more words required more words required . more words required more words required . one
i love this app , i am new to guitar playing it has a lot of chords and very well organized
i received this dvd is reasonable time , and it was a great addition ot my marx brothers dvd collection .
amazing account by an amazing woman . hard to imaging living like that for years ! i highly recommend this book .
this product arrived quickly and works very well . the price is competitive . the color makes it easy to be located .
my wife read this book and really liked it . since we recently moved to alabama , it had some good meaning .
exactly what it says . feet long and not even broken or anything . woooooooow ! it is well worth the price !
sturdy ! heavy metal frame with all the mounting parts well made and a great price for my tv
it is fun but sometimes harder . i would not get it for like and under . but it is freeereeeeeee
this is the best purchase i've made all winter . it heats up fast and keeps out the cold winter chill .
i can not get enough of ed sheeran . i would highly , highly , recommend any and all of his songs
excellent product . it's worth the money . i bought it for a present and my sister is very happy with it
really good reading . good characters and story lines .
excellent book , clear easy to read . to the point . easy recipes to stay on track !
it's quiet and wonderful when it comes to air circulation .
they fit my bose headphones , they don't come off , they fit comfortably . they do what they are supposed to do .
this old marine vietnam vet loved it . don't let anyone tell you this isn't entertaining . thanks . god bless you all !
awesome
great movie . very funny . loved the story and the message behind it . would highly recommend this movie for all ages .
clark's shoes are quality and comfort with style . no breaking in is ever needed . this is a very good buy .
all parts included and takes about minutes to install ! fits crafstman , husquvarna and poulan pro inch decks . probably more brands too .
fun and easy . i wish it came with more rock crystal thingies though . very fungonna suggest it to my friends .
this was a perfect match . thanks so much . for being an older light fixture it is perfectmatchglad i found you
cheap quality , but very inexpensive does the job
it's funny how a modern mindset causes one to automatically see sexuality where it ultimately is not .
my month old nephew enjoyed the box more at christmas than the toy , but hopefully he will enjoy it .
it does what it is suppose to do and does it well . would purchase again in the future . no complaints .
there have been many country singers over the years many who are now considered country legends this is concerts
you may think you know the answer , then there is an unexpected twist . enjoyable read .
very good flavoring ! lots of cinnamon . when brewing this tea it fills the house full of a cinnamon smell ! yummy !
spins a turkey . spins a cup of coffee . spins leftover salmon . spins your dad's old s . what's not to love ?
it works as described , very good looking sign for the money , solar works well , it's easy to see at night .
good book if you like dogs . book was in great condition . good author , suspensful story . price was also very good .
perfect blend of polyester and cotton . soft yet sturdy . nice color . just as describe online and not too thick . thx !
wonderful
wonderful poirot mystery perfect for a holiday read . this one did not disappoint and kept my attention . a definite winner .
this a great movie , i recommend this to you . it is not for your grandma or children .
a
the first chapter i knew i had something that worked . full of ready to use ideas and advise .
love this show ! the first episode of season is boooooorrrrrring but get through that and you will love it .
comfy and warm just as pictured good coloring perfect size for snuggling on the couch would purchase again and again
i really like this book since it is very helpful . burkhart gives us an insight to the world of glamour .
so comfortable and cute . it's function meets style . i always get compliments . true to size .
just as advertised . looks great in my sports bar . from a distance you can not tell that it is plastic .
absolutely love the cuisinart coffee makers . easy to useand clean . just an over all great producteveryone should have one
like well written stories . kept my interest . enjoy stories of the highlands . would recommend to friends . yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah ! .
it was perfect ! it was fast ! and it fit great ! and it was exactly what i ordered ! i thank you !
this is a great gift for my daughter and is a good price . i have it tucked away for christmas .
wish all books were interactive , it's nice to be able to read and watch the scene . great book , thank you !
loved it . it was just like picture and description . charms fit the locket and were a great size for it .
once you start you won't be able to put it down ! another great one by cassandra clare ! a a a
is the best choice for shopping , or an excellent gift for any loved one will not disappoint anyone . i love
i ordered these for my husband for his birthday , my grandchildren all signed them for grandpa , he loved getting them .
it's the best mascara ever . goes on easy and thickens my lashes and stays on and very easy to remove .
bought one for myself , liked it so much i had to buy one for my dad for christmas . works great !
very cute
looks great and it has held up perfectly to my three children playing with it and dropping it . love it !
delivered as promised
i love this movie . love watching it with the kids this is a great family movie . i highly recommend it !
great product easy to digest without causing constipation . delivery was timely .
good quality , easy to use and great price , i have used several sets and no complaints with quality or color
this is the best deodorant i ever try all the the kinds smell good man and i will buy again
this is a more cost effective solution to a display port to dvi port , as it includes the cable itself .
it works with my android well . no problems . don't know how or if it works with any blackberry device . deal .
i use this product in machine embroidery and love how it works with my singer machine . i would recommend it .
it performance was excellent when cooking meals . i would recommend your product to my friends and family . i will buy again .
these seat covers are allot prettier then the picture . just recieved mine today and i am very pleased .
the item was shipped and arrived quick and was what i expected . i think it will come in handy .
very informative perfect for the elementary school library .
great sound . really small . i suggest you should replace the earbuds , comply t is better . but , the wire is weak .
the louise penny , inspector gamache series are absolutely wonderful . i loved the audio presentation . i have ordered the entire series .
it is a very moving picture i really . enjoyed watching it . i love watching all his movies and plays .
a great readcan't wait to read the next few chapters from this book . then author is wonderful as well
setan and ronda's testimonies are truly touching evidence of living god . it's privileged to serve transform asia for next months .
it is not upsetting my stomach like other pills ! my hair and nails are growing strong thanks to this product !
works great i made quick work of the marking and cutting of the tiles compared to the old way of
sensitive , articulate , beautifully written and very heartrending .
love it a medium green color . will be wearing it to my daughter's wedding in las vegas in august
best belt that i have ever owned , well worth it
it was very entertaining and i would recommend it for young adults also it kept me wondering what would happen
keeps my daughters curly , fine hair soft and tangle free . great product , and it's natural , botanically based .
this item is perfect no only the contents but the status and shipping time .
really cute book . it wasn't exactly what i was wanting but it made a nice gift for a good friend
i really love the mythical book it is the best everit makes me understand greek mythological culture more clearly
love these flip flops ! fit perfectly . i wear them all the time . perfect for casual and work . durable and fashionable
selena is the best female singer in the world no one can compare to her
kept my interest from the first page to the last ! this was a kindle e book purchase and delivery was immediate .
great hoodie , soft and comfortable . the fleese lining is great as are the colors of this jacket . thank you
love the book . can not wait for the next book to come out . these books keep you on your toes
our puppy loved these ! wishing he didn't chew them as fast as he did but glad he enjoyed them .
i like it very much because it's easy to use , it works , it's gentle on my hair , and it's fast .
great price you offer for this product saved money thru you hope to shop more often through you web sight
i loved the book i enjoyed it a lot it was very impressive once again i loved the amazing book
i have tried several blackberry screen protectors and skins and these by far have worked out the best !
size is correct and it is much more comfortable than the bra with a band .
love it
hoping when i read it that it covers all bases . from skimming through the book it seems to be comprehensive .
great , just great . it was exactly what i wanted , exactly how i wanted it .
i enjoyed all of christina dood books in this series i hope there will be another one about the grandchild .
although this book was sold as used , it came to us brand new . we were pleasantly surprised .
video is great , remastered vfx are great
fast and excellent service , package wasn't damaged like some packages sent by others . would highly recommend them to others customers .
great tool , made my life easier on those hard to reach places . great to use for on wall installed tvs .
i just really love this series ! i am looking forward to seeing more of these books come out in stores
i got it for my wife , sheis very happy with it . it separates the fat easily bah bah bah bah bah
these books keep you looking for the next one , now reading the th confession with the , etc waiting .
lyon's bride the chattan cursecathy maxwellnice , i like theses series of the chattan cursewell written . thanks
size too small , other then that , i like the boots very much . just get one size bigger
very convenient good value the option of also charging a spare battery at the same time is nice .
nickle plated was great . i couldn r put it down . i hope to read more of nickle s advertures in the future .
very good app . im so happy to be able to track my work .
good price . zipper closenice size fits in most caseskeeps your cards in one spotlight weighti would recommend
i enjoyed this book because it is an easy read . i enjoy reading inspirational stories and this one was great !
it was ok
great looking watch . can't beat the price . looks just as good and expensive as my rolex , omega and breitling watches
very nice grill , quality throughout , even heat and easily hits degrees even when degrees outside . not to heavy to be portable
very well design , great quality and beautiful color , fits great with tablets and , highly commended for heavy use ,
those one inch stickers are idea yd . targets for . shooting . they keep you in shape for shooting eggs .
this electric scooter came just as described , with very little assembly . appears to be good quality . my daughter loves it !
i really love corey taylor's voice . this song is amazing ! rick nielsen kills it on the guitar ! a must buy
this book is so hilarious and full of laughter ! it is just like the normal phineas and ferb . so cool !
incredible insight into the world of afghanistan for both men and women from diversified points of view . brilliant and engaging !
beautifully drawn . sweet characters .
a unique and fascinating story . very absorbing with lots of twists and turns and great characters .
the wife loves it . thanks !
great app .
works great on ticks and fleas
greek mythology is always a plus and this depicts the age with a vivid imagination . this author never disappoints . excellent
it's really easy to use and it really works . i will even buy some to gift to my friends .
now this is when movies were movies nothing like today . get a copy and share with a friend .
great lamp . fits into small areas . has light settings . attractive . i bought of them for the living room .
this book was a required text for a course i was taking and was in excellent condition when it arrived .
fits perfect and doesn't look like you have something on the screen
if you want to look fashion and nice this wallet is right for u , soft leather , nice from inside
looks great in my son's room and has adequate space for all of his books and school things . thank you .
my daughter loves it because she gets her only mail . she enjoys the different thinks in side to do . fun
addresses and ties all sorts of auto immune diseases together and how combinations of diseases can impact symptoms and treatments
the shirt looks great . it's exactly as described . it's sized just right and made very well ! my husband loves it .
great deal !
i like that it has a little pocket inside the bag for keys , cards , or whatever .
this story is timeless . could have been a greek tragedy . the image of ms backhand , waiting . moves me . excellent work !
my daughter enjoined the book . it was challenging , but with a little help she was able to read it all .
this song is for my children . it's the love song for a child every mother wishes she would have written .
great writing and acting . can't wait for more episodes to see what happens next . love the quick wit and humor .
best pre shave for electric i've found yet no overwhelming perfume smell , really makes the skin dry for good shave
a great platformer for killing time . loads of funhave a blast with it . you'll play it again and again
the product is great and will do what i expedited ! you can mount these lights anywhere and there water proof !
how could you go wrong with anything by adele ? this cd is absolutely fabulous . love it . play it all the time .
always enjoy shania
they are very comfy , very cute and have gotten many compliments so far . would highly recommend to anyone .
this book is excellent ! great stories and details about disneyland . a must have for any disney enthusiast !
this hygrometer is easy to use and very simple , compact and comfortable . cheap and practical . recomended .
great bible i was very pleased with my purchase and im sure you will be too feels great looks amazing
this game starts easy and progressively gets harder which keeps you interested . would recommend trying it out . lots of fun .
what i was looking for . not bad is nice i like the feel and the length of it . ll l
it looks so awesome u should get it i cant get it bcuz the price . but . i totally recomend . u getting . it
another grand slam for lee child's jack reacher as he finally arrives in virginia to meet the voice
i gave this to my girlfriend for her birthday and she absolutely loved it . great quality and it is cute .
touching and heartbreaking at the same time . it's a book you won't forget . a must read for everyone . well written
c est un tres bon transfert de fait pour ce blu ray et a moindre prix
i have seen a book like this one but it's not this one . i like it because it is funny .
fast , would use again . my son loved the book . description was accurate . i am very please with the product . thanks
i love the length and my container to keep up with themquick and easy purchase , will return again , thanks
its perfect and excellente price , factory unlock and sealed condition ! it is great and a good choice to every people
nice lotion , adsorbs quickly , nice smell .
great piece of artwork my daughter now has it framed in her room .
grandson loved it , all smiles for sure .
funky doll . my daughter loved it
works great . easy to install . so far it is holding up well . i soul buy another product again . good sale .
nice value i can't believe how well priced it is ready for the gurkha warrior in all of us lol .
it works great ! nice to have the accurate time without having to set it .
j . j . heller has such a pretty voice , and her music glorifies the lord with sincerity .
if you consider after a whole to go back to the beginning of your jazz studying . good book as well . !
very satisfied . i
if these were any better they would be illegal to own !
daughter had her birthday party around this movie ! loves it ! read all the books ! can't wait for the next sequel !
i use this song in my zumba class and my students love it ! it is fun and full of energy .
i appreciate the quality of the acting and the writing of period pieces produced for pbs whether us or uk .
they were fine . i did not use them heavily , but for quick uses they are fine . worked out good thanks
very cute story , my yr old grandson loved it and the illustrations are beautiful
its luke kelly at his best ! what else do you need to know . one two three four five six seven .
great acting and story lines characters real genuine watch it always even repeats . love costumes and early buggies , etc please keep this show coming thank you
great gift for our snoopy collector ! would like to get all of these for her .
challenging yet you are still able to solve the puzzle . it makes you think . a good brain exercise .
the best household purchase ever . pays for itself in months . great tech support and easy installation . cool looking too .
my wife loves this pendant and it has held up for a year now so i would strongly recommend this .
material is very thin and lightweight , this hoodie is not going to keep you warm . i really like this hoodie .
i like the 'form and function' aspect of the petfusion cat scratcher lounge . it's stylish and moka loves using it .
these panties are very comfy .
great !
there really are some great ideas for escaping the rat race . i think everyone can learn something from this book .
so quick and easy to place on the wall . we made a road on our yo son's room . perfect
best gun im new to paintball did some cousins paintball tournament and its great but had to upgrade some things
fit perfectly , as promisedweather tech custom fit front floor liners fit perfectly as expected , and exactly the way they promised .
i think that it is cool and it should be helpful for tattoo artists that are looking for more ideas .
really off to a good start for a first series novel . great plot looking forward to the next one .
love this
love terri allard this cd includes most of my favorite songs . order arrived quickly and in good shape . thanks
my favorite author is nicholas sparks . he does an amazing job . this book was well written and easy to read .
this is a great watch and delivery was very quick .
i love it . now i have the trilogy and read the all . what a great story . would recommend to anyone . .
this was my favorite comedy from mike epps and the who were performing , it realy had me cracking up lol
perfume and cologne is way overpriced as it is , but this is the best price i found on the net .
items were just as described ! well packaged prompt delivery ! keep up the great work and thank you !
i think that the product is very good for being in a can . we are used to a jar . but . thank you .
this is a great item for the money . i bought it as a birthday gift and it was a hit .
delicious ! i love the spicyness
i got this so my kids could play it on my kindle , but i wont share ! super fun and addictive !
came just as i expected used the tweezer method and it stuck on just fine hopefully it stays that way
i have not tried the recipes yet but look forward to trying some of them .
the calendar arrived promptly and in the condition as described in the advertisement . i am very pleased .
pros shipped immediately ! bought this as a birthday present and i was not disappointed great quality slim packaging , convenientcons none !
it fit perfectly in my dog's kennel . i am very happy i found a replacement . the product has great construction .
this was a really good game , good story line , good job big fish , please bring us another good game soon !
delivery was right to the front door . quality perfect . great for making blueberry jam , not too sweet like regular sugar .
i use it every day in my daily long commute to work . it is easy to use and very reliable .
everyone at the party enjoyed this napkin set . worked well with my theme . wish they were not so expensive . thanks
good quality fashionable bracelet looks just as described i wear it all the time and get compliments great price also
i love workaholics ! i love karl ! so i bought this shirt and it's perfect ! i wear it all the time !
easy to read , easy to comprehend . the book itself feels good as well . i would recommend this book to anyone
they are easy to put on and easy to use . work well for my year old mother in law .
this is a great product what a good find . exactly what i wanted at a very very low cost .
it snapped right on my wifes phone , it is secure and aligns perfectly for all the ports , camera and buttons
this is an amazing story about a very talented and egocentric woman . the author and photographer did a great job .
the cast should pull you in and if that doesn't then somethings wrong . this is a whacked comedy nuff said .
awesome product ! battery lasts a long time and the silent alarm is awesome ! great for goal keeping ! a definite buy
i am happy with this file except to get in the ones on the back are upside down .
this toy is very cute and cuddly ! he is the perfect size ! very durable and fun to play with !
grandson loves it .
love it
this is perfect for what i need , and it wasn't expensive . i so glad i bought two !
the converter was an exact replacment part and all plugs and screw holes lined up and worked . doing its job .
fantastic ! typical baldacci writing and you don't want to put it down until you finish reading it .
i really like this bag , the strap is very sturdy and it has lots of pockets and compartments for storage .
make the series amazon i need this in my life forever and as long as you keep writing awesome stuff .
this product was a gift . arrived on time and in mint condition . great job ! thanks
great songwriting with a refreshing twist . tight harmony and exciting instrumentals . this song will live on as a bluegrass favorite .
all i have to say is when i started reading it i didn't put it down until it was finished
a generic calculator whenever i need it . easy to use . got it for my kindle . works . like a calclator should . boom
this is the best iphones case ever . very comfortable to use and the color is looking great . great job
light and easy . male character very funny , loved him immediately . would recommend
easy and efficient management of calendar and task list , awesome notes functionality , along with contacts ! a complete and polished organiser .
simply put , louie is the best comedy on tv . season is groundbreaking , and sets the bar for modern sit coms .
very happy with the product . sound quality extraordinary . buy it .
great stories about a diverse but close family their dreams and loves enjoying the characters lives beautifully written thank you
simply one of the best shoes my family have owned , and we have many styles of keens that all rock .
sturdy and dependable . it worked great to push around my injured mother . maneuvers well both inside the house and outside .
my daughter was so excited and thrilled with the castle . big hit ! easy to put together and she loves it
i would definitely buy another case if i had this phone still . the green is amazingly beautiful and very sturdy .
this paper was purchased as a gift . i am sure it will be enjoyed by the person who uses it .
these books are a classic . definitely worth buying new . this review needed to have eleven more words to be valid .
can't wait for the next book in this series she always keep you hanging and has a surprise finish
does exactly what it says on the tin measures both ph of the coolant and the anti freeze protection .
this is a pretty good jacket . warm , functional . really good for the price , but workmanship keeps it from a .
heard about this from podcaster daniel brewer , so decided to give it a try . glad that i did . totally engrossing .
highly reccomended for any and all interested in what's really going on with this war on terror .
i bought these years ago and they look like new . keeps door from swinging shut and looks very high end .
we know pussens are intelligent this shows they are artistic also ! it's truly interesting !
excellent movie and it was more than what i expected . i would recommend it to others who like action movies .
bought this for my teenaged son , he loved it !
i love the cables . cheaper here than anywhere else . they are great for the price and great for my needs .
the excerpts are delicious and i look forward to reading this book !
my daughter love the cover i think is great and it made my daughter christmas great thanks alot merry christmas
we haven't used this for traveling yet , but love the way the pieces stay in place . pleased with our purchase .
room for all my tools and equipment . looks to be very well built . handy with the shoulder strap that's adjustable .
this sucker is strong . it did what it should and a good price point what more could you ask for .
c'est un tr egrave s bon classique agrave lire et agrave relire . c'est gratuit alors profitons en pour revisiter nos classiques sur ebook .
sheets are really comfortable and soft . and the deep pocket is perfect . will order more in different colors . . .
this is a hardcore , gritty real look at sci fi . the ultimate anti hero smashing a bloody path across space .
wonderful book , there isn't anything bad i can say about it , would recommend it to anyone !
the press is very durable . it has a nice heft to it and likely to last many many years .
xmass for my mom the cat lover was great when she say this ! nice , well made , looks good . thank you !
the liquid is much better than the pills i've been prescribed . plus , it's pleasant tasting . i'll be ordering again . thanks !
old three blades were not sharp , put sharping heads on old three blades and keep old three blades sharp well
delivered quickly and a bargain . it is in the car and prove useful .
i love this robot shirt for my daughter ! it is very cute and the cotton was very comfy and soft .
great read ! only the second book by dorthea benton frank that i have read . i'm hooked ! isle of palms next .
the plot ? where ? tara reid nude ? worth every penny ! i recommend for that scene alone !
love ittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt so funny . everyone should have a vine . seriously i have to type more ? self explanatory really . ughhh vine
great product at a great price ! i've been using this post shave lotion for years . definitely the right product for me .
easy to use . lots of fun . just like the computer version but easier since you can use the touch screen .
i love these games . swwet tooth is hard but fun . like jewles , but differant , you can go diagnal , fun
i use this product in my wet hair prior to moisturizing and i find it wonderful . highly recommend this product
toner cartridge delivers as expected , remanufacturered hp product . installed flawlessly , printing again at a good price .
it came before it was supposed too . i would definitely , extremely , recommend this product . it is a super awesome show .
sale was fast and good ! would but from again ! case was what i wanted ! looking good for me now ! yea !
great movie cuba is hilarious and those dogs . i could watch over and over everyday . lots of laughs from me
i love this book and have bought several for gifts also .
problem with first order quickly corrected and replacement sent timely . ten more words are required to complete this post now
awesome cd from start to finish . would def recommend to anyone who wants some upbeat christian music . a must buy !
excellent . the remote better than apple tv . very easy to install like google chrome and quicker response using remote ,
this is how fuji should have made it from the beginning . love this kit . this is the kit to purchase .
this is a fun book not a learning book . super cute and fun to read . tongue twister reading is fun
really like this stuff .
this is a must see . a very moveing film . it touches all of the right feelings . not a film for left wingers .
this beer making kit was very user friendly . everything you could need is included . it was definitely worth every penny .
we bought this for our yr old for an alarm . it hasgreat sound and easy to program .
i can't wait to watch the next episode , and the next , and the next . i have found my new binge show !
i like it very much . it's so cool and fantastic . the white color is more beautiful i think . ha ha
reliable and still hasn't broken and it's been a few years since i bought it . would buy again from them .
beautifully written borders on literature , and doesn't feel like you're reading scholarly text . encore , dr . deneen !
prompt shipment , good price . strong material , well constructed . velcro on entire flap ! holds two rd tcm double stack magazines . great value
best backpack ive ever owned . well designed and solid construction . larger than most backpacks but carries everything i need comfortably .
my daughter loves these and they don't irritate her ears
product is as mentioned . my son loves the product . blue color looks great . the arm rest hugs the violin cleanly
a fantastic album from years gone by ! so glad to have found this after looking for so many years !
my two cats seem to love it . easy to construct and sturdy enough for my lb norwegian forrest cat
this is a great personal heater . warms the room quickly . features like the timer , thermostat , and oscillation are really useful .
i gave to my nd oldest sister for christmas and she love it . she wear it when she want to .
got it for my niece . it's pink , but still a good quality hammer .
the book was spell bounding . the characters took on images of individuals one could relate to .
i found it thorough and compelling . it covered the history , the present , the sites to see and the things to experience
this sticker looks great on the car and it is the perfect size . we are very satisfied with the purchase .
i looooooved this book ! the whole world of new species is great ! i cannot wait to red the other stories !
great feel . soft and full of room . here are more words as required for this review , sorry for the fill .
great with my nook tablet . can play music onlong trips . very easy to use . would recommend itfor extra memory
it runs smaller than i thought a mon should , but it's fine .
it is so beautiful . our grand daughter will soon be born into a world of beautiful clothes . we loved it !
very helpful .
this group is hands down one of the most unique aruond . funky electronic beats and dope sounds through each track .
this book is so much fun to read . it has such a wonderful rhythm and the artwork is gorgeous .
disney is in a special class . she sets up credible people and places and shows their interaction to startling effect .
everybody needs a little inspiration daily
this is very sturdy and works great for holding my yeti mic , yeti pop filter and my ipod mounting bracket .
this lamp looks great on our patio table and puts off a nice amount of light for relaxed evenings outdoors .
very nice quality , light weight and warmth for the price that i paid . looks nice in a young boys room .
kaufman fabrics are a high quality fabric manufacturer . the kona cottons by kaufman are one of basics for the quilter .
my grandson loved it . now he has of the ninja turtles . well made , great accessories for play fights
worked well in my cream cheese frosting . love the organic factor !
second coolest song from dwts and had to get it for my mp player . love this song it is addictive !
we are so caught up with life . god help us to see people thru your eyes . thanks for your words .
the helimax was good however i lost it on the st flight , wind caught and i could not bring back
this series is really good . easy reading on a saturday afternoon and it is sure to keep you laughing also .
great eyeliner , my favorite .
it is very well
classic great read it transforms you to china in olden times and you live with a family during its trials and tribulations
i bought this for my husband to put his cc's in . he really likes it . i would recommend the buy .
i bought this book because my students love mo willems ! they were surprised by the ending and laughed out loud .
the book had been read many times , but it was still in great shape , just a little worn out looking .
honestly the product works perfectly and was vary easy to program . thank you
i really like it , it works perfect on me , make my skin look amazing . i recommend it to everyone
very good cd classic van zant skynard not quite as forceful as their other cd's
my daughter love it her skin is getting clear . this is a product i would recommend to others very pleased
i installed this on a bit vista laptop . it worked very well . i did not have any issues at all .
this would be a star if it had a kick stand to watch movies
it is a new balance shoe . looks good , feels good , does what it's supposed to do . shoe is good shoe
as usual the head first series rocks ! . the book is a must read .
it's been months that i brought and no complains ! its bright even in the dark room and looks beautiful .
excellent book which all parents should read , even those with young children . it can help with any level of parenting .
bought the roomba for my daughter for christmas , she loves it , like having a maid !
this acer netbook is extremely portable , has a decent battery life and does everything my laptop does .
great book !
john unitas was the best qb of all time . he had an interesting life along with the football
if you are a jewels junkie , this game provides additional dimensions that are challenging and defray the possibility of boredom .
best app ever ! it is the best you could wish for it is really loud and it has a nice toung !
nicholas reminds me a little of brian culbertson with a twist . the more i play it the better it sounds . d . g .
great for children to teach them compassion and understanding of animals . be kind to animals . illustrations are real life .
very nice !
i have used a lot of these patterns from this booklet . love them all . made many christmas cards from it .
i thoroughly enjoyed the first book in the frontiers saga . kept me glued to the pages from beginning to end .
as usual , janet evanovich did not disappoint with her latest lizzy and diesel novel wicked business . couldn't put it down !
i love this game . it is really cute , and really challenging at times . very accurate with the laws of physics .
great beginner set .
good deal at a great price fast service
after you use this product , you will never reach for ordinary salt again . this is the bordeaux of salt .
useful for my iphone that run out of battery way too fast
good game challenging .
excelent
this is our first zac brown and am thouroghly enjoying . this is the best . we love every song on this cd .
who doesn't love a good movie . great price too ! a must see . add it to your collection today ! x x
great product , easy to assemble , good looking , easy to use and great customer service , i will recommend to others . blair p
this is a simple two in one eraser and sharpener , in a plastic transparent thick and short container . sharpens well .
susan mallery is one of my favorite authors once again she didn't disappoint me .
i only buy jockey t's . they fit me right and don't draw up and last a long time . good value .
arrived on time , love it . great gold case for my macbook , all ports are easy to use . stars !
the book show and teaches you from the beginning about the process of using the machine and making great pieces .
great little cookbook ! hard to find . love it ! trying to find two more copies for friends who want to borrow mine !
i saw review in rolling stones mag and took a chance . greatcopyright . worth the read . take a chance
track list . heart strings . lucid moments . sanctuary . inspiration . tranquility . zen garden
nice little braclet the makes a good compliment to the necklace and earrings . great to wear with black outfits . inexpensive .
i keep listening to the song over and over . i just love her voice . i love the lyrics . beautiful song
love the endless variable power !
bought this for my nephew for his birthday . he's a big pikachu fan ! the game has produced hours of enjoyment already !
a great gryffindor tie for a halloween costume . excellent condition and delivery time . affordable and good quality .
to hard to get gloo tokens and things take to long to get ready and other than that it's good
the buy was very good , the product late with some good quality and nice model thanks for the good sale
daughter loves this she has also been so awsome as to share it with her little brother now very soft
love the color and definitely i recommend the shoes they are easy to put on and the material is soft
if you want scifi this show wll have you hooked . no , vampire's no demons , no ghosts . a perfect and pure sci fy .
very good item !
nice
this fits my brother embroidery machine and works just fine . seems to be really good quality . received it really fast ,
nice itemgood control feelits on a spot dualie gatesnice only not much grip for my cygolite
works great and was an easy setup and fix for the one that was missing from my new home . thanks !
this book is really great for beginners . very easy to read and follow the instructions !
a fantastic product , very helpfully for my girls , nice color and goos material , i'm recomend this product o other persons
i love the book !
it may seem like a steep price but this stylus is great . it helps with typing and is very responsive .
a great book giving you a perspective from the criminal mind . this book should be standard reading in officer training .
love the show enough to watch it multiple times . teenage daughter loves the show . great writing , great acting , good story .
bmw all weather rear rubber floor mats i m i really love this mats excellent item .
kept the inside hard cover and this skin fit it snug !
this is simply a nice add on to the xbox overall , but make sure to get a charger stand .
haven't had but a few days but once i got used to the software it was easy . i like it .
an excellent read , i couldn't put it down . a true story that reads like a james bond novel , worth reading
i would highly recommend this series . it kept my attention the entire time . lisa m . harley is a great writer .
it's the perfect song to remind me of who and where i am . i am a christian . jesus is all around us .
for the history minded .
this is just a fun thing to put in the backyard .
for small dog it is the best . crossbody it is not heavy and is comfortable to running around the city .
i am a great fan . i had missed a couple eposides and am enjoying catching up before the new season .
fit perfectly in my ' saturn ion even though crutchfield said it would only fit a single din head unit .
awesome movie . love ron pearlman in this . if you watch this and like it your going love too . lol .
fits perfect on my fathers older model digital camera .
randalli love solitare , it's . my favorite for my breaktime . solitaire is my favorite . i play everyday when i needbasi
perfect fit and quality . kids were thrilled with angry bird shirt and pants were light and comfortable for summer . thanks
the product is great but you cannot use same number at same time so be careful .
this is a great product . i will continue to purchase this in the future . i can tell a difference already !
a fun escape . not overhyped fluff by any stretch of the imagination .
not particularly insightful , but entertaining . good acting with a solid cast . certainly much better than any of the asylum's films .
very nice everything works well specimen looks very clear would recommend handy carrying case structure was durable no complaints .
the app seems to work great with my kindle fire . very entertaining . i might look into the other versions too .
this game was pretty good , i was able to master all of the levels , was kind of hard to do
awesome song that can really get you pumped up . i love listening to it while i'm working out . really fun .
i loved this book so much i just lobe jared and how brody still kind of know it's just amazing
this can opener is solidly built . it opens cans with ease . and best of all . made in the usa !
it works so that's good with me so whatever does it's job is a star product in my opinion
this is the perfect dipping chocolate . makes excellent chocolate covered oreos , fruit , etc . comes in a large bar .
had forgotten how good this album was ! trying to replace my old album collection and this was a must have .
delivered as promised . have not yet tried the products .
needed new mascara , never tried mally before . advertising said it would not rub off , that is the kind i needed .
my favorite volume in the series now in glorious color ! what's not to love ?
this was a great movie telling the story of how america prevailed against the french wine snobs . i recommend it .
this book as been a great help to our fundraising . the authors straight forward approach is much appreciated .
the dvd was great , i got my money's worth . i got what i paid for . no problems with anything whatsoever .
pool ladder met the expectations . great price for the quality of ladder .
i love it ! with a little practice it's very easy to use and is also helpful to evaluate your flow .
this really works to relieve pain without drugs , long lasting battery
thanks it was exactly what i wanted . it is so beautiful and it looks just like the picture in the ad . bonnie
it came right on time ! very fast shipping ! it arrived almost a week before estimated delivery ! it's perfect !
works great . has long range and have had for years now
this a new , not broken , not refurbished device . now have one for each car same model .
my six year old daughter just loves the illustrations ! i also enjoy the book myself . this is a keepsake classic !
nephew loves these dinosaurs . they remind me of when i was a kid . thank you for the figures . recommend this
no bubbling or rusting like plated chrome . solid and sturdy feel . modern accent to your bathroom . easy install . good quality .
this game is fun and addicting ! i would recommend it to everyone . easy fun exciting and again addicting . buy it !
this is a real solution to ugly short nails . this item is truly a solution to short , ugly soft nails .
very pleased with the product , wish there was a cover for it . overall great for the money spent .
so many photos of my twins in these caps great for after bath . very delighted with them . recommend to anyone
this is a great book when searching for specific prayers that are are based on scripture .
pretty nice they work great
favorite .
good sigh , ez to adjust it . love it .
i bought of these for my art show . they worked perfectly ! love the ease of washing and no ironing !
fabulous
my photo albums holding old pictures look very handsome . a nice feature is the ability to add and remove pages .
perfect for a night in ! so comfy and it's a great fit . i loved the grey , white , and red one .
it's a perfect . i really like all of this model . also i'm happy to purchase this low in price .
best movie to watch every year on . there is no better movie to watch on this date . is there ?
i really like this keyboard . it has all the features i need , plusit's ergonomically comfortable to use .
smells great , washes off easy and leave you feeling clean . i would order again . arrived quickly . i would order again .
what we have here is a big floppy hat , as advertised . the material is quality and its a comfy fit .
fast pace mystery ! kept the reader interest to the end . wanted to keep reading had trouble putting the book down .
good movie if your a fan of veronica mars
the characters go through so many changes the perfect set up for the final season . i recommend this entire series unforgettable !
wanted a cowhide looking fabric to cover a small bench seat . the look , feel price fit my need perfectly .
good purchase for what i paid . i'm using it for my ps it works great and the picture quality its good
my kids loved this movie for the second time . its no wonder its a big hit in the theater . blah blah blah
a great crime drama ! i'm hooked ! it keeps you waiting for the next episode and the characters are very intriguing .
thank you so much qualty is very nicelittle bit smaller than im imagine but realistic as per as photo
typical clive cussler novel . keeps one on the edge of the seat . always an enjoyable book to read . thank you c . c .
the economy and automatic tracking systems require a new approach to finding your next job . get real ! get careerealism !
this season is probably my favorite as the you get to see more of the other characters not just arnold
what a great book . i have cronic pain and this book is one of my bibles .
love this book , it had helped me a great deal within my design work even give me my own creative ideas .
fans love it
i loved the way kelly clarkson sings ! this is an excellent cd and a great christmas song cd as well .
all good thank
this cover provides my kindle book great protection . i don't need to worry anymore whether it is damaged to not .
is the best now ever ! no songs to skip over on this one . absolutely love it ! would highly recommend .
absolutely wonderful . elisabeth rose has a beautiful imagination and i felt like i was in the mist of each story
fun to play , bonus rounds , i like the theme , auto spins so you don't have to keep pressing buttons . nice
i got this for my month old nephew for christmas . the fit looks perfect , and its very well made .
love the case . fits perfectly .
just what i was looking for got here promptly great item can't be happier . works and looks just as advertised
it works so that is a plus ! xbox live is pretty awesome with the games with gold free games ! yay !
this hdmi cable is perfect for d blu ray player . it works great . the d effect was awesome watching avartar
the show takes place at the time i was a senior in high school , sure had some go times .
enjoy this neat free app . you see these logos all around you . lots of fun to play and kids can , too .
very comfortable and great sound . made of high quality material .
i finally have a flashlight with a powerful beam ! i recommend it because the solar charging feature works so well .
great way to have loose tea at the office . keeps the water hot while not burning your hands . totally recommend
us the software for video ministries . like it better than the ulead product so far .
love it
best price for batteries d
nice bright light it uses my exhausting makita volt , rechargeable battery .
just as described and if you're a fan of the show . you gotta have this .
solid , great finish . put together easily and it all fit properly . looks just like the photo in my living room .
it is a great cd ! almost as good as seeing him live ! which i have . he is so good looking !
of course i love jane lynch . this was such a revealing book and it was done with humor and love .
nice route maps and pics of many routes . quintessential guide for the canadian rockies if you are new to scrambling
not only was the packaging beautiful , but the sheets are incredibly luxe and comfortable .
i am new to cooking vegetarian and this book has a ton of easy to make recipes to choose from .
if you want to find out what real horror is , read thomas harris's red dragon !
this is a beautiful phone cover , but it is already showing wear in just months , so this was disappointing
this is another show all music theatre lovers should know . this recording does it justice .
i love this show it never disappoints ! the episodes are hilarious , and the cast really play their parts well !
good product came fast like how they come pre sharpened and write very well plus they are good for the environment .
very fast . just what i was looking forgreat . very fast . just what i was looking for , seems like good quality
my year old son loves playing with this . there's so many ways to play with it . love it !
i use this everyday to just browse . i love crafts and am a fit type person . lots of cool stuff .
i love the snow books , can't wait to read the rest , if you like vampire stories you'll love this . i sure did
love it , all i can say ! great quality ! oh and the size it perfect ! the studs and design are awesome !
usability of this product is on very high level . this product is good for every who needs information 'on the go' . wi fi needed .
double the battery from the original without much impact on flight
the pillow cases arrived just as descried . they are soft and very large . they met our needs well . thank you
worked as described
awesome gun well worth it lol lucky i got it when it was on sale amazon for . from airsplat
i wear these with my slacks to church . dressy and comfortable . i love the other crocs i have . they are very comfortable . kathyan
it really works but you have to be carefull not to hurt the animals . some of them are really sensitive !
our teams work outside in landscape , the men on the team love this lotion for soothing and smoothing rough hands
the kids loved it . arrived on time and it was as listed . would order again .
excelleet product ! x faster than another one . i recommend for everyone .
i wanted it to play gamecube games . without a controller , i couldn't play them . i play them with my wii console .
like the clever idea . will make a great and different kind of christmas present . great addition for candle lover's collection .
enrique is not only gorgeous but his music is so beautiful .
ordered for grocery shopping . very sturdy and easy to wipe clean . finally have bags that my husband will use .
perfect for small pruning and flower arranging tasks . do not put them , they are so great . they walk away .
it hangs in my small hallway . people see it everywhere . awesome . it helps me focus on who i belong to .
great leading actress . interesting characters . excellent writing . supporting character of partner is rather flat . gets annoying when he shows up .
very nice frothing pitcher !
it's an extra bucks or so for the good stuff just do it . might be i don't remember
love it ! i have two if them and they work perfect !
fixed my aged , leaking dishwasher . a little expensive but far less than a new machine .
a great collection from a writer with a unique voice . i particularly enjoy the section she writes about her son .
this is my jam ! amazon has it all ! always my go to for all my shopping needs , shoes , clothes , music . whatever !
this is a great wagon , easy for little ones to manouver , lots of room , comfortable and sturdy . highly recommend
a classic and personal favorite .
i think that this book speaks so much truth that i wish more people would understand .
love love love this show . it keeps you going back for more . will continue to watch this season after season .
it arrived in a timely fashion . it was the product i expected . i received filters as ordered . thank ou
motion sensitive greeting announces welcome in a pleasant oriental voice . it can be annoying if placed in a high traffic location ,
fits perfectly . has lasted years with little wear . reflects all the sun . couldn't be better for a sun shade .
this is a good product for children . they can play with the pictures and keep them in good shape .
this headset provides clear sound quality and is easy to use . volume controls an off switch are on right eaepiece .
one of the best new albums i have heard , alot of bands sell out and make sh , not these guys !
love these . this is my second pair . i'm a nurse and on my feet a lot . great support . hold up very well .
these are very nice . they are heavy , well made and really pretty . perfect partners for the skillets . i recommend them .
nice piece that is easy to use . it has an extremely bright light to enhance any defect on a coin .
i cant really put a review here with out spoiling it but it was awesome and so is charles dance .
i bought this to play region dvds , and it seems to do that just fine .
recommended for anyone who wants good warm lunch , also recommend getting if you love in a colder climate . awesome
this product is exactly as pictured . fits my sprint samsung galaxy s ii perfectly . case is bright and feels great !
cute lil . leprechaun my baby is yrs old and carries him around ! to eat to watch tv , stores
absolutely fantastic . great sound at a great price . easy hook up and speakers that seem to dissapear in the room
i no longer need to nag the kids to turn on the fan
the most beautiful book that i readit's anazibg expirence with the piwer of god recommendedyour thought change
this is well made and looks great with my other office tools and decorations , exactly what i needed . thank you !
it's amazing how each book is so good . always a new discovery and something reveled that leads to the next story .
a great read . chosen by my book club . i read it in two days ! it was hard to put down
like it
perfect fit for parlor guitars and godin parlor size bodies . solid construction . well worth the investment . own several of this model . thank you .
our grocery store discontinued this item . glad i found it here . was pkged very well . definitely going to buy again
love the book it was fast reading didn't want to put the book down . hope there will be a second one .
better than expected !
dropps are my preferred laundry soap . little packaging , big results without scent or unwanted additives . great in cold water too !
exciting characters , mesmerizing plot and a beautifully woven tale
very good story line and good characters . no profanity to ruin the story . challenges of life , both good and bad .
item was just was listedeasy to apply and very useful . the items i apply to the pad stay put .
great set of the classic scooby doo series . my grandson really enjoys the episodes ! his dad enjoys watching them too !
utz are the best tasting in the snack food products ! will be ordering more . a great value for a pretzel !
this item was shipped promptly and arrived in great condition , great directions and ridiculously easy to install . highly recommend
our dog loves her bumble bees and hive ! adorable interactive toy and better priced than most other retailers , as well .
great product i'm satisfied with the shoes they are very comfortable and i truly would like to thank you all !
their best since based on a true story . solid , clean and well produced . i needed seven more words to qualify .
i would never waste my money on expensive drug store tests again . buy these ! great value and works great
good stuff . deeper flavor than other rooibos teas i've tasted . i'd recommend it at least to try once . mm mm
i love this bride collection and the ones like it ! they are great books and i have them all now !
it looks like it's going to be good . i bought it for my class .
this is a must have for emdr therapist . it is well written and includes the work of many emdr therapist .
great series
exactly what i was looking for . more words here . she will love her gift . six more words ? this is ridiculous !
and a great listen . if your looking for a knock off sabbath band you wont find it here . just good heavy tunes
very soft and wide ! just what i was looking for . would buy more if they were more girly unisex styles available
this is one of the most beautiful pair of earrings that i've ever had . they are small though , just incase .
a fantastic collection of delicious recipes ! i don't know what i did without this book !
beautiful , very beautiful . it is very resistent love it , feet me perfectly for all . bello bello precioso hermoso bien
loving it , doesn't roll and works perfect
large , easy to read face and lighter than you'd expect from such a sized watch . easy to use functions .
a perfect complement to lonely planet's very general maps . signed , spanish english speaker lost in paris
its durably constructed and works well with any bike it works well on my schwinn speed bike p . s . great
i love this game . it is very life like . it has many different possibilities to create a beautiful make over .
do you know when you buy something and you have what you want ?
bought this as a gift for my son . great quality ! color is really nice and it hangs well on the wall .
this really helps itchy scalp .
these are very cute . i am fixing christmas baskets and used them as a toy . i liked them very much .
this is a great dvd ! this show is a lot better than the realty shows they have on today !
it is original and delivered soon , but it is smaller than the picture , i recommended change the piture , thank you .
i loved it ! a perfect mix of suspense and adorable romance . could barely put it down to get some sleep .
loved
this is exactly what i needed . what a difference now that my lawnmower can breathe . it runs like new again !
this powder make up goes on with ease and doesn't look like make up , reasonably priced compared to others that i've used .
i ordered this hoping it would be the correct adapter . it was , due to a good description of the product .
this is a very good product . i really like cooking with this pot . my choice was right !
followed the instructions on the video and had no problems at all . loved it , easy to install and looks great .
i am a teacher , and am reading all the junie b books to my class . we all enjoy them immensely .
great game . not too hard . great for beginners . now is the time to play this fun game with your aunts .
they are ice tongs . it's not rocket science or milspec . they pickup ice cubes . it's not like i m handling uranium
the receipes are timeless and the cookbook itself is a collector's dream . i love this cookbook !
it kept my interest and was a quick read . i really did not guess the villain until almost the end .
ben shapiro illustrates and takes on the biggest problem facing the free world . this is a guide everyone should read .
works perfect as expected , clear and perfect print as the original cartridges , you can not go wrong with this purchase
product arrived on time and in good shape , although the outside box was damaged and oddly packed .
great short teachings , short stories . but read master seung sahn's compass of zen first .
as expected !
this is what i needed back in college to understand better how economics work . it's easy to read and funny
it's fun to play . just wish you could see the objects a little more clearly , they look a bit blurry .
i used this to flex draw my truck when i get it stuck in the mud . perfect . just what i needed .
great read !
excellent product , very satisfied . it's adorable , cute and soft . it's definitely a very good gift for both children and adults .
works great , appears to be made of quality materials . it threads easily into all my lens with mm threads .
this has a wonderful cast . if you like thrillers this is a real nail biter from the beginning to end !
i a'm varry happy with the unit . knowing the humidity temp . makes the house more comfortable
works as new , easy replaced . watched a you tube video before ordering to see how it was done , very simple !
much sleeker than the original factory and love its smaller too . i would recommend this to my friends and family
i used this spatula frequently and it always does a great job on the cakes that i bake . great product .
i love them and recomend everybody . my skin looks healthier . use better with needle rooler to get better results .
haha man this app is the best i cant stop playing it cx awesome that it has so many games .
very nice . bought for my granddaughter and she loved it . pink is her favorite color . all that she really wanted .
michael kitchen portrays a detective in wartime england during wwii . this export from great britain is one of the best .
this was a great buy and the service very good . i love the shows !
we love it ! it is sturdy and can be used for anything you want to keep stashed away or protected .
these are excellent garden gloves . they are very sturdy and fit well . good for handling tough work . highly recommended .
this cd is well done . it aids well in developing a feeling for the times .
one of my favorite songs by sammy kershaw . it has a great beat , really great song , i love it alot
too small for serious work but handy for quick , short walking shoot in urban settings . versatile for that limited purpose .
they are very comfortable and pretty . fits really good . defenitly i will recommend it ! can wait to use them !
these carter's long sleeve bodysuits are excellent quality and will recommend to my relatives too . thanks , very pleased . grand child happy .
good cigar cut .
this is a great show ! it looks like we will be watching the whole series . i truly do recommend it
i had some phones that wouldn't charge any more and these worked great .
excellent deliver service s h at ok plugged in and registered to base without issue . all is good .
friend of mine had this machine , had an espresso and i was sold . great little machine . perfect cup every time .
i love love the acer tablet . does much more than expected . i would defiantly recommend this to all my friends
i sent this to my daughter , she loves it . i love amazon shopping from home or my iphone .
this is the best strobe light system that i have ever see for so cheap . will buy another set soon
i really love this series . it is an easy read but very engaging . great beach read and happy to read .
jj abrams delivers yet another great story for the little screen . fast paced and action packed . you won't be disappointed in fringe .
who doesn't love to color mickey and the gang ! great book . i would recommend it for kids young or old !
makes a very , very small award type ribbon . very small . really small . super small . punch works great . six more words required .
best sitcom on t . v . i used to live near caltech in pasadena and the show hilariously recreates this really well .
i love the book . a beginner will learn a lot from this book , very informative . love it and worth it .
interesting and different in a i can get into this kind of way , if you know what i mean
very stylish , well made . this item is better than most decorative phone covers . would purchase more items from this vendor brand .
awesome show . awesome story line . awesome characters . awesome actors . awesome plot twists . awesome locations . multiple views . truly a great triumph .
this series is incredible . the directing and acting is superb . american series pale in comparison , i recommend highly to everyone .
i loved the plot , when i got to the first page , dang i read this whole book i've weekends ! awesomely
happy with product and prompt delivery
very thought provoking ! this gives real clarity to the story of the lost son in luke .
i bought this to replace my last rechargeable battery pack . convenient product at a great price .
great game if you are careful spending your coins and crystals . i play it every day for about an hour .
this is a great read for those of us who are struggling with hormone changes and hypothyroidism . very informative read
i love the battery . works great ! keeps its charge and when you fully charge it it last for whole days !
very good story teller , interesting twists , great female characters , had hard time putting this book down till i was finished .
it is my kind of glases . one word perfect . first quality .
i think that it is a well put together book . the movie enemy at the gates is remarkably similar though .
good story line but ending was expected and just as good when it came about , loved the snow theme interesting
arrived on time , toms were in perfect condition . i love these shoes and i will order again from this vendor .
good price for this product ! i'm delighted with it ! thx i can recommend it for everyone ! thx again
purchased for my daughter's birthday . she loves it . installation was easy , it is really a great protector for a iphone .
excellent bookreminder of how big god is . and exposes the enemy and his plans to destroy a christian s life
i recommend this item to the professionals not anyone can do it .
this organizer works well in my go bag . i keep all my electronic essentials and power cords strung in it .
use this for mowing my lawn . recommend to anyone looking for a quality cord .
i injoy playing this game its lots a fun
i love it its so cute and my friends are jealousthe price of one cent is unbeliveable and so
very interesting . i can't wait to see what's in store in the next book . it was very full of suspense .
i love it my son thinks its great its to fast for him though its works wonderfully hi hello hi
baby's suction cup with insulation in winter are not afraid of the water cooler like to recommend it to everyone
this sticker rocks ! very good for making your car unique . people always know what the fox hound symbol means . mgs
great help
just what i was lokking for .
excellent light quality . need to be careful in assembly . small size makes it easy to store in car's glove box .
wonderful book on the aging process and how well it fits in with the word of god in the bible .
great product . used it to cook hamburgers and they turned out just great . not grease soaked . thanks . recommend highly .
completely addicted and can't wait for the th book from his point of view . already preordered it ! definitely didn't disappoint !
this product is excellent . it is easy to place over the mattress and is extremely comfortable .
kids are loving it . easy to put together and sturdy enough for a pool full of kids using a beach ball
this book is very informative and helpful . i learned a lot and i love the lists in the appendix section .
i was surprised what a spectacular read this was for . . almost a bit like v . c . andrews . worth a read !
an amazingly illustrated montage of ross's work . a beautiful book for fans of comic book art and art in general .
easy to follow directions and recipes you and your family will love . doc
i like this case a lot . good quality for the price . had no problems with the kickstand .
one of his best ever ! absolutely mystical and soul stirring !
easy to read with lots of practical and do able suggestions . i've tried a few of her strategies and they work !
actually it's really cute my breasts my a lil too large they run small ! but thank you . and love the items from you
i really enjoyed these two books , got to know the characters really well . would like to see the next one .
this is a nice little version of the classic game . easy to use with a nice range of computer difficulties .
item arrived on time and was well packaged . the sign was exactly as described by the vendor . this was a christmas gift .
needed a sheath for my prop ka bar knife and it fit just fine . the leather is high quality as well .
this book was a fun fantasy and i would recommend it to people who like drama and medieval fantasy enjoy
bought these for my kitchen cabinets i built . love the sliding and the fact they are full extension . highly recommend
a great look at some of the aspects of internal strength across all three arts , xingyi , tai chi , and bagua !
just wanted to state that i agree with those above . very handy tool , especially when looking for quotes for talks .
i love nyx products , this works perfectly to keep my brow hairs in place . it goes on and stays on .
i highly recommend brevail for any woman going through menopause . i take it in place of premarin . a night and day difference !
exactly what i wanted
looks , taste , original , creative , blah , blah , blah . hands down , the best coffee maker you can buy for your home . enough said !
greg you are a genius . where have you been all my life ? please keep your amazing books coming . you're awesome .
this is such a great lightweight face moisturizer with spf ! i wear it everyday and it is just perfect ! love !
awesome shirt . the design is a lot bigger than expected
this order was shipped diligently and i recieved it within days of ordering it !
lol ! they do what they are designed to do and there is a nice assortment of sizes . a good value
i got this item within a week of ordering ans saved a lot of money . thanks !
my granddaughter loves it . can't put it down
i ordered this little suitcase to use as a studio prop . cannot wait to see a little newborn in this !
this has every great hit that clapton ever made . better than i expected ! a must have for every music collection !
excellent product , fast shipment !
i won't change a thing about this book . if any thing i would like for the books to be longer
i loved it every page of it alot alo alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot alot
again i love my g phone case . it protects my phone when i drop it ! i love the colors !
if you love ruzzle or the original boggle but you want more of a challenge then definitely you'll love this .
the spacers fit very well . the directions were very well layed out step bye step . my truck looks much better .
this is a great game , more than i was expecting for a game of this kind .
with this remote microphone , home video can look hear very professional .
definitely would watch more of this series , interesting characters and some good dynamics to be developed . you should . green light it !
love it and great expedited service
i am very happy with my purchase . it is of the highest quality and i would highly recommend this product .
i would recommend these highly . they germinated fast and have continued to grow wonderfully . i would recommend this product highly .
great resource , has good pictures and definitions , assists with learning asl . i love using it to find words and actions .
well written and an enjoyable read !
if you want to get the most of this book , buy it in english . spanish is not a good choice .
it does the job well .
loved it !
great fit and works well .
i love bones ! it is a great show to snuggle up and order take out for date night . p p
another good book by mallory monroe . what i really love about her books are the interesting story lines . thank you
i could not put this book down ! a light frothy fairy tale that made me wish i had artistic talent !
this is a good summer fun read . byrd does a good job of keeping the suspense going on multiple levels .
great product , works like a charm . one suggestion allow it to be output device for bt audio for ohone calls ,
my grandson is reading this book and is really enjoying it . he wants to read another stephen king book soon
love the lens filter for my nikon d . it protects the lens and reduces the glare .
i love them .
works great on itch
changed from figuring things out in to or easy steps . i'm happy !
great value for the price , nice soft material . i would purchase this item again , if i had another small boy !
this series is great and enjoyed karen's story in this book . i look forward to more books by catherine bybee .
i love this appointment book for our dental office . it offers plenty of space . i buy it year after year .
the pump fits and drains well on maytag model hav aww . it was packed good and priced lower than competitors .
i ordered pairs of these as gifts . they fit like i expected . quality was great . well worth the money .
sturdy , colorful , cute . great for little hands and no pages to tear during quiet reading times . great for a gift .
the game is easy to follow and i understand how it works . i love this game it is very addictive .
i'm looking forward to book . hope e . c . tubb finishes it before he dies .
can't put the phone down . this game is worth the download . bummer you have to pay for updates . good graphics !
this is a very heavy , strong bag i use to hold hinges and screws . i like it a lot . ok
the watch was packaged good and delivered quickly to my home . would use them again to purchase items from
my wife always complains that i get her trike dusty from me working in the garage . she loves the cover .
i thought the ending was not has good as the first book . just a set up for the third book .
it fits like a glove . works greatthe price just just about the best and love the color of it !
works well for the thicker metal pipes and generally thicker metal peices that eat up the thinner cut off wheels .
love it thank you .
hard to stop reading , excellent . makes you want to see visit the places mentioned in florence and istanbul and mueseams .
it can be used as a stand in several different positions . good protection for your kindle fire .
great story . full of action . couldn't put the book down . this book is for the grown and sexy . really enjoyable !
very soft fits the changing pad very well happy i made this purchase i will be purchasing more soon ! ,
this book has stood the test of time and will make you a better player if you follow it everyday
doesn't disappoint , i love reading the original and seeing the differences between the book and the movie . book is awesome .
this item was just what i was looking for . a hard to find kelly doll . not many around any more .
nice unit gave to son for b day and he loved it it's metal not plastic , very life like . go fish
i really liked the story line loved the different mythical creatures . i wish it were longer hooked me right away
these are of good quality and are easy to install . my drawers never looked so good . thanks for the help .
the many details which came together to result in this assassination , are very well developed and assembled . very well done .
i got these to replace vp versapak , amazon had the best price and deliverywas fast .
great read the story line flowed characters were great can't wait for part . keep it coming you are talented
great book ! an easy read ! i could feel the emotions that sarah was having . great ending to a wonderful story
guest performance by ramsey lewis on a fender rhodes piano , recorded live in says it all and then some .
what's not to like ? this package is something we all need to have around , was affordable , and easy to order .
awesome ! will order again .
traditional hymns are difficult to translate for the deaf and this hymnal is a great help . i highly recommend it .
work as it should and well worth the price , i wuld buy more if i needed them . buy buy buy
thank you
but in the end too easy for our year old grandson . more words needed , more word needed , no more
tamilee is one of the best ! this is an awesome abb workout with lots of short workouts to choose from .
this may be one of the best books nicholas sparks has written and i have read most all of them .
got them for halloween and was very cut with the costume . fast to get here and am very saitfied
beautiful illustrations , written instructions are clear .
the colors and design are so pleasant . go for it ! your kid will really stand out among the crowd ! highly recommended !
excellent book for newbies , easy to understand and to use the basic knowledge to create your own designs .
an different and sensitive treatment of the lgbt scene with a convoluted mystery of birth , adoptions and deaths followed up
the sandalwood has a great aroma and my husband loves the shaving cream and the badger brush . worth the money .
i don't know why i cannot get it to open any longer , but it is no longer available to me .
powerful . excellent quality .
used them to build a field expedient antenna for arrl field day . worked great .
got to my house fast and this product works great and is the best gainer protein i have ever had .
book arrived promptly and in the condition as advtised , actually it was better than i expected .
using these with my i pod shuffle on long runs , no problems so far , very comfortable .
i love josh and anything he sings , each ce is better than the last one . can'twait for the next one !
the book arrived in perfect condition in a timely manner ! would definitely recommend this seller !
great show . it didn't get boring in the middle like a lot of these shows do . love it ! watch it !
this book will put you on the path towards improving your knowledge of arabic . however , you have to apply yourself .
i use all the time , very rugged , great double layered protection . an must have for outdoor or heavy use . great ipod !
fun ! some are easy . some are challenging . and so this keeps me playing this game . probably longer than i should !
thisa song is very intresteting . i bought it to try out something new and it was very wonderfully satisfing ok
the book was great its so worth the read and i feel in love with the story and the charictoers
passable
they are comfortable but wish the legs had a little tighter elastic to keep them from ridding up
totally awesome page turner i have read lots if books and this is one of the best loved it a
the product i bought was brand . however , i have not read it yet . i think it should be good .
very nice , fits well . looks good on my bike and will refer to others . thank you and have a nice day .
i love it . it is finally easy medium and hard . the only bad thing is how sensitive it is . it soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooglitchty
sharpened every knife in the house . saved a bundle over professional service . couldn't be easier to use .
the size is perfect for my gas grill . i don't have to guess how much wood to use any more .
please fix the spelling errorsgood read a little un believable but the good guys win so i am happy
i love the author's easy going writing style . a lot of practical information , also very honest .
i used this drill press stand to make a homemade edm electrical discharge machine . this product served my purpose well .
i use this color for lip liner and also brow filler . looks great for both and blends easily as well
my teenage daughter is hooked on this pretty little liars series and was thrilled to catch up on these dvd's .
extremely high quality tool for the craftsman or serious land manager . no loud noises , gas oil or fumes . also great exercise !
first is a page turner . last half moves slower but is still goodi recommend it over all .
i am a young reader and i have read island of the blue dolphins . i enjoyed this book as much .
muy bueno , encontrar lo que buscaba , el libro es genial y sobre todo que pude tenerlo comodamente en mi domicilio
only drawback is that you need to remove the iphone from its mophi charge case . it will not fit otherwise .
looks just as pictured . cute little gift for those disney lovers and very affordable compared to buying it at disney .
nice product , just as the picture shows it . it is nice for a gift but not a high end plush
compared to other supplements , this supplement contains the largest amount of dha in a single serving pills per day .
big grey's anatomy fans will love this . i could watch these all weekend . each episode makes you yearn for more !
love it . this top was everything i expected it to be . will be ordering more in different styles . very cute
the last thing that happened was a bit ridiculous to me though , but i did enjoy reading the book .
the item was exactly what the picture looked like . material was perfect and would recommend this outfit to anyone looking .
lasts a very , very long time . not as hydrating as i hoped it would be . works better than dove though .
another excellent guide ! clear and straightforward directions , worth the price . i encourage all who are interested to make the purchase .
excellent sink deep enough for tall pots . well made . well insulated , good sound deadeners . very happy with purchase from ardent .
i wish i had purchased the . tablet . screen size smaller than i thought . just a little small for my eyes .
the snow owl is a good book . but it is very short . i wish it was longer and more detailed .
everyone must have one !
it was very good my son loved it he can't stop playing with it loves building red tool box products
they were great and the ship time was great also , thank you very much .
love this movie , can not see it enough times . love the music and dancing . patrick is such a great actor .
i missed some of the hits i was hoping to find on this cd , but i still love listening anyway
this cd makes you want to rip your clothes off and dance ! i can not wait till miami now !
always on the hunt for good music to reference when demoing loudspeakers , this was recomending by a friend , great tracks .
no problems , as advertised
beautiful and a perfect size . very comfortable do not be afraid to buy
it was hard to find but worth it . looking forward to more material from this artist
very informative , and easy to read . i now feel more empowered to make the right decisions about vaccines . thanks !
would see more of it , no hero worship here . but the im partial to british programs grittier and sometimes funny .
you get what it says , easy to install compared with other brands . so far , two weeks , my phone looks great .
have always loved this song and it is exactly what i wanted . the delivery system is so easy through amazon .
life saver n money saver as well saved me from purchasing a new chair . i would recomend this to a friend .
good diagonal cutters
this came in pretty fast and it had no scratches playing through . probably one of my favorite movies with jim carrey .
nice !
very nice book
very light and comfortable you can barely tell you are wearing a shoe . super grip , i wear them at work .
love everything , dislike nothing . its weighted and a great shade of rose . amazing prices , great quality , sturdy . can't lose with this one
clara clark really connects with me , in her portrayal of historical fiction . love the authentic voice in this particular story .
good
fantastic . find ! met my needs completely ! thanks ! love the case for my kindle fire ! the accessories are great and useful ! thanks !
if you are a machine embroiderer , you need one of these . how much grief is eliminated by its use ? plenty !
it was okay . i knew most of this anywayi'll probably read his othersshort book true don't go in an rv
this is a reasonably priced memory upgrade . performance for desktop computing bench marked out pretty well . no issues with installation .
no need to open the hood of your car , just plug in the cigar outlet and check . good little gadget .
i like perfumes . liz taylor's fragrance that is wonderful . fixed for long . note the flower leaves mild but permanent perfume .
excellent buy . i would purchase one more i was surprised when i got it how well crafted it is thank you very much
this stuff rocks ! if you want heavy flowers this is what you need ! works great on plants from seedlings on .
my kids are so smart after they were of the app . i thought it was so cool that it was aged ! iexcl !
this did as advertised , stratened out when laid in the sun , made a nice straight edge . would recommend this product .
much better than the crap i've purchased previously at the drug store . this trimmer is well built and works fine !
this trilogy really should be a movie ! i didn't want it to end .
unique design feels comfortable and easy to read . i bought it for riding my bike but it looks good too .
the purchase was just as described and arrived in the time frame stated . would do business again with this retailer .
it arrived a lot faster than i though and it was exactly what was needed . the price was right too .
heavy and goes in the dishwasher . easy to use and mixes powder well because of the heavy duty metal ball .
love it ! it literally takes one minute to assemble ! the pattern is super adorable too ! i would recommend to anyone !
got some smell out dealing with mice in an older car recommend to use worked better than most others used
love it high quality , great color , well made sturdy enough to hold several items without feeling too flimsy .
can be tricky even for the most astute player . like wonderment better but this one can be challenging to play
love it can watch it over , over , over and over again !
this book is a must for any true fan . many stories from behind the scenes . this book inspired me .
its a battery , it was priced right and i havent had any issues . ill update if i have any issues .
i wish i could stop eating this but i just can't ! it's so good that i have to order again
good with warmth and good grip .
convienent way to check on the status of your refund . just enter sen and zip and your status instantly appears .
this is a great book , constantly riddled with scripture . experience father , son and holy spirit with peace and joy . share !
was amazing i loved it , don't stop writing iexcl iexcl iexcl iexcl i'm so glad i found this series ! don't stop with the book'sexciting and fun
good read with great info . inside . the time is near jesus is coming back soon for his bride . praise god !
holds my tablet securely and sits firmly ! my friend wants one since she saw mine . and tried her tablet in it .
my granddaughter loves this book for her bedtime reading . it very quickly became her favorite bedtime book .
lisa's books are always the best reads . i read everything she writes . can'twait for the next one !
i love my steve madden leather bag . it is very trendy and excellent in quality .
so fun colorful . love them .
for those of us who have left the church , it was a very thought provoking book .
i am happy with the petzoom pet park . it has been very helpful in house training our yorkie puppy .
delivered on time stores , for a few months , comes with clear instructions . i love it .
thrilling movie about a cop searching for two missing girls . unusual and original story , well told , and without unnecessary gore .
this was delicious and beautiful to look at . was a hit during christmas for family gathering . would highly recommend it
perfect size for my wife's face .
great cast and non stop action . glad i rented it . this movie makes it's sequel , red an absolute must see .
wore with the evergreen superband in alaska during the mosquito season in july and never got bit . they're also cute .
its the best and i mean fun fun fun i love of u get to feed animals and many more
my husband loves it and he looks supper cool if he wasn't my husband i'd be after he's sexy self .
this collection is a must have for the mcdreamy fanatic . i loved the commercial free , uninterupted episodes .
this was a really great book ! fast read and exciting . read it in days , couldn't put it down !
got to have tool for construction , rescue and utility work . needs a holster , however .
very nice , what you see is what you get . your money is worth for this item . i highly recommend . awesome .
did the job that i needed to do .
this is my favorite tea in the whole world . i try to have a cup every day . try it ! sue
made very good and good material wife was injured and uses them all the time , it is a great asset
excellent buy . would definitely encourage people to buy this product . looking forward to buying more products from this company again .
i like it . its simple and traditional . its not priced like a store but just as good . i recommend it .
the product was sent as advertised . the blades work pretty well and ten to stay sharp for quite a while .
very very good . loved the drama suspense hot sexy and romance in this book . hard to put down . highly recommend
a good work boot or for casual wear
excellent product and price .
this ornament is a great souvenir . it's a yearly reminder of new york city and the beautiful christmas decorations there .
just got it in the mail and it's great . padded sides and tight pouch for cards and money . definitely recommend .
this buzzer is great . use it for blending and fades . buzzer fits perfectly in your hand and not to heavy .
loved it from beginning to end . lots of good stuff in it and all word based . i highly recommended it
its a decent laptop case , fits my lenovo ideapad g s just fine .
looks good . a hassle to put together by yourself . glass must remain sturdy during installation .
beautiful case .
nice color ! crystal blue is so breath taking , so totally love it , fit me perfect . go we'll with any outfit . recommend !
this tunnel is very strong and is well made , when it wears out i will buy another one , great product
i loved it fits great , looks great , go for it ! , everyone complemented this coat ! the double breasted look is fashionable and slimming .
great companion to comprehension connections ! this tanny mcgregor once again delivers hands on concrete ways to understand different genres !
very good fit and material . timely shipped . nice design . simple and elegant . would keep a look out for more products .
good pages although they nick very easy and tear at the seams but not to the point of being unusable .
my kids loooove this book . they have listened cd included to it so many times they have it memorized .
this game is really fun . and a perfect way to take up time if ur bored or on a plane
exelente como c t . odo lo de h . eco . !
exactly what i was looking for at a great price !
i got this for my grandma and she loves it . very nice looking , simple and warm .
enjoyed all his episodes once again as i did when he was first one tv . entertainment for the whole family .
i'll be re reading this book many , many times , as it is filled with tons of great information .
i am watching the 's re runs , but this is a great updated version . great music , women , cars , and action .
just sooo funny ! never boring and just tooo many tee hees ! thinking of getting all that's missing is the music
thanks for the promt service . my book was a defined in good shape .
a funny , insightfull , and often scary look into the life of a firefighters wife .
we enjoyed this very much , i ordered this copy because i was playing the other one i purchased so much .
the suit was a gift for my daughter the fit was perfect , you can trust the brand and great price .
all included parts have worked with the tom tom device . had about an eighteen hour trip and everything worked well .
i like this device because it is strong yet light weight thus making it able to fit my mr coffee
great ride , loved this period thriller , splashed with a bit of comedy , and fictional account of the birth of profiling .
this purchase was for my son , and he says it works like it is supposed to , looks and works great .
this is a very , colorful , sleek and well made product that does the trick for my twin girls baking obsession !
bought to use during e fix and they worked exactly as expected . well worth the minimal cost for the product .
this book is very helpful . this book has everything . it's a lot of challenge . a lot of good informe you .
fantastic first class history lesson ! loved it !
i really enjoy these sheets . they are very comfortable and have a nice cool feeling to them .
my daughter loves this little chromebook . i'm looking at getting one for myself .
great show wish it didn't end . it's a shame they can't continue with a th season the acting was excellant .
this is the best product that i've found yet for perimeter spraying to prevent unwanted bug incursions into my house .
its a very nice watch with classy look , a bit heavy and big , with yr of international warranty .
good price and highly functional . good for use in the office to know who is approaching your cubicle . would recommend .
fit was perfect and very comfortable . the heal isn't too high but still goes with a lot of different outfits .
lots of background and history of the beginning , the very beginning , of florida ! very informative and also very , very interesting .
bi pod comes off easy and it is heavy . product does not come with bbs . fyi . other than that . great product .
this is the most wonderful book i've ever read . a brilliant fiction .
these are nice solid scissors . i used the to remove stictches from livestock after a surgery and they worked great .
loved the detail and the surprise twists and turns . highly recommend this book if you like mysteries based on fact .
wonderful story of redemptive love set in scotland . i could not put this book down ! i highly recommend this book .
cute , funny , and shows how one is rarely an island . good performances by all . would recommend for all family members
bought , i use it for hibiclens cleaner , it's best as a foam . this works great and is so attractive
this poster is sweet . to bad the seller falsely advertised the size . it wasn't exactly x .
informative and nice styles , but not really for beginners . however , one can always be patient to learn said styles . nice !
love the graphics and sounds my kids love playing it nice game . good for all ages i'm enjoying playing it
this movie is such an encouragement and a blessing ! heaven is going to be awesome don't miss it !
i bought of these and they worked beautifully every time . no issues at all and at a great price .
the book is very good at using practical examples to explain principles clearly . the message is simple implementation takes practice !
funny , tongue in cheek , great beat ! dolly always did these types of novelty songs right good breakout from her country stuff .
i really liked this book , had some interesting stories of his life and how he changed his life for the lord
you must get this app it is so fun . the game play is really good and the graphics are good .
got it off the kickstarter project with some goodies . good storyline , art and print quality . excellent comic book for all ages .
the item was shipped promptly and in condition described . i prefer the kratt pipe .
i like to watch , the blue planet , with the amazing ocean world we are surrounded by . it is very educational .
good quality
strong paracord rated at lbs does exactly what is advertised . i used mine to wrap around a survival knife .
i like that it is homeopathic so feel it is safe use often .
lost the one that came with the car seat somehow this was an even better replacement .
agnes is really cute and we love the sweet and funny things she says . my granddaughter really loves her too .
good stuff with reasonable cost for ipad , mac or iphone users who are searching for convenient presentation controller and pointer !
the best shrinky dink paper out there . will continue to purchase this brand for crafts for my nd grade classroom .
excelentes memorias ! tienen un look genial y funcionan perfectamente . entrega a tiempo y en excelente estado . full recomendada la compra .
it is true to color and is crinkled as seen . i love that because it adds texture to my styles .
good book
they worked well good seals , look good , inexpensive . just what i was looking for to can some plum jam . .
great read . relax , sit back and enjoy , i think most will enjoy it . hope wayne writes more , looking forward to that .
item as described fast service just what i was looking for to decorate my sons cake for a birthday party
i loved it and put it on my car for everybody to see that i am a big fan
works ok , gave it to a girlfriend because they are more comfortible than the apple headset
i wanted this doll since it came out in stores ! i'm glad i got it after so many years .
the product was good and worked fine , i would recommend it to anyone . try it i loved it , thanks alot
this was the perfect sink for the outdoor kitchen , hook up your hoses and your good to go , no frills , no fuss , just simplicity
we really liked how this movie tied all the individual avengers together , yet they all remained true to their characters !
great ! buy this book .
we had a old school movie night with our friends and enjoyed sharing this with our friends . still very fun !
takes a while to put on the pillow because you have to feed the pillow all the way through it .
fyi , it doesn't say it but this book does have the studentconsult online access code inside the cover .
got this for my asian flavored water colors . the block signatures look great and add a lot to any paintings .
i liked this book because the friendship is a good thing to help me remember my great friendship with ava
great stuff , especially the episode the year of the horse . i would recommend it to all fans of the show .
as advertised . this perfectly replaced the hatch strut on a tt coupe . it was easy to install , not hard . great job .
good infuser . works as designed . i wish the screen was a little finer but works for larger loose leaf teas .
what can i say ? it's free , and it's a lot more fun than some apps i've actually paid money for .
i used to wear kiwis in high school and loved them . many compliments . this is a great and comfortable shoe .
i bought the cheapest copy of this book i could find and it hardly looks used .
feels warm and comfortable and seems to be more heavyweight than any other sweatshirt i have worn in the past .
it is tough to find a black glove and for the price this one is nice . it holds up well .
i actually use this to dry the silverware next to the dish rack . works great for that , too .
i love old tv westerns . these cds bring back great memories ! i have to order the rest of the series !
very fun colorful just started playing looking very forward to the other games i would recommend this game to everybody
this is a super sweet book .
got this gift for my friend as christmas present . she absolutely loved it ! would recommend to any and all !
ordered on monday . was received on wednesday . more wonderful than the description . will definitely order from this source again !
i love nathan pacheco ! he is a rarity ! i look forward to buying more of his music in the future !
amazing hookah i just forgot coals so it took a couple days to smoke otherwise great machine to smoke with
wanted something to secure my helmet or jacket when i don't feel like using my topcase . this thing works great
just download it and enjoy . what is there to complain about no costs , no ads , and no gimmicks . great product !
kubriks film holds up to fx laden space operas decades later . one of my favorite film of all times
they saved my roses , and they stayed around . they eat the aphids like m m's and they keep my flowers healthy .
i use it to power my radio vintage vw and no accessory and light reminds me to shut it off .
make it fun , surround yourself with the target language in your home , car , computer , tv and the result will come .
great shirt ! looks great , nice weathered look . thirteen more words required . well here are a few more amazon , hee hee !
i have a review on this on my youtube channel , curlsandbeauty byandrea , this is sooo good . ps i have dry long curly hair
this product seems to be very sturdy and it was well priced . hopefully i'll never have to use these tools .
works great . i am very satisfied . i would recommend to others . i would purchased this item again . great value for price .
fellowes writeright universal screen protectorsgreat product great price prompt delivery .
great for wall outlet !
great product phone never slips at all
compact easy to use and very well made . my sleep problems are improving . yes i would recommend this product .
really happy with this product and the person it was bought for was excited the bank is colorful and fun .
how's it going , craig
familar with the issues , especially the hacking . well done but the use of concerted military pressure is not really likely .
it is exactly what i needed ! i was easy to install an was a perfect fit and great non glare finish .
i recommend this book to anyone who is interested in keeping their brain healthy for many years to come !
wonderful song from the beauty and the beast tv series . the entire soundtrack is awesome . love it .
i love my shoes very sexy look they are a little tight but i love them no regrets at all
i thoroughly enjoy susan's fools gold series and this is no exception . her characters and situations are realistic and contemporary .
i had bought a kc shirt before . as always , if the price is gd , they are great buy . very comfortable .
beautiful poetry that speaks to the ups and downs of real life . great use of imagery and wonderful word choice .
this worked good . it saved alot of time , but the connectors are not very high quality . i would buy again .
i have been running on these for years love them . glad i can find them for a good price here .
i love my moto x and i love the incipio case . a perfectly matched pair .
one line what do you know about me ? i am still laughing .
pretty nice .
just how i expected . i do not have too much more to say about it but that it works well
grat fit and s uacute per light . not good for running because they fall of your face but grat for any moment .
good deal and it works great on my phone !
works great . fits fine .
this is my first sorrelli thing . very beautiful and just what i wanted , i will buy more sorrelli jewelry . thanks !
after charging a few times i would defenetly recomend to anyone who ends up with no charge on the go
nice song . nice voice . nice sound . can't wait for the next album . please let's all support this new cameroonian musician .
don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy
i like using this better than using the paper filters . it works very well .
shipment arrived on time , in good condition , and inexpensive compared to the prices offerred in retail stores . highly recommended !
excellant resource for bible study . historical , cultural and literary analysis . some author bias evident .
we gave this gift to my mom for christmas and she absolutely loves it . she uses it all the time .
it's a great tennis net that works well on the driveway . entire family likes it comes with a bag !
michael jackson at his king of pop prime , what else needs to be said ? worth the money all day long .
most people think that this story will be sad because she has cancer but it's not , it is very romantic
i was concerned that the fingerprint reader wouldn't work , but it consistently works well . i would definitely recommend this item .
super rugged and tough . great for entry or outside of front door .
i am enjoying my case . it protects my phone very well . i would recommend this site for anything anyone needs
i am not much of a movie watcher but this one kept me in my chair through the whole movie
was a very good book ! i got it free on my kindle and the description looked interesting . definitely would recommend !
this sword is awsome i love it and its captian hitsugaya's so you know it rocks
we love the fruitiness of the candy and that they don't stick in the hot weather !
nantucket sleighride is the greatest song ever recorded and that song alone is worth the price of the album . enjoy !
great book had its ups and down . it was just really short , left me wanting more lol
this cute little horse with his movements and sounds made everyone in the room smile . definitely worth the money ! fun !
the puzzle was great . looks very nice . is in a frame . very nice as described . came in time . i love it . thank you
works well and looks great too , fits the surface tablet very well . i would tell eveyone to get one great
this works exactly as advertised .
incredible , pure and made with soul . best purchase ever ! things like this must be listened wit care and time . you'll be happy !
works well
it's a good book , affordable , arrived on time . filled with lots of good information . easy to read , fairly short chapters .
we have no problem with this bulb . it reached us in excellent condition and it works great .
guthrie govan's guitar playing is out of this world and the whole band is very talented and sound great together !
this is one of my all time favorites and when i saw you had it on sale , i coldn't resist .
this is a good book
love it ! natural a pleasing lemon scent . did not like the idea of spraying the aerosoles inhaling them .
a good read and a very interesting beginning ! this is a new story line , i wonder where it will lead
this game is awesome i can make or destroy anything . awesome game you should get it best game in the word
excellent quality and perfect for my coloring
i love my iphone wallet . it is great when you do not want to carry a full handbag . great price !
if you are interested in realism drawing this book will put you on a right track
it is a good product for the price and i will definitely buy again . i liked it very , very much .
perfect
fits rails nicely and an awesome price to boot !
it's very stylish . my granddaughter enjoys putting it on her doll on rainy days . what's with six more words required .
much better than i expected given the price . really like it !
granddaughter loves this car .
wonderful product
i love this game . it is really fun to accomplish the tasks and shop and travel . i do recommend this game .
it's going to look sick on my boyfriends cutlass . i got it days after purchase . he loves it
it's always fun to return to a familiar place with a new focus . characters are well worth the deeper exploration .
my year old loves spider man she loved this spider spud it was a great buy !
quick ship . love these tubes .
i love karin slaughter ! her books are awesome ! i sure enjoyed the book ! it was short , but a great read !
well manufactured switch that is easy setup and a quality product for small to mid size business use . price is right .
a truly insightful book that is ideal for anyone who is dating , engaged or married !
i live on main street and don't like the idea of my cap being unlocked . this was a great solution .
this thing is awesome ! it keeps me from getting too hot through the night and is the relief i needed !
charges my galaxy nexus very fast . handy since the phone power doesnt last when you are using it a lot
i certainly hope that this author continues to entertain us with her writing . very church appeal , needs less in this area .
this workout dvd is perfect for everyone because it has everything from low impact to high velocity exercises . thank you !
finally , good quality and fit for my sr
this charger works great . it met my expectations .
goog
excellent value . cover is quality made and i expect many years of usage . very nice fit . i highly recommend it .
great sandal ! we love the fanning reef sandals . the bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy all the time .
i love this scale . it is very consistent . i would completely recommend this product . very good , especially for the price .
this color is discontinued so i was very pleased to find it .
vogue magazine is a wonderful app for my kindle fire . it makes a great closet of colorful and deisigner cloths
bought this item used and am very pleased with it . for thge purchase price here in alaska new is .
this product is definitely not meant for a child's room ! it is perfect for the spare room or for adults !
i have it hanging in my key , and it is really a compact collection of tools , you will like it too
year old daughter loves all things munsch . another great addition to her collection . also consider the paper bag princess .
riddles galorethis is a challenging yet fun gamei would recommend this to everyone . go play it now people
what a lot of great information and down to earth strategies with full explanatuions . super helpful for the novice older rider !
arrived fast , help learners to easy japanese . also comes with cd it is a good deal too . i recommend it
fantastic kit
fantastic
adorable dress , but size runs a little small .
easy to setup and use . software was stable . post editing was a breeze . simple file managementoverall a good product .
this is used for a projector application . this was easy to install and worked great with no configuration at all .
great movie and message . everyone should see it and start thinking . we have a mess ! good value and fast service .
book and movie great ,
i love the way this mug holds liquid and solid and gas with equal efficiency and panache . get you one !
great movie with fabulous actors . hilarious and serious , heart wrenching and heart warming . highly recommend , especially to anyone with a quirky family .
it is a great product , very useful . it works perfectly . the night light is great and very clear . great product .
the ramien was wonderful . great product and i was so happy to get them . it arrived much sooner than expected .
like the popsicle mold , but did not receive the recipe ebook , and no indication of how to get it .
amazing how often these have filled in as an extra hadn since i got them .
i was surprised at how big it was ? it works great for any sized cup ! it is very durably made !
my year old son downloaded this ap . he loves it and plays on it everyday . he highly recommends it .
excelente
it works very well , it does what i wanted this device to do . excellent product and price . saves over watering .
i received this item in a timely fashion . the packing was good . i was very satified .
fun game ! wish the cards were a little thicker but a good product for this day and age disposable .
fun movie . after a long , hard day at work , this movie will definitely lift your spirits ! ryan reynolds is brilliant !
the title . says it allloved every book can't wait for the movies ! could not put the books down ! loved it
cheap and it does the job , made in china , but fit and finish seem adequate . stars would buy another
i recently started riding a scooter to work and needed a nice pair of boots . these did the trick !
gripping . i loved it . such a strong girl . we complain about trivial things and don't realize what people have endured .
perfect for teaching life lessons to young children . we own the paperback . it's a keeper for the generations . great book !
its a good gamenice graphic and nice soundhmm , but when playing nfs the run hours , i feel dizzy .
just what i needed at the time . thank you for making this song available . loving it and looking for more .
great book , agains from this author ! she never disappoints ! can't wait to read more books ! god bless and jesus saves !
the entire series really shows you how our political system works and why there is no real progress in government .
love organizing by colors , makes it very personal . slow on updating . freezes sometimes . over all good app for your tweeting
another great cd .
just what i wanted . these are clean quality fabric . love them and i am going to order more stes
works great
great cleaner for the hoover rug shampooer . we use this often with dogs in the house !
just as pictured and looks great . meets what we needed to hold canes and umbrellas . great for the price .
i love cooking with coconut oil and i believe that it helps my health skin and hair . i would recomend
this book is a must for any architect or lover of classical architecture . it is beautifully illustrated and well written .
love it ! easy to put together and works great !
i got this as a gift , my brother loves it ! he wanted a chair for camping and this was perfect !
the item is really big , i didn't think it was this big when i got it but it's really cute .
this whole series was so many levels of perfect . i loved everything about evetything ! i couldn't get enough of it !
very nice look and great features
i regularly order used cd's mostly christian music and have never once been disappointed . i shall continue to do so .
i love jigsaw puzzles ! this is a very interesting not the traditional puzzle pieces ! which makes more challenging to complete !
works great
good price , good product . i put it on my bicycle , and now i more protect during my trips thank you .
work great love great bass and mids and lows , so yes love dem there grea headphones live them alit
i am excited to complete my halloween costume with this pretty necklace ! and excited to see the hobbit in theaters
this book was very helpful and an easy read . i read it in one evening without pulling my hair out .
received it quickly . product is great and the color is perfect . all in all , it's all wonderful ! i'm happy happy happy !
removed the stock fans and put this one in . it's a very quiet fan . looks great in my new build .
this product was as described . thank you very much for the product . works like it was intended too . very nice
loved this movie ! i have watched it at least times since i received it .
above average . best tracks , just tah let u know , sippinon a , and wut would you do , which disses death row .
if you are a xena fan you must get these dvd's they are fantastic !
great movie
fine insuation and virtually unbreakable . the twin pack is a real bargain . highly recommened for any brand machine . nice appearance .
i really enjoyed stealing jenny ! i finished it in days . it kept my attention and was an interesting read . good story
very comical lyrics and catchy tune . i will keep an eye on this artist i expect great things from him .
this is a dictionary of skratching techniques , not an instructional dvd like do it yourself skratching .
i love cookbooks , love to try new recipes . especially breads and muffins . what else can i say , greatbook to have
gave this for a gift and it was a nice shirt . it was priced very fairly . glad i bought it .
this skirt is so pretty ! and the fabric is so soft ! i am very excited to wear it ! great purchase !
they were a very good read . will start the other collection when i finished this mystery i am reading now .
very different from other paranormal stories . the characters jump out of the book and into your head . i am hooked .
this is the best performance protein on the market . plus it tastes great !
another excellent story from alison kent ! it was a heartwarming read . i am excited for more stories from hope springs .
great debut novel about a touchy subject in our society . i'm looking forward to future works by james w . lewis .
amazing . plain amazing . i'm speechless . it comes to a point when writing gets so good , it can't get any better
i like steve's tv show and enjoyed his book . it should be a must read for all men and women .
love all her books . a winner as always . i'm glad she's back to having a female protaganist after the lacuna .
enjoyed this book because of the way he weaved all of the characters together . kind ofa james patterson style .
received it very quickly and the person i gave it to as a gift loved it . may order another one .
if you are a ny football giants fan . you got to have this ! take it from the skullcrusher ! go big blue !
this is an annual must see ritual for the . family . a classic that should be a part of your library .
fits the nano perfectly . sturdy design . the clip seems to be strong . i would buy another if i needed to .
great books i really enjoyed these books they really lead you in to many different crimes it is very interesting
really nice ! i enjoyed the purchase and the return time for the item was in a quick and fast fashion .
any connoisseur of comedy has to love this wonderfully written , thoroughly researched , and very comprehensive book by a first class writer .
this is a great product i would recommend this to anyone . it was exactly what the seller described it as .
happy with these sneakers . high quality . wearing it everyday everywhere . for year still like new .
such a great game i rate five stars there's a lot ofcostumes that you can buy with diamonds and money
this was purchased as a gift for my dad and he loves it .
i have read all of the joe dillard series . i am anxiously awaiting further books by scott pratt !
great
seems to work fine for freeing up space . helps clean out the clutter . i recommend this app for any tablet .
havent used it much yet , but this is the knife i ever seen
absolutely lovely scent .
great show . love john goodman and louis is one of my favorite characters
love it ! would not go back to the peel and stick kind . awesome that it heals itself , would order again
i love these . sturdy , pretty and above all useful .
this game is . so grate very fun and entertaining i can spend hours playing it and not get board
it works well and seems to be a reliable pedometer . i'm very satisfied with it .
i got this for my sister for her birthday . she loves it . matches her decor and is strong and sturdy
i use it to make home made goop for biking . i saves a tonne of money .
most comfortable tennis shoe i have ever owned i even bought my wife a pair . she really likes hers too .
great movie , much better in hd for the extra buck . i do not need more words to explain my review .
jim carrey is a good comedian the movie is very funny had me laughing from beginning to end . thank you
i like the exercises in the book to develop my storytelling for my audiences and presentations at work . highly recommended .
they are original and real to watch . i collect them all , if i can . going to get them on dvd .
this is only brand of pajama's that my mother in law likes . i have gotten them love assortment of colors .
a very fun and great game . play with the simpsons favorite animated t . v characters .
i chose this rating as it did have a lot of little pieces but was nice when it was completed .
this has all the tools i need on a daily basis , and is not too big in your pocket .
yeah now this song was great . made feel melancholy . still dose to this day . i liked most of her music .
works very well .
dimensions and strength where correct . good small spring that i needed . using it for bed leveling system in my d printer .
great for daycare . each child gets their fav color .
it is a little hard to get it out from the clip . the phone is well protected by the case .
continues the tradition . eagerly awaiting the next . wether it is nobler of the mind to suffer the slings and arrows .
was fine for storing towels and sheets . i needed a linen closet and it did the job . it looks nice .
unorthodox jukebox is a very good album . a little bit of james brown , prince and notable people he invisioned .
i got this for my niece to help her someday remember her grandparents . yes , they are still alive .
greeeat book ! real page turner i'd highly recommend this book to any reader of any agebrilliant ! simply brilliant
one of the best brushes i own and i own too many . beats the baby buki from bare minerals hands down !
i have a lot of running shoes and these adidas microbounce are awesome kicksgreat looking , great fitting and great price
very fun and my kids love to watch him blow his topand see the next souvenirthat pops up !
they look great , and are true to fit . they are very easy to put on . sorry i waited so long .
cutest little outfit , the flower snaps off so onesie can be washed . it is even prettier in person ! totally recommend .
nice for nipples and clit good quality and good price
these belts put my aquabot t rc back into service . very easy to install too !
beautiful bag . i mean just gorgeous . not too heavy either .
will buy again in different style . didn't know amazon . com had such cute clothes and they run pretty true to size .
i really enjoyed this movie . a bit scary because it is a true story .
this is a great case ! it is well made and i love the option of flipping from vertical to horizontal !
the yorkie is so so cute . valentine's gift for my daughter . she loves it . the ribbons are adorable . she's very happy .
purchased this as a second control it works great very happy with it's performance .
not many air compressors will do this , great product , i think it will work great for any project . go work
this tea smells great and has a mild taste . a good desert tea . the white chocolate is not over powering .
trimmed easily without a lot of stringy whiskers hanging on and easy to manipulate a great addition to any crafting project !
an energy booster for the milleniu
it was everything it was advertised to be . my grandson received this for christmas , and he loved it . nice blanket .
i looked at some of these dvd cant not wait to look at the rest
very informative !
i love it . very good pigmants i am very happy that i bought it . i recommend it to every body
watch came in a very timely matter and its beautiful
best ever ! love it ! put it on the side of my window on my jeep . i get complimented allll the time !
easy to fit and comfortable to wear . good and nice streching for every night . recommend for someone has bunio feet .
worked for the kids and the grandkids . can't beat the basics .
this app was very user friendly even for my year old grandaughter . loved it greatly and so does she .
i ordered it for my mom . she had knee replacement and this is perfect for her therapy . keeps her mobile
wanted the song , got it . downloaded easily an quickly with no sound distortion nor loss of any quality of the songs ,
fast free and fit phone perfectly . oh and it was cheap . cant beat that . not even with an ugly stick
this works great and is easy to use . does the job and is not harsh like boiled water on binkies !
awesome , simply awesome . a game changer even for a handicapper .
great for a soprano sax but even greater for an ewi . light but sturdy , and the price is great ! amen !
i have read about of lee child's books and have appreciated them all . you will enjoy them for sure .
have planted them very happy with the condition the seeds were in good quality . looking forward to a good harvest
works with my mid macbook pro . no kernal pacnics and very easy to install . computer boots and runs faster .
two thumbs up , the everholder broom is every bit the item that i thought it would be , very quick service
this is the best cd that i've ever heard about and you must have it
good product , like the picture , the necklace is in a good quality and nice looking . shine and nothing else to say .
great product .
nice big container , and very clean , i hopee to buy more for them in the future if they want more
i bought this as a gift and it was well received
just what i wanted and you were the only ones who carry it . i have these on all my doors
you shound make some new guns and new sword's and some new maps and more quests side quests that is
will order in future bigger size ! growing teenagers ! fits nice ! color is perfect ! will order more colors and bigger size !
okay game . for time killer . and we all know these answer but the pic can throw you off . fun for the family
thanks for the wonderful service and helpful book it will be so helpful in my research and info about plants .
did very well granddaughter used them for bows for pets to take to groomers to sell .
arrived on time in perfect condition . i got the bag to go with it i highly recomend it .
very educational and informative with great photography nature in all its splendour ! a very good buy !
great book , i wanted to know what connects certain nerves to each horn cell . since i now have als . garry
funny , largely new information for an american ! delivered quickly !
worst part about this boot is trying to keep them clean .
like the producthappy with ityes i would recommend it . neck less arrived in perfect condition to the house .
this was a christmas gift for my husband and he loved it . it was a very reasonable price also . thanks
it was well written . i had a hard time putting it down and would return to it every spare minute .
works exactly as promised . no issues . easy to set up and use . prompt delivery . would definitely recommend to a friend .
this guy is hilarious . ahmed the dead terrorist is brilliant , but the rest of his characters are just as good .
i bought this for a friend who had never seen it before , but has been to the restaurant in florida .
this coffee is awesome and the fact that is has more antioxidants than most green tea is great .
this product is super easy to apply and i love the matte finish . i would definitley order it again .
as i have stated previously , another home run . best books i have had the pleasure . to read . thanksjohn h . kuhl
the ball arrived on time and was not too difficult to inflate . it seems tough enough for my pounds .
i would have to say if you are going to get this movie i would get the spechial addition .
these wrist guards work very well in protecting my wrists from bruising . they're easy to slip in and out of .
beautiful and has all the whistles and bells that i wanted . could be a little larger of a play area
this was an easy fix . i am so glad that i gave this a try . my picture looks brand new .
fast pace comment on why government needs to be kept small and limited . power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely .
book was in very good condition and shrink wrapped . also shipped and received very quickly .
love it . everything i expected from amazon . no flaws . would highly recommend if your a fan .
capper does a really good job of crimping and sealing my beer bottles . aaaaa worth the price for all bottling .
fun but frustrating lol it's definitely a game that will take time to master , but it'll be fun to master
this app is free and has great options and information ! there is nothing to quot buy quot into just install and enjoy !
excellent price . i have had no problems with these cables . i've been using amazon branded hdmi cables for over a year .
as described . charges quickly . both plugs work well .
i gave the set to my grand daughter and she loved the books . she has had no trouble reading the books .
product was awesome ! i love silent hill , and everything about the franchise . thanks for an awesome story with amazing artwork !
very nice ! i wish they were cotton it's not super soft but overall a very nice set of hankies .
true to size . i order a size . but i needed an . you will love the shoe .
this is my favorite video that i have bought so far . great workout in just minutes .
good book
the person who wanted this was happy to receive it . he kept this pair , and the other i reviewed today .
great product . this is one of the best screen protector's you can buy . these are the only protection i buy
my husband had to assemble it . i tried but couldn't . it's a good sturdy stander .
like the rest of the ultra pro products , it's good at what it does . simple clear .
this worked out great for us . worked great still does . compared to buying else where the price was great . great buy !
great stuff , very light . excellent sunglasses .
really enjoyed the book and passing it on ! a good clean book form all ages to enjoy . i highly recommend it .
since we still use vcr takes , it makes rewinding them easy and it saves extra wear on the video player .
was a very good book , enjoyed reading it . a friend of mine recommend this book to me . glad she did !
looks fantastic ! great quality . very elaborate packaging to protect product quality . will recommend to other and will purchase again soon .
the cd arrived in perfect condition and brings back great memories . sound is perfect .
i found the book lovely and the instructions are clear . it would be great for a dollhouse enthusiast or needleworker
this is the best show ever ! must watch for everyone ! love cast and love the storyline ! can't wait for more !
very good book . kept me glued . i could not put it down . i would definitely recommend this to other people .
they fit right my father love them ! the are very nice ! they are very comfortables for walk ! he like them !
i wasn't sure i was going to like this but was pleasantly surprised looking for more by catherine ryan hyde !
exactly what it said it was going to be . . . . great product . . . . .
cant complain about the targets . you shoot and they make holes . easy to see your hits not too pricey either !
love the mirror effect ! would recommend them to others . great quality at a great price . keep up the good work !
the person i purchased this for loved it and recently asked where i purchased it from . it's time to refill .
the item was just what i need and condition was new . also it arrived early , i am well please !
the item is exactly as i expected , a quality tool and at a good price . thank you for your request .
a side v . lenny d mix v . progressb side v . lenny d vox mix something wonderfultrack times are not listed .
paranormal public was a fantastic book i loved it all the way can't wait to read the rest of series
these were exactly what i thought they were going to be and super cute ! i highly recommend getting a pair .
i haven't been using it that long yet , so far about month , but i like works well for volume .
i love this book it is awesomeyou should read it love itget this book you will love it
i purchased this book for my husband for christmas it came on time and in good shape . i was satisfied
perfect
i got it for my daughters makeover birthday party and its tinier than i expected but has lots of colors !
oh please ! i hope it's tough enough to hit someone over the head with !
easy install and looks great on my limited crewmax
i was very pleased that it arrive so soon . this made my life a bit much easy . thanks again .
perfect size , shape and function but can easily challenge the weight restrictions of airlines when packed . quality can't be beat .
love these sandals i have pairs different colors of course !
it's just such a great deal for all my favorite movies ! my heart is literally all a flutter ! so happy !
not only is the dvd set awesome , but so was the shipping and quality of item received !
wish it allowed more data for the money . but long as you don't download videos , you're ok . easy to use
kills the ants
well made and don't look too cheap either . picture is of the slightest bit pixelated though , but nothing to hurtful .
this was a good purchase . the game was in good shape and it was mailed within a few days .
liked just about as much as the ugly truth . she is a pretty decent actress and plays the part well .
always among my wife's favorite christmas albums , this mannheim steamroller matches previous releases for listening pleasure . she rates it highly .
fast paced and kept my attention from beginning to end . very descriptive author and made visualization an easy task . enjoyed !
delicious .
another great diana wynne jones book . i loved it ! but i love everything she writes .
great quality and good price .
they fit perfectly and keep the light from the tanning bed from my eyes ! plus they're super cute and comfortable !
this reminded us of courageous and fire proof . very good christian family film . totally worth the time to watch it .
simply gorgeous ! the most unforgetable music and the best voices ! an album for all time ! m . j . conrades
hosseini is an exquisite writer with very deeply emotional storytelling .
action packed movie from start to finish kevin costner and kurt russell keep you in suspense through out whole movie
this app does all i need for my simple calculations . big buttons are easy to use , and also to find .
really sped up my transfer speeds on my external hard drive and takes up very little space in my case .
my great nephew loved it and it is adorable . squeaks when you squeeze it . big and soft , good to cuddle with .
cuisinart , and amazon , thanks for all the purple options . and the mixer works great too , inspiring us to bake more
item was shipped in a timely fashion . item arrived as described . no problems . would buy from seller again .
very pleased with this radio pair except that i thought that it came with lithium batteries
this is a book that should be read by every tax payer in america regardless of the political party affiliation .
this is perfect ! this is exactly what i need it to hold all my memory cards . i love it ! a
nothing bad can be said about this controller . does what it needs to do . great build , durability , battery life , reception and weight .
absolutely perfect ! my fianc eacute e and i have been using it daily since we bought it and we couldn't be happier .
thoroughly enjoyed the book . well written with plenty of action and suspence .
beautifully written , without alot of risque things in it . back when a mans word meant something . i loved it very much .
this was a fantastic show that got canceled much too soon . please , sony pictures , put this out on dvd now !
stick with it for a little while and you'll begin to feel comfortable using it . there are tons of features !
what a great flashback to the 's ! this was lots of fun to watch all the episodes again !
a great novel ! the author spends time with each character and surroundings , putting you 'into' the story !
this same set up and all local sewing shops will runyou more . good standard blade and sized tool .
it was a richly told story with a lot of character development . it was interesting , fun and a great read .
very cute but slightly smaller than i expected . they'd make the perfect little presentation at a tea party bridal shower .
enjoyed it a lot will read more of this author .
for the price , we couldn't ask for more . strong suction . great attachments . big , powerful , vacuum . one recommendation buy accompanying earplugs .
so far these shoes fit very well no squeaking . fits very well
i would love for this book to be a movie . well written ! i couldn't put it down ! buy it now !
i love this updated version . i still think roddy mcdowell was better in original , but colim farrell was great ! awesome !
the yard rose was a good easy read . sweet romance is always nice !
great for organizing my puzzles and the compartments hold the pieces . my dog can not get to my puzzle now !
on time and fit like a glove . good overall experience . p . s . im pretty sure i got an extra hp from them
this book is wonderful . it gives explicit instruction on how to get children interested in reading independently . a great resource
this book was amazing i could not put it down even at work ! made my marriage a little more interesting !
exactly as i expected . very cute ! everything was just like the picture and i love the figure on my shelf !
very good camera , easy to install and works smoothly .
the opera glasses came immediately after ordering and the glasses are perfect in size , weight , and appearance for my needs .
great stuff .
made me happy , happy , happy . if you like phil and the boys it will also make you happy , happy happy .
this group is bound to become huge . song is an a this is something you should tell your friends about
i just finished the trilogy , very family friendly not a lot of cussing , good content , thought provoking .
this device works exactly as it was promoted . i recommend this adapter .
my son liked this set as he added more pieces to his collection of legos and the price was good .
no more drugs to relieve anxiety for us , all natural cure and it helps you sleep better . feel better naturally
if you love old rem , you must own this and the remastered murmur . they are bot amazing .
great results just wish they would produce a larger size ! excellent . leaves my hair with wonderful volume and texture .
a high quality product and a fantastic way to support the artist ! bought for my niece and she loves it !
i bought this product almost month now and i really like it . cheap and reliable , worth the money
these boots would be perfect if they had even a little bit of arch support . so otherwise they are fine .
love it !
unlike your typical brake lubricants , this one goes on smooth and dries with a tacky feel . so far so good !
it is easy to use . just wet it with the warm water and it will not fog up . good value .
this was a man gift for our class reunion . our colors , purple and white so this gift was a hit !
these bands do the job ! definitely worth the money . they feel like quality bands that will last a while . recommended .
very informative and an interesting read . i really like the way matt frazier put the sections together , flows really well .
maybe just a little less interesting than i expect robert whitlow to be , but still am glad i bought it .
this seems to work fine . i've been able to connect to the two devices i bought it for . word . word .
yea as the title says what more could you want . like being in between reality and dreaming here for you .
product is great . fits like it should . delivery was fast . recommend this product and seller
this bible app provides you with all translations of the bible for cross references as you study the word of god .
these look like snowflake jasper with a lot of white , not what i expected . they are pretty though .
just perfect as shown ! i looked at several before choosing this one and i'm very satisfied ! great product , great price !
my grandson loves this cute monkey hat and he says he loves the way it keeps his ears warm too .
too small so i had to buy elsewhere . i have returned this item also . but the quality was also very good .
purchased this replacement keyboard based on cost and recommendation . installed and worked perfectly as expected . no issues so far with performance .
the best of the series . very interesting and fast moving . keeps your interest . i liked it .
cheap price , decent shipping , and i've been using it for about a month now . works with creative zen gb player
it's exactly what i needed . would order again . how much more info do you need . this should be plenty . right . ok
this was a great follow up book . if your into steamy sex and revange its a must read .
this was a great book for helping to spend less money at christmas . i am trying this approach this year !
exactly as ordered and a great replacement for the porcelin coated steel originals .
this product is lovely , a sweet way to keep the skin smooth without harmful ingredients . great value for the price .
my son graduates this month , and he thought it was extremely helpful to prepare for officer candidate school .
this author always writes some crazy s . i like it though . it's one of those books you can't put down .
comfortable as bedroom shoes , but very smart looking these have been my go to walking preference all holiday . happy new year !
better than i would have thought for the price
great spark plugs ! for my high rpm b i wish i had that spark plug when i did my tunning
just what i wanted . delivered on time . will purchase again .
these are great cards for any one that is into zombies . will be used for initiative in hell on earth
awesome pair of shoes , long lasting , good quality . very please with this product , my kid loves to wear this shoes
excellent unit . happy end user , thanks
i love magic castle solitaire , and this is a very relaxing game to play , and i play it often .
loved the series left me wanting more from the author . loved the characters it was hard to put this down
good product , and price is competitive , i would recommend to fellow guitar builders and wood workers . really really i would
i've used expo products for years and they have always been top quality
the title speaks for itself . it's top gun , only now in d ! i'd give it stars if i could .
a real stand up and cheer for the usa in a dark hour .
they are what they are . what can i say ? they do their desgnated job , and they do it well . period .
best deal that i could find for these filters . seem to work just fine we've used them for years now .
works for me .
works great ! the air conditioner repair people want to charge . for this . easy to put in .
nice book . also these days there are a lot online resources , like at .
highly recommend it ! i just put it carefully and it works great . protects my gallaxy note and love it
i was in dire need a of digital scale . this fits the bill , without being overly technical . i love it .
excellent read ! loved the whole series !
this book has wonderful illustrations full of different people and jobs in a castle . my son loves it .
nice quality
great case , fits like a glover and worth the price . i am glad i bought this to protect . very happy .
this is a great product that i will continue to use and plan to buy from them again as needed .
the albums crazy words rock the fast rifs are so active you cant stand still
excellent for my i pad . it was what i was looking for at a great price . works wonderful for my use . great .
awesome toy . i've wanted it for a long time . the detail rivals the diamond selecthulks , except it's even bigger ! thx !
fast an easy and tastes great . goes together like peas and carrots . that's all i've got to say about that .
i get compliments all the time when i wear these shoes . i can walk all day in them . very satisfied !
very interesting plot with many unanticipated twists . the ending was somewhat abrupt and left me wanting additional detail . good book .
a true classic . one of the best and funniest movies ever made . i am so glad i own it !
i have been buying this horoscope for several years now and it is a great reference for all the signs .
i love this french press entirely too much ! i would buy from united brands again in a heart beat !
works great thank you i suggest buying it did the job and hold up great no more power issues here
big enough for all my gym stuff ! love the color so girly ! i highly recommend it to all of you
is it gonna be out later in ? around the time of the movie ?
this was a great game , but was a little disappointed that there werent many expansions . oh well . where's portal ? need . more . portal .
my husband just love the fit it is very nice and cool and washes great , i will buy some more
i absolutely love this series . these short stories fit in perfectly with the rest of her series . great , short read !
very very powerful and uses less water i think . i wish i've purchased this one long ago . makes your work breeze
good merchant , delivery early than promised . but the double side adhesive not bond well to any surface
great book the applications are easier then i thoiught as i am such a newbie with the technological stuff . brilliant
excellent . great fit and my son loves them . warm and comfortable . it arrived early and very impressed with great service .
i really like this game . it's challenging , but easy to play . i would recommend it to any of my friends .
this is my second order . effective and pleasant . good adjunct for any bathroom . a strong endorsement from here . ! fine fine
good colors and mind blowing zoom . the stabilization is the stuff of magic .
works exactly as desired works well for the hour period that i use this on patients each and every day .
the book is very nicely designed and made . the contents are interesting , although not what i was hoping for . useful .
rockford fosgate p x bd punch channel amplifier is the best i love it works like a champlots of power plays clean
this is a perfect addition to the fold and go stove . exactly what i needed for my basic cooking purposes
this is a good beginners book . a nice resource with lots of different ideas .
if you liked the music of this movie you will love this cd . the quality of the recording was fine .
it is very easy to warm up the frozen pizza it islike getting pizza fresh from the oven
pants look great . perfect for a night out , and the price was amazing for 's . can't wait to wear them .
i order because we have a big family . they were perfect . i suggest you try . i think you will agree .
this film is sweet in some parts and good in others . i recommend it
actually , this unit does more than i thought it could do . it has been a very good purchase .
terrificly crafted and painted pieces for a historical chess set . we couldn't be happier with the quality of this product
me gusta , pero me parece que no hay muchas canciones nuevas . pero vamos , es un conazo si te gusta mecano
very good for grip technique .
one of the best books i have ever read . interesting weaving of history , family strife , and interpersonal conflict and triumph .
it's apple . it's and ipod , it's great . ipods and iphones need wrist straps ! why don t they have wrist straps ?
these look like ceramic plates ! perfect for the head table at our summer wedding ! love them !
simple , yet challenging game that has appeal across age and genders . fun to play alone or with friends or grandchildren .
i enjoyed books and . is there a available ? need more info on the budding movie stars . thanks
lots of great pictures . a nice review of a person's life who is still sorely missed by her fans .
good music , very uplifting and fill me up with praise . this young girl sings this song with a heavy anointing .
i love all of the story from the bible they help to give me a visual when reading the bible .
nice
must have book for the beginning fire user . my wife used it to get ideas for her ipad three more words .
tastes good and is good for you .
any witch central book gets stars from me . love them
this will burn your skin when touched , but will also allow you to make electronics . dangerous yes ! effective yes !
the cable arrived and matches the picture perfectly . it works as expected and i don't have any issues with it .
i first purchased this from qvc found it cheaper here . makes my hair feel great , and thicker and much fuller
works great ! it is durable , handy , hilda the nook , ipad , ipod , iphone nd even the occasional book or magazine well
this movie was very action packed . i was hanging on the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next .
nice
this movie is on my top list of best movies of all time . and i watch a lot of movies .
i play this game every day ! ! highly recommended ! they've done a lot to improve the quality of the game .
these pouches are just like as though you got it done at a professional store ! i highly recommend it !
awesome ! love them , they made a great gift for a doctor who fan ! they are really good looking in person .
these look very stylish . they work perfectly and i don't see any rusting yet after a month of use . recommend !
without the buying of the thick gripp bar , these are a great investment to get that thick gripp work out
quick shipment . the bag was exactly as described . just the right size too . always wanted a coach bag and now i have one
wont get a better pair of sunglasses . neff is the way to go . bomb glasses , bitches love the look fellahs .
it worked out great ! fits perfectly and charge up fine . i can now use the original battery as a backup .
well made
worth the money . the suitcase expands and is great for international travel . the quality is quite good . overall very pleased
received today and it feels great on the finger . the comfort fit is the way to go
i think this marketing is brilliant . and now they have my . . thanks pixar for making things fun again .
please come out with a new one . i cannot wait ! all his books are the best ! please come one out soon
have your children investigate every page carefully this book encourages self awareness and promotes the exploration of the subconscious
great product
these ink cartridges work very well and the price was right . very happy and will be buying more . thank you
great product . no issues . i painted it white and it looks even nicer . squirrels can't climb the narrow pole either .
perfect cost x benefit with a lot of features and amazing picture quality . really recommend if you like good pictures .
hi , my son likes this pillow , this is good toy for play too . i'd like to buy more nappers animals .
this book is clear and concise . it is a quick read with some powerful messages . it is definitely very motivating !
good product , good service . i write a lot of letters to folks in various countries . this is what i needed .
my sife was able to go back a watch parts she had missed during the original airing of the show .
this book kept me interested and curious ! i wasn't expecting what was going to happen . i highly recommend this book .
a very nice and quiet fan . easy installation
great music , great to dance too , especially all those turns and twists and with the right partner . out of this world !
i have loved this movie since i was a child , and now my daughters love it , too . very catchy songs .
great plot , easy to read , after a while i couldn't leave the book . a nice mix of romance and drama .
has what i wanted . information that i wanted in a way i could understand and put to good use . o . k .
this is a great product ! it is sturdy , easy to put together and is exactly as described in the description !
great live recording at billy bobs ! recommend stoney larue to anyone who likes laid back texas country music ! rock on !
book is in excellent condition . hard to believe it is used . quick , reliable would use this vendor again .
covers the basics very well . i've had it on my shelf for years and have reread several times .
my grandson really likes this black duffel bag . he uses it a lot . thanks , derrell wright
these are my go to books for healthy recipes , much easier than trying to sift through the internet to eat healthy .
my yr old granddaughter loves it . the only dvd she likes better is the classical baby music dvd .
perfect fit for my retriever and it really made walking with her easier , no more pulling ! would recommend for sure !
fashion , style , class , nothing spells success like an invicta wactch ! this model looks great with all my suits . highly recommended .
great upbeat song . gets the blood pumping and makes ya wanna bob your head involuntarily . i need five more words .
the cover offers very good protection for your kindle and at a very good price compared to the computer stores .
what a fantastic read . only complaint is you cannot easily flip back and forth within the kindle version .
nice case for mt pantech marouder . snapped right on and i have gotten a few nice comments about the case !
i loved death of a bankster and am waiting for the next book in the series . it's a good read !
this is a very heartwarming and enjoyable movie . i really seek out family and marriage oriented entertainment .
this is the perfect toy for our granddaughter . quiet . unbreakable . this is the perfect toy for our granddaughter . quiet . unbreakable .
this is a very cute book , great for a twin book collection . but i wish it was a little longer .
bought two sets and a serving set for my son . we found them to be durable . also very attractively made .
i loved her song on the kennedy awards and just had to have her cds . her quivering voice is exceptional .
these shorts look and feel great . the crotch is not to tight and the length is perfect for my size
well written and inspirational . it was a good little book and i would recommend to others . enjoyed it very much
both my wife and i like it . fits well and a good quality . and did we mention the great price ?
great product for a great price ! fits good easy install , although it took me one messed protector before i succeeded .
i haven't tried this food personally , but it smells like cat food ought to , and my cats really enjoy it .
this along with the other two books i purchased are a great asset to the church choir .
i bought this for my son and it is his favorite football movie . he was very happy go get this .
a really good feel to the controls , using touch and tilt to produce a good bowling experience . well done pbagreat
my german shephard loves this so much she plays by herself with it
the recipient called me while he was eating a pear ! he loved it . i would recommend it for gift giving .
could not put this book down . loved it loved it . this is nicholas sparks best book yet . would recommend it .
cute but the sizes run a bit small .
very well made seems to work better than expected .
this product is wonderful for someone who works in the funeral home field and enjoys old cars .
i love the taste , it mixes easy , and i personally think its defiantly helping my body . great buy . . .
as an amatuer musician , this was a master class of vision and sound for any eagles fans .
what can be done with computer graphics today blows the mind . i love this guy and his work .
the color of the summer ! a cute seafoam green blue . color loved by many ! its compliments my skin tone very well
my child has a guitar . this offers great protection , and has give . easy to load in car or closet .
on time per info ! works great with the k cups ! would recommend for the savings of cost over vue cups !
great appearance . i like it . but i have to say the sound of the tick is a little bit loud .
typical heath . the best in musicianship and arranging . i expected nothing less .
for the price , this cushion is comfortable and works great ! the heat is great on cold days .
cute for babies , toddlers , and preschoolers . requires a download and install of adobe air upon opening , but it is free .
extremelly recomend . does worth it ! nice strap . the case becomes a vertical pedestal , easy to fold down . nice price . buy it !
great story and music that the whole family can enjoy . munchkin land will always be a favorite . a a a
catchy songs good voice took country by storm , like lady gaga but different sound and music , good looking women as well
hi , i like the case . it is easy to put on and to take off . thank you very much . yea
one of the best product hands down on the market for my long colored dry hair , especially considering the price .
my son has been enjoying this game he plays it often and loves pac man
this is one of her best books . loved it and recommend it to anyone who loves to read nora roberts .
great value for money . fit nicely and very comfortable , think i will buy another pair ! made out of quality fabric .
seals well , these are strong clear plastice bags . i will reorder again ! good bags for the price ! i like them !
i have fine , thin hair . neutrogena clean volume enhancing shampoo does just what it says , and it smells okay , too .
i love this it is really only dollars per episode plus it has a very good quality , great episodes
this system was installed after a break in . it's been working great doors automatically lock and the alarm sets itself .
great product . it is exactly as advertised . i don't know what else to add . good luck and use it well .
great item . would recommend that anyone that has a use for this item , go ahead and purchase one . thank you !
this is a great program . mayhem live in ' ! however , i suggest getting the dvd rather than the vhs .
i use it all the time ! i don't shave without i ! thats how good this fogless mirror is ! great product
wish the series continued on ! fell in love with both sophia sebastian ! can't wait to read the bonus ending !
this was a christmas gift for my wife and she could not have been any happier with it . .
it is very durable and it matches with all kind of styles your would dress , any occasion suits perfect end
. these boots are super light and durable , easy to break in , as comfy as boots can be
great read . fast paced . reminded me of the jack reacher series by lee child . left me wanting to read more
this was a christmas for my wife . she uses it every day . great price and it shipped faster than expected .
my grand kids love this puzzle . it is easy to put together . very colorful and informative . this prices was very good .
this s classic is a definate cult fave . christina is hot ! the movement into the hardcore was an unexpected thrill !
i really liked the camera . its menu options are easy to use . piture quality is gr .
karic and liane were superb characters . this sequel to quot the knowing crystal quot was a must read for amyone .
this case is highly recommended for the ladies who walks the red carpet . great show off a party or event
i liked waching this type of movie and i got some others toogood to deal with you . thank u
erotic and hot read . i liked how the h transformed and the h was great .
my phone cover is excellent ! better than expected actually . fits my galaxy note perfectly , all holes line up , etc .
pretty good app . keeps my mind occupied while waiting for life to continue . lol . fun game to play . would recommend .
great product . great people to work with . a a a a a a a a a a a a a
this is a great book written with a lot of wisdom . andrew skinner has written this book for all readers understanding .
good tip , not the largest or thickest you can get but still useful in cupcake decorating . good price too !
i was surprised at how much this animated film touched me . would definitely recommend it and give it as a gift .
awesome game . it's a breeze cause it's tells you everything . once you get the game you fall in heaven already
this is a great vacuum cleaner , and a really good buy at half price refurbished .
es la mejor c aacute mara que se puede tener en pa iacute ses tropicales para disfrutar completamente de ella y de sus virtudes
great purchase . found my problem right away . easy to use . recommend it highly to other do it your self guys !
love this product . it does not smell and stops the pain fast . you don't need alot for it to work .
not too silky , not to thin , not too rough . wide enought to fit mattress . hasnt slipped off yet ! yo
if aren't already using these techniques , then this book will help you . if you are then it's great revision .
so nice
fabulous colors , great selection . applies beautifully . nice containers
good price and fast ship . it's not very comfortable but it's okay for inch mattress .
i got this to go with my new shabby chic style bedroom , and its gorgeous ! i would def recommend this .
have not tried any others but this one has been working fine so far . would get it again . good quality .
great workout . i am going to order another one for a friend .
i haven't dropped my phone yet , but the case seems fairly sturdy and was easy to put on . and remove .
love it it's easy to use and clean i have had other types of infusers and like this one best .
soft and sultry vocals and music make this piece just right for a romantic evening .
good way to introduce kids to hunting . maybe a little to much arcade like for older folks .
this is a great product at a great price . it's exactly as advertised and arrived with hours of ordering !
excellent customer service product arrived sooner than expected and exactly as described . thank you for great service
nicely done . great cd . i am impressed with the clean clear for something that is digitally remastered ?
gift to my friend who loves the show
this group reminds me some of death pie for cutie and a lot of bell x . i love their sound .
i keep it close to me just in case i need it for defending myself . my fiance bought it for me .
shirt is really cute but runs small . a womens medium would fit anyone that is a size or smaller .
good series .
this sequel isn't watched as much as the original but my grand children still like it . it still entertains them .
i have this on my giant ocr road bike . this inline cable adjuster kit provides an extra degree of adjustment .
this is a great product that makes my senseo more cost efficient to use . i can use my own coffee .
this is my grandson first pair of sliders . he really likes them . the size is just as told . very comfortable !
i love jackie's music very much , and in this albom the tunes are great . jack de jonette plays drums here fantastic .
very good coverage of human perception of reality .
fast delivery and what was promised
this stuff is great . m makes my legs and arms glisten and give them that golden look . i recommend this product .
always wonder about angels being among usfaith and redemption yesthe characters are so well developed can actually see themkeep writing
we downloaded this to our ipad to entertain our year old on our hour trip . it was awesome !
cute little gnome for all of my red sox loving family members . i gave them as christmas gifts this year .
works get for my month old !
what a nice update on these webbed chairs . they are a little heavier than the old ones , but more sturdy
looks great and cute . my daughter loves it . it is exactly what she thought it would be !
i am enjoying reading this book . it is very informative as to the making of a marine officer .
looks great ! i got a size large for my daughter who wears a girls size . she is very happy !
i smile every time she takes another one down . i can't wait to see what will happen next . sweet revenge !
it is a very good book full of vital information . its easy to understand approach is very user friendly !
if you like and , you'll love no . in the series . great .
great educational value delivered in a fun show that our kids love !
great !
so easy to decorate the baby room . you can move them around without them losing their adhesive . highly recommended !
was leaving on a cruise , and needed the diffuser because i did not know what the blowdryer would be like .
nice
first book of the trilogy . terrific story well written great characters well researched . a most enjoyable read .
i enjoyed every page of this story . strong characters , the glimer of hope that grows into bright sunshine .
confirms the historical reality of jesus and provides confirmation of much of the info in the bible . jesus is lord
this comic was a great little read i enjoyed it though it could bare to be longer still very cool
these helped out but where i put them they fell over with just brushing agains one of them several times
these are perfect for your purse , or on a chain . great buy , will defiantly buy another one or two or three lol
dvds arrived in perfect condition . this is a fun workout and really does make you sweat
these earrings are very nice . just the right size . the stone is beautiful ! i wear them daily !
i really liked this book . it kept me interested . but it also left me wanting more . glad there will be a second .
growing well , waiting for some eggplant !
this game is really fun and addictive ! i recommend this game for people who like flappy bird or anything related .
perfect for safely securing a handgun , but quickly and reliably accessible in an emergency .
't wait to see what will happen next ! would recommend to anyone . i look forward to the next season soon .
it was a very dood product that has not broke since i got it which i think is very good !
i received dvd in timley fashion and it was in good condition . the shows were very good
this text was purchased for my daughter . we got what we wanted within a decent amount of time .
eventhough took a little long but it was well worth it due to the quality of the unit and price .
fantastic . great deal ! paul's tv was great to deal with ! would definitely deal with them again in the future ! thanks
very simple to use with a double name area , and very simple to attach , exactly what i needed . thanks again
so it staples like one expects . not much more to add . staff member happy so therefore , i am too
this sturdy roller is great for doing cross fiber friction to reduce muscle scarring . it helps with trigger points also .
very nice for getting tangles out without punishing your loved one . can be used on any dogs any breeds . thanks'
love to play on fb so decided yo download on to kindle . very easy download . fun for all ages . fun
i have gotten compliments on this shirt each time i have worn it . it is really pretty and good quality .
lol muito bom esse jogo , bem melhor que o pes , mas pra quem no sabe jogar eacute bastante dificil ! s
mandela a man of principles . one and rarely here of africa . son of africa . the world needs leaders like him
these thong sandals are great for the beach or the pool . speedo makes awesome , quality products .
i gifted this for my sister for this thanksgiving ! she loves it and making use of all options available . worthy gift !
beautifully drawn characters . wonderfully subtle . very engaging . interesting juxtaposition of the situations mom and daughter were in . it was delightful .
a fantastic game , didn't get bored once .
bought for my preteen and she loves it . colors were vibrant and the case fit her iphone very well .
does exactly what i wanted to do . really good quality too . must buy ! its the best dj cable out now .
this musical is timeless . it's good for all ages . it's one of my very favorite movies of all time .
i want more of these spoons now , it is so handy . maybe even some other type of utensils like these .
if you don't like this , you don't like music . this is such a beautiful piece and a perfect performance .
easy desserts that are raw and nutritious at the same time . ani's recipes have been a hit with my family
i love this book , it got my attention in the first paragraph . can't wait to read the next one
great product
great battery , lots of power . can weedwack my yard several times before having to replace it .
i have only used this shampoo on all my dogs . it is very gentle on the dogs skin .
yep , i love cappuccino and grove square makes some of the best . this one and the vanilla are my favorites !
good material and my daughter likes it . will definitely buy more from these designs . highly recommended . looking for other designs now .
right size . very well made . very pleased with the purchase price and the quality of the product . couldnt be happier .
nice . really cleaned out my kindle .
the item came sooner than expected and was in very good shape . i was very pleased .
vmoda makes the best headphones with the best , and i mean best , warranty and support policy in the headphone industry .
would like to read more from glen n and his talented brother wayne .
bought off amazon for a great price and so far it works great . wireless networking and all .
it's not the highest quality product but it does the job for me it seems hands free to me
this book was everything i love reading in a book . can't wait to read more of your books ! loved it !
exactly what we expected when it was ordered . very happy with this product and would definitely order it again . word
my year old loves tongue twisters and really enjoys this book . would recommend this book for some silly fun .
it shows how dictators treat those who put them in power from a family point of view . i recommend it .
good read , short but to the point . cant wait for book
it was perfect !
this is really fun to do with other people , i did this with my brothers and they had a blast
these stories depict what our armed forces are currently faced with in the real world . looking forward to jake grafton novel .
fits very well and very convenient to use and makes it feel more like a book
oh i love the phone very nice it works good thank you very much
i thought the effects were fantastic in this movie , but overall the film did not live up to its hype .
a great book about a reble stiner nice going , it was about time the stiners got their butt kicked !
these came with sets of the same pair of waring's . they are exactly what the picture shows ! lovely earrings .
the years have been kind to this disk , the melodies are timeless .
replacing the bulb was a snap ! tv is good as new . saved me from replacing the tv with , replacement .
the cookie jar is beautiful ! i am sure it will be loved as a present to my sister for christmas .
we enjoy having the additional board with accessories . it adds a nice twist to the regular monopoly game .
this is such an amazing uplifting song that i could listen to over and over ! amazon download was so quick !
i love the color and the material . fits the phone perfectly . all the jacks fit with no problem plugging in .
very glad that i purchased this dvd . received it about a month before he passedaway . will miss a good entertainer .
the best
i love this world , and it's much easier to read than some of his other books . it's quite a journey .
better than the one i was using . this one is much thicker , and comfortable . this thing is well shaped also .
great product i recommend to all who want a product that will last . easy to use and catches peoples eyes
lots of size options , good quality , sturdy units . i use these for my business and they have taken abuse well .
this is the only tea that i drink when i have a choice . the flavor is always bright and clean .
a good book that encourages listening to friends or others who are trying to help you .
they are kind of tight on my head and pull on my hair . serves its purpose though ! overall good product
i love greys anatomy ! season was just amazing ! the cast and crew were on top form for this season .
this machine works great . no more manually turning to make shaved ice . my children love it .
marsha stevens is a wonderful singer song writter . she is also a very sweet lady ! i love all her music !
i really enjoyed this book . i want to read the rest of the series . my wife is reading it now .
grandson loves to draw and paint and was very excited to have . would recommend to all looking to purchase an easel
great entertaining game
i was looking for exciting big band jazz and this bob florence album fits the bill nicely . well worth having .
i saw this , and wanted to order it . it was my favorite from high school . still remember all the words !
love the face that you can blow it out like a regular candle . its a great hit
this is an absolutely wonderful tool for teaching ages yrs the songs we all know and love as christians .
i highly recommend the sermon in a sentence series . short , pithy prose in an easy to carry pocket size for quick reference .
very inspirational , well written . this is an absorbing book that just can't be put down . i enjoyed it very much .
no new news , but great information to confirm what i already knew . great book .
thank god he has the family he does and will be the best person he can be , as an adult .
arrived quicker than expected , very colorful and length is great . im ' about fit perfect . awesome and very comfortable .
i enjoy the quality of this tea . i did however find this for a better price in my local store .
very entertaining novel could not take my eyes of the screen . from beginning to endkept my interest . five stars .
makes great coffee . much better than a pot . easy to fill , easy to clean . i highly recommend it
this is very cool item . im happy with it . i recommend this item . i can take it anywhere star's
i love the case because it is the perfect fit and it costs less than where i got it from .
like it fits real good ! i also like the full body tshirt bra and will be ordering them as well .
catches your attention from the very first page . a real page turner . interesting twists and turns . i liked it .
not so powerful but it would clear kitchen odor and some ventilation for the price . very good for small space .
cable works , good lockup and retention on the plug , i've seen much worse rj s but these work pretty daggum good
used this on a month hiking excursion . love all the extra pockets .
looks really great on my white car , radio still sounds great ! im gonna get more of these for christmas presents
beautifully written by a great story teller . i can't wait for mary and michael's return in the next book . thanks !
i will give it stars only because it doesn't have footnotes but overall its great its a must have
like all the books i ordered . they will be good reading . exactly what i wanted . thank you for the order .
my wife enjoyed tris shoes since se saw and now i shocks tell they look better than the picture thanks
great product
i used these for cc fine arts projects . they worked great and last a long time . the projects are fantastic .
magnet great holding on lid for old weber grill , works great recommend to any one without themo on their grill
simon pegg in another hilarious movie . easily as funny as hot fuzz or shaun of the dead .
good quality much better then battery d glasses . under minutes to charge . would recommend to anyone with d tv
i really loved this series . all of sherryl woods books are very entertaining and get you involved with the characters .
i had no problems with this purchase . i'm wearing my tatoos everyday for the super bowl . geaux saints ! who dat !
what an amazing story . it kept me on my toes ! so many twists and turns . loved it ! kept me guessing !
no problems porting my . audio from my panasonic tv to my av receiver . can't beat it for the price .
i got the product on time and it works as expected . i like the high capacity and the low price .
love anything michael buble does . if you enjoy listening to him , you'll love this collection of songs . three more words .
i bought to label my canning jars that i'm storing spices in . perfect for the look i was wanting to achieve .
i have sensitive and dry skin . this rosehip seed oil works fine to protect my skin . i use day and night
i just love this decal he looks great on the back window of my new car so thank you agian
this fits perfectly in my cabinet and i use it to help organize my spices ! love love love love it !
the history lesson was awsome ! not to mention the wonderful recipies . you should really buy this one . a real treat .
my earpods arrived in time and work perfectly , as described . have had no problems whatsoever , and packaging was reliable . thanks !
this eyelash curler has a great spring action which allows for easy grip release of your eyelash without sticking .
this was the best memoir i ever read . period .
dvd's works great ! i love the movie can't wait for the new gz to come out in may , hell ya !
love this book because it is a good love story . i would recommend this book to all who love happy endings
bought her a keurig for christmas . been sending her other brands and flavores . she likes this the best so far
can't beat the price of this product anywhere else ! can't be in a hurry here though . shipping is slow .
so unique ! haven't tried it yet but kids will love deocrating the mermaid . was used as a fun stocking stuffer .
son absolutely loves big bird , it is cuddly and soft , was just a little pricey ! but was a xmas gift .
he is still one of the most relevant voices of my time . i wish the world still worked like that .
a great compilation cd . it rocked , if you want to experience classic goth rock , this is a must have .
grate book . you should read it because it is the best plant book i've read . good book .
best flying dog toy !
majestic and idyllic scenes . setup is monday as the first day of the week . identifies geographic locations of all photos .
i liked the book . i imagine that this is someone's life . emma jean didn't get it . gus i liked . finished .
the book provides very practical , insightful , and easy to understand perspectives on forgotten and easily implementable practices for modern christians .
good book good price .
both thinks works good was more than i expected , the price was rigth and the quality is very good battery
these trays are great for making ice ! they work as expected . not sure what else there is to be said .
i like the watch , nice looking , dressy , elegant . reliable .
thank you so much for creating this app . easy to download . super easy to navigate the program on my ipod .
skinny , easy to store , and the three steps allows you to reach very high places . i love it !
excellent book !
it's so much cheaper and they work just as well as if i bought them brand new from the store .
another well written story interwoven with the outlander series , always leaving you with a hope of more things to come !
i am very happy with this filament . i have had very few issues with it and would recommend to anybody .
. , are they out of their minds ? love that mustard but not at those prices . talk about price gouging !
brings me back and also makes me run fast when i'm out with my ipod and turning mile . yes
i put that s on everything ! there's nothing better and of course it's heinz two of the best coming together !
totally love this case . great quality and offers that extra added protection against dropping . worth every penny !
great movie , pretty funny , has some gore , it is an old movie but it has all types of scary scenes
these are great . the fit is very good , and they do not cut into your legs . i would recommend this product .
the thing is bullet proof , looks good , and a great price . what else do these guy make ?
great seller . i still have to skip ahead through the stuff that my child already knows .
nonexxxx xxxx xxxx xx xxxx xxxxx xxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxx xxx xxxxxx xxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxx x xxxx xxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxx
fast shipment a fits great
does the job , though my hooks were missing the bottle holder .
it is very heavy and durable . love the hidden key pad
great book for nonprofessional . explains what diabetes is and related conditions along with what to eat . very good informative book .
a book with unexpected turns and conflicts . a page turning novel in the trilogy an easy read filled with excitement
very happy with the order . was expensive but was worth it . just what we were looking for . rare movie .
great surprise for my husband ! it fits true to suez , great color , good material . arrived on time and reasonably priced !
love this movie ! it was very easy to purchase and use . i did it all at school for my classroom .
a must read for everyone who wants long lasting success in the industry ! simple easy to understand and follow . awesome !
perfect for my needs , good size for taking anywhere . i have not run out of battery . just what i needed
excelente , claridad en el texto y muy buena informacion sobre los libros biblicosdesearia que estubiera mas contextualizada en espanol centroamericano .
this is soo amazing ! it works soo well and holds a pretty good charge ! it's a very good product . !
no problems . item arrived in perfect condition as advertised and on time as promised
i order the book and it came on time , it was usefull and was in workable condition .
it was exactly as picture showed , i love it !
love the lux series . great reads . very easy to get sucked into this series . you won't be disappointed at all .
this is the rd book i buy and again it came in real good condition , i can't complain .
nunchuck controller works great and it was delivered quickly but color is light pink , not hot pink like image shows .
this game is fun it makes you think a lot i like it better then the other ones out there
my son referred me to this book and it is a keeper . amazing concept amd so true . elaine in texas !
battery works just fine . my original battery went out on me . this battery works just fine for the price .
would have been nicer if the wipes were attached in rows , which would make them easier to store and transport .
these were perfect for my daughter to use for skiing . they kept her just warm enough . hot chillys doesn't disappoint !
another great book from sue grafton . kinsey millhone is such a unique character , and you just can't stop reading . loved it !
as a teacher , i found this story of the author's first year of teaching rd grade entertaining and very real .
loved the show . full of surprises , twists and turns . plus lots of fantastic acting . a classic to be sure . a
cute , true to size , and a great price
love this movie ! one of our family favorites ! the humor is clean and entertaining for both kids and adults .
very good . it reminds me of the native american so much . very happy with it . i will buy more for sure !
out of all the gifts my yr old got or christmas , this is his favorite . good quality , decently priced toy
this tea has such a great taste and a relaxing quality that is similar to chamomile , but much richer taste !
excellent
arrived in a timely manner , in great shape , and best of all , great deal ! thanks
worked
my grandson's birthday gift , which he loved . ita was not as heavy as the team jersey , but nhl began soon after .
i love it ! i really like it and keep using it . just buy it and you will never regret
used with the ear washer bottle system and elephnat ear basin , check the ear canal for wax , dried skin , infections
i love this little vacuum . perfect for quickly tidying up the place without having to lug around the large vacuum .
traditional mystery stories that should development of mystery and detective stories over the years . some plots are still used today .
layout very good performance easy to use very good signal reception , the drums very durable great sounding speakers , super recommended
much better than the original issue battery that wouldn't hold a charge after years . and for a great price ! thank you !
well written a good overview on the history of brewing beer in usa and the busch family over the years
easy to use , and if you take pregnancy tests often like i do , you cannot beat the price anywhere
worked great at the beach . great product !
great sd card , and great service from amazon , maybe they should be called amaz'ing instead ?
enjoyed every episode . hilarious cast of characters and plot twists that you will never see coming . i highly recommend watchng
i liked this cd first and formost the deserve more credit for being a great band for almost years
friend recommended . good book
nice to the touch it does not feel cheap . i will be back to shop here again ! yeah buddy !
this is a very powerful waterpik , and small enough for travel . certainly outperformed my expectations .
this is by far the best cd there is . i think that about sums it up .
great book about research flying . will make any pilot jealous who didn't fly during this time . well written aviation story .
this was a wonderful book . i would recommend anyone who is looking for a good romantic mystery thisis your book
good protection , perfect fit . i recommend this protector as top quality among other similar products . anger is a responsive company .
this replacement item performs without any probiems . it is as good as the original equipment . would reccomend this to anyone .
love them . very solid weight and are just as shown in the pics .
i like this product . it was easy to install . just be careful where you install it if you have kids !
the twists and turns of the story just get better and better .
good product . would buy again . makes my chainring stand out
good beginning , kind of wished for more in the storyline . a lot more adjective s and detail s are needed .
my son is going to love it . perfect forst communion gift . arrived when stated and in good packaging
this is another winner from mobilityware . i am so impressed with their games that i routinely search for this programmer .
this trigger lock is perfect for my purposes . it fits my home defense firearms securely and is easy to operate .
as riveting as the rest of the books in the series ! ends well but leaves me wanting more of course !
best case i've used . fits well and slim form factor . plastic back scratches easily
perfect for you is a beautiful story of finding true love . i couldn't put the book down . love great story .
great story . hard to put down . you will fall in love with louie zamperini and his friends . well written account .
this is really a great nonstick set of pans ! i can cook anything in them . really worth it .
bought this movie for myself based on critics reviews . was not disappointed . good movie with a great twist ending . recommend !
good storyline , romance and mystery , deadly offeringskept interest , few crammed type mistakes towards ending , did not take away anything .
i am special . i will beat up artemis because he is bad .
keeps my drinks hot for hours , keeps them icy cold forever . i'm buying these for all my coworkers
a very capable replacement remove for an old crt tv we use . easy to set up . big buttons . fair price .
met expectations . it saved me a lot of money . i would buy again . good place to purchase school books anytime
kind of weird to use . no learning curve however
excellent phone without new samsung galaxy s gt mini i works on g with digitel doing nice navigation
love it !
seems to be accurate . easy to use . a fair price for the quality . i am satisfied .
it's a darker red than i thought but i still like it .
i've had birkenstock florida sandals for years and finally decided to get some clogs for fall winter . i absolutely love them !
very good . it came in a reasonable amount of time . everything was there and the kids are already using it
this satin cap is very roomy and great for sleeping when you have quite a bit of length to cover .
after applying my makeup , i spray , and walk away . i'm good to go all day knowing that my face looks great !
lots of fun and a good description of early horse ranching in texas . recommend this well written book for all ages .
this will either bring back memories of playing at a golf course in ireland or make you want to go .
my son love it ! great bouncer ! would recommend it to anyone who wants their child to have fun !
the clips spaced every made my roof mounted hdmi cord look great . dare i say . my amateur installation almost looks professional .
great ball , but you can probably find it in a nearby grocery store for about half the price of on line
covers all those things you need to know to get started and more with your new camera ! thoroughly reccomended .
this product came to me quick and in great condition . i very much enjoyed the book ! thank you so much !
very nice case . thank you .
the pots are heavy but food tastes really good when cooked in it .
it was exactly what was in the picture . the color was pretty and the quality was pretty good . good deal !
this whole nineteen words is kinda stupid so blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah . done .
excellent for how it is ! great for the bathroom ! save me so much space and it look so fashion in our bathroom !
i wear these a lot ! thanks !
i think these are very calming when you have stress in your life . so smooth to hold on your hand .
if the christians and the pagans was included on this cd it would be perfect . signed , a self confessed lyrics junkie .
this book was so weird it was awesome i love it . sylvia u did good i love your books . keep them coming .
i watched this with my daughter . both of us like it . the animation is good and the plot is interesting .
this is way bigger than i thought it would be fits perfect above my bed i just love it
i bought the for mm and lr . makes a nice sound when hit , would love to have more !
loved it . i wanted to keep reading so i bought books and . loved them all i recommend these .
good solid product ! really easy to install . clean and goes well with tv and wall mount . definitely recommend this product .
shana is my favorite , great worship songs . love stories to our savior ! i cant wait for her next cd !
good price and we'll worth it . i wish i'd gotten a light box years ago ! it even has an ionizer .
can not go wrong with the ramones . i love this album and this band . listen to it all the time .
it is a very affordable unit and very effective unit for keeping my battery charged would recommend unitto anyone !
i find this item very satisfactory . my only problem is adjusting the volume not to get too much background noise .
it is a quality coffee that i enjoy very much . changing from a different brand . the taste is quite wonderful .
works fine .
this cover is perfect for my galaxy s the fit is tight , and the color is amazing ! bright lime !
easy and encouraging . my year old son loved it . i would recommend this to a child who enjoys drawing .
i enjoyed six months in montana . it kept my attention and was an easy read , yet hard to put down . thanks . florence
great collection of poetry , thoughts . from cohen . wonderful pick for anyone young , old and in between !
a thin attractive watch . goes well with business attire or casual . only wish band size was slightly larger .
how can you not love this book . the necessity of this message is critical in this hour we live in
nice shirt . sizes were true and it seems to be holding up well . it is lightweight roomy around the shoulders .
excellent on my tundra .
bought them for my granddaughter , she loves them so much ! now all of her friends want to have them too .
these three books were excellent reading ! i've enjoyed this series more than any other besides the original jane austen books .
perfect !
smart launcher is a nice dock . this adds notification counts to it .
exactly what i expected ! great tunes and love the live vibe ! three cd set has a great selection of songs .
i like it just had some trouble with the start and the gauges and lights other than that it runs .
this book will help my business so much for . i am going to buy her other book she published
it's a lot of fun . a bit time consuming and addictive but your bored time will be spent doing something .
this is a great movie . its one that you watch many times and not get bored . glad i bought it
egret shower curtain review i love it . clear realistic picture , great colors , good fabric , good fit in shower , great product .
it was freaking hilarious , but you have to be a fan of adam sandler flicks to really enjoy the video .
my daughter loves this game and it's amazing how you can talk to the dog and make her move .
i like it so much . it's exactly like the original one that i have lost and it's working really well .
it is good item to keep life from getting in the way of destroying a expensive piece of technology . bulky
have read both books in the series . good story without fancy tricks to fix things . can't wait for next book
love it ! wish i had found it sooner . it's just what one needs to protect the word of god . blessings .
just what i wanted for the boys . fits nice and love the reversable part of it thanks alot for these masks
this is really a great bargain . looks very nice and really protects the cell phone . i get lots of compliments .
perfect fit for me , great sound and awesome price !
any piece with kate winslet is superb ! there is always a proper amount of nudity .
great quality poster that includes a postive , encouraging , and true message for students . i purchased this for an elementary classroom .
works very well well and look nice , it is very handing for writing notes on iphone's and or ipad
my year old niece has ag dolls . these shoes will work for of them . thank u much !
i have a retro kitchen and i have been looking for a creamer that would fit in this is perfect .
this is a good book but it starts off with it thinking you already have some knowledge about music theory
very good quality . worth taking a look at if you enjoy forensic type shows .
beautiful watch . the bracelet band is very long and i haven't figured out how to shorten the band .
not much to say cable works as expected . plugs fit properly , signal is good despite the ft cord .
this is a great logic type game . the levels getting increasingly difficult and it really makes you have to think !
a lil smaller then what i thought but still very nice
very good book kept me interested
this item was very cute . all cardboard , but it was sturdy enough to do its job . i would repurchase again .
bought as a christmas present for my dad . he bikes a lot . these worked great and were a great value .
great fits through the holes on my bell helmet , bought them for the forks but they were too fragile .
i really dont know what it did or does for my truck , but i really like the way it sounds !
thanks . great !
love it .
they don't make music like this no mo' . sad
well made , sweet story . engaging characters . a nice balance of action and friendship . a good coming boys of age story .
good suspense .
best floaters i ever bought . strong and youcan fit two in an above ground pool . foot and above
makes me sweat every time ! i love it and i dont need another one but i want another one so .
very good protection
the cake topper is pretty with the amount of rhinestones i expected . i just wish it was a tad larger .
good price , good product easy to install looks nice on the car .
i use it all the time !
a series to watch ! smart dialogue , adult , witty and fast paced . intelligent , handsome characters that are real and relatable . nice !
simple and useful pesention of the abolicionist approach to animal rights . not an academic book as othe books by francione .
love this product happy with my decision . sound heres perfect coldnt been happier with this cable in this product .
i play minecraft and it is just like this game but who really cares this game is very good
good product
came fast . love this movie . would reccomend to anyone that likes on the edge of your seat types of shows
this album is good . worth the money .
so far , so good ! only problem was the collar frayed a bit after trimming end since i have small dogs .
works great . i am glad i was able to find some ink for my printer and save money too . thank you
this movie is an excellent send off to the original cast and the bonus features on the dvd are spectacular .
this product is fabulous and it certainly feels like velvet . i've purchase a few more tubes . i would recommend it .
wonderful uplifting stories . very easy lighthearted reading . i would recommend this book to any one who likes lighthearted stories .
love these lights they provide a nice ambient glow to my room perfect . exactly what i was looking for !
for the price this is a great light . been using it quite a bit and has worked well every time
this is the perfect scrubbing brush ! i even love it's color ! great for all kinds of jobs reasonably priced !
these batteries worked very well in phones . price was right . will buy again when i need more for our phones .
these pens are great . fine tip and a pleasure to write with . long lasting too . i highly recommend these pens .
great ! these shoes have a unique taste that my dog throughoutly enjoyed . they fit fine before and worked as expected
these earrings are even more beautiful in person ! i received them promptly and in good shape . i'm so , so happy !
this dvd tower is good for what it is . simple design and fits into tight spaces .
i was leary because of the price but they were worth every penny . i will be buying again and again
wanted something different for a boy's dorm . found this comforter in his favorite colors and then sheets to match . wonderful !
i love this book i will read this book over an over . yes indeed , i will tell orher about this book
i love the wide waist band . great fit , very functional running capris . wish i would have bought anotherpair or two .
i bought this dvd for my personal enjoyment . i own it on vhs . a fun film .
the battery cover were purchased for my son . they really came in handy . no more low battery with uncovered back .
just what my kid wanted
i've not encountered the de lamination issues other reviewers have mentioned . i love the drawstring laces very cool . comfy , too !
this is a must read for everyone . its a blueprint for success , entrepreneurship and building wealth . well done dr . kimbro !
should have bought one more set ! i use them for stacking my pots , skillets , stoneware and glass pans ! highly recommend !
it did not come with a watch chain for a man . i had to buy the men's watch chain .
i have really enjoyed the entire series so far . i cant wait to start reading the next book !
this book spoke powerfully into my life and expertly underscored the need for a reclaimed kingdom vision in he church .
very helpful in figuring out what to do for vertigo . will follow this the next time i have an episode .
worked as described .
i really enjoyed this fun read . just another example of fine writing . keep up the good work christina !
not much to say except the device is satisfactory at providing some light in a compact manner .
i received this case very quickly and i really like it alot , it does the job ! and love the color !
some great lessons , some basic stuff . good for beginner to intermediate player . good value for the money . usual homespun quality .
for my old ps , this is sweet and compotable . i waited for ps version cause of trophys . this is ok .
performed as expected , very satisfied . will continue to look for more specials on this product . my wife loves this brand .
very knowledgeable , evidence based medical perspective . i can tell the author is passionate which helps make for a more interesting read .
good item worth the money
after getting a thumbs up from an artist friend , i ordered this for my daughter . she liked it very much
the cd came in it's original , wrapped factory plastic . no damage what so ever . perfect mint condition . good quality audio .
shreds paper and credit cards just fine . shreds most junk mail in the envelope . doesn't like shredding cds . would recommend .
great book i would highly recomend it to anyone interested in world war ii
this is good clean fun for young people . our daughter loves it . this is your typical boy band but cleaner .
my son likes the music . he listens to it all the time . he will buy more again . thanks being there .
high quality backpack . it is a very tall backpack so if you are short . keep this in mind .
bought the set for our granddaughter's christmas present . she loved it . we've heard it's her nightly read . totally worth it .
very easy to hook up . great signal . easy to hide . direct connect to head unit . i would recommend this unit
needed extras for a kitchen remodel , these were new in bag and a great price . received quickly and well packed .
this book is unexpectedly delightful and very humorousa quick read that hold you attention . i wish it went on longer .
works as advertised and at a resonable price . item shipped quickly . like the idea of not needing batteries .
somewhat large fit . comfortable material .
can never go wrong with amazon gift cards !
i like the way they are packaged in the plastic sleeve it makes it easy to store on the boat .
this was a gift for my son inlaw and he loves it . i'm thinking of ordering another one for my husband .
it was what i expected , good fit for my bed . after a couple washes , they are nice and soft note
nuvi works well , but , some areas are outdated roadnames . other than that it works excellently .
great radar detector and a great price .
perfect gift
very interesting and the best complement for a marathon trail . i don't need anymore . i'm happy to buy it .
these are not the lame weak water colors used in grade school art class . colors are extremely vibrant . love it !
i have seen this film many times and highly recommendit . danny kaye is great in it !
sanuks are known for their comfort , and these are by far some of the comfiest shoes i have ever worn .
great visual guide for the coin collector who needs help with the grading their collection
cute and funny , decided that laughing makes life better so try it . they need more words than i have .
my favorite shave gel !
i love it
im looking just the frame of my canopy the size is x pls let me know how much . eugene pascual
great book brand new too came like the next day yehhhhighly satisfied and yeah it's good
this was a real page turner on kindle fire i guess it would be a page flicker . a really good story line .
really nice soap , i love using msm for my skin . it's kind of expensive for how long the bar lasts .
best book i have read in a long time . i found my self knowing who killed who before i read it .
just as described , very satisfied .
i enjoyed the humor mixed with the mystery . this is a fun little novel that is over way too soon ,
perfect . thanks so much . great christmas present . got a kindle fire and needed a good sturdy case . this was it !
it's a blast .
i bought this holster for my kimber target i i and is just perfect . my gun fits just right
i have been very satisfied with this camera , battery life , features , feel when taking photos .
my son i dance to the music then i read him the story .
i like it because it made from natural and one time drop on my cheek . consequently , red cheek all days .
thanks , great gift . fun project !
great practical tips for dealing with and year olds . easy read . made a difference almost immediately .
my grandchildren love all the books . it is great fun singing along . they love music and reading . these give both !
love this movie .
excellent detail , and the rug is an actual miniature braided rug nylon ? a must for any bully lover's tree .
we really are happy with this product . my son pushes it all over the house and loves playing with it .
so far the lamp is working very well . samsung bp a lamp with housing lti phillips
i love how great and helpful this app is although it doesn't seem to be working with live tv
wow i really like the stand very much . gotten a few good comments about it too .
this is a great movie depicting the struggles of a single mother determined to succeed against all odds . very inspiring .
it wasn't until i installed this modem that i got the upload and download speeds that i've been paying for .
works perfectly with lavolier mic
from his youth and throughout his entire journey to conquer the world , the book really shines . i loved every page .
third book from amozon . making artisan . pasta . need to make room some where fpr all this cooking . hope it works out .
i have gotten these before from austrailia very handy for beach or river trips ! great for winos all over the world !
the msde was received by due date in excellent condition !
item was advertised and the instructions that came with it were great . i got it programmed on my first try .
as advertised works great on the shark
awesome awesome cd . friend turned me on to it i so glad ! happy new year to everyone ! vicki p in calif
good suspense . lots of twists and turns . more respectful of science than most scifi flicks . worth watching in my opinion .
my nephew liked and is playing all the day with it , which is helping him to build his physical fitness .
it was delivered in a timely fashion and exactly what i needed .
yes , i would recommend this boot . i lake it very mush ! it really is women's western slouchy cowboy boots ! satisfied
this stuff really works and smells wonderful ! i even use it as a lotion after the shower !
product is as advertised . instillation easy as replacing previous similar product . functions excellent in public restroom . soap container easily refilled .
theses are great to reduce your light wattage and or amount of illumination . very handy to a a few on hand .
plug into optical link , plug in the power supply , and the analog lines to my stereo . great sound . like it .
loved the book . loved the movie . one of harris's best . read in order for the most insight in to the characters .
really helps , but boots are still damp on the inside sometimes . damp boot gross . might have to invest in boot dryers .
every child and adult should see this ! believer or unbeliever , this is a must see ! amazon , get this on dvd !
it is always interesting to read about young brides ! enjoyed the characters , the romance , and funny things and the drama .
love it . so many compliments at work !
i got this for a baby for christmas so i hope the baby boy like it for a christmas present .
it has a very nice fur , it's soft , has the perfect size for my child . he love it so much .
i think it's pretty good . sturdy strong . hope it has a long life can protect my ipad mini .
hard water on tap at my homestead , so this is a must . half the cost of the local home depot . nuf said .
and you or anyone you gift it to will love it , too ! a fun gift or just because . ages !
battery performs as described .
it does the job very well giving me quick temp readings when i am cooking . it is easy to use .
oh my god ! you guy hooked me up what a blessing and my favorite color too ! i was very pleased
great story . a must read for people who wonder what a a navy seal has to go through while training .
excellent ! held our interest all the way through even the kids loved it . family friendly entertainment with historical value .
this book is excellent for beginning spanish speakers . i was looking for something more advanced .
it was great for the wedding cards at the recepition
nice can almost hate to put trash in it . sturdy good graphics and if was mailed quickly . i love it !
i was most pleased with the service i received and we really like the american harmony flatware .
definitely for people who take lots of pills . it is great just what we needed .
electrician liked it well enough for us to order .
great looking cover and love the option of viewing vertically or horizontally . everybody who sees mine , wants one ! great buy !
the sevice takes forever and they run a bit big to size , but other than that these are great shoes !
durable quality phone has been dropped several times and the case barely looks like it's taken a beating ! great !
it was very good . left me wanting more . it was very suspenseful .
perfect fit , thicker material than other skins i have used . video installation instructions was very helpful . i highly recommend this product .
i love it so far . its fun , i haven't run in to toomany annoying things or bugs . so far lol
hadn't seen this in years some of chevy chase's best work . i was sitting alone and laughing out loud .
i purchased this devtional book for my son , because i had the one for women and thoght he'd like it .
i love the way it tells you how you will benefit from each recipe . i can use for every meal . perfect !
could not put it down . an eye opener on the workings of wall street . i would recommend this book to everyone .
i have puechased this card game for all of my grandchildren . they all like playing it a lot .
i do paint and bodywork for a living . this tool is a must have for any professional . or do it yourselfers . get one
it's a little expensive , but it's great shampoo . the hair will look like a million bucks . glad i ordered it .
great cd from shaky good rock and roll . plan on buying all his cd's when i find them .
i learned a lot about astrology that was explained so i understood it . interesting how it works in people's lives .
amazing product ! it's easy to use and can save lives , i've bought it for the women in my life also !
great product , . great price , excellent customer . service . would definitely recommend this seller .
it is overall very nice . my boyfriend likes them a lot . he said the boxers feels very light and comfortable .
took s , expected them to be tight , but they are pretty big . i'm cm kg . quality print are ok .
if you like history books then this is for you . lots of information that will bore most others
the bands are nice and easily swapped out . a very nice looking watch , nothing more to say i guess
i like to keep a book app on my phone to have my own reader material . this fits the bill .
arrived quick , it's true to picture and looks great on . i will definitely be ordering more of these for myself !
maybe just a little bit of work on the straps . not really a complaint though . nothing ya cant live with .
bought this for my daughter's kindle . easy to put on and looks great ! no bubbles and has not come off .
just found it hard to fiqure out the time thing with sync but did eventually get it , i love it
product as advertized and quick shipment . analyzed vehicle issue , correctly repaired vehicle , no more check engine light .
this was a xmas gift . ordered nov and it arrived dec . product in excellent shape and as described .
i really enjoyed the book . i couldn't put it down and now all my friends are dieing to read it .
dai z loves it . she used to have a spiky collar , this is from to times better .
poignant . melancholic . epic . triumphant !
loved the book but having to wait for part two it's really driving my anticipation crazy just tell us when .
worked great .
what can i say about the opster . he will be missed . now get on your hog and ride brother ride !
as always dog dvds are intense and action packed . son loved it ! watches it often . will reorder other dog dvds
muy linda presentaci oacute n , sencillo , elegante , delicado , discreto , le encant oacute a mi esposa ! el empaque muy bueno , lleg oacute en perfectas condiciones .
this coat is everything i hoped that it would be . excellent in the rain and warm .
i can't explain in words why i love this case . its so amaze ! thanks ! totes recommend it ! i love it
love the features . i have not but it down since i started playing . i now want more games like it .
fuel gel worked very well , lasted longer than i expected . good value as well .
this little book is packed with full information that i found very helpful and was glad that i got it .
why take the trouble to make molasses cookies from scratch when these taste as good , if not better , than homemade !
i have read all of jim butcher's books and have enjoyed all of them . hope he writes many more ,
this was a great book ! excited to find out what happens next i will be getting book to immediately !
beautifully written , a great character in major pettigrew , moves along at a nice pace , funny . everything that makes a good read .
we enjoyed using this as a teaching tool with our family and learned a lot about the roman catholic church .
i carry two power drills a circular saw a jig saw and three foot extention cords in this bag
this is the only thing i use for a foundation and the added spf is great . i love this product
great book , been waiting a long time for this story to be told . great chapter in the air commandos history
excellent quality , durable . just like the photo
good substitute for v batteries sold at retail . these are just as reliable and durable as the big brand names .
no complaints . worked well .
i enjoyed the pacing and details of the story . i recommend it to lovers of light mystery and jane austen .
the robots have cute design , and are well made out of firm plastic . definitely would recommend to other people . schmeef
i was trying to replace an ornament that got broken . this was an exact match . very satisfied with the purchase .
almost has good as frist more place to fight war weapon are better .
this chrysler orange covered very well , which made me happy after using the engine primer which didn't .
this thing has some serious sound to it and is perfect just for keeping the party going all the time
this is so beautiful . it feels so good ! i love it and i'm sure you will love it also .
great outfit for a great price ! very cute . my niece loved it . definitely just as nice as american girl . thanks !
love it ! cuts crisp , clean shapes and it couldn't be cuter . i am very pleased with this purchase . thank you !
this rocks , groves , funks , and a lot more . great cd . too bad that rick hasnt done another like this .
interesting review of this criminal organization .
i got my book in a very short amount of time and it was in excellent condition .
the product is good , service is excellant , i get this for my son's i pod touch , he is very happy with it . thanks amazon .
love it ! jordan's piano playing is mesmerizing . beautifully done ! any dream theater fan will appreciate jordan's talent and technical skill .
there's not better perfume than this one . it has lasted year and wiill be here until the end of time
this is exactly what i had seen in the store , so i knew what i was going to be getting !
i loved this book ! wonderfully written . will be looking for more by this author . buy it ! you won't regret it .
light and easy to use an outstanding camera . kit is worth the money but some items are fillers . thanks .
good just amazing throughout . love it so much words can't describe how i'm feeling right now . must read absolutely favorite .
these ballasts are working great and i would highly recommend for the low cost . went together pretty easy as well
exactly what i was looking for . fits snuggly in window , sturdy and am able to still see through !
the replacement of a very satisfied fabrics is comfortable and style is very fit . my husband is very love it .
awesome book man aaaaaaaaaaaaa a a a a a a a a as a a . a . a . a a a .
another winner from the master of true crime
wicked collection ! all of these films are magnificent works ! like hammer get this lot .
this was brand new as advertised and is now well loved . quick shipping good experience ty
fun game . please add more levels over all great game keep up good work awesome game worth money thanks
bold and attractive , out of the ordinary , just sports , all that is required outdoors in a clock , is good good
purchased for a coworker but kept for myself because it was so cute perfect size for a formal evening .
the item arrived on time , good quality , it was the one just what i want to fit my new digit camera
this book is filled with interesting application of quilting designs . the designs are interlocking . what a fun concept for quilting !
i liked this tree because it added something to a windowless room . a view of a beautiful fall colored day .
baskets are sturdy and with three sizes offer storage for a variety of items . hang where ever you have pegboard
i enjoyed it very much . made me so happy and smile . now i can't wait to see now seasons .
one of the best games ever ! it is so much fun ! this is one of the games i have been looking for !
they worked very well for our vacation
sometimes things break and i was glad to find this in stock and easily install it on our microwave . thanks !
this top is thin , fits very well and wears well . very good warmth with activity . would buy another one again .
just what i was looking for in a guitar as a present for my friend . definitely worth it to give !
i purchased this product to mix miscellaneous products that don't necessarily require a traditional mixer . it gets the job done .
works awesome ! won't ruin your wall or trim , and feels very sturdy . never had any problems with slipping . very impressed .
i totally look forward to each new episode . has become my guilty pleasure . story lines are full of surprises . enjoy !
i love to hear behine the scenes chatter and different versions of songs . this cd delivers . a must have for bb fans !
the name fits easy up and still feels like everything is held in place . if like these better than spanks !
ggreat bug spray
i love it
it worked well with the walls and fairly easy to attach . friend's recommendation made it an easy purchase for me ,
always mounted on our front porch at christmas time to commemorate the star over the stable where he was born .
very flattering and great for hiding your post pregnancy flaws . i am pretty busty , and i don't feel it is too revealing .
who can resist chuckles ? such fond memories of childhood , simpler days and loving this candy ! highly recommend ! get some ! you will enjoy .
practical , insightful , and applicable to anyonefacing a pastoral transition . ideally thiscould be used before that transition occurs .
these were cute and fit well , but werent quite edgy enough to justify the camo .
nice product
very cute ! beanie is of good quality and comfort for infant . size will fit my grandson for months to come .
not very much room to write the details but it was so cute i didn't really care .
this is a great book about how the business world should become more human .
husband enjoyed the cd good compliation of music most of his favorites are on here . glad i bought . thanks much
i love it . thanks so much for purchase on time . it is such a nice and funny doll . luana souza
this is awesome . probahly the best . it reminded me of battlefield heroes . the hest thing you can do is download it .
absolutely love it . the best . feels great as clean . beautiful greece in a package . its perfect . refreshingly cool and not sticky .
this is my first book i've read by amanda stone . i like it , just wished it was a little longer .
once again , steve hall has outdone himself with the beauty of the music on this cd ! just wonderful !
good stuff !
nice product ! it does what it is intended to do . the sling goes on and off my yoga mat easily .
i love the small office size calendars that you can put on your desk at work . it not built cheap
i love the this condition . reallly night cover page and insideproduct condition is great than it looked . it works well
funny and entertaining you couldn't ask for more ! a laurel and hardy classic no one will forget especially at christmas !
this product has far surpassed my expectations , thank you for saving me a couple of dollars .
can't get it to my phone , but , i love the instrumental version of the song . same beat !
tracks . original mix . mike shiver's catching the sun mix . mike foyle remix . tomas haverlik remix . . whiteroom remix . amurai remix . chillout mix
slept awesomely now thanks to this great app all in all i recommend to everybody and anybody who wants sleep
i really like it it's easy to install
am enjoying reading the references from the books i have and reading the recipies . several i am going to try .
two guys from akron ohio spilling their hearts out through very raw guitar riffs . the lyrics are pretty good too .
the color was a lil dull compared to the online pic and not as bright . still a good cover though .
i haven't used the double boiler yet but hope to soon . delivery was quick and the product looks great .
really excellent , a very readable overview of the large cycles and how powerful they usually are .
my nephew loves buses . this one is very well made . very durable . wish it had been yellow though . but still cute .
absolutly the most interesting season , it's amazing ! castle and becket is the best couple in the tv ! the best !
taste good ! start each day with a couple cups of coffee and get the day started in a good way .
great !
excellent glove for the price easily broke in my daughter loves catching with it i would highly recommend this glove
this show is amazing i love that amazon has it . this season is great and they stream in great quality
i bought this so i could pump at work . it works great ! speedy delivery too !
it was so good , i watched the first four hours at one sitting . the acting was superb .
i discovered this candy in salem , ma this summer . my daughter and i love it .
great quality . purchased for my four year old neice to start the new school year and she absolutely loved it !
i have been using the neck genie for two weeks and have noticed a sugnificant difference ! its worth every penny
supper awesome ! i know that every body would love it soooo much ! i love it so will you !
love the book . some great techniques and ideas .
love , love , these slippers , would wear all day if possible . the only problem is the soles wear out too fast .
great gift for an old swedish friend . this craft is something that costs nothing to make and creates lovely decorations .
excellent . interesting , great writing , good story lines and the romancebnetween castle and beckett is great is great . would recommend highly .
showed up fast at my door . well wrapped . easy to install . would recomend to anyone , even first time installers . thanks !
a wonderful book about friendship that touches your heart and soul . loved it !
great case excellent
this movie should be consider a classic , great movie before all the special effects that hollywood pushes today .
works well with the kindle paperwhite that i bought for my wife . i would recommend this accessory for the kindle paperwhite .
the game is very fun and even easier to use . i would recomend this game to people of all ages .
great pipe easy to maintain and the flow of smoke is just perfect ! exactly what you would expect from glassphoria .
sexy but she is not showing her boobs i am so happy about this are you because i am you .
this is a challenging but fun game . it keeps me entertained for a long time and you should try it .
love j . d . robb and her main characters , eve dallas , rourke , feeney , and peabody . all of the story lines are exciting .
love , love , love this coffee , but on a fixed income i can't buy very often . i will buy more when my budget allow's .
we made a blank with this and its great for that and keeps you warm . a great for little girls
bought this for my year old son who's shown an interest in space . he absolutely loves it !
very nice i love it
love this shirt ! great material and light weight . doesn't shrink in the wash . fits as expected . i might buy another .
a real solution to dry cracked feet ! it lasts the whole day ! really works !
great reference tool . saves time and that means money . this unit is a must have for the mobile tool kit .
this book held my attention from first page , never a dull moment . would highly reccommend this . would read again soon !
i have been waiting for ellie to put her recipes into a book , i love this book , thanks ellie
uso este tipo de control , para encender y apagar la bomba de agua de la casa , muy comodo y confiable .
fiancee selected this as a groomsmen gift for our wedding . he was impressed with the packaging , quality and quick shipping .
perfect fit . replaced all six bushings . rides like a new cart . excellent material and very easy to install . definately recommend .
what a classy sign . i removed the cord and used white thumb tacks to attach to wall .
very cute . i shortened the chain so it fit my style better . i like wearing it on casual occasions .
this is the most beautiful and magickal of all the tarot decks i've seen .
i chose this rating because i like using it . its portable and lite and it very convenient for design drawing projects .
they are amazing in their perfection representing a rose in such a tiny way .
from the best things i heard in , great tunes to remember all year round , and the singer is awesome .
product was in good condition . my son has used it without any issues in class . prompt service .
greatest game in the planet and vewis in the planet . game ls the top game in the planet best
these were a welcome treat for my sigma kappa girl . any sigma kappa sister would be happy to receive these .
lots of great information about essential oils . beginners like me have much to learn . this book is a valuable resource .
these springs work great wish i could get a mixed pack tho now i have a bunch of extras ty
i will be getting more of these shoes in different colors .
really great movie and i am so glad that they re released it . really worth watching , great , thanks for the re release
for my grandson and he was pleased
mike gresalfi and john darrin did a masterful job of blending high tech facts with a believable action filled story .
i was looking for a tea with a light licorice taste , and this one is great . good mix of spices .
this item is hard to find in many stores . it is good to have it available for me to buy .
daughter loved this show , me i thought it was cute , and i think that any barbie fan will love it .
reminds me of christmas time . unfortunately after eating these i discovered a better flavor yet . banana walnut ! keep it up clif !
i love the alien movies so , the set of the alien series on blue ray is great ! great product !
i have used it before . i think it is working but i can't tell anymore . i would buy it again .
all the basics you need . the tape measure is too small . has a bunch of extra pockets for other stuff .
this flash drive holds plenty of data , and travelswell in a case , purse or in my luggage . good price too .
this slot is very much like the ones at the casinos , lots of different bonus games , lots of different levels . love it !
love this little corner oven . simple yet powerful ! fits in the corner and gets out of the way . try it .
exactly what mey wifey wanted for her birthday . it was easy and they fit perfectly . no complains would buy again .
it is very good cell phone . all is right . i am very happy for this buy . i can recommended that .
very sensual and long lasting . it has made my bedroom a love bait . it is truly intoxicating and irresistible !
i have big hands and didnt quite like the grip on my xdm mm and the finger grips are perfect
it is a very stylish phone , with good performance , i quite like it , it has helped me a lot . excelente servicio
great for side or back sleeping . very very comfortable . better than any pillow . wish i had discovered this years ago
i used this product and i am very happy about the quality of the images . cheaper price , better quality .
typical lego game , just different characters . my son enjoyed it for a while , then on to the next new game .
it's been a long time reading a short story book . loved it ! i would recommend this book to my friends .
my grandson loved them . just the right size to carry around ! a big hit !
this was a replacement for one i had for or years so i knew about this product already
loved the book . many twists and turns . readers will definitely be excited with the book . mr . weber delivered as always .
another great epic of the redwall series ! too bad the author is gone but i do have most of his works !
i use this to make my pizza , it is good , greasy , and spicy . all the things a growing boy needs .
fabulous ! true james patterson . except a little to gory , kept me reading could not put it down , hope alex cross series continues .
great book and as usual better than the movie . though i liked themovie as well ! lol i recommend this
i use it often to be sure my kindle is getting a strong signal . i would recommend it for everyone .
product was just as i expected same as items seen in sporting goods stores . my nephew was not disappointed .
really good word game . i would recommend it for any person who enjoys word games . lots of fun for everyone
book is amazing . epic in every sense . caps locked for a reason . read . this . book . now . seriously , earl swagger all day .
was looking for something quick and effective , this seems to be working , only on it a few weeks .
this is a great app for anyone who enjoys solitaire . one touch moves the cards for you and everything . yep .
the wall charger is handy to have so you can use it when you're not in your car .
good little story that actually has a happy ending for all involved . something even a child could read and enjoy
disturbing book , i did not like the ending . i needed more closure . it was a page turner until the end .
product came just like seller said it would . mounted just fine . probably cannot hold more than one bike .
this album is the best ! so worth it , love zedd ! and i received my link to download it right away .
this works great , loved it for years before i broke the glass on the dome
my daughter and i have really thick hair . this is the best detangler i've ever used .
i love the scent . it is refreshing and makes you home smell great . the scent covers without overwhelming your home .
everyone even kids would enjoy this game . i am addicted already . i like all the other games also . and will download others
dels best work ! fresh tracks , from del tha funkee homosapienmy favorite cd ever
nice but two of the pearls came off already ! delivery was on point
te mantiene entretenido y te lleva a un mundo diferente de batallas y magia . muy bueno y altamente recomendable
it get the job done . i just wish the cord was longer but other then that it charges my phone .
i used it on vacation with my iphone for navigation . now i use it at home and it works great .
awesome price ! its normally around dollars for tapes at any store so this is killeri will buy again
they're perfect . i have an iphone and these fit really well and are super cute . definitely recommend buying them
this is an awesome idea to have instead of a cover . i think it looks great and almost applied itself .
your review was right on the money . career was on of the best movies i've ever seen in my life .
the songs are as sweet as the singer , i recommend quot enamorarme , a amar quot amp quot necesitas creer quot
great
this author really knows how to write a great crime thriller . couldn't put it down . lots of humour . great read .
this is a very good product for a good price for anyone . i would buy this again in the near future .
well constructed , easy to use , easy to carry , good product , can be used on the ground or on benches , stairs
i loved it many years ago and i'm thrilled to rediscover it on cd . really innovative .
ironically , had a couple compliments the very first day i wore the shirt apparently from other biglebowski fans
i was expecting crappy head phones but the headphones are great and have a great balance in bass and treble
i've been using this flashlight for more than a year it's working great . got of them for christmas presents .
i love this flash . you can set it and forget it . every thing will work as you set it .
great product , awesome for my little one
easy to use , display is easy to read , colors are fantastic
we have an ever growing collection of the karen katz books and couldn't resist this halloween holiday themed one .
nice shade of purple . good fit for phone . sides a little loose but overall a good buy for yourmoney !
this chair has a high portability in our camp . you can sit comfortably , and is not tired in long use .
i enjoyed this book . it was very informative and interesting . the author was very well versed in his experiences . must read
must have enough people to play . the waiting for your buddies next move is probably the hardest . have fun playing
great socks , wear well , fit great , great value , worth every cent . gold toe is the best ! i will buy again !
comfortable even on the warmest days . good quality .
it is just you and me by rie sinclair , sang by jayson belt .
good service
i buy this one every yearwell organizedcross referenced where neededreasonably priced for a very complete reference bookexcellent online support
sweet story ! even the hubby thought it was okay !
love these kind of stories
i love this dress ! the size , length and color are perfect for me . wish it cam in more colors though .
i was soooo sad when i lost my charger for my screwdriver . i found a replacement . it is perfect quality !
excellent ! i missed this series on tv but i binge watched season and can't wait to watch the others .
great price . very nice belt .
nice melody , smooth . in chicago , a nice stepper or walk cut . i keep on playing it over and over again .
hands down , this is the right wall mount for a tv . installation was a snap . you'll not be disapointed .
it is so fun to playyou can have so much funmy kids love itand so do ii love this game
i own of these , its a basic charger that i use on android phones , kindle , kindle fire , fitbit flex .
works as expected , good price and is very easy to use . all parts came as advertised and in good condition .
this flag added to the true meaning of christmas of which i wanted to display in my yard . thank you .
it made you feel as if you were there , you could feel the cold . a captivating and informative story well told
a must read for every american .
great design and material . they run a little too small though . order a size larger than you would usually wear .
sent it to twin granddaughters st birthday my son said very easy to put together and sturdy good choice !
watched the world series and decided to get this for a family member's upcoming birthday .
excellent book . it took awhile for me to read but i loved it and love my kindle !
very little not covered
i think it is a fun game . you can bake cakes and so much more . i had so much fun
i like games , very challenging . works well ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
marduk once again delivers a x ian pounding blow on this short but brutal musical outburst . buy it !
my blu ray arrived on time and everything is wonderful . i will recommend this company for an excellent customer service . blanca
works great in my ro filter for a way cheaper price than the big box stores or other online stores .
these are great . these save at least bed flips over an average night . i recommend them to every one .
super
so hard to find , it seems they don't want us to see it . good movie , good condition , shipping , etc .
love the variety and yes they all do actually taste different and more important great . great health conscious snack .
i absolutely love this case . it has perfect coverage and very protective ! plus it doesn't feel too bulky or thick .
great bookgood christian valuesinteresting storyi've enjoyed the seriesbook prices are reasonablei highly recommend this series
this case is really really cute and i love it . it is a nice little wallet . glad i bought it .
i could not put this book down . just when i thought i had it all figured out , i was wrong .
this was purchased as a christmas gift , it did arrive before expected and it was exactly just what she wanted .
nitido !
a very good movie . i cried , laughed and enjoy a lot the plot . i recommend this to everyone .
great speaker ! well built
adapter works great with my canon sx is camera . has helped me save on batteries .
great product would recommend this .
i really this product . worked as stated on line to many words needed the product is good , it really is
great story it is , one of his best first one i read and almost years later still reading it . awesome
beautiful color and last long . i loooove it !
good
great flying helicopter for cheap ! this was well worth the money . it flies better than my helicopter from brookstone .
i enjoyed reading this book because it had so many things going on and it was so amazing and cool
i was considering selling my s w until i tried this grip . i will never sell it now . it's great
great service on a last minute gift idea , . sounds great and shiopped so fast . made my older sister very happy
best acting , setting , actors , story line directing , the impression of thus being real . not just a tv program . is superb
good way to protect your investment from any scratch on the viewer , i recommended it , is cheap and useful .
like the longer length and fabric tip . tried many others , but none work as efficiently as this stylus . good job !
awesome show , cannot wait for season .
great product and fast shipping
if you like stepanie plum you will love this book she is even more crazzy and outrageous than grandma mazur
good quality seems like the good stuff . still to early to tell . but so far so good as promised . good
these are perfect to add a little character to your garage door . all harware was included and easy to install .
these were great products and worked very well for what i needed them for . i will reorder this product again .
just get it . they are amazing . just listen is all i can say . his words blow me away
item works as it should , good price verses the other similar items found on amazon dot com . would recommend item .
this adds new and interesting thing to watch and do . much better than watching the trash that tv has become .
works great fits and ga just fine , not sure what else to say about it . get one today .
telegraph must be australian for simply brilliant . buy . now . listen and repeat . enjoy .
this is a really good mic if you are going to do lets plays or just plain recording vocals meow .
not what i expected . i found some eye opening information and enjoyed seeing through the authors eyes . i must read !
solid motown . get down music , easy to hear again and again . hitsville usa motown singles collection ' ' hit the mark !
i'm looking forward to learning this technique . this book has some very pretty patterns that i will definitely try soon .
amazing pop ups illustrating the days of christmas . great gift for a grandparent to share with the young ones .
make sure it's the right one for your camera and it'll work great for you just like the real thing .
great looking functional and you can't beat the price .
roger whittaker has produced yet another album with a combination of his older hits and some newer ones as well .
it was a little slow and drawn out at times but as usual it is another great read from demille
this book was a great read . it kept me interested . the story is sad and motivational at the same time .
it's a beautiful and shine bracelet , but in my opinion it's a litle heavy . but i liked to buy it .
very nice , but sometime doesn't work on apple products
what can i say which has not already been said by other reviewers ? get it !
i use these on the day bed they were a very good deal , cost wise and are comfortable to lean against .
am . able to see behind . great everything . good service , good product and good quality .
best sweatpants ever . soft with easy fit adjustable waistband . durable and doable all year long . pants are definitely a keeper .
i really like what i purchased . especially , no tax and no delivery charge . this is my favorite fragrance .
this is the first part replacement in years fit like new . the installation a bit tricky , but doable . gint
wifey loves it and wears it several times a week along with her accessories . im just glad i bought it !
love them and will watch all of these series . great acting and rich story line and very interesting and catchy !
i loved the set up of this box . it has plenty of room . definitely worth every penny ! would buy again !
put it in an ocean kayak frenzy . makes sitting for extended time much easier on the florida gulf sound
more examples of christ empowering women . somehow , not as compelling as the first . seemed to be reaching a few times .
book is just what i needed !
yr . old granddaughter loved the whole series . looking for more of cleary's books now . she's a delightful , engaging read .
i love this book ! i could not even put it down ! i will buy any book sarah palin writes or endorses !
great help for getting results
have had them for a while now and am very happy with their quality !
these creative respites are an inspiration to look at and read about . this is my favorite shed book by far .
i can't wait for part three of this series and shall be buying it as soon as it is released .
this is sincerely the best game ever . i love the blank cards that you can put your own answers on .
it's great , mainly just to replace the worn out ones i have . shipping was no problem and product as described .
outstandingly written , brilliant pun intended concept . will continue to read and f ok bush the sega once the are out
works just fine .
este es un libro que sirve como una guia muy util para establecer buenos habitos financieros para toda la vida .
excellent story of world war ii and the families and countries involved . kept my interest and something i read quickly .
very good for a treat , really didn't curb my appetite but great for a chewy treat .
cant go wrong with this one , buy this one as soon as you can . very nice watch , on time . best
great book to read to children . a book for any collie lover . i bought two extra books for my grandchildren .
exactly what i expected and needed . easiest thing i have ever used even a moron could use it . skatelife . weouthere .
the pillow stays in place with the suction cups and it's comfortable for the neck . enjoy your bath . highly recommended !
my children are coffee snobs so this makes them happy to have this brand at hand . i like it too .
this cake took a little work , but turned out great ! and the kids can keep and play with this after .
i never knew that he lived such a rough life . he manages to triumph through his music and charitable work .
they are made of plastic though . the carrying case is very nice and easy to carry around . i like it .
does the job and smells pretty good too ! this brand is moderately priced and works just as well as others .
its fun ain't it it is also kind of fun too it give you points for different types of things
sometimes it takes min for it to lock onto a satellites upon start up , and it loses signal easily .
this book changed my way of thinking . helped me prepare for an interview i got the job !
havent installed the bulbs yet they're basically spare lights just in case . hopefully they're good wish me luck everyone .
ordered for myself as a present and really like it . i would definitely recommend for anyone who likes cute frames .
this jacket its a classic work jacket , makes for a good shop jacket . unlined though , so no insulation . very thin .
keeps my kids from destroying my phone . tried other cases and they just do not compare in terms of value product .
he loves them though so even though they're large he wears them . will miost likely order them again thank you
the book i purchased was exactly as advertised and service was fast and trouble free .
i had many cases before this one beats them all . my ipod falls and no damage is done to it
i love it ! it's exactly how it looks in the pictures . very slim , not bulky at all , and fits perfectly .
amasing how easy and well recieved this gift is recieved . buying is a breese ! i'll do it again very soon
good for opening packages from amazon . you can look cool doing it too . sharp in both meanings of the word .
this book has been extremely helpful , especially when i'm writing progress notes . i highly recommend it .
been using for a few months and works great , nice to have a charger that doesn't get in the way .
loved it ! fits great for the price i paid for it . my friends would wanna get a mask now too .
great !
not a bad game very easy but really fun i would definitely recommend to every one that i personally know
it was perfect . it is perfect i am going to get crankys story . i love you disney for making this .
una banda iiresponsable que arengaba al uso de las bengalas , ocasiono muertes , una verguenza
i haven't used yet but had some before and worked good for my metal painting , probably could use some more !
great quality and value for the price . very comfortable and wear them all the time all over . would definitely recommend .
what can i say ? chicago never disappoints and have always loved the music of the big bands .
great spinnings rod for when you are on the go . very for the car or traveling . this product is recommended .
another geat season of sons of anarchy . can't wait for season . keeps getting better every year . cant stop watching .
use it in your lip balm , in your moisturizers , in your candles , whatever your use is , it should work
just as great as the first one ! planning to purchase this movie for our family soon ! you've got to watch .
meets my expectations with flying colors . takes great movies and still pictures . very easy to use . small and easy to use .
the only disparaging thing i can say about this book is that it caused me to purchase a better dictionary .
my grandson loved this book once he turned about months old . before that he had no interest .
well written with a different view of achilles .
not much of a tech person but it was simple to set up , and gets the job done right . hooray !
cool story , but an abrupt ending with no sequel .
fits beautifully on my phone . very happy .
my daughter actually showed me this game on her cell phone . i am now hooked and will continue to play
i really think this is one of disney's cutest animated shows . i really enjoy the elvis presley music they used
bought as a gift for my sports fanatic nephew . they are good quality towels , and my nephew loved them .
the reasons i love sbicca the fit , leather quality , soft shoe bed , fashion . this brand is perfect for my needs
as with all of diane mott davidson's books this one is excellent ! i highly recommend it and the recipes !
well written as harry works through some issues from his youth interwoven with solving a year old cold case .
very accurate and dependable . enjoy the commentators and some of the programs . enjoy wake up with al and stephanie . entertaining .
subltly complex characters , nicely portrayed by the cast . the scenes perfectly underscored the tone and tenor of the story line .
nice to find the products i like at reasonable prices that can also be delivered . why pay full retail price ?
foot notes could be more exspasive . i like detail . added chapter dividers my self
i loved the book , so good i could hardly put it down . i love the way florence osmund writes her book .
the cable i bought was used for an olympus sp uz camera that i have .
i loved the cd . this artist is up and coming and i believe she will have a wonderful career . excellent !
excellent product ! works well ! easy to start up and get the printer working . the printing is very fast and clear .
similar to other games of this nature , but seemed to be more jazzy in their pics and word choices , fun
if you are a true pointer sister fan , this expanded cd is for you . have fun revisiting the hits here .
great quality and very cute ! i love wearing it to cheer on kd and the rest of the okc thunder !
easy to read and very informative . only uses legalize when necessary and only after explaining the concept in layman terms .
the product arrived quickly and worked perfectly with my wireless logitech mouse . can't ask for much else now , can i ?
super easy to install , and replacement comes with a bulb ! perfect for my ' toyota corolla . more words required .
these are the only black pants that you will need for your pregnancy and beyond !
so easy to print , cute and the recipient loved it ! i think it's a great gift to give and receive .
easy to read
good set . highly recomended .
i would highly recommend these slippers ! super comfy and they freak my cats out , so extra funny ! buy them ! enjoy !
very simple to use , totally plug n play . works as expected . small unit hides easily behind my tv set up .
it's worth buying .
great for when the grandkids are napping and very loud people are around
well worth of what i paid for . a sign of good cast iron is how long it holds the heat .
i'm using these to store e liquid juice for my vaporizer . i'm trying different recipes and these help store my results .
this book has great pics to color and comes with many stickers . my three year old just loves it .
love , love , love this product ! it's the best product available . i highly recommend trunature for anyone's probiotic needs . try it .
works wonderfully and looks exactly like the picture . i like that it is wind up instead of battery . love it .
i wanted to make everything in the book and or adapt some of the designs into my own creations .
great product . had me dancing around . i love bollywood . if this government doesn't get it together , i'm moving ! the end .
enjoyed the continuation of the story . brought it to an exciting and good end .
i am so addicted ! it was easy to learn . angry birds , move over there's a new guy in town !
danielle white , i would pay to hear her sing the phonebook . what a beautiful voice .
great story , wonderfully written . once i started the first book i didn't stop until i finished the last one . .
i love these pjs soft and super cute on my little guy ! he loves them too which is even better !
very funny . good feel good movie
these little cable clips worked wonderful on the outside of house where we installed ft of outside cat e waterproof wiring .
we enjoy this so much we placed a nd order soon . the flavor is great and it's quite nutrious .
this is awesome . bought for my das for father's day , but have to fight my husband off very nice
we are zombie movie addicts , so we have all of the resident evil movies . we do love our milla ! awesome !
love it . makes my teeth feel so clean . no more bleeding gums .
loved the characters . found myself getting angry at may for her actions . i enjoyed this book and would recommend it .
really nice book , the cd is great . not bad for the price . i would highly recommend this book to anyone .
soft and clean hair and scalp . i hate these reviews , because you can't make them short and sweet . no no
the leather case card holder flip case cover is great ! i love the color and it's easy to clean
exactly what i expected . comfortable . looks good on .
this book was great . kept my interest all the way through the whole book . i recommend this book to all readers .
over the years i have purchased bargain straightening irons in discount stores . this product , however , works . very happy .
i started reading and just could not put it down . fascinating reading , full of history . everything based on real facts !
i like it my ring but only thing my cross fell i will like a other one thank you janet
nice to have on hand when needed without having to go to the store .
stars because of seperation , betrayal , action and adventureit is so awesome because of betrayal , action and adventure .
a little struggle on the setup , but not bad . still working with no major issues , hope it keeps working .
great price for back to school . kept extras for this semester . plus no waiting in line or fighting traffic ! awesome !
this is probably someone's thesis for a phd , but what ever it is , it is funny . well , not funny , interesting .
instrumental is beautiful vocal is too , but is sometimes lost . this is an awesome new group on the musical scene .
this cd is a must have , every song is very good !
my daughter is reading it . she says it is easy to read so far . this was recommended by our pastor .
great socks . i gave these to my grandson for his birthday . he loves unusual socks and these fit the bill thankyou
i like it very much . it has a good size and leather also has a very good quality . love it .
this is a very nice quality i recommend this item to anyone with a camry ce . no clamps included .
convoluted plot keeps you guessing . hard to tell the good guys from the bad . very interesting marriage for a spy .
tons of moves , tons of levels , tons of fun . screw what people think , i know this game is awesome .
i love the tight fit just what i was looking for i will be shopping here more love it !
this was a wonderfully written love story , between lord marshall and evelyn . a good read , buy it !
the movie was delivered on time and in mint condition . i love it !
product arrived in just a few days and my wife and i have been having a lot of fun
i would have like to known in what year this book was published or updated .
sent out promptly . clean , i will order again . needed it for project , she looks just like my original barbie doll . thanksdiane
this is one of my daughter's favorite movies and one that i can easily sit down and watch with her !
love the story has continued to follow along on same track and intertwines with the previous stories . enjoyed this one .
this shirt has been a great addition to the type of cloths i wear , and the band kicks some a
exactly what we needed to keep our young grandchildren out of our pool . their safety is our number one priority !
one of the best companies that produce high quality cartridgs on this planent . excellent ! owned other ortofon cartridgs in s
use this with my windows lenovo laptop as well as with my macbook air , no issues for my voip applications .
we love this stroller it can turn on a dime and it is very durable .
i thought it was a cute book . i am now getting ready to read some more of this authors books .
this is a great book with a fresh perspective and practical advice for daily living .
got these shoes for my friend he said there comfortable and great for work . wear in anytime of weather for anyday .
i have really been entertained by this game . it really makes you think . some seem much easier than othersgreat fun !
great book ! couldn't put it down , exciting the whole way through , the pages turned themselves . a
a sad story but a story of a time we must all remember well written and lovely keep them coming
i love this game . it is fun to play when its rainy or when youre bored . this game is fun .
i've read the whole series . it is a good book . amanda travels through time . you should consider reading it now .
lucado is always a good read . i've not read one of his books i didn't like ! thank you !
the game was in excellant condition and even came with the booklet . im enyoing the game soo much . thanks !
my daughter likes using these products with her easel . only wish set also included separate eraser for dry erase marker .
this is my preferred introduction to probability theory . it is a clearly written and pleasant to read reference .
good for the price . won't hold my hair up but is a nice accessory . overall worth it . so order it .
beautiful ! i love it !
they fit very good and mom loves them , she wears them every day with comfort would order these shoes again
my year old grandson loved this book . fun jokes and easy to read . will probably order again for nephew .
box was a little tattered but product was in perfect functioning condition . no complaints at all .
i always wanted one of these . so much better than the wheel cutters .
my daughter got this as a gift for a yr old team mate . everyone is very happy w it .
arrived quickly , served its purpose , and didn't fall apart during use . also matched my bright red luggage , but i digress .
this tablet is great ! like it so much i got my kids one ! very good quality ! very easy to use !
i buy this for my husband and he loves it .
this is a good book . try this book it is very nice . did i say it was a good book . the end .
this was a great movie . the action was really good . tom cruise always makes great movies . story line was good .
high tech stuff shown in the simplest of materials . wood ! it is just so beautiful and well crafted . i love its practicality .
great aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
i love this song . i would recommend anyone who loves music to take a listen and see what you think !
i had this on cassette as a child and listened for hours . it was nice to find it again
well made microcut shredder . securely reduces documents to unrecoverable confetti . best protection for complete destruction of confidential documents .
bryan answers every blogging frustration struggle that i have dealt with in the two years i've been blogging . get . this . book .
very pleased with this fabric . it will work great with the project i am making . this is all i have to say .
must buy
i have not used this product enough to rate it . try me next year at this date
bought this for my dad he is a bo dylan fan . he really enjoyed it . what else can i say
adorable and well made ! most babies will pull off the separate hat , but even without it , the costume is great !
my niece really wanted this dress . when she finally got it , she loved it and it fit her perfectly . thanks !
product seems to be a good quality product . accurate with and without using a thermometer cover . happy with my purchase !
my daughter absolutely loves this book . i got it for her for christmas and would defenitly order from them again .
it doesn't go up hills because of weight but good product . it gets me to where i need to go
very easy to use . no programming required . that's why we chose this remote plus we just purchased a sony receiver
all that i expected
very pleased with the quality of these pans . not hard to clean .
i am very happy with the product . it looks great with my canvas . it is great quality and low price .
love it it uhh amazon crazy good i in love with i like it i your writing is the best
great movie !
good game , follows similar format of original cartoon wars , and it's free . something to do in spare time . get it .
this is definitely costume jewelry big and chunky and bright and colorful , but very light weight . fun for parties !
my kiddo loves it ! she reads like no one else's business . and of course , jasper is her favorite ! love it !
these clogs are very comfortable and are non slip when working on wet slippery surfaces like ceramic tile . i highly recommend .
ideal accessories for use with black and decker screwdriver li . volt lithium ion . perfet for use in home and garaje .
a decent book . not very different or original from other children's atlas' on the market . but , it does the job !
still learning to use the tablet and accessories that'swhy this rating at this time will update in the future thanks
this is the third one of these i've built . great micro pc
if you like swedish house mafia , you will love this mix , takes you enter a different atmosphere . beautiful , amazing song
much nicer than i thought it would be . excellent product ! i am very pleased and would purchase again for others !
great comics ! inspired my youngest to love scrooge and his nephews as i much as i do !
just the right size to soak aching , tired feet . i use epson or other speciality salts to enhance the experience .
learned a few tricks from this book and helping us balance our chemistry each day . shared it with my friends .
i absolutely love flip wilson . what a talent he was years ago , and a pioneer in comedy .
book arrived in timely manner in the condition accurately described by the seller . thank you
prefect i love these vitamins
mccormick granulated onion oz . is just the right size for those who can't get enoughonion taste in their meals .
makes perfect toast . worked the first time . looks great on my counter . i would recommend this to anyone . love it !
i got this for my niece when she had surgery she love it she calls him momo so very cute
lots of new information , easy read , great recipes ! i learned the reasons behind the trend toward plant powered eating . thank you !
great game similar to flappy bird . but it will get a little bit frustrating at times . but it is enjoyable
bought this as a christmas gift . smells really nice . and looks good . going to be ordering another one soon .
exactly what i was looking for . product is as described and works very well . shipped quickly and i am happy .
reading about nell sweeney has been fun . really enjoyed the historical aspects and how honorable she was throughout the books .
as a christmas gift , clothing is not the favorite item with children . hello kitty logo helps . looks and feels nice .
great kit to travel with . makes my workouts so much easier when on the road .
they might please all women , but they are great for me . i am a life long wearer of lashes .
i love it but still waiting for free xbox one games content . still live is a must have with this console
good teen read . i still enjoyed it as an adults .
for a new author . this is clearly a work from the heart . glen tate has taken prepper fiction by storm .
i love the egyptian cotton sheets . for the price i would recommend these sheets . they are really soft and comfortable .
awesome book ! couldn't put it down ! i read this book in one day !
i like it i got for me . i told you that i got one for my company truck . again thank you
smiles' prid homeopathic drawing salve , gm , each pack of excellent . works very well for skin infections and psoriasis .
my dog likes this food . i like the size of food and the ingredients that are in the food also
fits as expected . like that it has the clip on it . stays on at the gym . helps protect the ipod .
so pretty ! i love how delicate this is and love butterflies so it's perfect for me !
just what you expect from mach . these are authentic and at a great quality and a great price . very happy .
i love this author her light hearted romance not too tacky , and a believable story . also i love the greyhound rescue aspect .
this headphone is made with excellent materials and suite perfectly is highly recommended best relationship between price and quality
i've had freestyle watches before and really like the performance . good watch for price . i would buy another freestyle watch .
excellent fit good quality highly recommended grips the tablet very well not at all loose so very secure and durable
use it at my office and people love it plus works great . suggest it to anyone who likes conversation pieces
the song i'll build a stairway by rufus wainwright is awesome . buy this .
cute set !
the second book is another book in my library . just so i can read it over again . waiting for number three
this top is beautiful . it looks beautiful with
great case !
i think it's a really good show . i just wish it was released all at once . john goodman is great .
love the case ! the description was exactly what the product is . i would buy for this buyer again for sure
this was a great deal . ! thank you . !
this book provides great guide lines for diebetics and to get their life in order to live better and longer
works as i thought it would
easy on the stomach and has an antioxidant . love that rose hips is good for collagen production too . great product .
great protection for the ipod . it covers all the edges nicely and helps against cracking or breaking of your device .
loved a hidden fire ! great book ! can't wait to read more from this author . will be getting the next book .
this is a nice app . i like checking it out when i can . good shows and movie in the selection .
the cell phone case fitted my huawei cell phone really well . it is sturdy and i would order it again .
great movie . intrigue , action . liam is always great in anything he does .
not what i expected , and would have been fine if i hadn't read all the books before seeing the movie .
tried the pentax and nikon of the same size and like this one much better . very happy with them .
nice lamp .
interesting book it was a enjoyable read
very good esc . works great , even had a deans and bullet connectors already soldered on it ! came with instructions too .
the tutu came quickly in the mail . it will be perfect for my daughter's birthday party .
this game is fun then it gets better . some parts might be hard then it is easy . so that is my comment
holds all my larger serving pieces and keeps them separated and contained in my kitchen drawer . i love these organizers !
easy to install no instructions are needed , excellent sound , good quality microphone , good look and its cable is large enough .
love these !
not yet read but sheldon is a solid author and never fails to catch you right in the first chapter
essence is simply awesome ! essence is also very informative . one of the best magazines out there period . two thumbs up !
this book will give you hope that the one is out there waiting for you . i couldn't put it down .
makes great popcorn . i use it times per week . i stick with canola oil and salt .
have yet to wear it need to adjust size . but it is a beautiful watch and was a spectacular deal !
good quality and would definitely purchase again .
luther you are missed . what a voice . i wish he was still making music . i have all of his songs . thanks .
awesome ! i can't believe how many hot actresses have appeared nude in films over the years . crazy ! definitely recommend it !
bought this for my sons room . arrived quickly with no damage . it can be hung horizontal or vertical .
still out lunch on this one product appears ok . i , ll get back to you in a few weeks , some old media vhs .
a very good price for a quality panel mount mini fuse holder . just the thing for your next diy project .
i am very pleased with this product . it completely met my expectations ! the packaging was very good .
works great
product was safe and very simple to use . it came with multiple ear shields for other family members to use .
i absolutely loved this series . left me wanting to keep reading about alex and olivia long after the book was over !
all the men in my family love camo shirts and this one is very nice . i would definately recommend this .
water will be a weapon in the very near future . stand up against the corporations now . or kneel before them .
i highly reccomend bying this cd . its got all their greteast songs .
i like it very much !
bought this for a year old and she's ecstatic she can get just about anything she could ever want
i really love his voice and style . this song is a perfect addition to my ipod library . love amazon's downloads .
lovely design ! i like it a lot . it is easy to use and easy to clean . makes a pretty presentation !
great , i am a huge fan of gatorade . good purchase , i suggest . eight more words to go ,
this works great . a lot better than my old vacuum . i am ready to buy another one for my son .
very happy with this product and great for my jewelry making good deal also . i would purchase again for sure
really good product , good fabric and very comfortable . pick a bigger size cause it's kind a small . i do recommended .
great show
thanks
my granddaughter was thrilled with the pink case for her canon camera . she first thought this was her big present .
you can listen to this compilation times in a row and still be amazed how good this band is .
excellent ink !
nice case but in the fold of the case the edges are coming apart . will purchase again the other colors .
the recipient of this gift loves it . it is jam packed with episodes and the little figurine was a delight .
i enjoyed this book even though the subject matter was depressing and there certainly wasn t a happy ending . interesting topics .
truly enjoyable . not must thinking with this one . just right if you want a quick read on any lazy afternoon .
loved the back story on k .
this is the most amazing hardcore metal album ever recorded . i wish somebody would reissue it so it wasn't so expensive . amen .
i bought this shirt for my son for christmas , he loves it . great product for a great price .
think it is good format to explain short term memory .
best new episodes ever ! the best of the series so far . i really enjoyed the characters and the plot lines .
came packaged great . fit perfect . looks awesome . i do recommend an inner clear curtin to protect it from water though .
so convenient to be able to just get things when you want and charge it to your card . thanks again .
awesome looking knife is small tho otherwise nice details and cool product in this range of price avai try it
perfect for my frequent beaver stadium and other venue usage nnow that the rules are changed about bringing things in !
my son wore this for our month pictures and it's so very cute . and it better be for the price .
this is very great would recommend to anyone who is having mickey partyholds alot of candy and the little toys
what more could i ask for ! ? ! smaller than i imagined , but still a plus . i'd highly recommend works anywhere in house .
great sturdy earbuds . great for running . good sound and these things never tangle .
it works as it they are suppose to but doesnt come with screws so u better have from old hinges
i love this mattress . inflates in a couple of minutes and it is very comfortable . i will recommend this matress .
the heel strap is a little difficult to maneuver through the metal ring with the velcro . otherwise like the shoe .
this potato slicer is very heavy duty .
the bombs go off so fast . do not get very far very fast ! will keep playing this one for sure . enjoy
best way to keep jeans looking new even after several years of use .
these guys rock harder than any other band i've ever seen . this is one fantastic show . raw metal .
nice little book . most phrases and words here are common and used everyday .
this with fit flop sandals is the go to summer everyday .
this scratching post was taller than i had thought but it's a good thing and my cat absolutely loves it .
stephen king is amazing ! story telling like no other . loved the book .
we cannot wait to see what happens next ! we cannot wait for the next book to be launched ! loved it !
used these casters for a dog house i built for my sons german sheppard . works as intended for moving around inside .
this product is great . rice protein , borage oil , medium chain triglycerides , and at a reasonable price .
great game .
this is a hot track em is one of best rapper out there . thank you
my grandson loves sesame street so i thought i'd buy this for him for christmas . he's going to love it .
very good i found it helpful
it holds a lot of photos and footage great buy for the price thanksi would recommend this product to all
this is a wonderful tool to have in your language learning toolkit . it is easy to fools , focused , and fun !
love it , playing games and get played monty . can't wait to read number .
i love christopher's writing style . might not be humanly possible but i'd like to see even more books faster .
classic for a good reason . timeless truths told in a convincing and concise manner that reflects the authenticity of the gospels .
this book is so cool . things that i always wanted to know and not take a specific class for meteorology .
just the very cutest , fits the youth saddle great is well made and does not slip . very soft and washable
it works great . helps when working out to keep cool and looks good too a big plus easy to clean .
again , an old christmas classic , and everyone knows it and loves , it , you must buy it for your own collection .
had a problem but fast to get it straightened out . so everything is good now . will use him again
buy them . be care when you use them . they are exactly what i wanted . precisely what i was looking for .
great book but i ordered large print and did not receive it , i have trouble reading the small print .
no problems with this gun looks brand new
bought this for my yr old and she absolutely loves it . she never leaves home without it . will buy again
kept me interested in trying to solve the murder myself . loved the twists and turns . would recommend to my friends .
been working great
love this type of book very interesting holds you to the pageswith their were more to it to read
this cd is a classic . if you love quartet then this is a must have .
read all the reviews , so i ordered one size bigger . no complaints .
my husband loved all these books season one though season eightwould recommend them to anyone who likes to read , thanks
this book just shows what to do and doesn't waste time with extras . the book got me what i needed .
complete rnb apple loops library is a product which makes me easy to composing new songs .
cautionary tale of the expansion of beauracricies
another great book from geronimo
shirt was all what we expected , needed it for school play and was perfect for his part in the play
so , gotye wins a grammy aren't i prescient ! fine voice , excellent lyrics . that 's all for now now now now now now
sits nice and high very good .
thanks for the flag love this flag reminds me of home taking it to afghanistan will do business again soon
i purchased these spoons for my old month . they are fantastic . i would definitely buy them again .
i really enjoy reading and this was a good book and look forward to reading other works by this author .
love these honey drops ! it's a perfect sweet after lunch .
case is well constructed , offers good protection . am able to charge it with cover closed . very satisfied with this purchase .
i gave this book a four stare rating the book kept my interest i would recommend this book my sister .
great product , fun for the kids ! was fast on getting here . would recommend to others , thankshappy summer to you all
does exactly what it is supposed to do . snug fit on both sides , not worried about either side falling out .
these are amazing ! the craftsmanship , color , attention to detail , are all phenomenal . these will never go out of style . ever .
i found the peek a boo kids really made my gardens look nice ! they are well made and pretty .
fits nicely in your hand , is light as a feather glides smoothly across all tablets . the pen writes easily .
best vacumn cleaner i have ever used .
this is the perfect size for a hall table ! very easy to put together . took about minutes ! would definitely recommend !
so glad they gave us another great album ! this album has a lot of the tragic kingdom feel to it .
great flip flop for the price and very comfortable compared to slim and flat soles that have no cushion . recommend .
very good product . making gnocchi is so much easier and faster . thank you for this wonderful product !
have only had the opportunity to try it out . it appears to operate as it advertises .
i purchased as gift and am sure se'll love them . they match her other dishes .
i like this book it touches me it's emotional but kinda a thrill and i liked it very muchreally
i love the pjs and so does my month old son . he was so happy to see it
great clips works well with sectional sofa
colors exactly as pictured . love it . very cute rug , looks great in a kid's bathroom , and the pile is soft
dos passos delivers big time , clear , concise writing with realistic dialougue that reveals the characters through their own words . a classic !
works great . replaced a cable that had cracked and no longer worked . very pleased . would order it again . thank you
try it for that young couple who are expecting . a lovely lovey for a baby . too bad it's been discontinued . eh ?
i bought these for my wife and she really loves them , and i think they really look great on her .
must love cats is a sweet program . always entertaining and educational . hope to see more episodes on dvd soon . thanks
perfect . i really liked them . met my standards i'm thinking bout ordering more very soon thanks very much for this .
this was cheap but worked great . no problems with connectivity at all . only wish for a longer cord , otherwise perfect .
this book is so inspiring ! truly cupcake brown is a diamond in the rough ! must read !
why pay 's of dollars when you can buy this and it does everything a k cup coffee maker should do
very good series . look forward to each episode
i have purchased isotoner ballerina slippers before , they are as comfortable and as great as always ! i wear them everyday !
they're awesome ! i'm a size and they fit pretty good for a size . . i love them ! pretty cool
more than i expected , and free ! not yelling , just happy . had much more useful info than i had expected
too warm to use right now , but looks very cute and warm . i am sure our pups will love it !
this shirt was true to size . very comfortable to wear and looks awesome . extremely happy with my purchase . would recommend .
poignant , funny , and relatable . the characters felt like people i knew in another lifetime . well written and well thought out .
i love this bingo game . easy to use and fun to play . a wonderful combination . i would recommend to anyone .
bought this to learn more about biodiesel . it was easy to understand and gave great ideas on how to implement .
the heart pendant is nice but the chain is really cheap so plan to buy a new chain after purchase
brain warp is a solidly good game . lots of fun and good for parties ! breaks the ice !
great product , that was nicely packaged and promptly shipped . worked both with my laptop windows vista and year old desktop .
so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool . can't wait for the next book number twelve !
wonderful book . enjoyed it so much i purchased one for my mom and sister in law
these zippers are perfect for my project .
these are very good batteries . going to buy more very soon . would recommend to everyone . very easy open packaging also .
i just got the mouse and it was just plug and play , work great with my artheritis thank you . , great
substantial pen and the mechanism works beautifully . good weight . i want every color .
this is a very handy and useful tool as well as conveniet . it is also free and right at fingertips .
great book , and written to keep suspence throughout the book even though the outcome is already known
great look , and my girlfriend absolutely loves . also , the price was right ! i definitely am a fan of this product .
i really enjoy the show but i wish i could get season two i got season one and three .
perfect for oz cups .
hey it's toilet paper , it does what you want it to do . comes in a nice shade of white . would purchase again .
a little confusing at first , but ultimately great for netflix viewing . i would highly recommend this product to a friend
cuts good so far . battery could charge faste , r but they want you to buy a fast charger for that . one
my wife loves the videos that are packaged with this cd . her favorite is you ought to be with me .
just as advertised exact replacement
great
powerful movie with great music !
good book
bought these as a gift and they seem to like them . they are a nice pair of glasses for money .
fits my nex perfectly . real leather that feels sturdy and not too flimsy . can't beat it for the price .
a quality product and timely delivery . thank you .
many funny songs ! it's so exciting . love these songs . love app !
for major problem areas it will take several bottles to work . be patient and you will see results in time .
just brings back old , old memories ! we had a christmas tree like that one year because of finances back then .
not kem cards quality , but for the price is an excellent product . i'm happy playing poker with my family .
exactly what my husband was looking for . fit the gun perfectly . my husband has used this and absolutely loves it !
easy and fast . just like this review . this system needed thirteen more words for this review . so here they are .
love this product ! best vitamin c serum i've used . smell is wonderful ! my skin tone is so smooth and even .
seems like simple common sense don't fill your body with poisons and carcinogens and you'll stay healthy longer . duh .
the perfect size purse for me . quality construction with plenty of storage space . i like the color and the style .
i had bad luck with casecrown viewstand case for ipad air . but this one is slim and has great fit .
i really enjoyed this e book . sandra panting is new to me but i will look for more of her selections .
swift delivery , perfect product , durable item a recipe for success . i'll order from this company again .
a very nice and high quality unit at a hard to find and affordable price point . runs like a top !
i really enjoyed this book ! it answered some questions i had after reading the previous books in this series .
if you love coconut you will love this water . it truly does taste like drinking it right from the source .
she's dome it again . what a great collection of songs with one bette r than the next .
very sweet garden set . sturdy metal tools with duck handles . well made product . will consider other sassafras products in future .
i love the color of this purse . it is very light weight and roomy
this was exactly what i expected great price the magnet tip was helpful , made it easy too disassemble my control
i love everything about this spoon rest . size , color , shape ! and it's dishwasher safe ! i plan to use this one forever .
it keep me interested to see what would happen next just wish that it was taken a little futher on
coolawesomefun and creative director of heaven clean version of a problem with the wheel of a problem with the wheel
a well told story about a kid who finds out that his dad is a god .
everything i expected . got the phone to complement a base set i already had .
great unit
great product ! helped control my appetite gives me extra energy with no jitters ! will be buying again for sure !
i love that they are so easy to use and don't have harsh chemical smells .
did they just steal this from hbo's crashbox show and switch it up a bit ? just asking , don't be offended .
most enlightening . i loved it and look forward to reading more of scott hahn's books . scott has a great gift .
this is an enjoyable game . have a little bit of trouble getting the objects to move when i touch them .
worked great in my printer for a fraction of the cost !
it's looks like it does in the picture and fit my laptop perfectly . so it's a really cool deal yeah
this game is super fun . my whole family enjoys it . not sure what more i can say about it
had to use googleearth to keep up with all his travels . enjoyed this approach and actually learned a few things .
works as advertised .
product is as described and well priced . item used in my aimpoint optic . item has great shelf life , fresh manufacture .
reminds me of my youth . those times were great . s were my youth . performers like them made life much more enjoyable .
its fun to play and it will keep you busy all day long . download it let the good times roll
phillips cable is pretty bad , always have issue with the original , this cable perfect , plug it , worked fine . very good
this app is amazing . it can help you find things easily . plus it will sit there and talk to you !
comes in a cool little tin that you can stock full of survival items . i love it . worth the money .
this product is a steal from ordinary gauge makes music sound richer highs silker
this powered my iphone s for days thats with gaming in a power outage .
i am very much satisfied by the laptop bag i received . i would certainly recommend it to others
had this on lp when originally released ! always looking for updated to current standards releases from my teenage years !
i've used cascade for years and these finish powerballs clean rings pun intended around cascade products . just try them !
the book is still in great condition and i received the book in a good time range .
my little boy loves this . he tries to pretend he is playing the actual game with all his plushes . awesome .
works perfectly for my tablet
april may paula cole sex , soul and . gwyneth paltrow natalie imbruglia third eye blind godzilla lost in space
great addition to queen collection .
easy to follow . does not require much effort to follow . alternate positions available for tougher poses . overall a relaxing alternative
the best of all the front page adaptions , still holding on to ben hechts cracking dialouge from the play .
this sign is exactly as i expected . i have a lemon themed kitchen and the sign goes perfect . highly reccommended !
i have no complaints . logitech makes a great product . there are other mice for cheaper but don't work as good .
after accidentally leaving our camera at a vacation condo , this is a perfect replacement at a reasonable cost . thanks amazon !
this was an angel tree gift for a little yr old girl . seemed to be well made and a good value !
i have no complaints , everything i need is in this book . i will be purchasing another one soon in december .
este es el segundo que tengo del mismo modelo , el primero me duro a ntilde os , lo recomiendo ampliamente . .
they are great and i got them on time . great preens for teenagers that drive . they loved all of them
enjoyed this book . easy , beneficial , great graphics ! this is one book i enjoyed reading and feel like i learned from .
great game . makes you think about the next move ! we play several games in a row . like !
great boredom buster . i'm . a sahm with little nurslings so when i'm pinned down it is good tohave something to . do .
i really love these lollipops , as does everyone that i've ever made try them . will def repurchase over and over !
we grace the pages with an analysis of history and a comprehension of reality . an insightful journey .
great color and cute style for all day comfort . would not wear as evening shoe just a bit too casual .
response time a little slow but hey for a budget priced device this one is pretty good .
you can't find this price on the open market . natural hair to wash and style . great item . highly recommend it .
another disney triumph . a real family movie , plus the life and death struggle . you watch from beginning to end . enjoy !
its a face mask . that is about it . it has velcro for adjusting size , and it has a breathing vent .
we will see when it come up
can't wait for the next one ! they just keep getting better and better ! i'm never disappointed . i love your work !
awesome in a compact equipment . well worth the pricew in quality of sound and quality of workmanship .
perfect way to take with you your entire product and your camera and also a way to protect them
good happily ever after story . could have had more steamy sex . quick read . would recommend book and author . the end
squirts and its nice because you don't have to refrigerate
this is a great car for young hands . very simple and basic . lots of fun for my four year old .
just perfect ! perfect fit , look and feel
it arrived soon enough and intact . entertaining movie .
although this book is pretty old is still a valuable reference point for delphi programmers . alas no attached source code .
amplio libro detallista y cientifico explicado de una manera sencilla y unificadora , caracteristicas propias de quienes dominan la materia . l eacute anlo .
beautiful piece of equipment . love the look of it , love the feel of it . can't wait to use it !
this is a game that requires imagination . in a good way . let your mind wander and have a blast
great
my daughter loved this case . she loves anything with peace signs ! now her daughter wants one for her kindle fire .
replaced the entire pen because it was the same price as replacing the batteries . works fine
the brush is very soft . the brush works nicely applying products and foundation . i am definitely happy with my purchase .
these glasses are a great shape for sipping sniffing and are much easier to store than big , bulb snifters .
one of my favorite concerts . love the cd . all star concert at it's best !
screws that were with it were too short to attach the gnomon . otherwise it was fine
the mighty bright xtraflex clip on light is the best book light i've used . by far .
i would reccomend that anyone who wants to be healthier , more fit , or just overall feel better take this product
this is a great read for anyone who takes pride in true american heroes who serve our wonderful country . rvermill pldi
slow
i liked this book . so far i have enjoyed all of her books and recommend this author all the time .
well written and insightful . needed something to read on vacation and selected sphere after recently reading jurassic park by crichton .
affordable , easy to use and makes good soft serve in minutes . just make sure the ice is frozen solid .
it serves good to make fotos of the jevelry and gems that we offer for sale . need it for pictures .
for graduate students this is a must have for thesis or dissertation writing for avoiding weak writing technique and plagiarism .
just love it . it matches the style of the previous extended versions . so it is an addition to a set
a little on the narrow side right out of the box . a couple days of 'breaking in' and are getting better .
great hat fan . perfect to stay cool in the summer . it is the best .
good product , i like iti've been using this for the past years , no complaints at all .
great easter present for my granddaughter . she was so thrilled to find it in her easter basket on sunday morning !
we needed this for a rd grade curriculum day and it was perfect . all the kids wanted to wear it .
of course can't compete with prime but quite useful zoom .
i like it !
i love this hat . fits well ! i love the colors and the design of the hat . i would recommend it !
very good product , i like it very much almost use very day and night . it's make me feel moisture and conformable .
the information on essential oil were helpful especially on how to achieve the best results combinning exercise and oils together .
watch your back . i'll be waiting . come out and play . it's nice out . i'm going to kill you . impression of herobrine
i have always loved rockport shoes . very comfortable ! when i shop for shoes , always rockport . know what i'm buying . great shoes !
it was slow to capture my grandchild's attention to begin with , but once it really got going , she enjoyed it .
just what i expected . a good product .
i bought this to act as a headboard for a bed in one of my spare rooms . it looks amazing !
great books ! loved them both . hope there more in the future . karen kingsbury is now one of my favorite authors .
love the puzzle aspect of figuring out patterns of fights . nice graphics , and armorial renders . keep the updates coming out .
best toolkit book for the young investor i have come across . ideas are clear and the structure is excellent . brevity .
we buy my daughter alot of princess stuff and she loves reading this is a perfect gift for her .
great book for players and coaches ! must read for anyone looking to better themselves in any sport , especially in baseball .
i like this product . works great , i use every day , it is extremely accurate , fits comfortably in pocket not noticeable
omg ! this double disk cd has been in my cd player on a non stop rotation ! i love it !
love these mom pants ! great look !
there is good information in the book with guidelines for what is healthy for us and what is not .
keeps you on the edge of your seat ! great series with lots of twists and turns in the plot !
it needed one more lift , but it works fine , the color is beautiful and it sits against the wall perfectly .
great series
kids love watching again and again . good humor and great soundtrack . voice acting is paired perfectly . good adaptation of story .
i like the size of this wallet for my purse . i am trying to downsize and this does the trick .
great american twist to a great british series . still maintains two of the most loved characters from the original bbc .
best cartoons ever . they don't make them like this anymore . nice to be able to watch it on amazon prime .
item just as described . this is used in conjunction to your regular screw driver . sturdy item and worth the investment .
i train clients in their homes and thishas added so many more options to my client's workouts . very portable too !
this . is . the . best . very funny and appropriate for everyone . there is a similar book that is also worth investing in !
i got this to replace the power supply on a brother bjc printer . works . it is actually the oem part .
looks exactly as expected . can fit a great deal of books in it . just right for high school and trips
maxboost iphone s case fits my phone perfectly . i love the simple yet sleek design . thanks for a great product !
isaacson delivers an insightful biography recounting the life and times of one of this generations greatest creative and technological innovators
i loved it .
love the sound of these chimes and the color , but strong winds can cause some of the pieces to break .
i love mark harmon and the rest of the ncis team it take some to get used to no ziva
work great ! sure makes changing diapers a breeze . so glad we decided to give bongos a try ! sure didn't disappoint .
i love it beacause its big and it is good for youtube videos and im trying to be a partner
everything you always wanted to know about excel and then some . very nice illustrations with in depth explanations . easy to understand .
they fit her great she is very happy with the purchase , they also shipped on time and fast . good packageing
i purchased this cd dvd for my grandmother for christmas . she loved it !
a great band from the 's and 's . this collection contains some of their best material and is very enjoyable .
these are adorable and comfortable . i just love them ! you will be so happy with them and love them too .
for these shoes are really good , with good grip and stability . recommended for everyone who enjoy doing cross fits
this is the only kind of diapers i will buy . the big box delivered is great .
suits is a constantly changing , credible , adaptable and captivating show . i hope this show continues for many years to come .
this story is my favorite christmas story . i have watched it every christmas and i really enjoyed reading this story .
great product . i'm not a skier but use these to do k's in the winter and they are perfect .
good book for children . very interesting . great for all children , especially younger ones . it's just what children need to learn and understand !
nice cd of assorted recipes from taste of home tho not totally able to get to all of the recipes .
inspiring ! a must read book for everyonewho ever had some tough timeshe is so brave ! bring along the tissue box !
enjoyed the short story . my daughter loved it too . such an easy book to make interactive and enjoyable for th children .
super awesome !
love the story line , even though the beginning was a bit dragie . but i kept reading and got sucked rite in
good read . i think everyone in life has this question and it helps view our situations from a new perspective .
received the radio quicker than expected . the unit met or exceeded expectations . i would definitely purchase from this supplier again .
the product was as described and arrived in short order . i will certainly shop here again . good value .
i love this app ! it's good for people who like to use their brains and think . irecommend it for everyone !
very high level of detail for a plastic toy . the kids will love it .
a solid tee
does exactly what it is supposed to do . fits perfectly over the cords and protects the plugs from the elements .
the kitchen fairy and wizard . we're gonna put out the fruits and the wonderful juices flowing . drink and drink it every day .
oh my god people ! it is very very cool , it is amazing ! i can not tell nothing more . but it .
interesting short story with a sweet and spicy twist . i certainly liked casey's character and strength . easy reading . thanks abby .
i love love love love love this book . my favorite book ever ! i wish i could give it stars !
interesting , well written and provocative stories of women growing up in families that struggled with drinking , family , relationships and self esteem .
excellent !
i love this ruler , its's so easy to work with . it's a great tool for drawing and for my caligraphy proyects .
the design will work well throughout the year and looked great with a variety of ribbons for christmas . nice quality .
i am totally joining gymnastics now . thanks april ! i am definitely buying the rest of her books . great value ! yay
good for the money you pay . giving star because it does not clean very hard stains off the dishes .
it's emo , hardcore and punky all into one . great , i can listen to these guys forever !
i use it all the time for inspiration at my fingertips i love these videos ! great job odyssey networks !
the product csme on time and works good .
this product is oem for the shopvac . works perfect , great price and arrived early . thanks .
my granddaughter loved applejack withe the rockin' guitar ! she hadn't seen that one before , she was surprised on her birthday .
perfect match for indoor security system which required long lasting battery support . will buy more if needed . good quality also .
my two year old daughter loves it ! she checks me and checks her toys i would purchase it again
great show !
this is what i've been looking for . it works great on my ford and mazda trucks . i strongly recommend this .
really cute fancy nancy book great christmas story too ! my girls love these books .
liked the book ! great plot and delivery . read second honeymoon first and actually liked it a bit more . enjoyable read !
i enjoy new ideas and found many of them in the mag . i will keep pages noted for future remodels .
fits great , looks great . i like how the power button on top of the phone is unobstructed by the case .
my flag has been flying in moderate to heavy winds for three weeks now and has not tangled at all .
i absolutely loved reading this book ! what a fascinating woman . can't wait to read the other books in the trilogy .
great read
nice size for the lockerts representing a special initial of a special person . would be ordering another initial soon ya !
another awesome story from ms gena lutzi could not put this downit is a must read ! amazing job gena
easy set up , not as many alerts when you narrow down the area . quite happy with the unit .
dialogue made me laugh out loud , which is not common . not what you expect in a mystery romance . very engaging characters
the product shipped fast and was a piece of cake to install . no complaints . the price was better than most .
kinda wish there was a pink and a brown crayon in there instead of four different variations of red though !
probably one of my alltime favorite series ever , love actors , casting , writing , you fall inlove with entire family and want it to never end
aa met expectations . best i have eber used . the suction ia awesome . easy to clean . you won t be dissapointed . excellent !
very good little speakers . they gave me a surprise when i hook them up . gives that home theater sound to your tablet .
this is what i wantedit was part of a battery chargerand is a necessary part to the charger
just what i was looking for . compact and lightweight .
excellent for carrying the cell in pants pocket , ans the stand it's a plus , good material , good option . muy recomendado .
the kids love them !
i give this bingo bash app a five star rating because it is easy to use and fun to play .
great gift . my mom is on almost a completely vegan diet and she loves this book .
a fabulously entertaining and interesting read , couldn't put it downi think it's a best sellerhope it's not her last book
mellow and awesome at the same time . nothing flashy just good soothing tones . chet must have liked him for a reason .
lime green graphic colors that matches some of my outfits . now i have the perfect ensemble .
well printed , well edited and an excellent resource for designers and creative individuals .
great product at a great savings . was looking for an affordable replacement for intuit , these envelopes are precisely the ones .
great movie to watch over the weekend , my kids liked it and found it to be better than they expected .
works very well for the class i am taking . make sure workbook comes with it , it is very informative .
if you want perfect case your iphone s this is the best item for you . you will love this case
this is very flexible , it kinda hurts if ur lip gets swollen . it looks awesome though . love the pronged diamond .
this item met my every expectation . my godson loves it . very durable and it met the description that was given .
good price and great quality for genuine hp ink cartridges . will purchase them again or maybe purchase the xl size .
comfortable
i used these for a celebration of life party . everyone loved them . they were just what i wanted . thank you !
this plant is very life like . colors are pretty . goes well on my bathroom vanity . love the plant . very pretty !
part fits perfectly . no problem with installation . part is just right . it took about minutes to install in the wall .
i am writing a book and enjoy scrivener to organize chapters . it is easy to useand works great for me !
got it immediately as expected . good movieson loves it and has added it to his collection . will miss paul forever .
these come in assorted sizes , identify keys , and prevent keys from clanking . i can't think of anything else to say !
very well written book with many twists and turns . held your attention the entire time and had a fast start .
it went up easily . the antenna attaches quickly and easily to the mount . strong enough for heavy winds and rain .
heart's best . what more could you want from a heart album . magic man , dreamboat annie , rock and roll , dog and butterfly
i've had this for over a year and it has held up well . the emblem is embroidered with nice colors .
just what i wanted
these puzzles are addicting . i enjoy them , helps me relax .
i love the delorme program and the earthmate gps . they work very well . the program is easy to use .
purchased the series as a gift for my sister in law . she enjoyed them very much . now i get to read them .
saves time searching for answers and cuts out all the fluff . a must have for paper writing .
v c andrews is one of my favorate authors , her entire series from book one i suggest you read today
these books in this trilogy are the real tribulation force story . read them all . get ready world , here he cometh !
this game is really entertaining . especially for a free app and it has good graphics as well . i recommend it
i enjoyed this book so much ! it was very informative and helpful and also encouraging . thank you , gena and mary !
this book is very inspirational ! these are very special people who do not let life's challenges get in their way !
nice product but slow delievery
interesting book with a good non mathematical approach ! i recommend this book highly . easy read too . nothing proven of course .
i found this book to be sweet and compelling read . the characters do a great deal of introspective reflection . good
i use this for my floatation bag ! it's perfect ! i know if i dump my bag stays with the kayak !
grandbaby loves the brushes they do not pull her hair like other brushes
great looking hat fits comfprtable and does not absord a lot of moisture , i use it as a golf hat !
excellent tv .
love these lids ! so durable and are easy to open with one hand .
this surge protector has a solid housing as well as every type of connection needed to protect any home theater .
my baby was a frequent spitter upper , but since switching to this she hasn't spit up at all . great stuff !
these are awesome ! the curls are fantastic and take a lot less time and effort than the heated curling iron .
a birthday request from my son . it was a little difficult to find , but glad i did . he was thrilled !
this game is awesome you get to do a lot of ridding play in and talking care of your horse
i started reading this book and could not put it down until i finished it ! fascinating and very historically relveant !
if it doesn't strip out what can you say about a bit ? this one was fine .
love this show , wish they had more episodes on amazon prime . still the ones that are on there are classics .
does exactly what it claimed to
my son loves it and hops on it and rides everytime he sees it ! works as advertised and great value !
very good book . well written and suspenseful . if you like a good suspense read , then you will like crossed hairs .
it worked for my project .
excellent product , just what i was looking for my vehicle , remain very satisfied with the product , would recommend this provider
really enjoy the shirt . benn a python fan for years
works slightly
great product . goes on smooth and provides the benefits of vitamin c with excellent results .
these are some very nice cables , happy with their performance , very good quality , glad i bought this set over others
easy to install , great comfort ! very nice and stylized . useful at all !
an additional function to get the gps . garmin as always with excellent products . easy to install in the vehicle . good construction .
it was on time in good condition and i enjoyed the reading thank will order from you any time
i love watching these persuasive shows ! they make you think there are a lot of unexplained questions from the past .
fit as expected . outgassing a bit , but better after a wash and will go away soon . good buy . i am happy .
great movie . i have read the story with my rd graders and this movie went along perfectly with the book .
this game is great ! it provides you with a fun way to set a goal , exercise and lose weight !
interesting product . a small gadget .
great writing , difficult material .
the headset is great it's user friendly and it allows me to do other things while i'm on the phone .
great snack cup equals a fruit servging great to nibble on with no guilt and with added health benefits
i bought these for my daughter for christmas and she loves them . they are very well made with quality structure .
the product was excellent , great price , and the shipping method was on time . thank you for great service .
clever , thrilling and nicely staffed and decorated . i liked it .
it is nice awesome qualtiy . it is awesome one . it is good price . it really makes u warm . i highly recommand this
pinkerton's sister is a very compelling story , i found it hard to put down . recommended !
i really liked my cell phone case !
perfect for beginners and experienced .
this gives great insight on setting up ranges for realistic training . this aided in developing a unit marksmanship program while deployed .
perfect moisturizer and frangrance all in one
this prop works great as a replacement for my boat . came with everything needed for installation for a good price
bought this because it was so cheap and will make a great gift because ? it makes ice cream
loved it ! having a hard time waiting for more ! they just keep getting better and better ! can't wait for more !
each cloth is individually packaged . easy to throw in a camera bag , purse , etc . they are a very nice quality .
excellent product ! compact , nice screen , good system and resolution , android rocks ! i made an excellent purchase , i would recommend it .
great watch ! it's very thin , light weight and waterproof looks gret too ! i get compliments on this watch .
these work fine and i've used them over and over for about a year now .
worked as designed . no poop spilling out everywhere .
good fun for toddlers and preschoolers . my kids really like it . educational and colorful . really keeps their attention . thank you .
wonderful book , we need a few people like mitch rapp , one of the best developed charecter ever . way to go vince !
my month old son loves it ! we read it at least once a day .
i like this phone . it has all the features i need . what can i say its a samsung .
good deal .
awesome , totally does the job ! i have very long thick hair and i was extremely happy with tis product
this is a great app ! lots of fun . challenging , but not extremely difficult . i am looking forward to more levels .
great book with lots of information for runners looking to pr bq . finally something that is not just for first timers .
these are the most comfortable sperrys ive had yet . they're soft and fit great !
excellent .
my daughter wanted this for christmas so i got them for her . she loves them and uses them every day .
i love family feud , and was excited to see it available for kindle fire . i just wish typing was easier .
i luv this game and i only had it for ten minuteswow wow wow luv it soooo much !
whether its lucas gun oil or fuel injector cleaner , the brand lucas has always been a name you can trust !
exactly as stated in description . this was a good replacement keyboard from the one i had . just like new . would definitely recommend !
boo and cassie really eat this like they have not had eaten in days . actually they eat every we hours .
as was offered and very good price , very good quality and seems to be like the original . without any claim .
this little known song , sung by the superb placido , is my number one favorite christmas song . give it a try !
these are great . longer stiffer handles are better than expected . a little pricey , but you get what you pay for .
my daughter loves this doll . she goes perfectly with the miworld .
this produce tis very sturdy and does what it is suppose to do . now my ceaning tools are finally organized .
excellent product arrived right on time .
longer and a little bit thicker than what i can find in stires . works for me .
this is a great show good family entertainment without all the reality bologna ! the plot story line is wonderful .
once i got a replacement for the inoperable compass on the first staff , it worked perfect . a hiking necessity .
a must for any home owner . works on sugar ants too have not seen one since i treated the outside
excellent product , matched my guess slippers perfect
great ! compatible with blackberry pearl and works great ! the numbers keys aren't as accessible but other than that , great !
a whacked out and possibly drug induced book . i mean that in a good way .
a great cd to listen to . i wouldn't recommend listening to it on the go however
fun and informative . shared with the family . would have purchased the book , but it was free on kindle . absolutely fantastic !
this product works very well . i like the shine and how they small , very useful product . works great ! thanks !
good service . works great .
the review s on these pillow cases were correct , very nice color and pattern . very good quality .
the series is true to life and i love the acting ability of its stars . find out for yourself soon .
very nice decal and sticks perfect to the wall . easy to apply without mess . i recommend this decal to all .
i gave this to my son for christmas and he was very very happy . he loved the series . great deal .
perfect ! fit like socks ! you should always order a size underneath your regular show size ! can't wait to order more !
good family entertainment with a touch of the backwoods
crisp clear picture . great price . perfect for xbox gaming . bought samsungs . wish i bought more .
great shoe
this was an awesome buy . cwe got just what we expected and the case was a real bonus
important read for persons wanting to mature in their spiritual life . church staffs should be required to read and discuss .
my son in law , a contractor , thinks it's great .
this game is totally awesome . rocks . nsuck balls . my mom . randomnsh t boys boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy
i bought one to prove it and now i have four . that's it ! practical and enjoyable . it's a must
works great , and arrived fast , highly recomended . i give it stars simplyfor the price you can not beat it !
this works great doesn't let any water escape and it matches out bath mat perfectly . easy to clean as well .
i'm glad with my new case . is a cute cellphone case . good election i wanna buy the blue one . thanks
mccoy is a master , and this cd contains some of his masterpieces . a must have for any jazz lover's collection .
been doing yoga with lilias since , when i was she is still the best . perfect for all ages .
so far this has worked very well . for the price it is a good product . it is small and portable .
awesome kights for daytime and nightime driving . harness is bit kong for a bike but easy to sokice and install
great product . it looks very stylish and well . i just love this thing to death ! totally a good buy !
individual sizes were enough to satisfy my dessert craving . wish i could have given a box as a gift . tasty !
the greatest film ever with the greatest actor ever godfather
very good reading i enjoyed the whole series i cant wait for another one i really enjoy samanatha price books
recommended by our dermatologist , it seems to have helped with my husbands skin problems while helping him look more youthful
not only does this appeal to artists , but it appeals to those who like brain teasers ! this is very addictive !
my favorite song on the album . i highly recommend it to fans of u and non fans alike . enjoy it .
with secret's history of being a good product , this fragrance is wonderful . i am happy with my purchase .
this has helped me stay organized and prepare dishes very quickly . this works well and takes minimal space to store !
extraordinary filming and a great production . i can watch it over and over again . good lesson for humanity too .
this is my first steffen book but it won't be my last one . it is full of emotions and intrigue .
i have found this product easy to use , stores in small cupboards . weighs potatoes as easily as flour .
great product , just as described . it left all my white stained clothe with out a stain and bright as new .
got this in subscribe and save for my mom , she loves it ! she can't find it any of the stores .
story was so so but the tip at the end was really great and brought the story into perspective . thanks
i read alot and i find that i am enjoying this authors books , she has a good story line
i love it , holds my phone and small things when i don't want to carry my big purse . easy to carry .
glad to have found these on line . i like the hepa option for my vacuum and price was very reasonable .
good shipping , good bike . to start biking . it's perfect . it cam with tools and everything . color match to the picture . love it ! fast
i really enjoyed this short novel the story line was good the characters sweet this book is a good read
perfect , keeps everything dry
great colors and a nice touch to greet people for a baby shower .
great track destined to be a classic . a great example of the mule sound that i enjoy so much .
interesting account of the some of the people on all four sides , both before and during ww ii in europe .
i use this to make my winter dry skin body butter and this is nice and pure shea butter
very nice , fine finished case , nice color , rubber but strong and looks perfect , little darker than the photo but good .
this is a great product . i would reommend it to my friends . my dog is always is alwys trimmed well
good collection . some of the audio was less than stellar , though . i would recommend this to my friends without hesitation .
lo recomiendo es muy bueno la aaplicaci oacute n h h min h vh u uh h ahhhh h g tu j
direct fit .
i'm not really a sci fi lover except for this show ! i'll have to look for a fan club !
would have liked to know it was as small as it was before purchasing . was thinking they would be bigger .
a classic that should not be missed . robert redford directed and acted , always a good combination . enjoy viewing your movie .
most you can do on your own , but having them all together is awesome . new to vegan and love it .
perfect condition for a great price . my kids were very happy to get the latest version of this great series .
use in my warm humidifier chamber during cold season . just enough scent to make room a cozy place to sleep
loved this book was smart , sassy , hot , great read . this was a good book with great story along with hot fun
i would recommend this product to everyone because the bible has some life changing stuff in its pages . good reading !
matches my red curtains perfectly . you have to fluff out the pedals bt once you do it looks so pretty .
this cd is awsome . these guys can do any thig from metal to soft rock .
i like the auto lock feature , never worry about forgetting locking the door at night . will buy more if needed .
great variety ! very sturdy ! colorful ! these cutouts were a great addition to our son's first birthday party . they were exactly as described .
i play this game all the time , its an oldie but a goodie . recieved well ahead of schedule , very happy !
awesome , the best fallout yet game of the year is totally worth itwould highly recommend to any type of gamer
very warm slippers . only problem is i'm and they just fit me . other than that they are great .
i purchased this as a fathers day gift . my father seemed to love it ! i received it just in time !
i found this book refreshing , with practical mini lessons i plan to use in my middle school language arts classroom .
les chaussures sont parfaites pour moi . l eacute g egrave res , confortables et en plus le design est tr egrave s beau . je suis enti egrave rement satisfaite !
couldn't put it down . restored my faith . the burpo's are truly an amazing family . thank you for sharing your story .
my son loved this . he is addicted to wwe so i was happy to fond this stocking stuffer for him .
this item was awesome the cake turned out beautiful . anyone having a disco themed event i would recommend this product .
i thought i would never find this song it was play at my wedding and i almost lost my mind
very happy .
this game is fun . i like the newer version with different words . makes me use this dusty , old brain of mine !
the guy that replaced my screen cause i dropped my ipad said this cover was the best on the market
i absolutely suck at this game but it is great fun . download it and pass some time at the dmv .
it serves its purchase . i use this item for tissue paper collages . it is a stronger adhesive than school glue .
worked nicely
oooooo great , it as been a couple of years since i have been lindt lindor truffles plan on justing some
great product . clean and pure ginkgo making my own energy pills and this product fits the bill .
this series is great !
nice pj's . good fabric . the legs are wider than i like overall they are good . the price is very good
lyrics are ridiculous ! but it has a very catchy beat . easy to sing along and it's perfect for my workout .
can't wait for the next one !
this is about the only bond movie i like , not much into other bond movies maybe one or two more
these were lovely and as advertised . these and a hot glue gun really jazzed up our halloween costumes this year .
great bingo basket , has everything you need . wife loved it . would buy another for a friend or for a gift .
i ordered this for a friend and it came very quickly and was really nice quality no complaints !
between skyfall and casino royale , daniel craig has brought new life to james bond . enjoyed skyfall very much . highly recommend .
i think is the best product of romwe ! so strong to wear with romwe's tank top i think ! romwe forever
i got this decorative wine glass for my sister for christmas . the glass if very cute and extremely good quality !
loved it ! great story . one of my favorite books ! definitely worth the money ! awesome book d i couldn't put it down .
item arrived on time and appears to be in good shape .
product is as described . purchased to switch sigma computer between two bicycles . works as expected , a quality product . thank you
gets you through a headcold pretty efficiently and does so with a nice fuzzy feeling that puts you to sleep
both my children love this app . fun creating different drawings . my daughter loves that she can save and share her creations .
great watch got it quick . design of the band reqiires a smart watch repair person to adjust the band .
thanks for the monitor . it works really well and is easy to use . instructions for use is very clear too .
my husband loves it since he cooks all the bacon . he says it cooks flat and crispy
item was good quality and exact replacement .
seldom have i read a book with which i agreed more completely .
my son was hot and cold when sleeping . this book really helped him with his naps ! i recommend this book !
versatile . didn't need the bottom pole . strong and sturdy . easy to put together . with plenty of storage . would recommend it to family .
i'm a huge futurama fan and now that i have this my car and my computer matc h p
this switch is just what i was looking for . works great ! highly recommended . easy hookup with large dial , feels solid !
connects nicely to some yamaha receivers to manage your ipod in your tv songs are shown in the receiver .
fantastic performance at a very good price point . this drove my rockford fosgate punch sub really well .
good mold if you are making soap it's a little hard to remove the barbut otherwise it is fine .
light and easy for young baby to hold as she is learning to do so , and it's cute to boot !
love rosy's attitude ! trey provides entertainment as he figures out what matters most in life ! another hit from carolyn brown !
love this drive , i've been using it for years now and it's still running great . highly recommend seagate drives !
the usb blue tooth is really good for transfering my music to my cell phone . i really like it . thanks
the only drawback to comforter is that it wrinkles easily , otherwise like it very much . colors are as picture depicts .
love it
we like this one very much . it looks nice and there's not a bunch of fancy nonsense to figure out
the steamvac is very easy to put together and even easier to use . you won't be disappointed .
lots of relevant issues , we hope this series keeps going and going . love loren graham and all acting is excellent .
for a short story , i loved this . i do wish it was longer . i'd read more by this author . shaun
this was very easy to apply , and when i applied it , there weren't any bubbles . i really like this product !
my friend has this i found it from her and when i got it it was great i love it
i am almost always very happy with service from amazon . com . this is one of the times i am very happy .
i choose stars because the case is a little snug for the coolpix digital camera though it does fit .
yep it's the right battery for your old swatch watch , even though the numbers have changed a bit . works great .
i love this wallet . holds everything i need . beautuful colors . shipped in no time . will be coming back for more .
this backpack was exactly what i was looking for . the order was on time and was just what we wanted .
classical music as the backdrop for a series . what a concept ! great acting throughout . really enjoyed the pilot . thank you
very good documentary and good visuals . we also enjoyed the insight of the florida everglades . makes a good educatoinal video .
i bought this for my niece's birthday , and she loved it . good for the treasure hunter kid in your life .
great book extremely helpful and a totally different perspective to reading greens . highly recommend for purchase or as a gift
good rope . hasn't rotted yet . very long . defiantly worth buying . would buy again if needed . so buy it already .
this is one of the best books i have read in a very long time . it is truely a classic .
i really enjoyed wired . this was an excellent sequel . makes you think outside the box . i highly recommend both books .
i have been looking all over for this . as of right now i'm enjoying it . i should have ordered more .
it was good , tender and i enjoyed it .
it was farily interesting to me but it took me quite a while to read .
the best french dictionary around .
re read it now , i still love this story and would recommend it to anyone with adventure in their heart .
product arrived fast , wife is very happy with quality and looks . ty geneo
i just love the scent a lot of complements ! recommend it
love this series . lots of action . very entertaining as always . i will read this once a year i am sure .
easy to play with . a big hit at christmas . good quality . pizza box was the ideal package . highly recommended .
i love the stories that this author has written for our enjoyment . such sweet uplifting stories . thank yougina coon
these are great quality , size and the color on the computer screen was accurate . linen color . would purchase more of these .
light works excellent far away . it is exactly that i wanti recommend to keep in your house or car . nice
seven strangers on an unchartered island . love this show . goofy , and funny at the same time . the plot could be plausible .
did exactly what i wanted , good range , amazing features , recommended for users with network based hard drives .
it's a good jeans but my complaint is about the zipper ! the price is great
my feet are horribly dry and this moisturizes w out being greasy . my skin actually absorbs it . this stuff is magic !
the game gets better and better the more you play . starts out easy and gets progressively harder as you continue .
i got this cutting boards for my parents as a gift and they loved them . they were very easy to clean
this is a great item , it wasn't exactly what i was looking for , but it is a great value .
i got this because it was free and the description intrigued me . i loved it ! adorable story line and very sweet !
i just heard mudvayne forget to remember it was awesome the song from the motion picture soundtrack saw ii
it's not a true blue , but blue enough . they do get pretty hot though so be careful . fast shipping . thanks
this is a very good source for people who want to know useful things about backyard foraging . i loved it .
so sorry to learn that season ias cancelled . please rate and see if we can bring it back soon .
life is water is one of my favorite cds from the sim redmond band .
my granddaughter loves it . how can i tell you anything when i have not used the book or read it .
would like more coloer
great research to provide up to date news and freebies for kindle fire . worth the time . to check and investigate . thanks .
we had just re painted our closet bi fold doors , and these were the perfect accessory for them . they look great .
this book has been around for a while . hans anderson was a very good writer . i would recommend rereading it .
wish they would put this in ebook form for kindle i already have it in paper it's and excellent book
great , perfect feel . comfortable and cooling . just the chemical smell stays a while .
a little too hard for my preference but will last a while i'm sure . im new to buying toddler shoes .
i've ordered this costume for my year daughter . i choose size small and it fits well . very nice
i love the dress , it was a little to big under the arm , but other then that it was good .
the tennis racket was an outstanding value since it was on sale . it is a fantastic product ! thank you !
use this all the time . people say i look younger than . they can notbelieve i am not younger .
very helpful and informative . a good portion of the information was eye opening . sometimes it was a little too technical .
daily use has controlled my hair loss . i'm so happy with the changes in my hair .
it was a really good adventure while tom was fighting it in the sea water's i really liked this book .
very easy to read a really entertaining novel that contains romance cleverly mixed with teen angst .
these are the best of the best , nice quality and very comfortable , perfectheel height . i received many compliments on them .
typical of harlan coben . i loved the twists and turns and i never saw the ending happening like it did .
these covers are just awesome for my ipad . they cover it very well . i would recommend this item . great item
i found these earrings to be great every day earrings ! light . shinny . plus the do not tarnish ! also a great gift !
best toy purchase we have ever made . worth every penny .
my year old son loves fire trucks , so he loved this !
love the x guitar capo . just the right pressure , super fast repositioning . will recommend to my band mates and others .
this book was as described and worked for class . better than buying new from the school book store !
this is a steal for the price , great hoodie , i've worn it everyday since i received it . very excellent quality .
i use my stylus for all touch devices tablets , smartphones etc . it works flawless . i highly recommend to anyone .
just what i expected . my daughter loved it as well .
characters interesting . i couldn't guess the ending . i definitely recommend this for an intriguing mystery without a lot of violence .
the quality is just right and most importantly its cute and plushy . this is definitely a pokemon plush worth buying
i love this artist . have two of their cds now and they are perfect for relaxation and massage .
i really enjoyed reading this book . i couldn't put it down !
pure awesomeness from an obviously from one of the masters of weird fiction who loves lovecraft even more than i .
stark but moving . a train wreck of a story but a beautiful journey . captivates all the through to the end .
it transformed the entire feeling of shifting in my v mt honda accord . much more clicky and sporty feeling .
great i needed this info injury and i was told good book to getmy son in law had a head
she was quite an actress . these films are some of the best she ever made . i highly recommend this collection .
love maggie smith !
read this series . love reading this searies . there are two three book sets . i would buy this anytime ,
i love that they have the colbert report on here , they run a little late but it really dosent matter
great book , not only for kids . the drawings accent the story perfectly . would make an excellent gift . excellent creative duo !
very good quality , great fit , comfortable . choose your favorite team , and you will be happywould recommend to any hockey fan .
so many great free apps that you can download free . great parental control ! the case is very durable too ! love it !
i love this satin sheet set , it is so nice for hot weather . and the softness is of the hook .
amazing product and good fabric , looks great so i would definitely buy another set once the price goes down hopefully
good compilation needs halo of ashes , look at you , all i know and some others to be more complete .
this is a beautiful poster . we ordered it for earth day and plan to display it again in .
perfect reading . if you're looking for different things to read on , choose this . it is a great book to read .
, . , .
really enjoyable . fun and funny ! i loved elsie ! just a total pleasure like all of janet evanovich's books . definitely recommended !
i play with a lot of people and it's challengingmakes you think and work for your score lots of fun
after seeing this band open for p ! nk in london , i had to have this album ! this cd is really good !
a little bulky but functional
i keep the accessories for my battery tender in this pouch . it's not fancy but it works .
i love this game it is really cool . i like all the challenging puzzles and how you have to escape .
i have found wiersbe bible commentary of the ot to be a wonderful resource for preparing to teach sunday school !
very cute when we saw it out of the box . it snaps on very easy . my daughter loves this case .
excellent , as right ratio and strength are provide to be effective , taken as prescribed it does work in raising testosterone levels .
i love southern gospel music and any thing the mckameys sing . their music is very inspirational and uplifting . definitely anointed !
great interpretation . good way to spend a weekend
i liked that this series had elements of the past and future . the story is well connected throughout the series .
how can you not love the way the muppets put a twist on a classic story . great entertainment for all
quality product , fits very well , nice easily opened package . would prefer to choose one color only not the multiple collection
this is a great album with great songs sung by different artists . you should add this cd to your collection
great .
this was so cheap , i was worried about it . ended up working exactly as i needed . product performed perfectly .
is a great case and i love it , fits my phone and the color makes it eassy to find . thank you
this product is great . perfect and the price is wonderful . happy girls at christmas . and the colors are so pretty
this story was so different in a wonderful way from most romance stories . this was incredibly well put together . awesome !
got as a gift for granddaughter , she loves it . nuff said !
the costume fits perfect ! my son loves it his costume . he can't wait to wear it for halloween . happy costumer .
i love this book it is a really good book i recommend it to everyonei can't stop reading the book
pretty basic . the caps are nice to keep the outlets clean . the flexible cord allows it fit in any space . recommend .
i was very pleased with the look of the belt . also the price was good for this type of belt .
its very good and helpful , would recommend to anyone interested in counting points and calculating points from nutrition facts on cartons .
just as expected . the specs are as described , no flaws while testing . would definitely get more when upgrading to gb .
they work
great product . just as described . fit great . awesome service and quick delivery !
good quality one . i like the big size type . would like to have a thinner one . so far so good .
it was required from teacherthis book is goodit helps me a loti'll recommend to my friendsi love it
love the wake sleep feature . thin and durable .
fabulous this was incredible david suchet is the absolute best philip jackson hugh fraser miss lemon are terrific thank you
plug and play , works great . will buy again for next build .
nobody loves nobody . just like the rest of the mr . and ms books they are all great and our favorites .
this bluetooth works will for calls and streaming music i like not having it on my ear all the time
this item is exactly like the one filter that came with the new coffee maker .
a very informative book with great pictures . it will remain in our library forever . we recommend it to all . fantastic !
i bought both jack and sally at the same time cant have one without the other , they were a hit
great storyline , characters so fitting . would recommend to all who enjoy historical novels . transports you to the time very realistically , great read .
special effects are great and loved living in another world for a while . recommend to anyone to watch and enjoy yourselves .
i like clean fresh teeth
very nice , lightweight backpack with many pockets that can be used for goggles , helmet , hydro pack and many other things .
i love this series . it is so much better than reality shows . i like the way they investigate each week .
this us the third time i buy this product . it works great . nothing to say but i fully recommend it .
i love the book because it offers a great way to learn about zen . i would recommend it to anyone .
great book ! really interesting and useful ! even people who aren't runners could learn a lot ! i would recommend this book .
this book was amazing ! i laughed until i cried throughout the whole thing ! i would love to meet his dad !
great stuff .
shirt is a hanes tagless ! soft and super comfortable . now all i need is an amp with l 's in it .
my daughter loved the sneakers . they fit nice and the colors were even prettier in person . i also ordered a pair
good story with a lot of suspense in a short time span . glad my fiftieth birthday wasn't like this one !
it is so awesome . i like to buy stuff and get a helper with money and i like to get ! coins
i read the book but haven't tried anything yet . the information seems to be practical , something everyday households could use .
amazing case , i have had no problems with this , it really does protect like it should , really recommend this case
this one had a different twist . this story was not my favorite , but it was very good all the same !
great ! no problems here .
no complaints here . good price for a good snorkel . i like the quick mask disconnect . product was shipped quickly . .
good read ! on to book which i know would be just as good and can't wait for book
i love it ! i just love it plus i watches the show and it's awesome ! do you like it ? yay tehe
because it is fun and the digimon digivolve on each level and you have many different characters to choose from
it's my kind of music . love that choir and hope to get more of their dvd's in the future . thanks
could not be easier to use and see , even in the dark . replaced the battery twice during that time . recommended .
i use it for fondant and modeling chocolate . it is the easiest thing and better than the hand crank one .
surprisingly well made . looks good . works well and wheels are smooth rolling . the price made me hesitant about the purchase .
i highly recommend this book . if you are ambivalent about what comes after this life this book is for you
a very good continuation of a unique dystopian story line . exactly what is it which makes us human ?
great product at a pretty good sale price . hope to get in on another deal again .
my beagle , sierra , loves these crunchy treats . i love the fact they help clean her teeth while she's enjoying them .
i love my wide angle lens , it rocks ! i'm so happy i decided to purchase it ! thank you so much .
there is just something wonderful about the smooth sounds played by this man and his groups of musicians . love it
i already had one of these , i love it would recommend it . i'm a truck driver works good for me .
works fine in my mac mini i . strongly recommend it over the stock gb the computer ships with .
ordered as a gift for two children , they enjoyed the first film , and the sequel did not disappoint , would recommend
always works . check with your doctor if you're taking it for more then days but it certainly does the job .
loved it !
got it quick , fair price , worked like a charm . nothing much else to say . very satisfied with what i got .
better than buying new . i couldn't get the rear speakers to work , but that was not the dvd players fault .
love tupperware and was wondering if this was for real considering the tupperware price . cheaper here but the real product .
hilary's clean rendition of the mendelssohn is filled with her stunning clarity and finesse . you won't find a better recording .
yepumhumgoodi like piei like cakebut these things are whey betterlaterpie timecake time
another great book by karen kingsbury ! i am going to hate it when the baxters are no longer around !
they are great . they take some time and care putting on but i like them
i totally laughed my ass off . jenny mccarthy is honest and hysterical . i have gained a new found respect for her !
i enjoyed it a lot and i recommend it to as far as one likes modern version of folk music .
the book came to me in the promised number of days , and it's in good decision .
i am very glad i ordered this item . it fits my reading pattern and is very attractive and well made .
it's about time method had refills . great product . just what you'd expect from a hand soap . nothing extraordinary or terrible .
daughter wears them all the time and they fit well . she says they're comfy and everyone always says they're cute !
great product .
tap handle was exactly has described , fits my kegerator perfectly . great addition to my basement bar . would recommend to everyone
excellent !
works as described . make sure the filter built into the lid is the right size for the material being sprayed .
nothing wrong with this product . it is simply a lanyard with the xbox logo all over it . great buy
just got back from vacation where there was a lot of walking . i wish i would of ordered them sooner !
one of the best movies i have seen about 's england . please , please , please release this movie on u . s . dvd .
the charm is bigger than i imagined but its beautiful .
very informative .
this is a great helper for anyone needing just a bit of help writing a little jingle , poem or song .
excellent read !
i love these ! much better than i had hoped for ! they fit exactly like they said they would . thank you .
this product was such a steal ! i love it and it is exactly what i expected . you won't be disappointed .
easy for dau . to play at age . engaging for adult player , too . this is seven more words the end
i really like this case , it fits perfect and looks great . it looks better than some of the more expensive ones .
very nice cover . operates the on off switch automatically and has space for a stylus . good product . i would recommend .
this was book in a book series by this author , i enjoyed all of them very , very much .
this is the kind of experience that makes a person never settle for mediocrocty ! we loved every minute of it !
excelente
what a thing to imagine , great read ! kept me up almost all night to finish it . something to think about .
ten times better than breath from another , and breath from another is on my top ten deserted island list .
needed some firewire to import footage from a canon xl and this did the job ! all in all a great product !
sent these via amazon prime to my grandson who loves them .
looks like an ordinary sandal but has the comfort sole of a croc . very flattering to my feet and ankles .
my grandchildren loves to use them , and i did too . they wont be tapping hard at the keyboard ! . love it
this came as expected , but it took forever . but a cool tool none the less . for stashin my cash , yeah .
got it for my mom ! for christmas she said it was a lil small but she still loved it xd
easy read could not put it down . would recommend it to a family and friends . can wait for book three !
this is a great whisk . the handle is very comfortable . great value !
i love it ! this case is super slim and clear . i would recommend this to my friends and family .
high drama , very emotional . it is no wonder that halle berry won the academy award . billy bob is always great !
this was a devastating , beautiful book . very approachable , very engaging , and very emotionally honest .
for the son and daughter in law and kids who have everything this was the perfect gift they loved getting it !
a wonderful witch to add to my oz collection she looks like the witch in the movies a nice doll .
use at work and love it ! when my first one broke i had to get another . it works great ! thanks !
i give this book four stars because i loved the book but thought there could be more of an ending .
it's small and easy to carryi love de texture and use it a lot to protect the hard drive
loved this movie when i was younger and still love it today ! cloris leachman is hysterical .
battery works great . price was great and the time it took to get was great . what is not to like ?
was an anniversary gift , and she loved it . would definitely recommend . good quality , just a great product in general . awesome !
i bought this as a new graduate and i will not buy another . it's an awesome product for an rn .
the case logic is everything i expected and more . it has lots of storage for accessories and very well constructed .
this book really sucks you into a different time and place ! captivating ! i recommend this book for a good escape !
fast shipping brand new
good size . i like how it keeps a ball of string from being an unraveled mess .
this book is full of action to keep the kids busy !
love this cd had to listen to it gave it as a gift she loves it came in great shape
excellent product excellent service ! i mix a drop with water use as mouthwash . it's much better than regular mouthwash .
easy to use and low profile !
this was a gift for a friend who loves puzzles i'm sure this one kept him busy .
loved mr . mercedes and couldn't put it down . great characters as always and wonderful storytelling ! i wished it wouldn't end .
it is nice to have all of the stories together and it brings you back to your childhood very quickly .
a lovely take on the original version . a very easy and enjoyable read . will be enjoyed by p p fans .
excellent
great book . grabs your attention right away even by the titles . can't wait to read the next day .
it fit perfectly and no hassle . just the way i like it .
simple design , quality leather and manufacturingthat work to keep tool safe and at hand ready to gowhen needed
i loved this book ! i couldn't put it down it was so good from the beginning to the end !
works great and has great battery life . could be better if it was backlit . great price . att wanted dollars
these look and work as described . they are great products for a great price . i would buy again and again .
i love the quality of the sheets they feel like heaven they are extremely soft will really be buying more
this is a very enjoyable series . i enjoy the characters and figuring out who done it . a good cozy mystery .
really great album , fast safe shipping highly recommended .
i got this at a good price and is working fine for me transferring movies from video tape at x .
can't ever find real people to play , but now who needs real people lots of fun yada yada yada
i got an a in the class and i learn a lot about how women are treated here in america
a neat little reference book that is far superior to the camera manual . comprehensive and explicit .
great app , quick , clean and easy to work with , very effective transferring the document between devices . well worth the buy .
really great book ! cant wait for the next book i will be reading it on v vacation next week !
my son loves it
this is an excellent book , wonderful images , to the point material , nice flow , good schematic summary pictures !
hubby loves it . it is well made and looks good . a winner in my book . very happy with this purchase .
pro brand new and lasts long ! good pricecon somewhat heavier than stock battery not a major problem but it is something to consider
my granddaughters love the princesess and this was a great book for their easter basket ! i would recommend this book !
great ancient referenced three times in the bible
it is detailed enough to use during hikes . the paper quality is good . i'll recommend this map to anyone visiting sespe wilderness .
works great , i bought this . it came quickly and i am enjoying it .
good game for freeways enough to play on my kindle fire good graphics for the price i like playing it
my son , , loves the necklace . it is good quality , the cord is durable and he is very pleased ! thank you !
based on a true story , and very watchable . great acting by all concernedl watch this one and see it for yourself .
excellent movie . would recommend you to watch it . very good suspenseful movie . keeps you on the edge of your seat .
these are some of the best socks i've ever worn . expensive , yes , but well worth the price ! i love them .
the red on black looks really sleek . stands out really well on my gunmetal grey accord coupe . i love it .
i didn t know much about the band but this first song was pretty good and it has me somewhat intrigued .
i love a great story . heartwarming . carrying but just to short . dora became a lucky little girl . as did amy .
really enjoyed this book .
these handles look very sharp in my kitchen ! they match the new renovations perfectly and they are easy to clean .
i am a big fan of mary kay products and was glad that this one lived up to my expectations .
nothing much to say but it is what it is . represent freemason tools of masonry with this flag ! light bearers
dont string in full bed .
it worked in our hp printer without the usually failure of the software to recognize it
a wonderful ly inspiring spiritual book . congratulations tankei and so glad you are doing well ! peace love and great writing !
we gave it as a sentimental present to a sad friend . we are glad we did because it was appreciated .
great book it has great new characters and good plot twists . jack jr gets developed nicely and becomes well rounded
this song is amazing . the only way to describe this fully is to listen to it . so go purchase it .
but beware . if you hate glitter , this is covered in it ! otherwise , it's perfect . not too heavy and a perfect size .
this set is amsome
i ordered this and then ordered more and am considering ordering even more ! i love love love this product !
if you are looking for a fast shaver get this one , is clean and fast to use
bought this as a gift for hubby he loves it ! very sturdy hardback book . great addition to his reading collection .
excellent book ! illustrations and lessons clear and concise . recommend it to everyone i knowwho is new to colored pencil
the bells are color coded with the letter notes also on each one . they have a wonderful , musical tone .
so many delicious types of ramen ! i mix the beef and mushrooms together for extra goodness . highly recommend this product .
what an awesome book to be used to build your faith in god
item was as advertised and delivered fast !
more advanced than the other one . received it in a fast manner too ! glad it also has the strap on it .
we would recomemd this cover to antone it looks greatt and really does the job . i dont line these surveys
lots of little tips and tidbits here for anyone facing tests or other procedures . have referred to it numerous times .
ordered this sandal online . it took about mins to break them in . have had no issues very comfortable design
they worked perfectly , i used them on a long planned vacation . i did not notice any difference from the original
i can only say that this item out lasted my camera , so i cant say anything else about it . jackson
it kept me turning the page and there were a few surprise happenings that made them all the more interesting .
bought this hard drive a few years ago on amazon . still working great today !
arrived quickly and just what we expected good quality die cast plane . very satisfied customer .
this game is so relaxing . i like the different boards to choose from and i even like the background music .
blurb looked interesting . so i read . and it was . arranged marriages , escape , new identity and . lots of fun . looked for more books by claudy conn .
hard to put down very interesting , i find her series to be very good and don't want them to end
this is a simple book for beginners to paint on glass , pottey and china .
absolutely love it . very well constructed for the price . super comfortable ! plan on ordering another .
product arrived very quickly . love this product . it comes in handy all the time with work and at home . great product .
can't get enough of it .
the best tango singer of all times exelent music i don't dance tango but i like it . love it exelent
great album ! they are very skilled and the songs sound wonderful . i gave enjoyed this music a lot so far .
it is an excellent product , and the price was very good , we gought of them as gifts for christmas
love it
the game was enjoyed very will by my younger kids but , the teenagers really didn't find it all that entertaining .
works perfectly ! fits and operates like the original battery , i mean , the one that comes with the device .
allen edmonds never need breaking in . plus they are american made . a rareity in today' world . i highly recommend them .
just like the game on computer but better i love going through hopslove it but i finished all the levels !
amazing and hystericalyou won't be wasting your time by watching it . i really enjoyed all of the characters . watch it .
very creepy and vivid imagery ! definitely a great read that will keep your fear on edge ! must read it now !
excellent , well placed and full of examples .
fastreliablequalityand pricethe best choice on internet so fari recommend to anyoneand i will buy this product again
a beautifull box full of her remarkable quotes ! great fun
excellent , very strong
we love this bag i monogrammed on it it has many uses we will recommend to our friends and family
this cord is great for trading on the old school gameboys . it works very well for trading and the like !
wife loves it
my granddaughter loved these boots . i ended up buying them in colors . fit to size , very warm and stylish .
these are heavy weight and the color is exactly as pictured . the tabs hold up better than the cheap manila ones
my kids ages are really enjoying using these . nice sound , well made , and indestructable .
this unit seemed to be very light , useful , and reasonably priced . seller shipped very quickly free .
i had lost my treadmill key and so i got this one . it fit perfectly and worked . really good item .
love the song . the video is just as good . very good listen . if u haven't bought it , buy it !
great book , had me laughing through each chapter .
being a fair to poor golf hack , i learned to have more confidence inthe short chip run shots .
great product , great fast service . fast delivery . works well to protect skin from the sun . not too greasy
worked really great ! happy with this item .
i loved this book it kept my interest so much so that i bought the next three books ! highly recommended !
planing on buying another ne of this , because it heats very fast and it really helps on taking pain away !
very well written im definitely a forever fan i can't wait to read more from robyn peterman very talented author
this book is an interesting overview of dream traditions from various cultures through history , suffers from unsupported new age claims .
i bought this for my teenage son and he seems happy with it no complaints .
this is a great product to protect the phone but the belt click needs work , it broke after two days
easy starting wood stove fire using fire starter blocks . we only need one half block , with this lighter excellent buy
i love my michael kors handbag . it is durable , yet very stylish . very happy with my purchase .
good product using them now
what an excellent , funny , endearing , enriching , enpowering , rollicking book ! yes , yes , yes !
a little addicting very fun ! love it ! . coins coins . hfgjhfg jfgjjg jfgjyf jgg ufb hvb vfhgfgh fhjhgf hfbhffhn ffjhdhkn fgjyvnuchcgj fhjf fhf
absolutely can not wait for the movie ! one of my all time favorites . this show was canceled waay too soon !
it is good that i was able to read a part of the book befor i bought it .
good quality line cordless phone . works fine , includes several features that you can custom to fit your situation . clear sound .
book was in exceptional condition . pencil marks easy to remove . received it promptly and in a timely manner . very pleased .
awesome hammock family loves it
it is a little bit big for me but it is comfortable and it looks like a great accessory . nice !
interactive toddler toy . grandson loves it so grandma is happy too ! thank you ! good price good and sturdy too . thank you
very good screens , and a new way to install i loved it .
oh wow this is such a wonderful dvd so informative such a master .
my son and daughter who are begginers in chess are having fun with it . perfect size for them . good buy !
good family show that you can allow your children to watch without worry as to language and morals are taught .
i really like this author and have put her on my must have list ! enjoyable from beginning to end ! yahoooooo !
my original power supply quit . this one was a perfect fit and works great . just as good as the original
love it ! fits amazing on my iphone s and looks like the picture displayed . would recommend this case for anyone .
excellent photos . live view is awesome . will have to get some hi power lenses . works great on my telescope .
walter miller is a wonderful person and his book is excellent . it is as charming and thoughtful as he is .
modest and well explained
it is great and i got it earlythank you it works really good just what i was lookinf for
good quality , amazing look . the shoes are really comfortable , despite of high platform . was walking all day in vegas .
the best ! i love it !
i loved it . better than cats !
love it i made pillows and pillow cases
this is a way cool cd . i love take a bow . great song . the whole cd is very enjoyable !
better then my last phone case ! not from you so no worries fits perfect and no scratches ! great buy yay
it is a great eye opener to the tyranny around us all .
this was a great replacement for my gps . the original broke and this was a good price and works well .
the book is huge . i knew nothing about web design when i bought it . i'm happy with the purchase .
the grandkids love it !
i was impressed of the well this garments fits very happy with the purchase definately recommended for the price .
got me hooked ! had to read them all ! can't wait to see other books that she publishes . will definitely buy !
this was a textbook for a graduate level management class . it was very easy to read and was actually interesting .
its beautiful !
great fr people who have sinus problems but want to take care of it using natural products instead of medicine !
this was a freebie . nice soft music which is good for background sounds . it is relaxing , similar to spa music .
i bought this shirt as a just because for myself and it fit perfectly . it's my new favorite shirt
also get the others to so far all are excellent . they're worth your bucks .
works well
my kids loved the pictures of the story , and the humor in the presentation of the life of a kiwi .
este tren es muy bonito , de buen tama ntilde ode muy buena calidady es as iacute como se muestra en las im aacute genes .
this is a nice little music app easy to use . plays all my music love it . clean controls like it .
it's ok at least it was free i didn't have to pay for it ok for the processor very good
these were good quality and made a cute gift for a friend finishing nursing school . soft and thick fabric .
perfect fit for iphone verizon ! no problems so far .
i love it . barely takes up any room , and super comfortable for storing all of our shoes . i highly recommend this
works great , it does what its supposed to . also matches really well with my gear that is flat dark earth
i bought these for my daughter and they are so nice i want a pair too !
can't find after shave in the stores . bought this after shave for me at christmas . great way to christmas shop .
very nice ! fits just as i expected and is very comfortable . i will definitely order another one in another color
the color of the shirt is really vibrant . the material is soft ans breezy . its a really cute summer shirt .
great graphics . great gameplay . great story . if you like gladiator games you will love it . get it ! . love it ! play it !
this is a super simple way to save electricity ! a breeze to set up and use . definitely worth the purchase .
easy to send beautiful notes when you use cards like these . we will order them again when we run out .
this shirt is unbelievably flattering , cute and comfortable . it even looks good without a bump showing ! i highly recommended it
fits nice and feels great
i found the camera bag to be of high quality and functionality . i am very pleased with this camera bag .
one of the best and most exciting books i have ever read . i loved all the greek mythology in it
what's there to say . he's the master who never misses . he travels where others fail to go . do it now .
pros nice top ! it fits very well , and i love the fabric . recommend i definitely recommend this item . cons none
love the yellow color , it fits just right like i excepted them to !
great short story !
loved all of patrick taylor's titles . it all started with an irish country christmas and i was hooked !
very interesting and captivating . would make a great movie . could have left out the cursing though . i would recommend it .
yes yes
this is exactly what you expect from a reacher book , and it was delivered ! can't wait for the next one .
great book ! this was my first book i've read by mary jane clark , can't wait to read more from her !
super acting especially the main character . an absolutely great show . i watch at least one show a day everyday ! just great !
the song downloaded quickly and easily and was priced fairly . this is a very convenient way to make such purchases .
very fast service , and lovely . the price was affordable and the item is beautifully crafted . i found what i wanted .
towels are big , soft , and heavy . definately worth the price .
this book was sweet ! i really loved it . in my opinion , it was the best book of fairy tales ever !
the video is very nice but it isn't super nice . for a pocket camara that's still amazing . easy to use .
i love . it
sounds great , portable with battery , i stream my amazon mp through my phone sounds fantastic . purchase the protector , needs it .
it looks custom made like it claims . it is beautiful and it's identical to pandora in size . i love it
so cute !
a nice quality product . looks more expensive than it is . makes my house look more expensive too . i recommend it .
despite being filmed in this piece is still relevant to the financial situation we find ourselves in today .
long shirt , but kind of narrow . reminds me of a tube . it looks awesome , though !
wonderful traditional garment from africa . i use to for casual wear as well as presentations to classrooms on african cultures .
it is as funky as it appears . haven't used it . i just have it out as a novelty item .
the color of the lapis is a rich , deep blue . the silver scroll work is gorgeous . definitely a keeper .
a perfect fantasy . i have always imagined things like this . this book was amazing a good read for anyone .
very fast , works great ! item just as described in description . love the color . it is pink and easy to locate .
i love the poster ! great quality . it honestly looks better than in the picture . rock on music lovers , rock on .
i have a subaru outback . it fits perfectly .
this pouch is sturdier than the other coupon holder i had . it's neat looking as well , with its colorful plaid .
gave this book as a gift , there appears to be a lot of information with a lot of pictures .
top sip ip conference phone , works great but you need power supply if you don't have power of ethernet switches .
these are very sexy boots ! a little higher heel than i've worn before but they fit great and look great !
this novel kept my attention to the end . i will check out other of brett battles novels in the future .
l waa very satisfied with my purchase !
it's certainly leakproof , very useful , and of course i love the color . i'll buy this brand again , without doubt .
they work . needed to replace old sockets that were no longer gripping light bulb pins . these did the job nicely .
awesome book my son loved it . i would recommend this book to everyone . go out and get this wonderful book .
i had a problem with the size of the clip on and they took care of it to my satisfaction ,
as always you can't go wrong with maybelline makeup . it is the only eye pencil i use . love love love
it surprised me how fast this came in the mail . it's very pretty on the iphone . very pretty indead ! yep !
works great , holds settings works our watt follow spot with no problemshas programming flexibility if requiredruns cool
so far , this water bottle has not leaked . we've had it for a few months and things are still dry
it fit my mixer just fine . i like the color . i like the pocket . other people thought it was nice
wonderful luxurious bath salts to enjoy and take in . especially on a day when nothing but a bath will help !
after i read this one i know i had to get going for the goal' and i was not disappointed
love this game would also recommend it to any one . keeps me interest . would try other games like this one .
looks great and its a great fit ! its also a great conversation starter . i am very happy i purchased this !
this is s nice phone case , its very durable and allows your buttons stil to function properly while in use
just as described . fast delivery
satndard written version of a cartoon episode
fits and works great !
actually , my love of d'angelo drew me to this cd , and i love it . now i'm a bonified raphael fam .
it works well finding scripture , and has clear text . you can't beat that for free . true authentic king james verson
what can i say . these are just a fine quality product and well worth the money .
perfect , just like all of their productions , songs and performances . one of my favorite performances . moving , funny , beautiful , family friendly
light and comfortable
was almost half the price i saw at christmas time . i know my daughter will enjoy it next christmas !
best game ever that i played on my kindle fire . people who are reading these reviews , buy this game now !
well written , good prose , interesting plot . brought back memories of the harry potter series . looking forward to the next volume
este disco verdaderamente es tremendo , no me canso de escucharlo . buen ritmo , buena voz , buena letra ! viva !
witty , likeable characters and fairly fluid . nice location , funny . would recommend for those looking for light reading and entertainment , buy .
the product is grippy and sturdy , holds phone or ipod with and without case . definitely recommend . purchasing another for spouse .
i think this program very dear and entertaining . saved me from going to the pound to get my puppyfix . too , too cute
no need to purshase it if you purshased zoom h . it'll come inside the box .
nice controller it is an original playstation not an imitation been using it for a year and no problems .
very nice for the price would recommend to others . my wife like it a lot and it get the job done
good !
this is a standard backdrop and it does the job quite well . try not to get too close to it .
item as described works good fits good what else is there to say its a filter good product thank you
wasn't keen on some of her early books but really enjoyed this one . will read more of her later books
my favorite bra ! comfort is the name of the game and this one is . thank you barely there !
authority just buy u as keystroke ratty free for the type to this commentary and r us on related to
it's a very cute and comfy shirt . it fits flowy n loose . one of my favorite rock tshirts . it's cool .
excellent song ! wonderful music , voice , and theology .
a disaster always puts thing in perspective . well written . it held my interest and the characters are realistic . quick read
great product . sturdy and comfortable . am going to purchase another one .
this item arrived quickly and does everything i need including charging my ipads , phones or bb's . i'd consider it again .
happy happy
i'm a movie buff and love the old movies . this dvd was an excellent addition to my collection . great movie .
there are definitely cheaper alternatives but i wanted the best on the market that wouldn't leak . these are the ones !
i bought this recently and love it ! its a great moisturizer all around and i have enjoyed it thus far .
stevie is excellent , always has been always will be . the quality of this video is excellent sound picture
it was great and stayed on for a week . essie is expensive and pricey but totally worth buying . amazing color !
very nice stone chip necklaces . they make great stocking stuffers at less than . even a good purchase for crafts .
i couldn't put this book down . it's a fast paced , interesting story . i really enjoyed it ! i highly recommend it !
i wanted something for work and this is crockpot is the perfect size ! i would highly recommend this to others .
eldest son dj's in miami on weekends and wanted this . strange looking to me , but according to him , it's great .
excellent story line , great for book clubs . i highly recommend it . jodi picoult has done it again ! another page turner !
couldn't put it down the storyline was awesome and the reader becomes entrapped in in it well done john connolly
item as described by the seller
a little static in the weaker stations . otherwise , the best walkman radio i've ever had .
not heavy or oily on skin . great under makeup . after use skin is smooth and visable age lines are reduced . great !
great pegboard . worth the cost over particle board . make sure to check measurements !
amazon offered an excellent price that couldn't be beat . for the price i paid , a gb card was worth it .
this electric knife has enough torque to filet redfish cleanly . the assortment of blades makes it very versatile and effective .
i love it ! it is very beautiful and fits perfectly
i enjoyed the characters and the story line . i would recommend this book to readers who like history and romance .
i read all of flynn's books and this one was a page turner . i did not want to finish it .
great sheets
excellent book for self study . easy . good problems , tests . simple explanations and comprehensive for an introductory for begining chemistry study .
it's a powerful fan , it does the job , it looks really cool , and bonus , it is not loud and obnoxious .
more fun per level . bring on more games like this . enjoying the explosives ! love all the fruit and the sand .
very cute holds a lot fo movies and games . my only issue is it looks like a brown black in person
very nice product for the money . wish i had bought this a year ago instead of my volt dewalt .
this is a gift for my granddaughter it appears to be what she wants will see this week end
awesome book as is anything written by beth moore . you won't be disappointed .
i like it because its so simple to use . the update the weather so often it is just a great app .
it's hard ! but fun , like , really like it . penny say wha ? hahaha seriously catch the candy is really fun . yeah .
enjoyed the book and like the authots style .
love these books , they are one of a kind . would make great gifts for the writer .
a
for the money i pay its worth it . function as in the piks . other expencive cases dosent do as this one .
it takes a little while but then becomes a very cute story . i always like a story told by anna .
the facts and explanations are compelling . an excellent book .
i love the song n the movie . r . i . p . paul prayers to his family n friends . god bless all his family !
best thing ever for dry skin .
it arrived on time in great condition . it fit a little big but it was perfect as a night shirt .
excellent adapter . as announced . wireless a b g and n . excellent range and speed of data transmission .
i like i had no problems with it
this is very cute and will go good in my fairy garden , the little frog in it is really cute .
it was great was able to take care of the lawn and solved my problems . best buy i ever made .
for all moroder and space disco fans this album is essential and brilliant . few tracks here not available anywhere else !
we now repaired our pop up trailer with the switch found ! no more lights blinking off because of a short !
nice dress
i got my bed set days early which is alway a plus ! plus it is beautiful and great quality !
works effortlessly . will last a very long time if taken care of after every use . good to find it available .
good work from a consistent author . i always like her books . here are the nine more words required required required .
by far the best i ever owned . instantly puts a nice point on any pencil . i would recommend this product .
great ! very pleased !
simple yet adorable . very very very comfortable . goes great with yoga pants ! cant wait to get more in other colorado !
this book was so good i couldn't put it down , hunter vampire relationship brilliant . sutton so hot i want him
i prefer to older traditional gospel and this is reall it . i like pretty much every song on this recording
super soft and plush , no lint , easy to use and they wash well ! would will buy again when needed .
it was just what my husband wanted , he loves itit fit his nook simple and he likes the color purple too .
i love everything by nora roberts . i haven't read this yet but i'm excited for a new series by her .
sturdy and cute . happy with the purchase . this isn't a cheap product ! it fits phone well . definitely recommend .
great product , very economical . speedy delivery . met my expectations . i would recommend this product to others . i love this product .
this worked well as a replacement for my htc phone . but their batteries always seem to lose power too quickly .
actually what i wanted . i needed this for work we sell wine there and this works perfectly . i love it
as usual , bogey is at his top performance in this one ! worth every cent it cost .
i am very happy with purchase according to apple store sale person thanks in futurei will more from same murchant
this record is amazing . simply amazing .
fun game to pass the time . some are old riddles and some have you puzzled even after ypu guess it
quick , easy kit with a favorite character from the hobbit . would be nice to have similar kits for other characters .
this is a very smooth hiphop album i really enjoyed itfinally someone talking something in music not just talking s !
who does not know starcraft he will not enjoy playing starcraft . this game is one of best games ever
good ! it is very soft and can be dried very quick ! if it is cheaper , i'd like to buy more .
exactly what i wanted . its quiet . practically heats the whole first floor of my cape cod . and it looks great .
this app is really really amazing ! it has great ghrapics and is fun to play ! its a must have game !
great support was a little tight to begin with but is wearing in nicely . i would recommend it to anyone !
i am very pleased with my purchase . it is very soft and warm .
this case is wonderful ! the design is so well thought out , it actually makes using the ipad mini more fun !
the best product on the market ! i have tried a few other products this is the best one to date !
i enjoyed reading from will's point of view . i laughed and cried remembering everything that happened in the first book .
do you like pie ? this is a baller pie plate . best pie plate ever . its really clear . super duper clear . thanks
this movie is a beautful story of the struggle to find love . a must see .
this is a really entertaining great read ! i found myself hoping how it would end turning pages quickly !
very good movie lots of great actors and an all time best movie for all horror lovers out their . must see
good book and perfect on kindle .
i love that it fit and it is exactly what i was looking for . this was a great buy
i really liked this book . this helps you train knowing oneself and manage the stress .
shirt is even cooler in person . super thick and rugged shirt just like the german team .
the book held my attention almost to the end , then i was quite disapointed , kind of a big let down
enjoyed this book and am looking forward to the other books in the jim chapel series . great job david wellington .
more basic source info on early architecture . i got a stellar bargain and find it useful in my restoration efforts .
amazing continuation of where she went ! story development was awesome ! great ending !
you can't go wrong with wigwam socks . they are always worth the price . i'm happy with my purchase , believe me .
the smell of this candle is wonderful , so clean and not overwhelming . it is easy to use and very affordable .
very happy with my purchase . this was a very interesting book and quite informative . i thoroughly enjoyed reading it
found this book helpful in turning around life's habits and thoughts . interesting book with good and helpful insights . than you .
arrived timely . condition fair plug end had rust on prongs . batteries good . reason for four stars rust . the end .
this is the first time i have played dragonvale and this book helped so much i love this book awesome
the right piece for the job . however , a little difficult to assemble . with the instruction leaving much to be desired .
great
does what it's supposed to do . excellent product for the price .
really absorbes my night sweat . no longer have to wake up because my pillow is soaking wet !
this is the one of the best books i have ever read . you should totally get it . best book ever !
inexpensive , easy to use . they are bags . for poop . this review requires twelve more words for acceptance , so here's four more .
great pens with stylus . very fast shipping . i even ordered another set to send to my daughter in the us navy .
this is an excellent choice for making and distributing mutiple keys and you can change the code whenever you like !
too much fun !
great phone back and look
easy to use and works great . would definitely get again if i had to . comes with power cord as well .
i like this product . it is the good value for money this product . sl is good condition . and cheap x
exactly as described , and good quality . would buy another puzzle from ravensburger again . image was clean and crisp . nice one !
i just cooked the lemon chicken . it was easy and everyone loved it ! this cook book purchase was a great idea !
hermoso
attractive looking clock . easy to read . i like the snooze feature .
lived up to the axler quality . i am still a fan of the series and will likely continue to be .
omg ! . it really works . my skin feels so soft and clean . i don't have to worry anymore . every hair is gone !
excellent experience , actually received days early . made my old spray tank perform like new . keep up the good work !
my garmin came very quickly and its a great product . its everything i thought it was .
a must read ! the mayfair witches are a fascinating family and it's wonderful to read about where lasher came from .
this is a grate gadget we use it for wine parties , comes in real handy . could not live without it . pmrae .
show support for this company . outstanding . graphics look amazing and a lot of favorite songs are in the app . perfect .
very nice product , much more convenient than others we have tried . more user friendly for regular users too . thank you
this is very durable and i am still using it . has saved my phone a couple of times from destruction !
what a great book . easy to read , easy to understand . would recommend to anyone who is raising a little boy .
my grandson really loved it ! . arrived in plenty of time for christmas . had a lot of fun putting it together hope stasiak
great game , with cute , simple graphics and a lot of fun . it is most assuradly a must play game , fun !
simply a classic movie and my daughter loves it ! highly recommended to the whole family . glad it's finally in blu ray .
bought this ring to replace the one the hubby lost . it is a perfect fit and he loves it .
one dip and my sterling silver jewelry looks brand new ! so happy with the results ! would definitely recommend this product !
my jersey looks awesome . it came fast in the mail !
i have always been a fan of belva plain . she is a great storyteller and this is a great book
i bought for my grandson he just worn it to rest sarin fair he go lot comments on it
loves
i always get this perfume and i always get alot of good compliments the smell is sweet it smells amazing
dre murray one of the best !
this is one exciting drummer . active as tony williams and has shades of alvin jones . this is one great drummer
enjoy playing this game very much
not too difficult but i only have the free version . maybe the full version offers a little more challenging levels .
great , couldn't put it down !
ultra fast shipping and high end quality product . i am super happy ! stars !
what else can you say . good case .
you will not realize how awful your other can opener was until you try this .
best book on resolving conflicts i have ever read . the way it applies the gospel to resolving conflict is life changing .
book arrrived as described and seller shipped quickly . will do business with this seller again !
nice product a great play toy . your love it and easy to use . i will try other one too soon
shipped fast for my son at christmas . he loves them . warm and memory foam sole make them comfortable .
i have many simplehuman products all beautifully designed and well made . the brush head is replaceable for . . highly recommended .
would give it stars , but it's a bit confusing on weather the battery is charged . great price . looks great
i really think these books are amazing . they get better and better , can't wait to read the next one , yeahhhh .
very well made ! strong and durable ! love it !
it's great ! working like a champ . really clear it was really cheap and it also came really really quick . yee !
bought for my wife , thought that she might like it . thought a good but at the price . she loves it
this is a must read for would be audiophiles who really want to understand how speaker systems work in typical rooms .
these pads are great . you can use your own coffee and you save lots of money on the pre packaged pods .
it's a cute game , fun and especially if you like cocktails . it is also challenging . can't stop playing it once i start .
i love this show ! the plot is great , and the actor's are superb . this is a great collection to own !
it seems to work since i have bad knees and can run occasionally and short distances at a light pace .
good , basic binoculars for occasional use . easy to use , adjust , and transport . won't worry if we lose or drop it .
seriously , once you've played , you'll buy them as gifts for friends . i bought as christmas gift last year alone .
these are great quality toys . they are by far the best toy food for my eighteen month old son's kitchen .
great show . will buy if they can ever get it released in an organized fashion .
case was everything i expected it to be . and it was a gift for my husband that he actually liked !
my phone fell several times and to date my phone is working perfectly . great and durable product . love it !
keeps you coming back for the next episode . can't wait for season to be available on instant video . smile .
everyone bloomed ! beautiful !
looks cute on my son . wish the belt that comes with it is a bit longerrr ! would buy another in future
the top bit wobbles a little , but it seems sturdy enough . it was a hit at the pride parade .
i sometimes think he likes it more than mommy and daddy holding him . i would certainly recommend to any one .
i have always enjoyed music by peter , paul mary and therefore i am enjoying this cd very much .
great book , i will use in my classroom this year !
very well built and agile for any need . i would definitly recomend this bag for any use you require . a
my son has cracked his ipad screen many of times . after purchasing this item it has not been broke again !
i am very pleased with the slim case . it makes it so easy to carry and care for my tablet .
grand kids love them
as a graduate of a military college , i found this book fascinating . great read . i highly recommend this compelling work
drop in replacement , no hassle , worked out just great . furnace was back working in no time . highly recommended , easy swap .
this was a really good bookpeople that like horses or that enjoy the theme of the early 's in london
it serves it's purpose well and is nice to have it match the bedding i have for my baby's room .
this lights up my hallway , everyone comments about it . a great buy , i would recommend this product . it looks expensive .
love it ! fav song tithemi the earth , the sea , the sun , the stars , the sky , must bow to jesus' name . hallelujah .
i bought , one for my car and one for my wifes . both worked flawlessly ! great product .
everyone needs some creative input , this certainly provides it and then some ! bueller . bueller . bueller a truly timeless classic , without peer . bueller .
i learned a lot from this book . it is a must read ! i am going to re read it again .
easy to read , many twist and turns to keep your interest . like getting the entire series in one book purchase
i'm rocking out right now with this cable . i have a core mac pro and a ipod hifi . sounds wonderful !
here are some name ideas daisypetalweedwhiskerfireblazebearclawleafleafoxygenfaceheliumtailand many , many more ! leader names darkstarleafstartrailstarmaggotstarand many more ! apprentices sparrowpawstarlingpawweedpawand many more ! swordstarp . s . please don't take my name !
soft cotton , good form fit not too baggy and does not pull in uncomfortable areas . overall makes my jewels happy
i turn them on every night . i placed them around the room and they give off a soft romantic glow
love it my screen is well protected from dirt dust and dirty fingers . recommend it for all laptop owners !
was only familiar with hey ho , but after listening to the entire album i fell in love definitely a great download !
this game is good it is tricky though i like it it's fun and adventurous . it's a very good game .
word crimes is a work of art .
great shoe . out of the box very comfortable . order one half size larger
high quality oil and it actually improved my engine idle . it was also a very good deal , can't beat it .
great for any motorhead fan . looks great in decal collage of band music sci fi pop culture decals .
your product is good , i really like it . the price is affordable . i hope u can continue your good service .
thought it was pretty funny in some chapters not as detailed as most of her books although entertaining well written
excellent product ! has more functions than expected , very easy to use . great for running or execise moment .
very cool ! works great .
this is very good i like it very much , esp . the great deal i got on it . thank you
just the look i wanted . easy to install and well engineered in all respects . i could not be more pleased !
item was great and real easy to install . .
we use these spots as markers for kids in our karate classes . it works wonderfully the kids love them .
i thought this would be too easy , but they like it and it challenges them enough to keep them engaged .
as far as ramen noodles go , this is as good as it gets . very high quality noodle and super spicy .
does what its supposed to do and helped me clean up my silly mistake of spilling pop in my car .
reasonably priced filter to help with uv and protect lens . used more for protection than filtering . no issues so far .
exactly what my daughter was looking for . a really great price as well especially with prime shipping ! i love amazon !
this was a very enjoyable read , well written and interesting , it really portrays what a waste of human life for what benefit . ?
i'm a long time tom petty fan and it's great to see him hook up with old friends .
cute and works as expected . my daughter is very happy with it . w are glad we bought it for her .
does what they're supposed to . love to be able to share the same lens covers with my grandma !
this lovely book is a collector's item . the artwork and intricate design are phenomenal . a real treat for all ages .
my family loves catan . we play with friends and our year old kids . this is a great strategy game .
i thought these shoes had nice soles and over all appearance . nice leather and good stitching . comfortable fit and good laces .
i purchased a cd pack of and they are wonderful . shippment was fast . well done .
works well . keeps the fac of my phone clean and protected .
book makes pathology fun to read ! very applicable . especially like the case studies . moreover , pictures are easy to follow .
this book is the perfect addition to any dental anatomy course textbook . great pictures , easy to understand .
this was a wonderfully heart wrenching recount of amanda's time . i really felt the rawness of emotion that amanda experienced .
everything was just as i was expecting and on time . these shorts are very comfortable . i would buy these again .
easy to read with helpful hints . good reference for medical students . i recommend this book for any medical reference shelf .
love the colors it produces . great product for burning
this was entertaining and kept me reading when i really should have been doing other things . i really enjoyed it .
oh my godi can't beleive how good this worksno more shine skinlove love lovesolved my greatest oily skin problem stars !
i couldn't get my kindle fire to auto rotate , then i found this app . this work very well . great app
liked it the first time and continue to enjoy it each and every time i read it . more e books plz
thanks alot
fantastic book ! you won't notice its length !
it fitted just right .
works great and its easy to clean ! love the choice of bowl size and the colors too .
i want to see what happens next , naturally funny . has great possibilities for cameos , like richard sherman or russell wilson .
i love my pillow . looking into getting on more so i wear it out .
love them ! i introduced them to my nieces and nephews and they just loved them ! box is almost empty ! yum !
my daughter loved this jacket for christmas !
wonderful first book of a wonderful series !
love the bright color
works just the way i expect it too . have used the oem cases from verizon before and they work great .
helpful for carrying important cards when phone is never out of hand . nice that it comes in lots of colors .
love these cups great for picnics or outings the stacking capability makes them handy for camping will recommend to all
only had to use one but good already
good book . good service . good , great , just fine . keep up the good good service , . i like doing service with you .
i needed some sunglasses for the beach that were cheap enough to lose or break , and these exceeded expectations .
great product and easy to use with any type of soap that you like to use in the shower daily .
the movie is fun to watch . voice acting is great . overall a great movie to watch with the kids . enjoy !
my year old and my year old play it all the time .
solid hood , reverses on lens for storage . very rare i do not use this hood when shooting macro .
this item was a perfect fit for my optimus t , p . color is nice and the cover is semi soft .
this book was awesome i can't wait to read the next one i'm going to read the whole series . awesome
a little quirky but still good . overall pretty clean . zachary efron and dennis quaid played their parts well . four stars .
very satisfied with my purchase .
my daughter was very pleased with the great variety of patterns she now has access to use for her projects .
the paper is wonderful . the package was delivered on time and in perfect condition .
pros pricespaced rear outletscons nonethe spaced rear outlets are perfect for those wall warts , and other non standard plugins .
very nice easy reading . good story happy ending good plot not boring . good summer romance . interesting girl character .
works as expected . focus goes past infinity as expected . mounts and unmounts smoothly . good price for using manual legacy lens
perfect length , long legs so have trouble ,
i highly recommend this hemp cereal and cereal bars . they are both fantastic . the pumpkin flax cereal is amazing too .
the taste of this protein bar was absolutely delicious ! i also found that even a bar helped my appetite !
the ladder was everything i expected , price was great , and fast shipping is greatly appreciated .
perfect
its a great cd , please buy it because you ll never listen this long play in other part of the world
i really love the headband it came days early , fit well on my head , and looks super cute !
this product is excellent ! i can really tell a difference in my hair . item arrived quickly and in great condition !
the scotch brite is very good for cleaning fiberglass tubs or anything you dont scratched .
works very good . we use it for surfing and it keeps our faces from getting burned . the product met my expectations .
love it . still learning to use it , but works well .
makes you really dig deep into your past , present , and future , while all under the notion of who you are .
works great , heats up fast , does not singe your hair . overall very pleased with purchase . like the adjustable heat settings
i give them out as a gift . you can't beet them , all there candy is the greatest .
awesome
i think that this book is really intresting and besides i even saw the movie .
works great , instructions easy , and the results taste so goooood . highly recommend this product and so does many others .
a very well thought out exciting legal thriller with likable characters , believable plot and storyline , and exciting page turning ending
perfect for the buddy heaters . perfect length for the application i was using it for . simple and fast to install .
great rod for fishing on the docks . it stands up to the pressure . i am so happy .
buying by the box is the way to go if you work outside . these work great !
an interesting and informative story but it just continued on and on and never settled anything . that's life i guess .
great air rifle for plinking . we'll made can't beat the price . take my advice would by another one again great .
good quality . will make a great addition to anyones collection ! very happy with the product .
saved money on this part over buying it locally . fixed my dryer and made my wife very happy .
i have used this product for years . this was the best price i could find . the company will ship quickly
great bag , very roomy , well made and just plain cool ! would recommend to any san francisco giants fan for sure .
another awesome edge of your seat book ! loved the action , drama and suspense . can't wait to start the next book !
whose line is it anyway . a long time in finally being released , but very well worth the wait !
i found the secret to be very informative and thought provoking .
great little charger , works well with my waverunners . i use one charger for both and it has worked out well .
it really does a good job of teaching kids how to self regulate . great tool for both home and school .
even without walter matthau jack lemmon gives a strong performance . he and james garner make a good comedic duo .
just what my fridge needed to feel good again . great price on replacement filters . will buy again . thanks very much .
. . . was a hit .
this is quite possibly the best book i have ever read . i laughed . i cried . what a journey
twists and turns throughout . keeps us coming back for more . highly recommend this fabulous book for anyone that enjoys reading .
it works great like always k n comes through like time and time again . p i will buy it again thanks
this is so cute and easy to put on . i highly recommend this for all you speed demons out there !
bought these for my old vintage electrolux . why pay for name brand when these off brand bags to the trick ?
fascinating and riveting adventure . fun and exciting story with a wonderful insight into the world of our native american people .
this lip stain stays and it has phermones . it's pretty cool . it does what it says it will do .
these are just like the bottles i had as a girl growing up . makes playing with baby dolls more realistic .
beautifully written . exhaustively researched for immediate use . answers all your questions that you could possibly ask . well explained for all .
the handbook of insurance is a powerful tool and very important reference book for the insurance industry .
very good fit . nice weight fabric . i like my night gown to run big and this one is just perfect .
fun to play with the kids . not difficult for the little ones to pickup and play and play . so try it
good quality like it only to small from back wish to be more big from back part but good thanks
midnight in austenlandi loved reading it and thanks for getting it here so quicklyit was a great mystery
this is a must have for all who live in the south . good clean fun that all will enjoy .
absolutely love it ! was delivered on the exact day estimated and fits my phone perfectly ! totally worth it !
i downloaded for my year old amp now he luvs it whoever made it is a child geneouse thanks . xoxoxo
i love them and those are cheaper and bigger than the ones i buy individually !
received just as explained . ty
the kid was very happy and as a result of this this product exceeds my expectation it is awesome superb
i already had my own cd's for a couple of years now and sent duplicates to a friend . of mine .
i got these for my sons birthday cupcakes . he was so excited . he and his friends really liked them alot .
i love the color and texture of this lip gloss and find it usefulfor applying over my iman lipsticks .
looks like my natural hair and all my friends thought it was real ! great for winter lolita xoxox great buy
this is by far the best production that has been created . i would recommend this to anyone !
delivered on time and its fit perfect !
all i use this camera for is talking to my grandkids who live , miles away . it works great !
this was so so cool . the grandson liked it and looks adorable on wall
these are perfect ! just the right size , i love them ! the lids screw on tight . i would buy them again .
this product was exactly as it was described and was in perfect condition still shrink wrapped !
these things are strong . actually kind of hard to close the hood now . great price .
since we use this product daily it is better to buy in large quantities which are not available in stores .
love this story ! has quite a bit of originality and can't wait for future offerings !
it opened my eyes
for cents its a pretty good product . i'm using it for about weeks . so far so good , can't complain .
great shorts . they run smaller than other running shorts i have but i still use them . nikki
this os the best book i have ever read next to tommyland very different but bolth very good books
the originals in the kett are still sharp , i bought a spare set in case . excellent usa steel . i recommend .
a good expansion for a great game .
was a gift andhe loved it . my son use s it all the time . loves it . joanne
good thriller lot of violence , backstaeping , sex who do you trust ? one of the best so far . a good finsh and a good twist .
i always loved doing people's crosswords , so these are perfect to keep me entertained during my traveling . arrived very quickly !
i bought this for my niece and she loves it . prompt delivery and easy to order .
another great book . the story of hawke and his psy completes this story line , but i hope there are others .
i have been wearing silver huggies for years and it is nice to have some with some bling to them .
great documentary about the best band around highly recommended !
arrived promptly in excellent condition well pleased with order . would order again !
does the jop
they are great , but i am now using costco brand . i use them for both the cat and the dogs .
kids love having coins . makes spending more fun saves mom a little . very kid friendly for younger ages .
love it ! works like it says and did not have any problems with it . that should be my words
nice drills , good starting points , some what repetitious in longer shorter variations but good challenges . work for indoor bike well
belt worked great , engine blowup one hour later . just one of those days !
works and adds more value to iphones with the unlock , this is my third time unlocking and works every time
this battery is excellent , me s works ver well . i had problems with the original battery , but with this no more
sad ! life was so hard just a short while ago . people have forgotten very memorable characters sad sad sad sad sad
all books were awesome . can't wait for another to come out ! they are all most definitely a must read
yummy !
does every thing it is claimed it will do without any problems and faster than my previous hp officejet !
this little switch is a gem . simple to use and gets the job done . well made and reliable . highly recommend .
nice and durable , and of course i had to be fair and get one for daddy too !
i love one republic ! their music is just fabulous ! you will never regret it if you buy this cd ! great !
item went on smoothly . no bubbles ! wish it had a more mirror affect when ppl are looking over my shoulder .
yes to iron man ! yes to robert downey jr .
get soooo many compliments on it my dog looks adorable ! only prob is i wish it was a lil longer
great cd for any thrice fan . different as it is their first cd but still a great additon . nice change .
looking for a version without elwood's intro , this is very close to the blues brothers version , not exact but close .
good size a little heavy but its normal for the ps and the response from de provider was excelent ! thanks
the chant is well executed , with clear diction and tones . and the collection provides a nice variety of styles and subjects .
i bought the lights for my year old . she is very into photography and loves the lights . thank you !
great product . fantastic price . love nioxin products . top quality . better than any other shampoo i've used , everwould purchase again .
recommended by our vet , seems to work well . don't know what else to say about it . time will tell all
little too wide for me i have problems will all shoes , narrow foot but they fit my daughter just great .
i purchased this reacher for my husband after he injured his back . its very helpful and he is enjoying it .
i can't tell the difference between theses and twizzlers . they are outstanding ! for those of gluten avoiders they are great !
this are a great set . they are super airtight and easy to clean . i love the spoons for each canister .
would have liked it to be a bit darker . o way to tell just how dark . the rest is fine .
very good , fun . i enjoyed reading the discription of state of the world in those times . i love any romance !
this is a nice size it's large , it looks nice , cleans up nice too , cooks evenly . i really like it
great pricegreat dealthe item was new and compatible with my madela style advance pump i'm satisfied !
this is book is little light on history but a really fun book . i'm looking forward to reading the others .
works great ! thanks !
was introduced to mussini by a friend , now i bought several bottles for gifts christmas ! i would definitely recommend .
i could not put this book down ! i am so happy for lauren that she has found peace and happiness !
the product seems made of high quality materials , just a little bit smaller than i originally anticipated it would be .
i wish everyone would try using it so we could overcome cancer once and for all with god's help amen .
good album . very happy with this purchase . good quality files as always . would definitely consider purchasing more int he future .
my son loves his caps shirt , he is a big fan and likes to show his pride for the caps awesome !
easy and quick to put on and much better than putting on regular d glasses over regular glasses . highly recommended !
great old movie
this is a great book filled with life's lessons . i can't wait to read the rest of his wonderful journey !
this is really cool it holds so much . you will probably never have to buy another memory card
fire from below was a very good movie , full of action and suspense . would recommend it to friends , thank you .
incredible quality . even better price . half what lowes and menards charge
great product . my son lives it . perfect for all baseball players . catchers included . all compartments are useable for all needs .
runners dream case for the iphone ! my hubby love is ! easy to adjust to fit me as well . thank you
i love the system works just like it says
grew up with michael jackson . love almost everything he's ever done , and this is no exception . great music , great artist .
this is like the bible stories but like a cartoon this is a great dvd to buy for your kids
great coverage of historical events through the artifacts covered in each episode .
good mix of drama , action , and suspense . if the series stays as interesting it will do very well and last .
looks awesome on our vehicle ! very easy to apply . went on the window very well very happy with this purchase !
so quiet , so fast .
very thought provoking . a fast read . enjoyed the book very much . plan to share it with a friend . good book .
i liked the flavor of the peanuts and they were nice and crunchy . be careful with the larger pepper flakes .
toddler boy loves it he played hour without moving . durable and exciting fun ! i recommend this toy !
i liked the dvd collection of these videos because it made me laugh and cry all during while i watched .
this is a wonderful series which i highly recommend to anyone who likes good drama . however it is definitely r rated !
it tones , cleans , and moisturizes . it's gentle enough for sensitive skin , nough said ! def going to buy again and again .
cool economical hd cd radio . am reception is very weak . could only receive one station . manual could be better written . buttons a little cramped .
they fit very well and the material is very soft . the length is longer than expected which was a plus .
i needed something lightweight to complete my outfit . this does the job very well .
loved this book . i would recommend it to a friend . i am ready to read the next book in the series .
i was very happy with the purchase . i love the game and i would order from them again .
still one of the best shows out there . so i will watch anyhing affliated with it .
i like the sleek , smaller size and that it functions almost effortlessly . we are definitely glad we purchased this player .
like one reviewer said , the best rich , full bodied k cup coffee . no weak coffee here . family and friends love it !
they never die ! batteries are good for your health , i like batteries ! can you find better batteries no way jose .
works just the way it is supposed to keeps the water fresh in the swamp cooler . easy to install . good value .
haven't used much yet . i need to work on the coffee amounts . i don't like strong coffee .
battery last like days when fully charged and i've had it for over months ? now
item was just as described
these are a must haveabso beautifulstones on boot are great qualityand the boot is fab quality too
little mystery . thankful for another non reality tv choice . very stephen king . not a situation i would want to be in .
product works well but shipment was very slow . i placed the order on aug th , got it on aug th .
i love them ever since i put them on ! the fit me very well and the color is beautiful .
the book was exactly in the condition the seller descibed and it arrived very promptly highly recommended the seller !
great product , this invicta is amazing . i bought for a gift and my brother love it . full recomended . buy it
the plot line is amazing . satisfying in every way like chocolates or creamy caramel . definitely leaves you wanting more . yum !
my year old son loves this boo . what you see is what you get and the price is awesome .
received in the time frame expected , good quality and works great !
i just love this older fragrance . and i received it within a couple of days . will definately order again . awesome !
great insight into of the world's best players and the way that professional tennis works . it's a quick read .
birthday present for a year old who is crazy about d . she loved it . it was a good price .
we really like the d feature too . it actuallly seems better than at the movies . great purchase , we are happy
it is as good now as it was when it first came out . i wish john grism still wrote this well
must own of any vocalist . jim tavegia
these are comfortable and sound good . they feel durable and well made , not cheap like some others at this price .
this ebook is very informative with clear photos of finished projects and clear instructions for making the gloves at home .
i love my carrier . it fits my phone perfectly . i've gotten many complements and with good reason , it's just perfect .
it does not provide the extreme caffeine rush and crash like many of the pre workout drinks on the market do .
this is a sturdy , well built switch box which works perfectly . it was shipped quickly and was very nicely packaged .
have only been installed weeks but i love them . the quality is wonderful and they work perfectly . good product .
i am so happy with this product . it's the only thing that helps me sleep . thank you very very much
thank you for a wonderful book in outstanding condition and great price i will keep in mind this dealer !
author does a nice job giving flower a new twist using different yarn and fabric . instructions are very nicely explained .
good product .
i especially liked that the packaging used less material than if you bought them at the store . less waste .
wonderful piece and it will be sure to attract attention . it is well built , very solid and of good quality !
heavy duty . super long thick cable . outlets ! can be mounted on wall desk . great price for being made of metal .
i will always remember this spring because of this song . i can't wait to hear what other music macklemore makes
great game i loved it so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so !
great example of bigfoot erotica . definitely an interesting and fun example of some very different types of encounters with bigfoot .
this shampoo is wonderful ! i love it ! when my hair is damaged i always buy this shampoo to restore it
fairly easy puzzle but too short and over way too quickly . was a cute little time passer for a bit .
i work at our local vfw post , so the red , white blue is so very appropriate . everyone loved it .
fit perfectly the first time . couldn't have asked for anything better . i will by them again when they wear out
after all that happened this was a great book , . i just hate that she had an affair on him
they are attractive , a nice weight and length . they blend with most silverware and are dishwasher safe . i would recommend
you get the complete set of sherlock holmes stories at a very reasonable price . just enjoy reading through this classic !
excellent film . thought provoking study of man's rush to judgement , and his unwillingness to admit when he has misjudged .
i recommend this book , instruction are easy to follow , all knitting loom lovers need to buy it . photos are good .
made a great pie !
this is a great charger for the iphone . really well made for a mobile phone charger and reasonably priced .
absolutely amazing ! i cannot recommend it enough . demetri martin is one of the funniest comedians around , if not the funniest .
great deal , and easy to install . two in a package , so i also have a backup replacement for later if necessary .
its great , just wish it didn't take so dang long to get to my house and i love the color
i just wanted to make sure to give this stars as it is essential for any psp owner .
love how easy these are to use , only wish they were bigger to accommodate more items in one shot .
this is my new favorite ! i really like the texture and taste of this product . will definitely purchase this again !
this is the spanish staple turron . hard , crunchy and with lots of almonds . not as much candy which is perfect
great subsititution for the more expensive , name brand ink . love this refill , cheap and works great with my canon printer !
these gloves work very well , especially when lifting large , heavy pans from the oven . my hands stay cool and comfortable .
worked great till the phone was broken beyond repair . it was a good phone . why do they discontinue the favorites ?
works well for toyota fj cruiser . perfect replacement filter at a good price . much cheaper than the dealership price
good reading but too much to take at one time great for snuggling under the covers with lots of pillows .
super cute ! the material is very soft , and the scarf itself is quite large .
i bought these for a project and they are much stronger than i anticipated them being . they will work great .
this movie collection is one of the best and is great for any hardcore godzilla fan i highly suggest it !
the towel was nice and soft . i really liked it ! would recommend to others and would buy again . thank you .
excellent read ! a very heart warming story .
i have never filled this card up yet ! it holds a tremendous number of pictures .
its wireless its easy to use , and its half the size of many big boxes that do the same thing
if you are heading into self publishing this book includes every detail that you will need to cover . very insightful read !
anyone who knows breaking bad loves my freshner ! and it actually smells good would definitely recommend to a friend
must read ! great prayer for peace and total comfortwe'll written . i would recommend to anyone looking to spread their prayer time .
simple but effective tool . one of those things that makes you say why didn't i think of this ? works well
better than the real thing so why am i required to keep writing i will not be reviewing anything else .
can't go wrong with a disney movie , even for a year old . big hit for christmas for our daughter .
bought two of these guys and gave one to a friend . great item to have when biking in long pants .
i'm obsessed with the gymboss interval timer ! i do the bodyrock . tv videos and this keeps me movin' and grovin' perfectly !
cute movie . easy to watch . a little predictable but it was great when i was stuck on what to watch .
what can you say , it is clapton from cream to bb king !
another great experience of mitch rapp as told by this exciting author .
i absolutely love this wallet ! have gotten so many compliments on it when i pull it out of my purse .
the grip is in a comfortable position and the keys chuck makes switching bits a breeze
packed well . no problem recording on the media . also with epson color printer i was able to print labels clearley
great headphones . blown away by sound quality , easy pairing , great functionality . for the price , can't be beat for the features .
item is very nice love it an it fits very nice . we thank you very much for your fast service .
man , these are great . unreal with maple syrup and pancakes . we have enjoyed them for over years .
i am enjoying these beautiful decorative matches very much . not only the box is attractive , so are the matches themselves .
about mo's . no problems is working greate
amazed that love this game i love animals can i fool you . i really really love animals . so get it
great for all ages . we have enjoyed all the different styles and backgrounds . keeps my daughter busy for hours . enjoy
works well . delivered promptly !
the brand is well known . the product is very high quality , and the price was affordable . highly recommend this product .
this is one of the most beautiful recordings ever made by mr . anthony . i have enjoyed his music for many years
i really enjoy these books on history of uniforms .
this book has a lot of heart and although a tad predictable , a great read . well written with strong characters .
my great grandson loves it .
perfect for what i needed . small , compact , easy to mount in place and tight connection .
what i was looking for . great build up that delivers . very well thought out and put together . really liked it .
this is a neat game for the little ones as they can complete a game and feel good about it .
exactly what i wanted , a shower bath faucet ! shipped quickly and just as the plumber prescribed . very happy with this kit .
does the job so far , have to put it thru some rain and sweat and see how it holds up .
this is just what i needed to further my education regarding my career , thanks i will use it every day .
great book . goes into fine detail on all aspects of audio power amplifier design and construction .
loved this book !
i love it , it was everything it was written about
nice props fast delivery ! .
works good . which it had a little more power cand come with bigger pads . but good price and it works .
very good reading left you wanting more in each story , could not put it down . good thing i am retired .
love saving money . once the old broken pane was removed this snapped into place with no problem , looks totally stock .
but the german shepherd puppies love it ! that's all i was going to write , but amazon said i need more .
this is a solid product . i got what i expected and got in in a timely manner .
this is so lovely . fit perfectly . cannot fault these shoes . i will wear them for my wedding in august . yay
love this case . very girlie and looks expensive . i got the peach pink color and i always get complements on it .
overall a good movie actually had a story line to follow . not a five as predictable at some times .
great to watch shows from my childhood
and so do my kids ! amazing that we can all watch and enjoy ! don't like to review because the requirements
i can't get on due to update . bummer cuz i love the game . fun fun fun play play play now .
the software worked flawlessly . installation was quick and easy . photos including raw could be edited easily . adobe photoshop cs
this game is the master piece . although my back was hurting so bad so i couldn't finish it . but rated highest . incredible game .
i'm glad i tried this one out , it works just like it said it did . i would buy it again .
great game and it fills my need for killing zombies ! i wish the daily rewards would give guns however . or gernades
grandkids love this magazine and read all the articles . they anxiously await the next issue . great learning tool .
just as viewed
this too is a wonderful book . it was bought at your suggestion . it came quickly is a great price !
easy install , great performance . great mod for those who want to get every bit of performance out of the bike .
looks nice , installed easily .
love his books and this is another great one to read . just can't get enough of his books happy happy
a good book to read after fifty shades of grey ! you will fall in love with jesse ward !
this book very good and easy for studying , especially problems end of per chapter that addressed examples in the chapter .
very cheap and reliable
good steam flow powers off dried on spills . great for bathroom area . love the wheels and portability . just hope it lasts !
good story it left me wanting more . so i will definitely try another by this author within the same series .
hours of fun for all ages . nicely priced too . buy one now for someone as a gift . its worth the time to buy .
great service and product
the shoes fit great . they look great and feel great ! i would order again with cute shoes like these ones
really great scoop nice sharp edges and a nice point at the end to dig into hard ice cream !
picks up signals i couldn't receive with my built in laptop wifi . it works out of the box with debian linux .
thought this was a great deal both versions for a very good price and received quickly
it works well as it should . i will definitely buy another one if i need more in the future .
the bare translation . with little to no commentary . it's cheap , though .
very nice item and it works great !
very comprehensive , with great diagrams . more detailed than other similar works available from amazon kindle . good value for the money .
wonderful game . i just love it . keeps me guessing i hope they make more levels . you should try it . it's amazing
resource which keeps recovery at center of life experience . perfect start to every day . great addition to daily quiet time .
well writen , enjoyable book with plenty of twists to keep you interested till the very end . keep them coming .
very pleased with this purchase , gave some as gifts everyone was pleased that the stylus pen color matched their tablets .
i love it ! the bag strap has already broke , but i still love the camera . i will always take photos !
this final book of the series is great ! i would recommend it to everyone .
great fun , interesting collection . nice break from the dreck that is put out by hollywood now .
excellent products
inspiring
i love the music of the waveform label . it was nice to finally see it placed on something visual .
this is my rd pair of these walking sneakers . worth the price and the comfort is great ! my favorite sneakers !
beautiful little songs , with catchy tunes for little ones and not so little ones to enjoy , we love it .
i grew up his music'he help me threw some 'good and'bad times'keep up the good work'''
a gift for a friend with arthritis who is looking forwardto relieve her pain by using caroine's delicious receipes
one of the most accurate and easy to use tuners that i have ever owned ! fantastic !
no complaints . just does what it's supposed to do . had it for a few months now with no issues .
grandkids liked
need an update of going to room love msp anywaysyou should really get it , if you want add me
this is a great shoe , comfortable and good looking . i don't think it's worth the price however . sent it back .
i ve received this philips norelco x hp sensotouch d electric razor , and it is a very good one ! it s made in usa !
great product so far . the ink has surpassed my expectations . i got for the price of one at staples .
this case is all that i expected and more , it is well padded and suits mt needs perfectly .
so perfect on my wall . i have a laid back personality and everyone thought it was perfect for my room .
great song ! i can't believe it took me this long to find it !
easy install and it works great .
living in fl i never know when a storm hits and this little hat fits easily into my tote . okay !
comfortable , love the fit , and the classic style , love the leather , no break in time , ordered second pair , love , love .
love it ! the whole family loves it ! we have nothing but positive comments about this game . ages from to adult .
perfect fit an feel . great product great seller . best price online .
louisanna charm great ! my la . charm was the best at the best price , i had look everywhere for one .
comfortable , great bargain , shows a little more toe cleavage than ithought it would but i'm sure i'll wear it alot .
i am so glad disney re did this movie ! it looks great and there are great dvd features as well
filled in a lot of gaps in my understanding of that era . wish that they would have made more episodes .
this app is good not great . its a good way to kill time . overall , i am glad i have it .
i love this item it makes transporting a hair dryer easier and faster to destination . i wanrt to buy more items
fit too small at waist . otherwise nice looking skirt . length was to the knee . needed to order one size larger .
extraordinary uses for ordinary things , ways to save money and timeisbn pub date type binding paperbackpublisher readers digest
works fine except it is too fat for some cases , thus only start .
my boyfriend loved them . they are a great gift for gym monkeys . its a good present for any occasion .
this is a great product i have porches others good price i will recommend this to any one .
my son loves this . it is great when i need to get a little housework done . love it ! great dvd
its excellent product , good condition , very much useful . thank you very much
nice size and really works ! i am very pleased with this product and will order more when needed excellent ! thanks !
this is a truly amazing book ! the writing is incredible and the storyline is great ! i can't wait for more !
these are exactly what i expected . i wear a size . shoe normally and an of these fit great .
leaves you wonder where it is going , the writing style is unique , the characters intriging . it is a possible reread
although i have not checked out all the new features yet , i have used quicken for probably over years .
excellant book . i laughed and i cried . great journey of kims life . two thumbs up and stars for sure .
it's a good book . took me a long time to find it . very interesting stories i liked it a lot .
funny book , not a real dating how to book , just plain funny . i would recommend this book , just for fun .
couldn't stop reading . definitely a page turner as i found myself lost in this wonderful book . i highly recommend it .
great addition to anyones collections . its different so people love it . can be used in doors or out . very sturdy
. stepping away from a hectic daymade easy by this game . take your time and use the hints when you're stuck .
too soon after purchase to determine how well it works has only been several weeks . am hopeful ! has light feeling .
whole series is so hot you'll burn your hands . guaranteed to improve your love life
thought it was laugh out loud funny .
sister loves this one the most . its casual and she uses it all the time .
i'm not happy that they're coming out with a new version . dsm iv tr is thorough and easy to understand .
item was new and worked perfectly , easy to install . gave us the much needed memory for our large graphics files .
keeps you on the edge of your seat . couldn't put it down . can't wait to read the last of the series .
great watch , worth every cent ! not water proof , if that's an issue . was not an issue for me though , weeeeeeeeeeeeeee !
great item , does exactly what i want it to do , the price was right and the shipping was outstanding .
everything was good with this purchase on time and accurate description . i'm anxious to dive in and get the book finished
no problems with this device . it is silent , elegant and i believe is doing the job i need . les sinclair
great communication . fits well , looks great . very happy .
nothing to complain about . just good for those who use this product every month
it kept me wanting more because it was so juicyand i enjoy hot and steamy books when i am alone
enjoyed reading and even put the sequel on my wish list . liked the character and what he stood for morally .
picture quality is excellent ! the audio quality is very dissappointing , it sounds like an old transistor radio .
got this for my uncle to watch . thank you for your help and time ! he really enjoyed watching the series .
gorgeous . big . will make my niece very happy indeed . arrived very quickly . as colourful as it appears in the photo .
creamy and rich colors . i love using these pastels !
loved them , light , modern design , looks like real glassware , safe , perfect for outdoors , pool , or just for the everyday use
i enjoy every moments of it , especially the strong vocal that showcase her vocal ability . please support this true star
it's chuck full of examples , easier to learn from just this than trying to decipher a massive and complicated textbook .
just as advertised . it was shipped quickly and is the correct size . i love these custom colored caps !
we have these in all of our showers . they work well and worth the money . i would buy again anytime
spencer quinn's chet bernie mysteries are always a very good read and this one is no exception . another good romp !
i love this dvd ! definitely makes you sweat and produce great results !
these tongs are the perfect size and are easy to handle . a great addition to the kitchen !
excellent product . fit perfectly on my wife's new gmc acadia . fast delivery .
really good read for the summer !
i expected this book to be a little larger , but it still does the job .
the drama in this series is complex and thrilling . i love this series and hope for many more seasons . enjoy !
got this for my husband after purchasing a rv , and he says it's got a lot of good information .
very vert good . i was caught completely unaware by the ending . i will definitely read more by this author . suz
it's well made . not much else you can say about a cable . no issues so far . would definitely purchase again
highly recommend the decals , they go on very well and last for a long time . great price and nice look . cobra !
this body is to cool love the jeep and the crawler look putting it on my venom creeper a
the book was amazing and an awesome read . i'm ready for book . i can't wait . wonderful book and worth reading .
this cable for subwoofer has a feet length , this is perfect for a small area , like my studio room
the sharpener is one of the best i have used . i love how smooth is sharpens my eye pencils .
the product showed up ahead of schedule and works great . drill works like new .
protects ipad and lets you pose the ipad up so you can watch it , worth it to protect your ipad
didnt pay the extra dollar for the hd and the picture was still just as good great movie also .
why would there be a game called beauty secrets . the tips i think seem helpful hope they make me look better .
i brought this for my dad who had a copy and it was tearing apart . he loved it so much .
continue to buy this item for my dad's dementia and we think it helps . recommend it as a preventative also .
i like quinoa , but each order i have had at least one of the bags busted open and quinoa everywhere
it has pretty good instructions , but some are a bit hard to follow and they require parts not readily accessible
i replaced my western digital product with this . very compact and easy to use .
a very nice addition to my cell phone . it fits pretty good . i have not had any issues so for .
its hard for me to find size . i am very happy that i found it here . also very good selection .
very narrative and informative . good book .
i was so happy to find this product online as it is no longer availabale at my beauty supply store .
it works as advertised . great idea .
my son loves to dance along with the characters . he enjoys the music and tries to sing along with it .
wonderful book cannot wait to see the movie and read the next book she is working on . i highly recommend
excellent continuation of a long running series , would recommend this for any one who is a fan of epic tragedies .
easy to use and gives you good design control . the different colors work with a bunch of different nail polishes .
you'll know immediately that this author is the real deal . you won't forget his book .
helpful in learning even more about orbs i have seen . thank you . this book is helping me understand alot more .
got this for my daughter's macbook , and she loves it . fits her computer perfectly , no problems with it at all .
thoroughly enjoyable , lives up to its name of being a prophetic novel . reminds me of the world we live in
works as well as i had hoped . fits perfectly and looks factory made , can't ask for anything else . thanks alot .
beautiful detail and a quality product . the earrings are a very nice length . its gorgeous . i love relios jewelry .
this was another gift for my son and he was very pleased and happy . he plays it all the time .
a must for civil war buffs and arm chair historians .
this was a great transaction . was reluctant to spend this much online purchasing but all went very wll
arrived on time . works great .
love gift card as i know my son in law can choose whatever he would like from his wish list !
i'm only halfway thru and it's helped already written for 'the regular guy' you don't need any other book this is it !
just plug play for mac . no issues encountered . works great for mac with no additional software to play movies .
it is excellent and easy to use . the brought the world smallest laptop to my hands . thanks for your product .
everything described is accurate . works like a champ . pumps fast and quietly . comes with hose adapter so none needed . recommended .
love love love beth moore ! got this one free thru amazon prime ! keeps me reading in ohio long cold winters !
what guy wouldn't want to be jack reacher . independent and principled . another great reacher book . thank you again , lee child .
after more than a year , our grandson still loves playing with this set . we have bought him an expansion pack .
my granddaughter wanted this for christmas and is looking forward to experimenting and being able to see the crystals grow !
did exactly what it was meant to do . perfect !
i thought this was one that folded up small but i'm tired of returns . it is a nice backpack anyway
girls love it
what can i say . it does the job and matches the copper look i am going for with my computer .
a pretty creepy movie with a surprise ending . unique idea . i especially liked the housekeeper .
this boot is very heavy duty . it will last for years and is very easy to put on and off .
this stuff works !
medium size runs a little big and it feels more like unisex rather than women's style . a decent product overall .
this is a good follow up for his previous book , tantric quest . very deep and profound . i recommend it highly .
i gave this as a gift and the receiver liked it a lot . i love the fragrance .
works as it should . will see how long it lasts . good price .
my year grandson loves reading the book . i love to hear him laugh when he reads it to me .
living in the deep south , got a couple of these for gifted for friends . funnyto read and rea y good recipes .
the product was a replacement for power cord that we lost on a trip . plug it in . it works as intended .
no problem with one . very simple setup . works like a charm for my sears garage door . i would strongly recommend .
this is a very informative book . realy a must read for anybody contemplating doing business in china .
its the best way to buy online psn cards , simple and easyfully recomended , no problems at allthanks for reading
this fits perfectly on my macbook pro , and i have no connecting problems at all . overall it's a great product !
it is good stuff , but the pin inside not strong . it was falling out one of them when i receive .
thanks for the fast shipping ! can always count on those who take priority to send out customers orders ! a
enjoyable easy reading , i will continue to follow alexa grace , books
my son loves this . this was his second kendama and loves it more than the first !
awesome . i enjoy playing this game . my kids like playing it too . we like that it makes you think .
great fit , easy to put on . love the access i have with the cove still on . thanks will buy again
best price i could find . fits great . looks great ! very light . easy to put on . im happy with these shoes . the colors are great too
i wish all kids would watch this movie so they understand what bullying can do to a child's mental state .
these strings just feel great to play . they sound awesome too ! i think they might even make me sound better lol
lather it up , leave it on while you shower , then thuroughly rinse , no conditioner afterwards and your head is kuh lean !
i love watching this movie . i had like it meny yrs ago when it first came out . happy that i bought it .
excellent product . my wife can easily carry all of the grocery bags all by herself .
it's a classic . don't judge the book by it's movie . sit by the fire and read as dickens intended it
live to build monster factories and fill up slime tank so much building collect bones keeps you busy
they worked great , lasted for quite a while . ended up letting a close friend have one . she loves hers , too .
i thought it was good but the naked people was gross but i like war stuff so i liked it
this book was a great read . the story was insightful and touching . the characters were also relatable .
they work exactly as described . as long as you are aware that it is only one lock per package unit .
as usual , good quality barbie product , and all fits together well . would recommend this to any child that loves barbie !
this stabalizer does a great job in keeping the bikes from moving swinging on the bike hitch . a very handy product !
very durable and reasonable for the price they have it listed at . will buy again and inform family and friends .
my second shark . i will never own another type of vacuum .
exact match for the one we lost out of our set .
a must have for the die hard black sabbath w ozzy fan that want's to complete their collection .
these shoes are awesome . these are my daughter's second pair . ordered them early for summer because price was so great .
light reading .
tullys coffee pods are very great tasting . they have a strong coffee taste but is also very smooth . very good !
nice change from the all white
this is a great value for a good quality coffee . we go through a lot and have always been pleased .
great product . just as i expected from a sony product . this lens is very good for portraits and night shots .
this very stylish bible cover is great looking and a great value . every bible needs a cover this nice !
this is another good read by aaronstander .
very nice glasse careful with the nose piece when changing the lenses
this was the funniest book that i've read in several years . when finished , i immediately bought his other books .
perfect for dispaying the smallest earrings to the larger hoops . very sturdy . i will be purchasing more in the future .
exactly as described reasonably priced . i'm using it for a submerged water feature in my backyard it's perfect .
i have worn teva sandals for years . they are so comfortable and light it's almost like being barefoot .
reading it now
i needed a case fit my h n along with the batteries , cords , sd cards , ect , and for a reasonable price .
very different writing style . loved it ! i cannot wait to read more from this author . i highly recommend this book !
good unit
i purchased it for my aunt and she liked it even though it was a little bulky for her purse .
i used my blender for the first time yesterday . it works great and looks awesome in my kitchen . love it .
i watch heroes over and over . i cant get enough of it . it was cean and had no scratches . thanx .
such an amazing story . so many feels . wing dip .
big book , lots of reading . i am not thrill with the math section as this is not my favorite subject !
loved this whole series . really enjoyed this book as a continuation of this series . it was a very fun read !
excellent writing . love his books . sensitive , mild humor , a fabulous series of books . i recommend all of michael nava's books .
love it . get compliment all the time .
i use this for cat fishing with lb test line and med . heavy rod . i like it a lot
it works great . very easy to use . i love it very much . the attachment to make con comfortable to use .
another page turning book that kept me in suspense till the last few pages not knowing how it will end .
fantastic . if you liked fast food nation , and have thoughts about our society . then this is for you . a true eye opener .
my grandchild adores this app . she has a lot of fun with it and is learning from it as well .
great machine . just what i was looking for . c easy to use and clean up . would recommend this machine anyday .
my home printer . scans well and prints well . great product . wish i had started using laserjet before now .
fantastic juicer . no complaints at all . all veggies and fruits are turned into juice with no problem . super powerful motor !
items meet all of my expectations and perform very well . will be reordering again soon . thanks and best regards , ray k .
love the two tone colors on this case , plus i love anime . great style and a great price woot woot
great read , can't wait for his next work . he never disappoints as an author . thoroughly happy with this new book .
i am so glad i bought these . these are great at blocking out light . i am sleeping again past sunrise !
i have been a fan of kool and the gang for many years and i truly enjoy their music . great
great little sweeper so convenient , light weight and handy for those quick clean ups would give it stars if i could
asin b kq xkc lego storage brick , yellow love it . christmas gift . will keep den and bedroom clean and free of small pc
love this devotional and convenient to use . convenient to access online and take with you to read on the go .
good movie of substance . it was very inspiring . we liked it . we recommend it to others . good message . good story .
this book is organized by different regions of the world the american sunbeltmexicocaribbeanlatin americaeuropeafrica and middle eastindiasouth asiathe orientvery good recipes !
fantastic ! gets better each season . we love this show ! amazon is my favorite way of purchasing shows . thank you amazon .
it has nice soothing sounds . seems to help my wife sleep through my snoring .
all for the name of love a person will go to no end . the ending was a surprise but sweet !
i wish i could order more of the same , for my family . good item for the price . very happy with it .
so far i have had great results . liked it so much i purchased the roomba
love this series
these are great clippers . they work great as long as you keep them oiled . they showed up on time too .
the book is great ! van praagh explains everything so simply for you to understand . loved the book !
great experience .
great choice for everyday use protects your lens from scratches and almost doesn't impact the image colors
i used the sequin for ornaments on my tree . i could have used bigger sequin but these worked out great . thank you .
beautiful edition of the nlt in a big pocketsize for taking with you . make sure you have your reading glasses !
nice battery bank , good designs quality . as usual anker has good package and customer services . highly reccomand !
so glad rhea and ty finally married . can't wait to see what happens in the final book of the series .
they work great ! the length is much better then the short foot ones and the cord is heavy duty
i got these boots for a christmas present to myself . i love them they fit perfect and are very comfortable .
congratulations to the great cast for their grammy nom for the across the universe soundtrack ! very well done .
some of the last good music that has ever been recorded at the end of orchrestral and true singers ever
grandpa loved them !
it's a great tv that my kids love in their play room . it was very easy to install and run .
best game ever ! loved it ! you should try it . you'l become addicted to it . it really boosts your brain . anomynous
it is the best drawing app ever i leaned how to draw everything from frozen . i really liked it . thi
great product . works great for my need . i will buy more . light out put is great as well color output .
this series just keeps getting better and better ! i can't wait to start the third one ! i love these books !
as a knitter , a mom , an introvert and a cat lover i must say i adored this book . thanks stephanie !
i have a girly girl who prefers digital because it's easier to see . this is the perfect watch for her .
nice add on
i am involved in a bible study and i find this book just full of information , i use it everyday .
this book helped me better understand some of the challenges that were not clear in some of my early readings .
the product performed excellently in non gluten baked goods . it kept the products from crumbling and gave them an excellent texture .
lestoil is a must have for your cleaning arsenal that will last you and i will stand by that forever .
looking at it you could almost swear it is stalking you sizing you upfor it's next meal .
great alternative if you can't spend as much for a littman . works very well even when working with young children .
the cover is so beautiful ! when i use this , touch is good . just the side of cover not very well .
my little mermaid wouldn't be complete without these cute shoes ! they run a little wide , but my daughter doesn't mind !
nice color love the pink have not use it yet looking forward to place on my phone , easy to assemble .
irene's done an excellent job sharing her difficult childhood and how she learned to overcome the effects of it . great !
using these for hanging off of my manzanita centerpieces . i am saving money for my wedding by doing them myself
came as advertised , i use it daily !
the grand kids loved them . even i was playing with them and we all had a lot of fun . fun !
never had seen this movie before so i had to check it out . good movie . good actors . love the old school gems fasho
the hello kitty lanyard is adorable . i love it ! i wear it to work to keep track of my keys .
i would recommend eric worre and his seminars too . he has such positivity ! this was so helpful and very well written .
this is the perfect compliment for my vista software . now i can do everything i want to .
great little desk , my daughter loves it and it doesn't take a lot of room . perfect .
el concierto esta muy bueno . la musica , el sonido , etc . me gusta mucho como canta bolton
purchased other brands that looked like swing a way . fell apart in a year . this is a great product . buy the best !
this is another well made park tools product . tire levers allow for safe changing of bicycle tires , stop using screwdrivers .
arrived as stated and is new as shown .
these games are fun . i play alone , but it's more fun with other people of course .
this case is super cute . i love it ! i get compliments on it every time that i use the case .
ordered this dvd for my husband . he likes this series . it was a great value ! he has all seven seasons .
excellent quality , works perfectly with our dimmers , very nice color temperature . highly recommended .
in looking for an explanation of her father's disappearance , julia finds answers to many questions that haunt all of us .
a gift for my yr old . he loves the fit and design . i would recommend for purchase as a gift .
great
drum sounds r very awesome . btw , phone can's fully be suitable for this earphone . i am using d . . .
it fits and keeps my luggage clean , keeps the airlines from beating it to death . a must in traveling today .
these have got to be the cutest most comfortable shoe , would like in every available color ! love them gotta get more
blue sky hammocks with mosquito net is very comfortable and easley set up
very nice and is working well for my son in high school . i would highly recommend this calculator for anyone .
very soft . thought color would be a little more tan but it works . would buy again . loved the comfy feel .
strong tool that works well . i was able to remove the bb even though there was some rust that developed .
this is a lovely book . once i started , there was no putting this little jewel down . just great characters . thanks
very funny ! enjoyed the clever writing . watched it with my kids , and they enjoyed it very much too . laughed out loud . loved it .
this is a classic . if you like comedy with a little bit of mystery , this is the movie for you .
what a smooth sandal , is the best i ever wear , when you put your feet on it is ultrasmooth . buy it !
i really like this neat little mixer for all single glass or cup drink mixing . super easy to clean up .
needed one to replace a shaker my roommate bought . literally looked the same as the one we got in vegas .
i found this strap online and when compared to gc and sam ash they couldn't even come close in price .
better screen resolution and definition than you'd expect . it is quick and easy to use . you can't beat the price .
they feel very comfortable . easy to put on take off . light weight but warm . keep my ankles and feet warm .
not much to say about a battery except i got the right one and i was very happy about it !
perfect and beautiful . sends out the right message to all who read it , everyone should have a chubby chico charm
i ride just a little and it took a week of riding for my butt not to be sore .
great ! much easier to use than those red gas cans that have all the safety features . want to buy more !
just as described
this soundtrack takes me back to the theater production i saw . also the movie which is fantastic with meryl streep .
the instructions are very clear to put the case on the phone and the case protects the phone very well
my granddaughter loved this little outfit . it is so cute and gives her ideas of skating . someone does beautiful work .
good and attractive narrative . sometimes departs from general line . more attention should be paid to ies to ies formation process .
as it is pictured . very comfortable . will buy again from this seller . can be worn as fashion or wedding .
well , lets just say i blushed through the whole book . to think we have a place like that in texas . wow .
we really liked this at first , but it appears to be drying when used over time .
great product . nice and clear . the product is just as it was described . good for keeping your screen scratch free .
just what i wanted very good cd . thanks again for your quick response . hope to deal with you again .
used them for center pieces for my daughters shower
loved this book . had no idea about this part of history . what a story ! what a part of american history !
works
took it on holiday with me to read by the pool . not too scientific and yes it was useful
excellent reference book . the size is considered a book not a pocket guide anymore .
just finished origin . i enjoyed it very much . will look forward to reading more . cannot wait to read more . wow .
bands come in different strengths for exercising .
this is a great product for a great price . we have had no problems with it .
great for a small around town bag , comfy too . price was much better here than in the stores . good deal .
as with the 'grumpies' , it is too bad these comedy geniuses have left us !
does the job nicely , looks exactly the same for a third of the price . to me that's a good deal .
keeps the hubby in the garage for hours so i can do my crafting in the basement in peace ! yes !
it is a large beautiful brooch . i purchased it as an accent on my wedding dress . it should be perfect .
great seller , fast delivery , good product fits as advertised ! better than expected . good protection for a good price i recommend it . wp louisville ky
i haven't read this book . but lindsey beisel likes it , so you should probably get it .
i don't like big earrings . i bought these and i love them . i wear them all the time ! not disappointed !
really soft , nice large size . this will be in the family for a very long time . very nice print ! great product !
philips sonicare advance a series replacement brush head , standard pack great product . fast service .
best book ever awesome im and i loved it such awesome book you need to buy this book a a
i highly recommend this book to anyone in the mft field . it's a great source to have .
perfect quality for my young daughter . true to size based on measurements given . nice weight for so cal . really cute !
this book had the info i was looking for when i wanted to learn how to rebuild my t trans .
nice item . easy to use and provide an incredible amount of external storage . well made and really a good price .
outstanding spiritual book on st . joan of arc . beautifully written and easy to understand . what an extraordinary young woman she was .
it was the best next to prism that i heard . can't wait for her concert ! my daughter loved this cd .
great addition for my samsung inch lcd hdtv . makes connecting to my cable provider a snap .
quick and easy . nothing really more to say . but i have to anyway cause of amazon sooooo ya . alright then
i have really enjoyed this series . i feel like i know the characters i can't wait for the next series
it was exactly what i needed and it arrived quicker than i expected .
this book was offered at a good price and was in excellent condition , a good deal for a college student !
beautiful
the item is exactly what i expected . shipping was outstanding , used regular shipping and received in days ! excellent service .
if you like music with a hint of celtic sound then you will like this . a great christmas sounding cd .
great product , not disappointed at all . very bright . after installed bulbs i was very pleased with the purchase and the quality !
loved it !
this is a great accent table , at a great priceand easy to put together . no disappointmentwith this one
good colors , but the cutting tool is not good , you will need a scissors . . . . . . .
it meant my expectations . it was in good shape for being a used item and we are enjoying reading it .
love these court shoes !
spongebob squarepants is my kids favorite show . they watch it . its fun for the whole family to watch together too . love it !
good product , i like this lab , i and my friends , really like it . good very stuff . its my opnion . enjoy
my son and i love these . you can talk into the stethoscope and hear the words very clearly . definite buy !
this is a very nice knife , sweet looking too . it has a surgical steel blade and a very nice leather sheath .
was a gift for myself great read . would but again or give as gift . arrived early and in perfect condition
item fits and works as advertised . have purchased items from seller in the past , great items and great business .
lindo cuento para compartir con los ni ntilde os y ver las moralejas que ellos pueden concluir , incluso bueno para los adultos
the test lots of twists and turns exciting and complicated plot surprising endings . moved quickly throughout the story . good read
it's always good to see something new from the zappa files . this is not disapointing , although could have been longer .
works like a real charm truthfully not a scam comes just as promised exactly would buy again love this item !
hung on my wall had to push couch back picture so good sounds good was easy to set up
i wish there had been more of them . i have always preferred period pieces and these are always very good .
i would recommend the purchase of these pajamas . they are well made and durable . the john deere part was great !
just what i needed . this definitely exceeded my expectations and i would highly recommend it . great value for the price .
i thought it was well wrote book . love the characters . the setting in montana made you think you were there .
good quality . shipping was fast
using right now . very compact , very good quality . highly recommend . perfect for travel . makes typing much easier . very good price .
great iphone cover . great price . great fit . and it's a fun way to express yourself without breaking the bank .
good product delivered in a timely and competetive manner . subject matter is excellent and will take a lifetime to digest .
i like to listen to this song so i rated it with some stars ! many of them in fact . behold !
was as expected and was shipped ontime . one of my favorite teas . it was a good price and is fresh .
our little grand daughter loved it ! even helped grandpa assemble it ! was very quick and easy ! exactly what we expected . awesome fun !
i love the series , but felt this season was a bit too eventful in the death department . very sad ending .
nicely fit . great shoes for lazy weekend without dressing to sloppy .
love it , so joyful to listen to and the scenery is so beautiful , hope to go to ireland some day
i absolutely love this book . it has sweet bible stories and places for mommy to write down thoughts and comments .
fixed my tv after it kept shutting off by it self . this piece has saved me dollars . thank you
excellent first edition ! super happy with seller too !
these are the cutest the person i gave to loved them . i put them on top of diaper cake .
great bag for winterish weather . looking forward to a lighter fabric for a summer version of the bag . great buy !
just a lens cap . didn't expect too much . what i received was just fin . it should work fine , thank you
very happy with these shoes , very comfortable and fit well . highly recommend . will purchase another pair in the near future .
my and year olds are really enjoying this book .
good wall charger , fast charging speed , not blocking other outlets and good price . recommended for apple and non apple devices . i love it .
everything i hoped it would be .
it gives good results , rapidly but can sometimes hurt in the eyes be careful when you apply it
great pictures a little heavy on goat cheese but overall good !
this is a nice piece of silver jewelry . i'm considering getting another !
just as expected , book shipped very quickly too !
outstanding quality , and fits great as a paddle carrier . holders for mags tight , doesn't rattle , firm hold . would buy again .
i'm enjoying it so far . no problems !
the recipes look great ! can't weight to try them !
just love our kuerig ! this was a great price for some of our favorites ! they came just as ordered ! yay !
i loved this book any book written by jasinda a highly recommended read can't wait for her future books .
suspenseful and fast moving . i enjoyed it . easy to picture the flood and the actions taking place . nice conclusion . happy .
it was my sons second nes game ever played back in even thought it was released years ago . great product .
this is a really good game . but . the refill time on gas is really long . that is my only complaint .
very cute . both kids love this . pack so worth it , rather than buying each one seperatly . no problemsthanks
it's great everyone wil love it and if you don't i'll find yo
good graphics , controls are responsive . starts out easy but gets challenging . you dont have to make in app purchases . fun
my granddaughter loved this productof course anything dealing with makeup is going to be a hitgoodbye for now
is the panasonic es s pro curve elite convex wet dry rechargeable shaver alright to use with sensitive skin ? thanks !
fans of gothic metal will love this haunting lyrics in a nightwish vein . terrific !
gives basics , but requires alot of investments in filters , etc if you want to do all effects . good idea book
this calendar is perfect in every way . it is perpetual , fun , decorative and just makes me feel good . great purchase .
does what it's supposed to do . the red latch is hard to close and not easy to padlock .
this was a gtreat item , arrived on time , great price wonderful customer service , happy holidays please check this site out . have a great day
this is probably one of the most unusual books i have read ! i could not put it down !
one of my all time favorite shows . i watch all the stargate shows lol love them all . thanks amazon lol
adore all of these actors . had to add this to my classic list of home movies . goofy and fun .
i wish i did not have to write a review i rather just leave stars its much faster for people
now my cars runs faster and it doesnt stop when you take the gas pedal out , it sabes baterry also
good game . like all the little monsters and the options of killing them off . good avatars too . wicked cool game .
the graphics are great . the competitive atmosphere is palpable . like going to vegas without the heat and smoke
ready to use as soon as you get it it looks really stylish n works great i love this item
picture awesome processor slow remote clonky owerol good tv for the money . design weary modern and up to contemporary standards .
great phone for the price .
worth the read . intriguing plot . enough detail to keep things interesting . i will look for more books from this author .
crossover tubes worked fine with just a little fine tuning . quality seems good , grill works fine after the rework .
the quality of the main characters' performances was top notch . i would watch this more than once , really . i would
this is a very good book on how to make great sauerkraut and other recipes . and how to pickle vegetables
loved this movie my type of comedy and i think that there is some truth to it stars d
product working great . thank you !
my son told me about these , they are tasty and are great for your digestive health as well .
i love this game its awesome ! best game ever . you gotta play this game . the most addicting game i've ever played
a unqiue style of fighting that doesn't not exist anywhere else today .
i bought this bt headset , it is working good so far and i am please with its performance .
i play it everyday . i made lots of stuff . needs to update on kindle . i made a pirate ship .
we love this show ! the only problem is there aren't enough episodes . we are addicted . so keep them coming please .
i loved it . can't wait for part two i wonder what will happen . will there be a third book ! ?
my daughter wanted this for a gift as she had used it before at the salon . she really likes it .
lara , u did a great job i throughly enjoyed andreas' story and can't wait to see what in store next .
great rolled leather collar for long haired dogs . virtually eliminates knotting and tangling of hair around neck and mane areas .
i always liked reading sidney sheldon's books . i had a hard time putting the book down . it was great reading .
good looking case , however the blue color faded significantly after a few months . seems to protect the phone well though .
perfect fall color . vibrant , fits very well , love it and would recommend and purchase more . great price , sleek , sophisticated look .
very nice . my son love the glow wire addition to his halloween costume . the buzzing sound is not too loud .
hard to find batteries for my high intensity flashlight . these last longer than most . alternatively get rechargeable ones to use .
excellent product . does the job without harming our pets or the environment . will be ordering again this month .
fun game some times makes you feel stupid but other wise it is fun . good way to pass the time
a kool range of sides to choose from , but the larges shredding side is still too small of a hole .
great almost as good as the original , vastly different in alot of respects , including the ending .
a great series that should have lasted longer when you watch tim hutton you see jim hutton in his performances
the colour is exactly what they advertised , good quality and holds everything including an ipad . love this bag . lovely bag .
this was a christmas gift for my grandaughter and or birthday gift to add to her current hugepokemon plush collection .
works as expected as a portable backup power supply . it seems to charge as rapidly as the original power supply .
better than picture .
ghastly but intriguing will buy others boxing was easy to use and safe product was in stated condition thank you
this book was a great read keeping me interested the entire time . it was a quick light read for me .
i love this envelope system ! everyone should have one hopefully it will help my family with budgeting our money !
i love word games . this helps you learn new , words and meanings to those words . thanks to the developers of their work .
wonderful scent ! very fragrant . wish it wasn't as pricey tho . for they could have included a mini candle or something !
informative
what a beautiful and heartwarming story . my wife and i both loved it . thank you doyle for your lifes story .
it is a nice rope . not sure what else to say . its a rope . well constructed . it should outlast me .
great value , beautiful music .
got for my niece at christmas and she really enjoys playing with it and others like it .
once again martin does nor disappoint . deep complex characters and plot along with detail . always finishes the reading wanting more .
i love my new kindle fire . i ordered it from amazom . com and it came next day . so easy to use .
i didn't expect much from a ya about monster hunters . surprisingly good and refreshing in execution . i need more . please
very good book gives each step of the case involved . good explanation of events in the book . would recommend
excelente controller , muy bueno recargable , vale la pena por el precio , mi hijo y yo lo usamos todo el tiempo
flo rida the man . good recording . pretty much every song on the wild ones album is listenable . happy with the pucrhase .
this has been a great addition to my bathroom . it fits nicely behind the door and holds about rolls .
works awesome .
great service and product . i would recommend it to anyone who is purchasing ! thanks !
i love the style , color and the size . just what i was looking for . i may come back for more .
i received this book in great shape and quickly . i love this author and enjoyed the book .
great product , great service
for a lot of reasons , really educated me on anxieties and potential origins . great read for anyone trying to understand .
i have these every morning with my coffee . not too sweet , and stays with me until lunchtime . i am hooked !
i ordered this dvd for my wife . it arrived well within the time framei was told it would . chuck
great game play with family and friendskids love to learn new things and guess the pictures . great great fun gamerosary
pretty much the only brand i buy . low hype , high quality .
durable , dish washer friendly , and larger in size weight . unlikely that these will need to be replaced in the next years .
i like to purchase this video . how can i get it from amazon ?
i have tried many juicers that more expensive , and they did not come close to the breville . i love it .
i enjoy reading spiritual items to help me grow . i may use this in our bible study , good work material .
this product worked out well . it fit the instrument and was very convenient to purchase . it is a good fit .
very strong scent and nicely bottled . worked well for the natural insect repellent i made at home .
this runs great on kindle fire , and ischallenging even in easy mode but not impossible . looking forward to the sequel .
the cover is a good fit , only a little difficult to put on . other than that great product . great value !
wonderful ! a beautiful exploration of diving locales , providing lots of excitement and inspiration for future trips . a really great read !
so many scify flicks are worn out battle scenes and fx . falling skies has real characters and real story lines .
nice swim suit , not very expensive . but you should wash it by hand because the material is a little delicate .
bridgertons and family and gleeful witty quotes and fun fun fun there are all very well linked . a great read
it is very silent . i don't hear the fans . it keeps the laptop cool even after several hours of use .
great book . thanks for the help . i am sure i will use this workbook often .
just what i was hoping for , great price for what i needed . what you see is what you get . thanks
richard mansfield is the best writer for the novice hoping to learn computer programming . an excellent book for the beginner .
way to go teena ! i loved this cd from start to finished . rip rick james .
these earphone cushions were very difficult impossible to find elsewhere . the variety an quality were excellent ! also a bargain .
great handheld vacuum cleaner at a great price !
it's a great case for the price and i like how it protects my iphone . very pleased with it .
came fast , in package , made a great present for my brothers girlfriend , will be dealing with you in the future
worth watching every minute ! my girlfriend and i chose this over the hobbit and thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it .
as described , good price and cheaper than the store by makes phones little bulkier but is a good fit
good place to start but i wish i had gotten this when she was younger for an earlier head start .
i have nothing to complain about , perfect , good for the money jewel case ! easy way to organize them
this game is very fun to play and the graphics are very good . awesome for being free . worth the download .
very nice ! would recommend to anyone wanting to keep i pod safe and sound ! extra pockets for headphones and cord !
the boy loved this sexy little piece . it fits perfect in every area . that's all i've got to say ! hot
very nice bright new led lite for d maglitecompared this to the d battery maglite and its no comparison .
enjoy this game . you have bonuses and free spin . the graphics are cute and lots of color and great music
i got these over others cause they were made in the usa and feel absolutely great on my feetalex
this is great padding used to protect your forearm from bruising or hurting . i needed this and it works well .
reduces swelling fast now remember just because it worked for me dose not mean it will work for you okay
thanks to mr . andrea bocelli for another great album
the lodge pre seasoned skillet is fantastic ! it cooks everything evenly and cleans up well with minimal scrubbing . above par product .
rodi does it again . another book you can't put down from beginning to end .
does exactly what it's supposed to do .
i had no idea what an interesting life shepard lived . i thoroughly enjoyed reading about him and his exciting times .
good belt for the price . i wear size pants and i got a size fits well . thank you
if you can't afford a trip to ireland read this journal . you'll feel like you are already there .
i can't stop listening the cd ! is just beautiful . paceful music , excellent lyrics , the music is fabulous . loved it .
makes filling up easier . works great .
great bench , bought for mother in law she loves it ! wanted something that required no upkeep ! would recomened .
one of the best books i've ever read , can't wait till the next one comes out .
very strange story lots of off the wall sub plots but it does come together finally ! i enjoyed , worth reading !
was what my daughter wanted and a great price . fast shipment and was what i expected toget . will do business again .
holds the abdomen in , gives a lot of support , just as pictured , excellant quality fabric , would certainly recommend to others
i brought this book for my grandson and i'm looking forward to sharing it with him ! i enjoyed reading it !
incredibly easy to use , clean , reliable and effective . so far , delighted .
fantastic intrigue ! wonderful , true tolife characters . never guessed the end ! can't wait for the sequel !
roseanne is fun to watch and what better episodes than the halloween specials ! hours of laughs !
this dvd burner was shipped fast and packaged really good . so far i love it .
answer the special blu ray edition of this film . i loved all the conan movies . robert e . howard would be proud !
i loved this movie . i found it extremely interesting and couldn't stop watching it . i would recommend it to anyone .
love the comforter . it is very soft and warm . it also washed well . would recommend definitely very very very nice .
i don't resave this i team
bought t for my daughter . heavy duty . she loves it
great job of getting to the facts quickly without a lot of fluff . i understand how the system works now .
bought weeks ago and i love it . hits harder than the rockfords i had in before
great amish mystery ! believable characters , nicely developed plot , twists . i want more from this author . i hope he keeps writing !
found this on the web very soft and easy to grab without slipping out of your hands i love it
this is a great book to study from . a lot of different problems and easy to understand . would definitely recommend .
this coffee is fantastic ! it's very mellow and smooth , and similar to the douwe egberts coffee served in restaurants .
it's convenient
can't wait to read the last book of this trilogy ! hope it will be available soon in amazon ! good job chrissy !
love this cover ! great color ! what else can a girl ask for ! it also came with a protector ! love it !
peanut butter cups or cherry chocolates . easy to remove the chocolates out of the molds . i would buy more shapes
i still enjoy the re reading of this classic series . it brings me to a different world every time i read them .
so helpful ! i build a greenhouse , a fancy house , a hobbit house , a treehouse , a houseboat , and a wizard tower !
i always love when items arrived as advertized . thanks for the pleasure of dealing with you . the book was perfect .
moving and romantically emotional . i would buy more books by the same author . i recommend you to read this book .
they are excellent
fantastic ! lasts much longer than the standard battery . it also acts as a stand for the tool .
this book was very action packed and had a very good story to it . i had no dislikes about it .
wow ! my wife likes it , what more can i say , my wife likes it , what more can i say
great frame and i bought it at a great price . i would definitely consider purchasing it again as a gift ,
wonderful movie , despite the claustrophobic feeling . audrey hepburn is a walking advertisement for weight watchers , or something or other . incredible .
it shoot so far perfact head shoots this gun is amizing . buy it right now it is awesome best thing ever .
very good story kept me interested , i could hardly put it down !
good !
they fit on my tires very easily and look great ! the covers look expensive and are for a good price .
my boys love these seasame street figures and the accessories are cute too ! they are very durable and portable too .
it is an amazing book ! i managed to finish it after just two days . i would definitely recommend for anyone .
the recipient was thrilled with the book . she has been hoping to receive a copy of it for many years .
yes , adele rocks , plain and simple . love every song on this album . she has fire and soul in her voice .
excellent and fast .
how did i miss this one all my life ? i love it ! very cute movie ! good for the whole family !
helpful , i'd recommend the excel for dummies book for more in depth look into excel . easy to read and understand
it's thor's thunder rolling through with beauty and eloquence . a wonderful collection that makes the movie even richer .
super processor for the money
shipping was fast ! son was very excited to get this gun ! it works good haven't had any problems with jamming .
so much comedy in their everyday life that it can't be scripted . every person on the show is truly hilarious
very happy with this comfortable topper . shippped quickly and the order reported earlier wasn't a problem now .
fantasy flight games has a real winner with their x wing game . everything you need is included with each ship model .
my previous probe burned up in a gas grill grease fire . i got this replacement quickly and it works great .
ive had it for a while no crashes yet !
i have no idea if this works and who cares , it's so cute ! probably overpriced but it's a little bird !
not too red blonde , but works with all blonde hair shades . stays on and appears much more natural than penciled eyebrows .
adidas always has good product . i really recommend this t shirt . my brother in law loves it a lot
very entertaining series . you're always wondering what's going to happen and you'll try to interpret the wishes ! would def recommend
this book will help motivate you to do good things in the world . she pays attention to what really matters .
a book not to put down another winner mr baldacci . iam on to another of your books keep them coming
fantastic bra for running , none better . the girls don't move , not even a tiny bit .
great album by billy falcon . singer songwriter . great words and music . writes on many of bon jovi's album with jon and richie .
the story was well written and the characters were intriguing . series worth reading . looking forward to more books by beauman .
these pre cleaner fit a couple of my small engines . arrived in good condition and looked perfect . very happy with purchase .
instantly became my favorite hat . great fit . breathes well . i highly recommend this hat to all giants fans out there .
good but a little on the flashy gaudy side . hasn't brought me any good luck or fortune .
love this song because i can relate to the song !
very easy to use . met my expectations for a very affordable price . immediately turns any ordinary tv to a smart tv .
works like original parts . charge time is ok . use it everyday for more than a month , noting wrong was found .
star it was great !
it verry good love it
pleasantly surprised , looking forward to book .
the strokes are incredible , do yourself a favor and buy this zeitgeist cd immediately
i thought it didn't matter what it worked on but it does . it doesn't work on the i phone four .
quiet to operate . unlike most food processors , you can have a conversation while using it . really satisfied with the choice
fits well and doesn't feel like it's cutting me in two . quite an improvement over the run of the mill bra . love it !
good bundling of products and met my needs without purchasing more than i wanted .
this cd shipped quickly , frankie valli is always a fun listen and this had all the hits that we expected .
great and smells good
great camping tool
good deal . wife loves it .
i recommend this workbook to anyone interested in learning about tarot cards . the exercises in this workbook are very helpful .
sometimes things happen that aren't supposed to , like some of my pickups get ignored when i'm on a higher score .
he said it was awesome . just what he was looking for , he's into camo stuff and it fit the bill .
fits well good colorwell madewould purchase another pairfabric weight good not to thick or see through thin
this was bigger and had more pockets than anticipated . if available , i will purchase more of these fantastic laptop bags .
wonderful balance , great grip and stylish ! good value keeps its edge and is easy to clean and care for !
the netgear cameras were just what i wanted . easy install with no wires . great product with little or no install .
works well with the keys .
my mac is once again in top shape , the battery lasts a good hours . great buy , will definitely recommend .
i'm so glad that i found this one , lower than the common prices , and in very good quality . recommend for everyone .
it is a helpful saying to remember .
please keep writting this series about their new life as a couple ! and more on the organisation please !
good
best long dip net for crappie fishing that i have seen . have been looking for a long one for years
i didn't think a sprayer this cheap would work . but so far it's working great !
very fun app that my musical family enjoyed . my sons both play keyboad and it was fun to play with .
i like the skirt it's soft and it fits perfect i will oeder more .
i love this trilogy . they were good and hot scenes . i can't . wait till the pov from the male character .
put these new wheels on my grinder and it shakes all over the place . extremely disappointed with these wheels
these are flimsy and cheap looking , and i knew they would not last through washings . i was very very disappointed .
tight waist , overblown hips . like jodphurs . same fit both pairs i ordered , elastic waist and not . material was nice though .
be very careful ! the cot pad listed by warehouse deals is used ! it is not new ! read the condition part .
nice concept but it just didn't work out as well as i hoped it also moves around a bit much
diet and exercise is the only way to go , no short cuts ! this doesn't work at all , sorry dr . oz !
knife was not sharp and compass did not work , not pleased .
you can buy this same handbag on qvc or go to macys and pay . . this is a rip off !
my dog wouldn't even lick the paste . useless to me after that's . great ideas though . maybe different flavors would help .
did not like quality , can get same results from much cheaper hair straightener . i will probably return it . very sad
did not work right out of the box . unit showed signs of wear , scratches and loose usb port .
i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .
it would have been perfect but the xlarge fit like a kids xlarge . i had to return . please beware . thanks
flavor is great
this came perfectly wrapped . yet , the glass was completely cracked . waste of money ! i would not recommend this at all .
the cultural dialect kinda threw me . i couldn't continue reading . . iam certain the storyline is great ! just couldn't get into it !
this fit too big for being a kids size . very poor fitting and will just sit in closet now .
i was disappointed . they are cheap and look trashy instead of rocker chic . they also run very narrow .
just not very good .
you can't log into this app if you are a dish customer . i was very disappointed by this app .
worst amp i ever had . keeps cutting out . will never use again . do yourself a favor and use another brand .
this tape is good , but the price is so high i don , t think i will buy anymore . i an't rich .
wrong
i didn't like it doesn't fit my phone good i'm so unhappy with it
this is tiny , tiny ! it is useless and tiny ! do not waste your money ! read all of the other reviews !
so much for instant been waiting and it just says pending and no way to cancel order ruined my night
richard gere is a great actor just didn't like the story this time but will look for other r . g movies
too fast for my taste but fun . i wouldn't recommend it to someone like me who can barely keep up .
this guy sucks i ordered my book a few days ago and he still hasn't shipped it , i'm pissed .
i wear a . . this shoe was too big , more like a or . . i had to return them .
this product worked for about a month and then stopped working . you pay for what you get with this product .
its ok but it needs to have a higher edge
i'm from massachusetts and do not take kindly to kennedy hate books . plus the majiuana fields made no sense at all .
this goes way to high up on the chest to be worn with a v neck . didn't like .
mine died after mowing the lawn whole times . the battery seems fine , the key inserted , and it's just dead .
you must watch this movie in d or your missing about of it . they should offer a d version .
dont buy this ! we won't be fooled . wait for the extended version not this farce .
i have to take off to conect the charger , please consider to re design the product , making the dock area wider
it doesn't get the job done , if you're looking for usable digital photo editing , etc .
shirt came dirty . fits tight . short on arms . i like nothing about this shirt . calvin klieins sucks . won't buy again .
got a really bad rash from this so be careful . not sure what happened but hopefully it will go away .
this product didn't even work when i received it . definitely would not recommend to anyone . i will be returning it .
the storack rack was smaller than the website described and the drawers were flimsy and they did not fit well .
fits tighter that expected
what i received is not what is pictured .
no black at top of v light grey and navy blue in place of royal blue on sides . slow shipping
was not so easy to install . attracted a lot if lint . other than that everything else about it is ok .
don't know why the picture shows , and the description says it is an adjustable hat when it isn't adjustable . weird .
please do not waste your money ! this thing is worth max . cheap and flimsy . the plasic mirror is distorted .
the lyrics that come up to accompany the song are not clean .
perfect fit , right power wire length , right voltage . however i have traded a chirping fan for a buzzing one . quite annoying .
i ordered the wrong sponges . but they are nice even if they aren't what i was looking for .
disappointed . it did not fit the phone well . it felt as though my phone was rattling around in the case .
not easy to navigate . can't choose a song . basic .
not even close to quality of spider on my desktop . hard to select move cards on screen . options minimal .
i hate it it has all kinds of bubbles not good
when it came in the mail it was missing some rhinestones and it had ready faded it had turnedyellow
not happy with it ! had it about a month and it's cracked from normal use . it has a design flaw !
this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .
poor quality .
dont buy it . the basketball is shaped like an egg . it does not serve the purpose it was supposed to
unfortunately , one of the nip guards fell off about miles in .
save some money and frustration , get the chromecast .
this isn't silver , discolored already !
heard many good things about this game , but i couldn't quite get into it . it was a little too dry .
these ripped while putting them on . i don't think they were a large pair . how can i return then ? thanks .
cheap metal . broke
broke after the first use worst product i ever purchased . can't return it since i threw out the packaging .
did not flow well and the plot was thin . hardly focused on horses and racing . i was hoping for more
and the studios wonder why people download ! all the fan base and they are kicking themselves in the foot .
not what i imagine to weak doesn't have enough power . expected it to be powerful . wont recommend it to anyone .
boring and very predictable .
item came with a week but it didn't work as described or as the instructions indicated with the tools provided
wouldn't really call it a movie its more of video clips put together , disappointed it wasn't what i was expecting
this was a disappointment . i paid real money for this ? maybe for someone it is a value but not here .
this product did not do anything for me unfortunatly . i had such high hopes with what dr . oz had said .
they fit dollar coins , but , i wanted them for military challenge coins which are too thick for the coin protector .
even though i order a extra large it was too smallit was a just right for a small child
why would anyone consider paying over for a product that lists for under ? how does this even happen ?
not very good .
i want to return it . it's not worth the money all it is is a display of time and temperature
it stopped working after daysdo not recommend purchasing from this seller
ordered and got one that was broken . what do i expect for ? it also has a funny smell
disappointing . doesn't add much over the manual that came with my a . not as useful as some reviewers have implied .
this was a difficult product to work with . it is difficult to squeeze and it dries too quickly . ok ok
the wheel bearings of this vaccum are made of plastic and they will always break . mine lasted about four months .
this product was not as sturdy as i had hoped . it dents easily .
planted in peat pots . not one germinated . every other seed i bought had success in germination . these zero . bad seeds .
poor quality magnet , poor quality print , poor quality all around not worth the money , not laminated , not worth
honestly call of duty ? this is probably the biggest disappoint of the year . worst fps in the history of fps
i deleted it after playing one or two rounds . i'm still looking for an 'old school' app . . . .
your submission does not meet my expectations . i disliked the foil does not include any documents that support your quality .
good for used and cheap recommended to others yes i will why not is good and any want be satisfied
beware ! it's not a mario game ! it's a cheap puzzle game . terrible bait and switch . do not waste your money on this !
when my sister dropped it the handles literary splited apart from each other an we couldn't put it back tighter
received defective . didn't work .
the gum was tasteless to me and did not care for texture . got tired of chewing it a few minutes .
does not fit c . had to return
broke very easy
the title justs says it all . i'm just disappointed with the way my order was fulfilled .
this didnt tell me anything i didnt already know or couldnt find in a blog somewhere . dont waste your time !
i tried it but did not like it . it was not challenging for me .
does not work with newer ipad . says it's incompatible ! should have read the star reviews first . waste of money !
we don't really use this . seemed like a good idea at the time , but does it really do anything ?
the touch id plastic part came unglued allowed water in my phone and i now have water under my screen .
i did not recieve the item can someone explain what is going on ?
they don't fit the frames because they are thinner then the original lenses and the appear to be very cheap .
this saler is a fast shipper , not sure how well the makeup works , i didn't get to see it applied .
very pleased with the book . will definitely look ot for more . service provided was excellent . thx
the flow of the book is slow for me . i liked the characters , but it seemed to progress too slow .
color is really pretty , but i find it diffcult to put on my nail and it does not last .
the rubber turns into pink , not satisfied .
we don't need to see identification . these aren't the bunnies you're looking for . go about your business . move along . move along .
it sucks cheaply made i guess u get what u pay for . hey , what do expect for bucks
the wire pulls apart way to easy . not worth it
am a size and i order a xl which was way too small . it's really not true to size
the top of the romper fit perfect but the bottom half is way too small . i can't even wear it
important illustrations that are central to the plot is missing from this edition making it very frustrating to read
no matter how hard i tried , i could not get this machine to cut anything .
redemption by government is hell on earth , even in the free world . a movie about the byproduct of government dependency .
the other casino game is more interesting and has more action . this is not a exciting as the other game .
because you showed a bigger picture of it and it looks like it came from a bubble gum machine cheap
the story would be okay if the writing wasn't so terrible . it reads as if written by an eighth grader .
the little bag doesn't compare to my other travelon bags . makes me wonder why so inexpensively made compared to others .
it was broken and i returned it for a refund .
the case would be better if it had an anti scratch screen and if an after market car charger would fit
do you the taste of fruit juice or fruit drink . this one tastes like the latter .
wiring disconnected from connector after a few uses . i threw it away since it was not worth returning . poorly made .
a few interesting stories but most left me thinking meh . a good quick easy read but not something i'd recommend
please send correct one . it does not fit . thank you so much .
not the book i thought it was . did not like the writings
was not rubber . not enough spots in back for light and speaker . would not recommend toanybody false advertisement . bad product .
it shows three items in the add only shipped wrist guard very misleading will be returned
this does not work as an incense burner . every time we put a candle in it it just goes out .
if i want a boom i would of bought some c this thing blow up before it was blown up
helped very well for my sleep problems . but start working only after weeks of taking it right before bad
very disappointed in the battery life . used as a back up for our alarm system , it lasted only a few months .
full of bugs .
. good fast fun read .
it leaks !
repetitive words .
doesn't work well . antispam doesn't work on outlook . support is useless , can't refund it , what a waste of money !
i didn't like the colour it's not navy like the pictures and shinny not like shown but size is ok
would not recommend for weight loss aid .
either my daughter and i are really stupid , or this just doesn't work . we just had no luck at all .
this is just a cd r , in other words a bootleg issued on the infamous now defunct marginal label . avoid .
game was not much fun . deleted it .
poor performer !
boots are lovely but too tall for my lower leg . hit too far above knee and were big at top
found it hard to use and instructions difficult to access . definitely will put on hiatus and try another system for sure .
it's just wasn't ok but i'm glad that i've got my money bac
go to ebay buy one for dollars instead of dollars for the same quality don't buy rip off
unnecessarily round the mill suspense . story could have been wrapped up much earlier and would have been much more enjoyable
table was sent out with cracks in the wood . table was missing screws that should have been installed by manufacturer .
this stuff does not work . a joke at least . i would not recommend it . it did not remove any moles !
this is a waste of time unless you need to see a low level of porn , awful , awful , awful , awful .
this was a very poor hair dryer that broke just after weeks of use .
decent , but not what i expected . was not very durable and the design was not very smart in my opinion .
fell apart in a week very poor quality i guess you get what you pay for do not buy them
i did not like the fit . i thought is would fit more like a real wig . disappointed with fit
i wouldn't download to kindle . yet , maybe works on ther other devices but didn't work with mine at all
this app was kind of annoying and distracting . plus i didn't like it as well as others i had found .
this game sucks . soooooo muchbut . it is a limited edition game and everything was included in the case . everything
stars . i didn't like this book . i didn't even read the last few pages . it just wasn't for me .
thought this game was dull and boring . in fact i believe i tried it a couple times then deleted it .
the earrings were far too small and not actual size as i had expected . not happy with them at all .
i downloaded this and haven't figured out how to use all the components . i cant find any instructions . i'll keep trying .
audio was impossible when phone was in case . junk ! junk , junk , junk , jumk , junk , junk junk junk junk junk junk
it started bending up in the front . it made it uncomfortable to keep near the ear . wouldn't buy again . eh .
this book was boring it needs werewolves and lesbians or something .
didn't keep me on the edge of my seat . to short couldn't keep interested enough to keep on reading it
i have the ipad and it doesn't work at all . i just wasted my money . i don't recommend it .
it was bad quality , with an open , used packet of the glue liquid . i dislike it . it is cheap price .
this product does not work . i used as indicated and still does not work . i will never buy it again .
este dispositivo no me funciona para nada tuve que comprar otro que tuviera optical in coaxial out
vulgar , pointless . a waste of time . no redeeming qualities at all . don't waste your money or your time . nuf said
the xfinity app would not load onto the kindle fire thereby diminshing the value of the product . that sums it up
keep punching the pig and his eyes get bigger and bigger and he shows his teeth . very anticlimactic . very boring .
it fell and the glass cracked the first time we used it . waste of money !
great idea , but it just spins around . too small to catch much dribbling . also , velcro is scratchy .
save your money . can't put it together without power tools . stay away from anything made by this compay . they suck .
i got my order crushed seed .
entertaining , but not much depth . needs better proofreading . many gramatical and spelling errors . made for a fun and quick read .
the bracelet was broke before i even finished the event i bought it for . i was very disappointed . so sad
the cover lost all elasticity and sits really loose now . i have bought a new cover . do not buy this .
stays too hot on low . unable to leave food in all day to slow cook , because it over cooks them .
useless , a total waste of money . the wasps laughed at it . did attract some flies however . so not totally useless .
first time i tried using it the combination messed up , would not recommend buying . i would buy a resettable combination
looks like fabric on the web page it is a crappy paper box that does not even go together nicely .
i never learned how to use this . getting it to work is very complicated . would definetly not suggest getting it .
difficult to use , and understand . appears to be a pathway for more purchases . lack of instructions a big problem . thank you
too small
i sent the seller notices and still never received my cd order . the cd itself is a good product .
as others have mentioned , the bristles are too soft to move dust and grinds effectively . they look nice , at least .
with wonderful reviews , thought i would be very happy with this toaster oven not so , a fire hazard ! buyer beware !
purchased by oprah's recommendation . the author is an athiest . i can not support his material .
if this pad had a nonskid backing , it would be perfect . however it doesn't and so we don't use it anymore .
this is a real pos . does not work for very long at all . range is very limited . a total waste !
i was hoping it would hold my folders but it is just to narrow so i will give it away
this book measures x . it's just too small to be comfortable read .
doesn't fit the phone that it was listed for . the phone slides around in the case and can't be used
always pictures are different from realityit was not what i expect ! , but i liked the style it is uniqe
dont buy it . get the blue lemur one instead cost a decent bit more but works times better . boom
not really like the actual booktoo small of lettersit was just to short it should have more words
does not dim even close to linearly . a problem when used in a circuit with halogens . also definite green tint .
did not meet my expectation . i expected a better item . it does not perform the way i desire . donald rolle
do not buy , i brought this charger and it broke within a couple weeks .
the lunch box was badly scratched and i am trying to find out how to return it for another one .
piece of garbage don't waste your money . it works when it wants to and then doesn't work all
the item doesn't work at all . even after changing the batteries . it's simply a plastic toy and waste of money .
should have listened to the other reviews difficult fit and the fabric was not as pictured but an adorable idea
this dvd has terrible picture . it is so dark at times you can't see what is happening . a let down .
this game is better on the ps it is a boring game hard and weird but do what you want .
i try to set up the unit is not workingi call yamaha times waiting over hoursno one can help
very obvious explanation of the program not helpful . feels like a random collection of facts and observations about evernote .
this game is a little fun at first but gets very boring after a while . i do not recommend it .
you get what you pay for . it won't be worn for long , more like a costume for a theme party .
ordered one , returned . both of them had dead pixels . returned for full refund and got something else .
this kinda was not that great why does everyone think john green is so great hes kinda ok i guess
disappointed with the product . very cheap . the shell itself isn't awful but the plastic piece around it doesn't fit right .
wow ! it doesn't work at all . i had to return this . doesn't work at all . don't buy it . please don't .
thinking i had eroniously purchased the wrong mp , i reordered and got the same thing . where's the studio quality version ?
when slicing it comes apart . i don't enjoy using this guide . there must be better ones out there .
i only watched about minutes of this one . i couldn't understand what the actors were saying most of time .
i like tongue twisters . this is a cool book or atheistic think it is . it won't let me read it .
watch broke in months the metal that holds the watch to the leather wristband fell off and got loss
doesnt get hot enough , my daughter is disapointed . i plan on returning itpossibly just defected . i would still consider a purschase
did not mount correctly on engine . the gear would not engage the flywheel . somehow needed to be mounted lower .
was too big for my phonee
i did not like them at all they were not inches there for i see this as a scam
this product arrived with no directions instructions for assembly supposedly easy . i couldn't figure out how to put the thing together .
i didnt have this on my phone for very long , as i was unable to see this outside .
did not like the way they felt in my shoes . attempted to adjust them but still not a good fit ,
it's great to read and study . love it on kindle fire and the extra bookmarks and things ate great . thanks a lot
it is disappointed me . it gets my son eczama worse . if i can , i wish to return it .
didn't enjoy this book other readers may like it but having studied nutrition , i found it hard to digest .
garbage . it literally burnt up the second i plugged it in . this is probably a fire risk . i'd skip it .
its a nice machine , but dosent do what i needed . i returned this item and was given a quick credit
expensive junk , i have bought two from bob crane and they are junk trash not worth a wall mart . radio .
this book gives absolutely no information that you don't already see when you look at the amazon website . totally worthless
i did not receive what is shown on the package in stead it came with a green tractor and disc
this was a lot harder and more complicated than her other dvds i have . although inspiring , def not for beginners .
broken out of . was broken out of , otherwise pretty good like a replacement . a not bad .
had to finally take it off my kindle because it kept freezing up or it the game wouldn't open up .
delivered in excellent condition
the only nice thing about this case is the color . it swiveled around too much . i just didn't like it .
it's okay , nothing to brag about . it doesn't do as well as i thought . i'm a little disappointed is all .
it is no different than teflon . worst pan for the price ! i would have given it zero stars if possible
ok but didn't like the smell .
i would not recommended to anyone worst movie i ever seen . the writer has a very sick and twisted mind .
one size smaller was still way too big .
this item is hard plastic not flexible at all not worth the money , do not purchase , i returned to sender
even with light and only occasional use , it died after a few months . feels kind of cheap and plasticky also .
this movie was disappointing and had a dumb ending .
really looked forward to playing this but no amount of double tapping makes a puzzle piece rotate . very very disappointed .
too small . not true to size . i would not buy this again or recommend it to any of my friends . nope
not very fun and it is kind of boring . it needs something different . it needs more animals and different clothes
this dress is not sized correctly and looks very cheaply made very unhappy with the quality of this dress purchase
i love nertz card came and the nerts on here is a very good one too , fun fast exciting game
it is very big to load it and it is not practices of managing . i am not reommended . lost money
i ordered two one did not work . the switch was bad . and yes i did use a new batter
it didn't work . hard to set alarm , and skipped on brand new cds . so disappointed .
marginal flashlight . interesting combination of tools . tossed it in my rv . not my go to light for everyday use .
just not for me . i probbly should have done more reading into it . i am sure others would enjoy it .
! was not aware it was only one pair , would'nt have been so bad if the quality was better . not impressed
not very sticky .
i expected a translation from latin . this is a rewrite of the poems , not nearly as good . ultimately , just vulgar .
doa , i didn't pursue getting a replacement , not worth the trouble for me . i'm just not going to get another .
this is not a very good material it is not soft its course . just remember ya get what ya pay for .
save your money the movie blows . you have white guys trying to rap the song is lame
didn't like them ! the top ones look really big fall ! wish i was able to get my money back !
very disapointing .
whenever i put it on automotive mode all streets disappear .
this does not work for the hd . be sure to get the right one when you order . i did not .
i follow the instructions on how to install it and not even months later it starts to peel off
after weeks of use , it started sparking and melting . i would not recommend this product to anyone at all .
loved the boots . wear them all the time
nothing more than a few cheap laughs . not worth the price of admission and definitely not worth the dvd bluray price .
very short . really short . very very very very very very very very very very short . but it was short . very .
i bought this for a friend . he said it didn't work in italy . it didn't fit the plug . who knows ?
not happy about being unable to get this when it was supposedly sent . can i get it at a later date ?
i paid for pck colombian coffe , they sent just . i complainted and never answerback . dont buy senseo from this people
hate it
typical porn , not much of a story . flipped through waiting for it to get better and it never did . big flop
on screen game won't do matches correctly so can't complete the game ever . not happy with the game . ok
didn't realize that this well known series was all about murder , sex and betrayal . just too much angst for me .
i always loved the real game of uno , but this is just not it . don't waste your money on this .
wore it once , washed it once , stitching to secure one strap completely stripped . i will return , not exchange , this product .
although the sticker is very cool , it didn't actually stick . it fell down after one day and can't be reused .
i bought one works and the other does not . will not buy again . it sucks . buy another brand or style
i didn't like this book because this book was for years olds . and p . s this book is tacky .
doesn't work at all ! total waste of money ! doesn't sync with any of my bluetooth devices . speaker , car , stereo etc
did not last more than ! time as compared to the emoji ones .
parts fell off even before use . not worth returning . should've bought the set i saw at costco at the time .
not quite the quality i expected . purchased another brand and better quality for a couple of dollars more .
now they look like they did before . don't waste the money . buy the one with the sandpaper . it works better .
terrible movie . it's completely degrading to art students , on top of the fact that it's perverted and terribly resolved .
correct image and right size but no dark fabric on sleeves and neck as shown , makes a difference for sure .
didn't fit my gmc hd had to pay for return shipping .
bought two . one is salvageable but keys stick . the other , entire left side does not function . sending back , was very disappointed .
what a waste . two weeks old and in pieces . waste of money and time . i can not recommend at all .
cheap case , broke putting it on my phone , seams don't line up ! save your money and buy a better case !
imagined beads larger also expect it a little wider on the wrist . other then that the quality is very nice .
the trays are flimsy and doesn't release the ice well . they also are very tricky to stack without spilling water .
terrible product , please don't buy . false advertising . what you get is not what picture shows . very disappointed with this product .
it's unlike expected . it's not suitable for men so i don't like this . too tighten my foots . sorryand thanks
it did not work . returned . return postage . to china .
split apart on first use .
these do not work . save your money . this product is over priced as well .
pants and threadbare and cheap . all of them split at seams
they are too big , slide off mattress . are not egyptian quality ! waste of money . you get what you pay for .
did not make a lot of sense , some funny lines but not enough to story line
wasn't what i expected , i thought it would be more like the board games themselves , but was far from it
the movie sylvia was a case of excellent actors doing the best possible with a not excellently paced script .
although the yellow and blue cartridges worked , of the black cartridges i purchased were completely dried up .
the case i received was blue not pink . my daughter was not happy . it would've taken longer to reorder . thanks
everything was wrong only thing i could use was the tripod and wipes oh and the case fit my camera !
stupidest game thing ever why would they even think of making such a thing oh my god its totally stupid
desde vzla edo aragua los tlf sin fallas una semana de uso ya tienen y aparentemente todo marcha bien
this has little nubs that keep glasses and dishes from standing upright . poor design . will use it for something else .
very cheap was a waste of money and time but u got to take the good wit the bad booo
left way through before the melodrama got heavier . trivial subject and story , stock characters , well enough executed for that . .
couldn't wear it , was too small for my breast and backside and material was cheap . waste of time and money .
this story was terrible . short sentences and sounded elementary .
i ordered this item from this company . they cancelled my order and immediately relisted item at a higher price ! shady !
this was flimsy and cheap . don't buy it .
why would i buy the cd product without knowing what songs are on the thing ? da !
it is basic and works . could be of better quality . it works okay . you get what you pay for . okay .
words are too small
inadequate to say the least , a terrible book . no pictures , not worth the price . deceptive , don't bother .
i wish you would all read the new testament before you go beating your children .
color wasn't at all what it displayed i will never use it it was smaller than i thought it was
even a small was too big
poor grammar , vague info i want my money back . why would amazon even offer this title ? bad bad bad bad
no pictures makes it hard to follow the guide . i found better resources for free . just a hard to follow
don't let him get yours . keep your money . this was awful !
i thought this was the riri woo rihanna red . i'm not satisfied at all with ruby woo not one bit !
few invigoratingly transcendent sections do not amend a general slothfulness this new age with sci fi puts out .
book was made on cheap material .
this was a ground breaking book at the time but it does not hold up to the test of time
missing the screen protector and the cleaning cloth as show the description of iacute tems ntilde the web page of amazon
stupidest book i have ever read . for real . complete waste of money . could see what was coming from a mile away .
the product says its a plush pet bed . it's really a soft rug that had very little purpose . very disappointed .
it's not exactly what it looks like in pictures , play is good not bad but i was more expected than this
it's a bit fun but have trouble requesting friends to join which is a must to advance .
bad script , acting , filming . the worst movie i have seen in a long time could not watch the whole thing .
it doesn't work like the directions states . i have moved it to different areas and it still stays the same .
chain broke within week of purchasewould not recommend for daily wearpicture does not accurately reflect the chain quality
hurts your armpits really bad .
does not look like what you see . it looks like something from the dollar store . not worth all that money !
mine fell off a clean wall and folded over itself on the floor . game over . garbage can . it can't be separated .
won't control sony tv . suspect ir part does not work properly . i will spend more time checking these out .
this bag reeks of plastic fumes , so much so that i found it unusable . not recommended , even for the price .
everything happened too quickly . i want to be guessing and wondering where it's all going . not my kind of story .
the material are poor quality . its just an other chinese product . broke the next day no happy whit this .
too difficult to follow piece meal it was a joke to flip thru to try to piece the word phrases together
bought of them neither lasted months . don't waste money . ez electronix only gives day warranty . no wonder !
i love xyletol in mints and game , but putting them in coffee doesn't taste so good ! has a bad aftertaste .
purchased this product in jan used exactly four times silicone burned down to bare wires this afternoonvery poor quality
didn't finish it
yes this book does really suckk do not get it
the headphones didnit work at all , they made a frying sound the whole time and the music reception was horrible !
very old not of my speed thanks blurry at times scenery was double vision not a sharp movie to watch .
the sound is pretty ordinary , it breaks on high volume returned the item
depressing
the first book ended with a cliffhanger so naturally i bought the next books . what a waste of time .
this is the music played at my younger brother's funeral . it is very meaningful for me to listen to .
it was not too good , the ink runs out really fast and i could not print much documents with it .
i was so disappointed that this was plastic . the description did not state the material . it did arrive quickly however .
i would have like to been told that this requires the cd in order to play !
the quality of this shirt is very bad . the printing of the word is almost all off when it arrived
while it lasted it served its purpose . all of a sudden the lining fell off .
this is not a hyperdunk it is a scam i have seen those shoes at marshalls those ar hyper venoms !
this show makes me want to self harm , then photograph the act , frame it and hang it in a gallery .
bad product . i do not recommend , didn't work as intended an it leaked and later broked . do not buy this
while this cable works i really have to turn the volume up when i use it on my car stereo .
bought it because i grew up with this product . sorry to see it discontinued . only negative is the high price .
got the item for my wife . the design and the packaging were okay but the product is very very small .
did not review recipes , instructions in english ! was on chinese of all things ! don't know how to work it ! rats !
i'm sorry to say that this did not hold a charge , so i eventually just had to replace my laptop .
bad purchase . they tangle in my hair something terrible . costs too much to send back . buying the magnetic ones instead .
excellent graphics combined with a compelling story with humanized characters ! loved it !
it was pretty but the bracelet kept breaking . my sister loved it but is disappointed when it keeps breaking sigh
it is the worst book i have ever read . i am not expected to read any more riley weber books .
too big . looks like a laptop bag
it did not have the proper parts to assemble the launcher .
one of the best cover shots of all time responsible for the two star rating . unfortunately that's about it .
i was going to use the product for ipsc matches . but frame was broken on the third day of competition .
this hose ruptured after second use . cannot get any response from shipper , dealer , nor manufacturer . not recommended .
horrible interface . ultimately not user friendly and unresponsive . one of the worst match three games i have tried to play .
the battery lasted less than one week , and would not hold a charge . this purchase was a waste of money .
this bood was so bad i could not finish it which is very unusual for me . i can't recommend it .
horrible and never write a book like this . a gain too short of a book don't write a book ever
this thing will scratch the surface of your ipod . it scratched mine beware !
absolute junk . cable does not work in my car or plugged into my computer . what a waste of money .
its not pcs of glitter acrylici thought it was gona be alotbut its more empty than full
good rwriter like to read his newest book in englsh
came quickly , but the item had scratches and smudges . a little disappointed but usable . i'll just keep for me
this is not even james roots mask ? its joey jordisons . any slipknot fan should know that . dont buy this product .
long and boring
started rattling after about months , and then eventually stopped working entirely . when it did work , however , it was very quiet !
this cd is one song over and over . it is horrible i can't even give it away .
very crumbly . what a mess ! we eat larabars on a regular basis and this combo crumbled out of the package .
well i ordered a us small i received a medium idk why or how but it isn't what i expected . disappointed
she's nothing short of being a con ! it's sad to read other reviews stating how great she is !
cheap cheap cheap nothing like invicta quality ! a womans watch more like it !
all markers were dried up , absolutely useless . money wasted .
when i bought this thing i did't chose this style . i am very boringyou didn t seend the thing that i bought
this comforter does not even fit an average sized crib , very misleading
do not let your children see this movie . not a good movie . wished i did not see this bad movie .
crashes my optimus v when i try to install it , needless to say i can not comment on the gameplay .
very low quality , sandpaper peeled off after first use , had to through it outstay away from the product .
hate this app . doesn't work any better than the free app
expensive and not a complete enzyme product
works pretty well and all but does not look like the picture . and it's not very wooly , more like spandex .
it is too long and have to much vibration the phone is dificult to read when is in the mount
my dock station broke into several pieces after two weeks of use . it would be best to purchase another brand
apparently not compatible with my kindle fire hd because i can't open the download . so can't really rate the game .
the worst product ever . do not buy it . it's useless . it can neither take the photo or record the video .
terrible . don't bother ! you will be sorry it is a waste of time for any one i can think of sorry
i deleted this book from my device . what a waste . so stupid . what a terrible way of describing mental breakdowns .
it's just an attack to all christian religion . i didn't like the tone , it doesn't feel lika a chopra book
cheap backing . no link to buttonhole of shirt . pin not sharp enough to penetrate tie easily . tac is virtually unusable .
ok , not as big as i thought it would be for the price i paid . could have been cheaper .
i could not get this app to work . everytime we tried to use it , it would crash . do not dl
be aware this is incorrectly listed as a leather edition . i had to return it .
disk is flawed , entire episode on each side is unwatchable . other disks appear to be fine .
picture qulity not goodit is not like what i thoughti think i can find better product have better quality
this yellow flea comb is very small and not great . i wouldn't recommend it to any people that i know .
constantly needs new ink . cartridge error is a constant banner . will never buy an epson again .
could not sit through the premier episode . thought it was slow and boring . wish it was more like twilight zone .
casing received is of inferior quality and cracks at the edge after few days . quite surprised by shipment costing .
decent visual effects , but the plot is exactly what you feared it would be .
on the picture and illustration both says that this is only a 'moisturizer' . somehow i got a sunscreen . what the hell ?
just didn't like the story .
sucked
this product was not good . none of the items worked for my laptop . the buttons are broken and break easily .
love colors , but don't stay connected . wish it would have worked . ordering another . we will see . trial and error . hard shell better .
doesn't work for me . saw this knew i had to try it but didn't live up to my expectations .
easily break sometimes if you pull clothes off hanger anything but very slowly , the bar will pull off . otherwise decent
they sent me a completely different thing than the picture , how can you send me some other tree ? really bad
i don't how this was but on my review list i didn't purchase it don't know athing about it .
not the best . worked only a couple times and then no more . still waiting on powergen customer service to respond .
not satisfied . bottom part does not fit well . and the keyboard is old type . i am not satisfied in fact .
did not cause any weight loss of any kind or loss of inches around the hips or waste . any scam .
this album could very easily put me to sleep . it's missing everything good about the first two albums . good night .
didn't help my child at all , i followed the directions and waited a month looking for any improvement or change .
latch broke on first use cheap plastic not very heavy duty would not recommend for some one on the go .
even though it said for to years old it was more geared toward and years old .
disgusting ! the yo mom's jokes were okay . you could have done better . i am ashamed . please try work hard .
this lasted months and then the part that plugs into the computer broke off .
too heavy for us to lift . haven't been to get it to the truck to use it . bought carrier instead .
i bought this product after reading good reviews , but i felt it didn't do much for my skis .
this is an unbelievably poor product . smells like dish soap . get dish soap for . , don't spend on this .
didn't work very well
this app will not work connect to facebook on my kindle fire . that is where i play with my friends online .
read like a news story . dull while hillary is not for sure .
wow this is one bitter crazy lady . maybe she needs to find a better group of people date .
this jack in the box came to me unworking , had to return , would not close . would not recommend .
lip plump effect wears off after minutes , very sticky , does stay shiny though . would not waste the money ever again
i competely hated this . they did not fit and they were sizes to small . i would not recommend this at all .
they send me a wrong batterywaste of money and time . they send me a wrong batterywaste of money and time .
a formulaic show designed to string you along with questions onto the next episode , instead of telling a complete story .
i love clean scents and was disappointed because the scent does not really last long . i will not be reordering .
picture shows table and chairs , description does not say chairs not included , very misleading . sent it back for false advertising .
too much f too much talking boring
it is very hard to figure out the countries with the flags . i wish this game didn't exist . its awful .
i'm not found of this application but other people might like it more find it useful then i did
i've had this for months and already it doesn't hold a charge . it only holds for about hrs .
did not work well . phone flashes not supported battery .
the mount does not hold zero . scope could adjust to impact point because the mount is so far off zero .
just another fad ! diet , unhealthy , at best !
hair not last long .
never received this book or did i ever receive a response after writting several times .
too narrow for my feet . comfy otherwise but i can't wear them . loved the colors and the style of then
was difficult and bulky to use . tried it a few times and decided the effort was not worth the trouble .
good for a beginner by i learned nothing new , same info every other book offers . i was hoping for more exercises
i wanted a scanner like some friends had at a party . this was only a tape played over and over .
pill splitter is off center , defective cannot recommend . fails to cut the pill into two . disappointed . hope to return it .
needle points to different direction , never stays on north and you cannot trust it . poor made . better avoid this product .
i'm very unhappy so far . this product doesn't work . the settings don't stay , it doesn't talk . i'm not thrilled .
absolutely awful ! does not fit the iphone ! sending back immediately !
poor acting ruined what could have been a decent story line ! and the special effects were circa , too bad .
sent me the coated kitchenaid hook instead of the aluminum twice finally just ended up refunding it . would not recommend
i gave both as gifts . cute but interfered with setting the lens . needed to sit on the side of lens .
it never worked . it would start but it would never fly . a big disappointment . i ended up throwing it away .
this was a terrible story . it could have been written by a year old . we just threw it away .
the case was all wrong for the galaxy ii . the openings were on the wrong side and did not fit
i felt the picture was very deceiving . the earrings are half the size as the picture and half the width .
not actually what i thought it would be . very poor quality . i would nolt recommen d this for purchase .
did not fit my samsung galaxy . lied ! dont waste money
wanted more . just covers the very basic principals . i want to know more than just how to cut a mitered joint .
it wroke after the first week . didn't work right is a cheap material don't bye it don't wasted your money
this shampoo did anything but give my hair shine . my hair was actually more dry after using it than before .
the handle broke with in five min . i open it i was very unhappy dont waste your money on this
book characters and scenes seemed to be forced rather than well plotted . no interest or sympathy generated for this reader .
it's just too different to the picture . consumer care never answers . the worst return policy for such a expensive furniture .
i know trail xtreame was very basic but it was so realystic and smooth ! this just isn't that good . sgsii
cheap ! cheap ! cheap ! i had this put in to my infiniti i and months later it blew out
on my samsung charge , force closes occur four out of five times . when it doeswork , it's quite a fun game !
only work for a week . do not buy this . a waste of money . again you get what you pay for .
didn't like it at all . the graphics was not appealing and it was not what i thought it would be .
i would send it back but the postage is too high think i will give it to someone i hate .
the blade broke off too easy
adequate for purpose . flimsy paper and tears easily . would not buy again . had a better product with a comprable price .
very fun but gets boring don't get it i liked it but don't waste your storage on your device bye .
it's a nice design but very hard to use takes time getting used to this item would not recommend . thanks
dont wast money on then make you eat more they do not work same as the diet patch ohindo slim
i dont normally like doin this but ive tried this in many different tape players and it does not work
no subtitles , audio is just ch dloby digital . kultur should have been done much better ! no complain about stage and musical
cant get it to download on to my laptop help someone if u can suggest for me what do to
i listened to dr . oz and i put it in some seltzer water and sweetner and it was absolutely awful .
one of the two backscratchers i ordered fell apart and had to be reparied by me .
why couldn't they just put theses stories all in one book ? book one and two could have been put together .
this ref . is a total lemon . you can have hot lemonaide if you buy it . no ice .
lovely to look at , but i would not recommend them . they are far too fragile the slightest tap , and they chip
not much to say , just don't buy it !
the tablet was outdated didn't worked correctly and it eventually broke down worst purchase ever was okay when it worked
this cable worked for four or fives uses , then it stopped working .
i sent it back , the pin that sets the time pulled out . cheap plastic band . look for a different watch .
not true to size and not as described on package , poor sizing and fabric tried two of these no luck .
could not get it to print to my canon printer very limited printer choices
this so called halo killer was sad in comparison . lame graphics , pathetic story , characters no one cared about . worst game ever .
they were comfortable , and i liked the length and fit , was disappointed that the zipper broke . would have purchased more
it was a little bit large and i gave it to my father and he liked it a lot
it is not a carry case put only a protective case . it should have been more clearly shown as this .
there is no reason to make an app that does not work on most lg phones . why the lg hate .
never get fully white and smile face , always gray . not like the pictures , bad chooice to pick up this cup .
terrible . its worth when you want it to play quality music , it just doesnt work . trash ! hate it !
it was dirty like someone drew on it want some of the paint was gone like they picked it off .
this was not very easy to use or have very good organizational tasks . i would not recommend using this tool .
fake case and expensive in comparison with the original one ! what is more difficult process to send it back . unsatisfied
i couldn't get through it . the worst movie i have ever seen .
ii have been trying to find somegood catnip for my furgirlsbut this catnip did nothing ! i will try something elsa !
maybe i've read too much on chakras but this seemed pretty lame to me . i was regretful i purchased it .
amazon cancelled this order before i received it . i still don't know why they did , but they did .
this product is not stay attached to your book very easily with the kindle
app was free , however to move to next level cost money
the description made this seem too good to be true , but it never fit properly in my old computer , sadly .
it was not that funny , and surprised he went through this movie . don't expect much and it wont be disappointing .
turned beard green . followed directions perfectly . disappointed .
this app looks like a kids app for styling hair . its a bunch of youtube viedos . rip off . dont get .
not working
mind numbing and tedious . have read all previous books by dan brown . this one should be avoided like a deadly virus .
it was okay but could do without the language .
have seen much better rpgs , this requires you to spend ur real money on all upgrades
the pad is ok but i get every day bluesceensakku is ok . software is wastei want to send it back
this slide didn't last a season . it split at the seam and can't repair it . my grandchildren are very upset .
or in case you missed the day before's new york times . opinion presented as reporting , reporting taken from other sources .
it's not moral to sell cds that infect computers .
too drawn out . takes too long to get into the story . couldn't get past the first pages .
terrible !
i received this and did not even want to try to put them on . dissapointed , they are just stickers . blahhhhh not good
mala calidad , se d ntilde aron los contactos como al mes de haberlo comprado
you can save your time and just check out his bio in the dictionary . i don't consider this a book .
this product stopped working after about days . go figure . just outside the return period . now it's a paper weight .
short and silly . might be good to download if you're looking for a minute mind less quickie to read .
the writing was very stilted , and there were too many characters having too many affairs . the plot was fairly interesting .
you need an engineering degree to get the handle around the neck of the jar . it is going back asap
not what i thought it was going to be . lack of description . its not the original artists on the album
but the liberal bias is ridiculous . why would you allow liberal bias to ruin a good opportunity to teach people ?
i love the color and its durable . i am mainly upset at the quality of the kindle i purchased . mad
too small for adult head .
costco just got these back in for . king size ! light purple blue and tan much better deal for the money
have purchased two products from this seller . both were defective .
the colors of these covers are nice and bold , then they ruin your phone ! beware
i never received this product . please find out why and let me know the status . thank you .
too small
pretty dumb and very easy . i wouldn't recommend it except to preschoolers . it isn't for adults , that is for sure .
why would u sell me a d movie that don't play in a d blu ray player or playstation
if you are looking for the original version with the voice synthesizer , this is not it ! i was very disappointed .
dark and morbid tale . ridiculous ending !
really bad product no quality no holes overall its a bad product and didnt fit in my car as expected
vg book . a young girl leaves home to become a school teacher and her story is very inspiring to read .
i thought these were regular skechers . however , they were the exerciser type . i should have returned them . but , i didn't
we dont know how to use it . cant see anything on kindle to explain or here . help needed with this .
you can get drivers for this for vista but they are frankly terrible everything comes out looking striped and grainy .
arrived dead , and the packaging had been opened .
i personally find this app very boring . guess you have to like gossip to enjoy it .
i ordered a lgip n battery , but i received a different model , much bigger ! it does not fit in my phone
twice i attempted to order this set . and both times i only received the bracelet . disappointed to say the least
just that , thin and weak , it will break easilyi recommend you try to find a lanyard with thicker material
great redd fox comedybut streaming quality badit is not worth dollars and centamazon should give me a refund
this is smelly . smelly like poo .
i think this doesn't work well on me my lash became very rough and not curved in a good way .
i read the book before watching the movie and this movie was completely disappointing . read the book
these do not easily open . the magnet underneath is not strong enough . it's very cheaply made . i don't recommend it .
another app which nags for facebook and is overpriced . requires additional purchases to receive more puzzles . quickest uninstall so far .
the book starts very well but than it gets knid of boring . couldn't even finish it .
these were too light to hold any large plant . we weighted the bottom with rocks , but they still tipped over .
can't do this after christmas its a giftwill do this after he gets the gift ! thank you all very much
they ran very small and i have a true foot . they were very nice , but ran small and i returned
this game sucks i cant do anything ! i cant really play . i reccommend this to people who like boring stuff .
the material was really cheap
poorly conceived , extremely unrealistic , and very poorly acted tale with no substance or direction . very overrated in my humble opinion .
i was duped by the category listing . its only a top but was in the dresses category . please fix this
love the mouthwash . hate the toothpaste .
fades really quickly and turns a bad pink color ! don't recommend it ! i would try to find a different brand
only get this if you have year old kids that break everything or want to waste money
different voices sound the same and are hardly understandable . there's no volume adjustment which would curtail the emitted loud sounds .
rope is so flimsy it swings in the slightest breeze , no bird will land on it . don't waste your money .
the frequency knob is just another gain knob , what's the point of that ? it does not change the frequency . mh
we were planning to take this as a hostess gift to a michigan michigan state party . what a bummer !
i bought this and it was cheap , bendy , and should be a prize in a bubble gum machine . don't purchase !
cute shoes but very impractical i have average sized feel but these are clearly for people with very small feet
the new update did not work . i installed today , no new levels . please fix and i will rate stars .
even tho the plot went a little bit beyond . a lot of the sos . there is promise wish to see it pls
crappp ! this case was effin junk broke the first day i put it on it omg ! that is so messed
on the first day there was a small buzzing noise that gradually got louder as i used it . .
the spine was separated from the pages . the paper was cheap and the art work fuzzy , but is still readable .
i couldn't get my blackberry in this case , no matter what i tried . shame too , because it really is pretty !
i bought this two chrstmases ago and cannot for the life of me figure out how to make it work .
i was not happy with vestvest ran small in sizealso vest was extremely heavy in weighti am returning vest
downloaded software , but nothing works . none of the buttons are clickable . anyone has any idea why it is not working ?
it's tiny .
not quite what i was hoping for , but pleased to have read it . i skimmed the last few chapters . thanks .
battery would not charge over the course of multiple tries using the various recommendations in the users manual supplied . most unfortunate .
the battery didn't last for months . do not buy ! t mobile mytouch g mytouch g oem htc standard battery bb h m
very negative book
ummmmmm . not a star of david . lol . this is a very pretty necklace , however the description is just very wrong .
not good
i was actually looking for the soundtrack of the movie fools rush in . where can i find that at ?
i never got this ! these did not come to my house ! i don't have anything good to say about it !
don't buy this if you think it's free . it's not worth it . it is the dumbest thing creators are stupid
it worked fine up until now . it won't even turn on . it just shut off . the return window ended on .
it does look really nice , but i could make another spread with all the lint that comes off this thing !
i can't determine how functional the board is because the markers that came with the product were none dry !
mainly trivial gossip , only worth reading by airline junkies
the protective film on the plate left a sticky residue and the white paint turned pink within the first week .
this cover cracked all on its own . it was not dropped . it was well taken care of all the time
it's a piece of crap . it broke within a few days of having it . the zipper lip just came undone
this didn't arrive as anticipated , it was missing a back so hard to piece together and we just tossed it .
slips right out of your hand . no rubber support on the sides .
very poor quality . very thin and not absorbent . would not recommend this product as a good buy to future customers .
says it is a free game but it is not . you have to buy power ups after the first level .
does not work at least as advertised . may not be even worth the one star .
just plain terrible . ! pieces were missing for the actual clock . ! contemplating ordering another just to make the st one work . !
nothing about this book was worth my time reading it , not even sure what the point of this book was .
these batteries were for our outdoor rechargeable lights . they did not seem to hold a charge for very long , though .
formulaic story line and the theme was unrealistic and goofy . i like dafoe , but this story did him an injustice .
this product charges batteries for over a day . i believe it sucks but ok for back up i guess . a
these were very thin but what i expected for the price . they almost look like they're made out of cheesecloth .
i did not care for it . not my cup of tea . i prefer a more believable story with better characters .
i never received the robin cook book , or the break up dvd .
very tough to handle the flavor don't love the product . will not order again .
the day after i received this item , some reports came out that this unit is vulnerable to hacking . boo hiss
i thought this will be ok , but like the other reviewer , i find this annoying . such a waste of money .
this book is not worth the cost . as a matter of fact i found this book free on the internet .
the smart cover is bad don't work correctly with the typing and video stand because the magnets are very weak
if you want to read conservative cliches without any deep thought this is your book . it's pathetic .
keeps saying full , done everything i know to do . first time to ever have one that doesn't work . very disappointed
i get hoodie , but not good the size , not good colour . i pay extra money , but not get in time . bad seller !
these do not work with iphone got of them none work will not charge iphone at all
cans were bent and cans were bent so badly that they had to be thrown away packing was not good .
two stars . nit realistic . hard to follow . not like the other books . really didn't like it . unfinished . not that exciting
the pages did not fit screen and could not read poor quality very disappointed i could not enjoy the book
warning , warning ! you are treading on glam territory !
confusing for me to read ! only read if you understand english from the s . made absolutely no sense at all .
there were several good scenes , but they didn't make up for the rest of the book . not worth reading .
what a pitty how can call this a quot singer quot ?
cheaply made , already broke . i should spent more next time and buy something better . i ve got what i paid for !
i can't believe i paid money for that . it was pure rubbish . seriously now . did anyone give this a good review ?
husband wore it on his belt for a few hours and the belt clip broke . cheap and junk .
it is not cotton ! tag inside says cotton polyester . this is misrepresenting the product . also the zipper is flimzy
this is music ? what have we here ? no idea .
this product is not cute and cuddly as pictured , or as expected . i am not happy with this product received .
i was able to wear them once . after washing , they shrunk shrank ? shrinked ? so much i threw them away .
this game was purchased and deleted . i did not like the game , it was boring and there was no challenge .
don't work as advertised . will not let helicopter lift off . tried different things but helicopter is still grounded . didn't work .
didnt' fit the truck i ordered for
this watch stopped working times in week . returned this item . pretty but couldnt get it to work . frustrating .
a recipe for a pb j , enough said . i downloaded a free version for my kindle , still not worth the price .
very poor sizing . size was more like size .
although very cute , of the five we ordered , two , including this one , had a zipper that broke almost right away .
it doesn't pick up things when you push forward ! it doesn't pick up things when you push forward ! don't work
awful ! no phone reception ! phone became hot ! glitter flaked off first day ! charged x ! cheap looking ! don't waste your money !
the metal handle broke off after months of use . this backpack can't even last a school year . very disappointed .
this game app whatever is awful . no wondrr it is for free . nfiaghrhlfdkx gdkf hyena . yo tm rib dj ctn gh
did not care for any of book . not interesting in any way . have nothing else to say about the book
amazon sent me a tv that did not even work out of the boxterrible service and there was no refund
this item never worked correctly . the battery life is very short . the instructions are not adequate . it never worked right .
ordered . todays date . . i still have yet to receive this product .
asked for a bear made in usa not china felt i was deceived should planely state not made in usa
not one of there best but the booth brothers were greatthe vocal band was just ok in this dvd
this app does not work on my kindle fire hd tablet . the app was recently removed from the app store .
do not waste your money . not fun at all . there is one , two at best songs worthwhile .
too much pop up advertising to be worth using . i have taken it off my kindle as a permanent solution .
practically no odor control
when you squeeze it the bulb falls off . there is absolutely no suction created . it went straight in the garbage .
i found this to be the worst pillow i have ever owned . it is hard and also gets very hot .
i was disappointed that this book was written for elementary school children . i was not aware of the reading level .
projection on the ceiling is so small you can barely see it , also won't focus and doesn't keep correct time .
returned item as it arrived dirty and looked used .
part of it was broken and had lot of scratches on it , seems like a used product . requested for replacement .
the picture does not match the product shippedthe filtos are without the supportincomplete productproduct purchased and sent to colombia
i was led astray by other reviews , someone compared this to the road . really ? it really just wasn't very good .
these run small . a large for me was too small , and i usually get a size large in this product .
i had a similar broom years ago it had a longer handle wider broom this one didn't push easy
small , it doesnt hold heat , cover is loose , and way way too expensive for how cheaply made it is .
i don't understand these chips cost less than a bag at the store . why is a pack nearly ? ! ?
it was a very annoying and boring book not worth my money or time ! wouldn't recommend it to any one
love tom hanks , liked the film . was edited all wrong a bit too long .
truly a timeless product as it does not work . ordered more and non of them came working . dead batteries ?
garbage , piece of crap no support what so ever . just pure garbage . microsoft just wants your money and nothing more
music ? is about music then whateverelse . this is painful on the ears and not music for the sane !
this phone case was way overpriced . i don't know why i was charged this much money for a phone case !
cord plug pulled apart after only a couple uses
i have not yet received this book although it was ordered on the th june . what has happened ?
expected this to be a simple , easy , high quality phone . disappointed to find that the speaker function does not work .
waste of money . waste of time . i was better off just making my own stuffed burgers .
i never reseved this product ? its been over a month and im conserned on why i havent got it
no padding in the chest is my only complaint .
it had a hole and leaked immediately after being filled . very disappointed , as our other mylar balloons lasted for weeks .
i ordered three flasks . one was broken . all in all i didn't like the quality and wouldn't order them again .
part not as show . ad shows a complete punch set . but , what was received is only the cutting bit .
no quality at all . the worst customer service .
bought two of these controllers and they don't work with any of the games i have . should have returned them .
not what i expected taste like regular coffee with just a hint of mocha . i expected a more mocha flavor .
not so good as expected
real temp outside , reading on thermoneter was , thats with brand new battery . battery life was also very low
i had to force myself to read every syllable of word on every page . it was awful . good message , but awful .
showed various ways to think out of the box and use creativity for various projects .
i lost interest very quickly and sent this app to the cloud . it is just too simplistic . i was disappointed .
the infuser is too large to fit into most coffee cups , but it seems well made .
youtube has made me watch the ad for this for two days strait i will never watch this ever ! ever
terrible from start to finish . i demand those hours of my life back . could not envisage it being this woeful .
what was i thinking . i must've been drunk when i picked this up . only explanation .
basically made it so that you cant see screen at all from any angle . including right in front of it !
comcast needs to be an option !
the cable on this lock is so weak it could easily be cut with wire cutters or maybe even scissors .
screen was cracked right out of box ! to bad looked like a great proctor . pry would have been star .
very cheap quality , one of the cup broke while putting on , will not recommend to any one , not worth it .
not all functions work can only play the radio . no tapes or cd's work . cd is stuck inside will not realease
bad photo image . don't waste your money .
this if the rd phone that has gone out of range .
not a solid vacuumparts fell when you vacuumshould not buy this if we would know beforeit's also very noise .
it is hard to control the ball and the other paddle always does random crazy unfair swings ! horrid !
look very cheap , quality not worth for the price , also too short for my front door . it should only for .
this is a great frame , but it was chipped on the edge forcing me to paint the frame .
so bad that u shouldn't even consider downloading this awful whatever you call it . shark consistently has a spaz attacks .
if i had to chose again i wouldn't but this . i actually fell asleep on this . bruce willis could be better
broke in hours really waste of time and money please save cash buy a mag pull case . trust me .
the batteries were close to dead on arrival and the alarms kept going off aoutomatically in the most inconvenient way .
bracelet wasn't translucent , doesn't look like picture or item description , don't waste your time gambling on what you might get
rubbish , it can translate only all languages to spanish only , you can't translate french to english , rubbish ever seen .
this game gets old quick in multiplayer and the single player missuons seem all the same .
it wasn't what i thought wish could try candy crush saga on kindle but its unavailable right now . that all
this product was unacceptable . it is deceptively described as glass but it is only plastic . having problem getting past word count
again not happy with the application at this time . it is not as easy to brush on and avoid lumps
the batteries don't last long and they barely light a corner much less a room
this shoes keeps scraping at the back of my heel and they have very little arch support for my feet .
did not do anything special for my kp otherwise a nice soap but overpriced for what it doesn't do
my mother always told me if you can't say anything nice don't say anything at all . sigh hands really ?
it does not work . when you plug in it says it is not made for i pad . don't waste your money .
the stories themselves were ok . though very burdened with words . too many and too complex for such a simple story .
too small for my grand babies . not the size i needed . this should post for only for year and younger .
the product came broken . the material was cheap and fragile . i will bevtrying to replace it as soon as possible
got this and it worked great . i loved it but it broke with in two days . i was very disappointed .
couldn't use , didn't fit the phone
the color is kind of dumb and the material seems no protection at all . but consider of price , it's ok .
the color is cute . but that's about it ! keyboard does not work ! i should have just bought a regular case .
the vacuum bags came extremely quick but when i put them in the vacuum , the bag ripped and became useless .
the product itself is very nice but the scent was not something i could tolerate .
a few people speaking about the rise of a few stars , and they are all filmed at an annoying angle .
lost of functionality from earlier versions is too much . i went back to the version .
item was not what was shown . it was a mah battery and not a mah battery as shown on website .
my error thought the clock was wood . kind of tinny . sent it back . was not what i expected .
it doesn't cancel any noise what so ever
it worked the first time i used it but never since . always gives error reading no matter what i do .
this game doesn't work at all .
sheets are thin even after st washing . all the fuzz ended up in the dryer . a big disappointment .
thermometer is not accuratealtimiter is not accurateoverall , i was very disappointed , especially given the price of this watch
very small and thin , they don't look or feel real . not worth the money paid for these crappy slices . beware
wrong size didn't fit need the other one my daughter was suppose to return it and get the right one
this book was not really helpful as data was old . a a a a a a a a a a
got it today . already cracked . clearly not for tricks .
i guess this is what you get for paying , lol . it looks cheap and doesn't fit properly . oh well , lesson learned .
i have not received my order of shotgun news as of yet ? cannot rate since i haven't received it yet
broke within a month . will never buy again
all games start to high . the result is all you would do is keep paying for more money to plah .
don't be fooled like i was . this is the worst kind of counterfeit possible very bad quality and doesn't work
did not work on my new kindle . tried the trouble shoot advise . still didn't work . so will not use , will try another some time
used high quality cables . item did not work . waste of money ! do not recommend this item . poor quality
did not like the music at all . hit wrong one . i don't like mozart . to hard to play . it sucks bad
the clasp does not work and therefore the watch falls off all the time
the quality of the pictures and movies is awful . the camera breaks easily if dropped . not worth buying .
cannot get the bubbles out from underneath the plastic . do not like them at all . waste of money . very dissappointed
it would be good if they made one size fit all but they don't to big that's the only knock
did not work well cut the sound way down the oping is much smaller than most earbuds .
this book is absolutely awful . the only thing worst than this book is jerry sandusky himself . he should be ashamed .
strange plot . didn't really have a point and the characters were in a word bizarre . not my cup of tea .
fedfwreff fefew fw eef wefewrfwefefeef efwefqwef w fwefewffe fewfw efew f ef wefwef wef f wefwefwefqw w w f f
just love it . i'm enjoying it very much . great deal !
fell apart and stopped working after a month . wire separated from charging adaptor . good price for a backup but beware .
just not really a good idea . i feel like it glorifies drinking . im just not into that . interesting idea though .
clearly not written by the famous stephen king . logically inconsistent from page one , at which point the hoax was obvious .
the zipper on the big section of the backpack broke within one week of use .
pure garbage don't aste your money , effort , etc . on this junk . it does not even fit . what's the use ?
i returned them . they were baggy across the front . i didn't want to spend that much on something that unflattering .
this thing might probably good but . they send me the wrong item . too much hassle to return it
this is uneven , polarized and slanted for some outlook i can't even understand . it is not even well organized propaganda .
i still have yet to see any growth
did not function as stated . does not run very long at all before a charge is needed . sits on the shelf nicely .
look fake i don't recommend it
the dvd's did not play well , i could see they were warped by heat patterns in the disc . oh well .
bought the pink one and is so thin can see white bra beneath . not worth the money .
right out of the box the rack did no rotate more than about three inches in either direction . do not buy !
worst movie ever if you watch the trailer you've seen everything that happens in the movie
much larger than i expected . although it was overall cute and a good price . just not for a little girl .
not for grown women , juvenile story line , probably better for college age or younger readers , very , very predictable story line
i couldn't take them because they gave me a very bad head ache . i guess i should have sent them back .
this tower is cheap and not worth the price . it leans to the side with and without cupcakes on it .
poorly crafted speaker system with low grade materials . sounds good but then the system inevitably goes bad and stops working .
this product has no description . i have no idea what i would be buying .
it does not have a limiting valve to control one way flow .
they didn't work very long . they stopped working after about a month . wouldn't buy this brand again . thank you
it is what it claims to be , but for personal use i found the rest cushioning to be too firm .
the battery was terrible . bsttery life of about hours after charging all day and barely even fit in myphone
crap . does not work . save your money and buy another light set or better yet , a string of led lights .
set this remote according to directions , now i can turn the tv on and off , nothing else . doesnt work .
fan fell off right out of box . pos ! don't waste your money . wish i would off done more research first
this item was sold as a hardcover book . instead it has extremely flimsy paper covers .
the color is a sad , drab gray and the fit is gigantic with tons of extra fabric in the waist .
okay where do i start this is the greastest alt rock alblum ever enough said
have not been able to download it . i wish i could . i was upset that it wouldn't go through . frustrated
doesn't stay in position , kinda cheapy !
did absolutely nothing ! not even worth star but couldn't leave comment if i didn't rate atleast . disappointed
it blocks the auxiliary port . aaaaaand it's flimsy , not put together well at all and fell apart in my hands .
can't even use this case , it smells so bad . would not recommend it at all . plan on sending it back .
it get scratches very easily on the back . being the exterior of merely plastics , it get scratches without much effort .
poor construction , cheap plastic , inaccurate controls . not what i expected even for such a low price , i wasted my money .
this is an appalling piece of writing and editing
it worked the first time on kindle fire , but crashed continually after that . had to remove it from the device .
theese shoes ripped where the sole meets fabric by the second month , wont be buying again .
i didn't realize that i can not play an hd dvd on my dvd player . i am extremely disappointed .
this is just personal . not great with this subject , so this is just not for me . more words required .
the screen is , but i expected more height . i liked my old better .
absolutely terrible . complete waste of money everything is cardboard and doesn't fit together well or move easily . complete rip off .
i only got the fluid , which is no good without the brush . a few more words lorem ipsum dolor sit .
the little mouse is the perfect size for my tablet . unfortunately it stopped working after only a week . very disappointed .
don't funk with joe his music sucks and everybody that funks with him rnds up in the loser's seat .
very basic , pockets not well designed . there are much better bags you can buy for the money . quality is average
i dont really like it , difficult to fasten , not what i thought it would be ! dissapointed in this particular one .
this is something for a little girl but definitely not for women though , please be careful when you purchase it .
they brag on the label that there is no terrible bad wheat inside , but it contains much worse gmo soy !
poor poor item . this item does not project brightly or larger than inches . very hard to see . very disappointed .
these are great looking sandals , but not for long walks . they are so uncomfortable , they hurt my feet big time !
took bottles of this product . did nothing ! . took as directed for months and had no fat burning results as advertised .
snoringly informative . you need decimal ratings for things that don't deserve more than one hundredth of a star .
purchased this for a wedding i was standing in . the cups folded over once the bra was on and hooked !
wow . this was gross . who sleeps with creatures in the woods ? the author has some serious issues to work through
wish it didn't have the velcro on the back . not a good idea . very itchy . so now it just sits on my dresser .
i bought two . the color fade very fast and material is a kind rough on surface . inch in width .
the helmet is a lot more bulky than i expected . it looks huge on my head . it is fine otherwise .
run on sentences constantly . one sentence paragraph long . overly descriptive which outweighs activitiesterrible ending without revealing story status or conclusion
i bought pecis and they're good . but writing lines are not clear enugh however u put it . any positions
i just bought this for my year old at a babysrus or toysrus for . ! this is way overpriced !
if you are thinking this will open . tif files on kindle hd fire you will be disappointed . it will not .
these where not for me at all we could not get this thing to work . yes we changed the battery
this is not one of luismi's best . some songs are good . overall , his music is still way better than sicky martin !
too much unnecessary profanity . i could not allow my children , who love the justice league , to enjoy it with me .
so after one wash the shirt is now a medium small and that was following the care instructions . not sure what happened .
poor quality , wasn't was i was expected . i got exactly what i paid for . i would not recommend this boot .
very small , no clip .
nice but only if it were to stick n stay im unsure how to get it to stick . help
this app looks fun but every time i try to play , it closes before it even loads . it's very anticlimactic
it doesn't have anything that is fun on it . i tried everything and it is boring . good thkng it's free .
not a good book . we thought it was funny but it really is not ! do not recommend to anyone
it is an imitation gmail app . functional , and in my opinion extremely primative . not recommended even though it is free .
i had to tape between the connector and the bag the first time i used it to stop the leak !
i have not used this app . i find it very difficult to use . i deleted the app . not user friendly .
only used a single pouch unfortunately they have that horrible stench of industrial perfume . really stinks . wont use again .
stud started to fall off and i barly used it
very basic but gets the job done nothin special about these the best color is black the others r wack
not what was expected
broke the day it arrived , it appears one of the prongs was never actually attached to the device at all .
this does not remove spider veins like it said .
it's was an inexpensive book you get what you pay for . no information . very vague . i don't recommend it .
it worked will while it lasted . three it died after one month . i have a macbook air and jvc tv .
i got what i ordered and fpound it to be what i wanted . thank you .
lacking . not sure how this can help real teachers . not much substance to help teachers at all . disappointed with this purchase .
installed december . failed march . my previous oem replacements , although much more expensive , lasted over years on average .
the remote didn't work at all the light was good tho but remote was made of cheap plastic no good !
this looks much nicer in the picture then when i got it . i won't be putting this on my tree .
this book is so important . folks we need to stop monsanto . read this book if you don't know why yet .
i have not received this product yet , and i purchased it in early december . i am beginning to get worried .
check coverage before you buy . i got only one channel and that too blurry .
there is more detail in the picture shown than on the actual cufflinks . you can barely make out the engravings .
didn't work with my daughter's ipod touch .
i downloaded it on my . hd kindle and it would not run i tried several times with no success
it was a long boring book . i would not buy it again . i gave it to the local library .
it was just telling you what happened but not in a story way more like a play not the best
don't do it not a fun sex game at all there are alot more games that are kink and fun
not what i expected . only three songs were on the cd .
cheap production values , average filming , average actors . i bought it , i will sell it , really do not bother .
it works on my droid bionic , but it will not run on my motorola xoom tablet . force closes every time .
smell is offensive . i have been too busy ill to return it
size inaccurate ! much too small . cannot wear them , because they were much too tight . also bought thorlos which fit perfectly .
i thought it would be larger . size is impractical . size must be more prominent for future purchasers to be clear
this toy has amazing reviews , but honestly , it's just kind of lackluster . my little one could care less about it .
can you say cheap ! . this is very cheaply made and does not lie down flat .
these glasses are huge and heavy ! i would prefer a little smaller and lighter . it looks like the glass is thick .
nice bottle , but i was dissapointed when the pump didnt work . otherwise , i would had given this product stars !
livro com baixa qualidade de impressao , sem fotos ou desenhos de qualidade , muito abaixo do esperado , nao recomendo
could not get it to sit on our dog properly cannot use it really disappointed in this product
i like it but definitely don't love it . i only worn it once . wouldn't purchase again .
it was a used one i do not know hwy and sounds weird guys do not buy it .
i bought this charger for my droid incredible for some strange reason it freezes the phone up
on kindle fire ! this sucks and stuff cause it looked like it might actually be fun to play and stuff .
the battery would not charge all the way up . what use is a phone if you can't charge the battery .
this book killing me . writer talked so much but nothing useful . i would not recommend this book . its a waste .
it only works for few cycles . do not waste your money .
not to informative if you are collector but ok for quick reference . blak white photos drawings .
worked for a week then stopped charging my phone
give me a real pencil sketch . it's not , it's a black and white washed out picture of a photograph . it's not good .
after using this product a total of perhaps a dozen times , it will not longer recharge .
this product smells mix in the package but when you put them in the warmer there is no fragrance ! disappointed
after awhile this starts to smell like its going to start a fire in the car . would not recommend it !
the on and off switch was broken . loose so it wont click on
i bought the set of mini jars and both broke within first time of using . complete waste of money !
took forever to get . better off using amazon directly and paying extra next time .
soooooooooo crappy
i can't believe jodi picoult wrote this book it must have been published on her name only . it's horrible .
can't find any power switch . my ipad is not coming yet . i don't know the keyboard works or not . weird product
small one breaks and the damn box is cheap so the small ones gets lost or breaks anyways cheap crap
it broke while changing the heads tried to repair it the parts reatached but the changable is stuck on it
can anyone tell me how to open this toy so i can wash it ? i can't get it open .
very difficult to tell time . very little lime green coloronly buy if you like the style otherwise choose another watch
the bed came with scratch
this is not vs amber romance ! scam ! don't waste your money . bottles look like the real thing but it's not .
amazingly dangerous tendency at amazon to delete books that people own from their kindle . scary , scary big brother society .
was excited about this product but speakers sound old . it is not loud at all . usb part bent easily . disappointed !
this product did not work with my ipad . don't buy it . good price but it is junk and doesn't work .
each time i used this charger it blew out my computer . there seems to be something very wrong with this device
crashes my lg optimums s lg too bad , looks like fun , but just kills the poor little thing
nothing like the picture although they do the job i was not to happy with them not durable or comfy .
amateurish , badly acted , and corny , couldn't even finish watching it and had to stop half way through .
this brand is difficult to find in the retail stores so i am happy it is available to purchase online
it's not even a real boxlogo
not good material at all . it's irritating to wear . the snoring solutions strap is way better than this gauze wrap !
pages of statistics is not worth . i returned both books i ordered .
didnt end up buying . didnt think that it covered the things that it should have , so i didnt get it .
you get what you pay for here . terrible wig right out of the bag ! no flip to the style either .
dont buy this product , the screw was stripped on the feedneck and it was a waste of money and time .
ok product
don't buy , never came . this is a rip offmaybe it's a few dollars but you get ripped off .
this is a very boring movie . the plot just plods along . too bad julianne moore got caught in this mess .
far from the best for these actors . based on a true story . like a documentory than a movie . was disappointed .
factory direct charge for shipping and handling on this light weight package was . !
i had been using formula , which is half of the garlic strength . i returned this am switching back .
pretty formulaic . could not relate to anyone and thought russian angle defied credulity . won't be recommending to anyone at all .
it is okay i guess how ut has a beating heart but thats it . its not woth paying though
i wasn't a fan . very long and very wordy . i enjoyed the final chapter the most .
it really was not what i expected it to be . i would not recomend this book to not one at al
a little too progressive for my taste , i have seen them in concert many times but not christmas music
not a single picture in this book ! why ? with such a rich subject matter , there should be many many pictures .
they advertise this for the dv , but it does not fit ! do not buy if you have an hp dv !
i didn't find it funny or pretty or entertaining . short and quick story . really horrible actually .
not working in microsoft vista bit home edition packing content in installation guide is not the same as received
didn't read close enough , this is not by garth
cheap cheap cheap . very thin would never buy again . men's powder blue dress shirt w convertible cuffs sz . can't recommend !
boring
sory i don't like it . it is tooo large
this case is very flimsy , it does not stay on the phone good and doesn't really offer much protection
not as funny as other adam sandler movies and most of the jokes were mediocre and the plot was predictable .
the first day i wore them the flap ripped totally off very cheap wouldnt get again
it is already half empty after printing about pages . buy at your own risk . printer lexmark prospect pro
not for construction that's for shure what i meant protect from the dust . probably good for something else . a
rhinestones just fell off and the plastic case would just fall apart pieces so i just threw it out .
really bad quality of copy . not satisfied with final product . empty pages at the end of the copy . thanks
didn't last too long but then again none of my chargers usually do
because of the other words from every page . liking the words from the title . parents told me to not only
hearing how strong this fire hose toy should be , i purchased it . disappointed , it is totally shredded within hours .
just bought brand new teacher's edition for with shipping on ebay for a rental is way too high
great banner and great service !
it's for xcode , but not the latest version . screen shots need to be updated , along with the supporting text . walt
gerard butler is a superb and talented actor . however , no one could have saved this movie .
one of the stones fell out after only having ring days and hasn't been worn but twice
specified in the website when it is a child and junior or this is a childbut this very nice
this player is fine for d dvd's but will not play d . did not discover until return date had expired .
just could not get into this at all and tried it more than once hoping it was just me . disappointed
only of the batteries worked big disappointment ! i would not purchase these again or recommend them to anyone .
item did not turn on .
the ceramic coating on the outside of the mug cracked after it was filled will coffee upon the first use .
doa expected better from motorola considering the phone has lasted me over two years . will just continue using stock battery .
when i charge my phone it freezes , nd i have to be deaconnecting it everytime i have to use it .
i was trying to buy these for an adult . maybe a bad idea , but anyway , they are too small . fooey .
the snaps on the back cover have already broke off and want stay on . it did't last long . thank you
fun game but to short finished in about an a little over an hour . the price should be less then '
a ph . d thesis so , peer reviewed for accuracy but not for literacy . the illustrations are useful but mostly muddy b w .
a real disappointment . the terrorists are x men and the law enforcement are ridiculously inept . i stopped reading halfway through .
was not the game i was looking for it was not what i expected was looking for the arcade version
i think i missed some pages or the book has more to offer , and i can not figure it out .
it was not bad although i needed to speak loud , but it broke very fast so i rate it .
you can not get any hand gel out of the bottle . the pump does nit swork
not very good for writing at all , a cheap product that its cheap ! just good foe holding your ipad
this item is totally misleading . the paw print is a one time use sticker , not part of the actual bolt .
really did not work my wife was not happy .
this was not a good movie . it was really lacking something . so much that i couldn't even finish watching it .
you have to press hard for the script to be read , i wouldn't recogmend this for anyone who writes often .
not a good product . it starting leaking right away and almost ruined the table i had it sitting on .
this would have been nicer had it been smaller and more fitted but as it is , it is going back .
it ran out off color after week . not worth the money even being how cheap it isdon't buy it .
sharp enough . they rust if washed in dish washer . i am pissed they are such cheap steel . they suckdo not buypeace out
case was very cheap . broke first time it was taken off the ipod . wouldn't order another on like it . ever .
simply said , thought these would shed light . but instead , after hours they're dead . thus , my search for light continues
the bangs look really shiny and fake it doesn't blend with your hair . it looks like a halloween costume wig .
this book suks , it suks , sukz , suks , wow , does it ever . why did i get it . g d knows . it sucks !
maybe a bad children's book ? i am sorry i bought this book . i wish i knew how to delete it .
what came was a black pen ! does not work . don't buy this . fake pen . this is a knockoff . listing not honest .
cheaply made . no grounding prong . light weight . wont even use it . would rate a zero if i could . crap
kept crashing on tablet and phone . uninstalled on both phone and tablet . acer tablet and a samsung galaxy s .
this is a terrible book for any tv buff over the age of .
this movie is a pale , watered down imitation of wim wenders classic wings of desire . see wings instead .
do not waste your money on this piece of crap . bought this phone six months ago . touch screen stopped working !
this blush was very fake and unflattering . kind of on the cakey side . i sent it back after trying it .
if looked as a parady of some other books it was some whatamusing . but very heavy handed .
the material looks cheap and most importantly the laptop slips off the stand which defeats the purpose of the stand .
or something to that effect . another in the american beauty camp of willfully narrow minded views of middle america .
neither fun nor interesting nor educational . i would recommend it for no one except perhaps toddlers or couch bound potatoes .
i thought the first story was good couldn't take to the others
these earrings look cheap and cut in half . the picture misrepresents the product and in fact they actually look plastic .
horrible . doesn't cut at all . snags and pulls hairi wouldn't recommend to anybody . . not even to cut paper with . it's a shame .
i don't like reading where they jump back and forth . the indian lore history was interesting . would not read it again .
none of the three i purchased functioned for over a week . real disappointment . guess you get what you pay for .
this product is not neccessary . k y jelly is non harmful to sperm and certainly doesn't cost . . don't waste your money .
love this
a poor quality clone . works for off car diorama etc . would look awful on your porsche .
the swivel clasp tore itself from the case after weeks of lite use . keep looking .
i think she will learn to bring life to her characters . just not yet , but her effort is worth it .
this is a snap together . the model is alot smaller than its probaly closer to . waste of money .
what don't they understand about dry ? the ink takes much too long to dry and it smudges before it dries
i orderd the battery in begining of november . its almost the new year an i still have not received it yet !
too annoying the baby gets way too excited and can't go to sleep . i did not like the songs recorded .
lots of helpful information . explained the difference between the various diets . help determining which diet best for you . but no recipes are given
not worth the money . the battery does not stay charged . have to charge after each cleaning . doesn't pick up everything .
the black diamonds where to different sizes and cuts . when you look at them sideways you can see the difference
things didn't work as mention
the quality is very bad and the color started coming off of it the first week after i got it .
the software was broken so we had to go to the website and download . the disk should be protected more .
do not stay in place not bad concept logo is nice can do better for the price do not recomend
i switch pcs too often to be able to have a time install limit .
this sink cannot be kept clean and chips very easily . american standard will not stand behind this product .
i will update this review if the order is corrected but i revived oz travel sizes of each item
i can't figure out how it works so i bought a wireless webcam instead . sorry , i can't figure it out .
i didnt like this product . it would fall apart after a couple of daysplastics wasnt good at all
in spite of its many favorable reviews , i was bored by this tired tale of humans hunting humans for entertainment .
i need good shoes due to diabetes and these were stiff and cheap materials . i will not buy crocs again .
the cookie cut outs make the cookies too small making it hard to decorate once they are done . skip it !
will ship back did not fit this why i gave a poor rating loved the other pair fit was great
is not high output , . amps . slow shipping .
a person really misses that personal touch because they probably would have realized a side mount was not even close
could not find the type of music i like , and too hard to understand search .
i dont listen to music because music is generally unappealing to me and have no reason to listen to it .
no drama , predictable , unbelievable , gratuitous violence . the actors walked through their roles . this isn't a goodfellas by any means .
i understand this is an account of one woman's life with bi polar , but unfortunately seems to be her favorite word .
i didn't care for it much . after the first few games i was bored . i deleted it from my phone .
quite crude , cheesy production and painting . not depicting the ae panda treuno well at all . quite disappointed and not recommending to anyone .
it didn't fit and it cost too much to send back it is more than i paid for the case
didn't match up to lucky's strong character and left her at a wedding to a dork without a future . dumb .
it didn't have the pocket , it was too thin and too short . don't order this it doesn't fit . poor quality
here's what is thought about you . it's a open expression . i'll waste . to keep fools out of my life . easy
not as big as i was hoping and does not hold heat as well as the graphite crucible do .
this game is simplistic and boring . no challenge . it was free , but it was still too expensive . you shouldn't bother .
usb dont work but i dont returd for the price of shipping
not for newborns i was highly disappointed , bought this thinking it would fit my son but it was very large .
i only liked one song on the cd all others were just average .
the ending sucked ! did the author get tired of finishing the story ? a little more closure would have been nice .
broke within a month of purchasingno good , wish i could return it . i don't recommend this product at all . .
not made very well flimsy . recommend spending a bit more for better quality . i have only used it once .
dont waste your money it does not work . i have galaxy note ii . nothing does not even recognize the cable .
didn't work for my galaxy s . wasn't what i expected at all . i'm sure it works for some . just not me .
did not work , there was no anti spy . had to throw it away and wasted my money . not buying again
stopped working after my room temp exceeded f when ac failed . watch it . keep it ventilated especially when mounted inverted .
hard to learn and not what i wanted i am getting so fed up with buying and not liking them .
i was very disappointed in this movie . very short too . would not recommend it , to anyone , just wasting your money .
these are smaller than i thought and the material is really thin . but the colors are nice . i expected more .
they only sent me one bolt set . they need to specify in ad . a pair or a single bolt order .
just got this . broken in the box . sending it back as soon as possible . super disappointed and just upset to be honest . really ? c''mon !
this product felll apart after a few uses . the thin blue srtip separated from the white case . would not reccomend
the handle is not right i need a new onw
the pattern on this is nice . light padding but no real oomph . unfortunately cup size was too large for me .
there were no instructions with these , so i am not sure what i am looking for in the results window .
i was disappointed not so much with the cd but that the music was not what i had been expecting
did not like the shape or the feel of the shoe . they have been donated to charity .
two of my favorite movies , both on the same dvd excellent ! what else could i possibly say ? thank you !
great for halloween prop awful if actually wanna use it . i was starbuck from battlestar galactica for halloween
cheaply made . broke in a week
this app performs slow and sluggish on the kindle fire and crashes often . always force closes . need more consistent performance .
no vale la pena , muy cursi . para mi gusto esta novela no representa al autor , es muy cursi de verdad .
it wasn't a very fun game if you ask me , i would rather do the puzzle games than this item .
bought using coins . game won't install on my galaxy note . i won't waste any realmoney on amazon app store .
only goes up down left right . can't control front or back . i really hate this . this helicopter sucks . don't get this helicopter for anyone
these are so small only a few pieces of popcorn handful ? fit into a container . would not recommend . .
it did not work as i thought it would it would not locate epub files on my kindle at all .
i couldn't get either of the two smooth enough . took them both off . what a waste of money !
had an allergic reaction to somthing in them . cant take them . wish i counld of had a better experience .
the product i received came damaged . it was bent on the corner end slightly twisted and could not fit phone .
this thing broke on the very first use . total piece of crapola . do not buy this coffee grinder .
looked nothing like the picture and too small . fits too tight around the waist , i wish i never bought them .
will not fit a honda crf f cylinder unless its the model . anything under the piston will be . mm oversize
not what i need
the battery was dead . lucky to have a spare but trouble shooting it in a cold garage was not enjoyable .
its damaged and the sd card is put in the wrong way do not waste your money do not buy !
got one works great the other not so good , the beam is kind of dull on the second one
i do not like it . if you want a good joke , come to me . i'm your guy . girl
although it plays and the audio is good , i am bitterley disappointed with the picture quality of the dvd
great look but doesnt protect very good
this works off and on automatically . who know when it work . don't waste your money on this product . big defect .
this didnt last very long . the motherboard blew up and could not be fixed . you get what you pay for .
uneven , and with quotes from native speakers at the bottom of the page that are irrelevant to the meditation above .
it skips most of the movie skips i will try to call and hopefully exchange it . i am very disappointment
josh was amazing at the greek . i thought his singing was incredible .
junk , the rubber piece ripped the first week . this is the second one i tried , both were over priced junk
really wanted to like this but it has no taste . now i am stuck with canisters .
this bag last one time . glad they discontinued it
terrible . does not work !
flimsy , little stand broke off almost immediately it's not metal , even though it appears to be , it's painted plastic
gun burned out the third time it was used . i can't use a tool that has such a short life .
i got the wrong fxxking sword not like the picture . done . done . done . done . done zero star . bad company i not oder again from you guys .
it would not screw directly into the sink . it needs coupling to be able to hook up to the sink .
i couldn't get ti to connect to music on my note
this spacer in picture looks all silver buy , it's not ! has the black tint to it . i don't like at all !
i ordered of the pokemon ash ketchum baseball hats . i received one of ash's hats from a different season .
slots on this are too large . cds fall out when you are driving . i would not buy again . weak sauce
i did not like the quality . the fabric is thin , unpleasant . it's not like calvin klein in the original
ordered a size larger and still too small
this book did not give information that has not been published prior to this date . nothing new .
this product is not as user friendly as the version . i am sorry i spent the money on this .
i did not like these dates at all . they we rotten and tasted awful ! i would never buy them again .
i routinely monitored my blood pressure and had to return to my prescribed medication . this product did not work for me .
these socks are thin , summer weight socks . my wife was expecting something heavier weight than this like real bobby sox .
thw order should have been cologne , period not toilet spray . this stuff is terrible and stinks . i'm trying to return it .
not bad gamereal modellinghelicopter like the realbut keeps player boring . will rise my review when will see modern action
i have always hated windows , and version . does nothing to improve my opinion of microsoft . this software sucks balls .
was very predictable would not recommend it .
the powder brush was hard to blend and shred like crazy .
cute shorts , but buyers beware these run about three sizes too small !
nothing special or useful . guess i can tell you not to waste your time on the lazy effort , yawn , yawn .
poor quality sound , even worse with cassettes which is why i bought this . difficult to tune dial .
not what i expect , the fabric and the flower design looks to old and are too big for my style .
way below expectations . go ahead and rent the movie but do not buy it ! waste of money !
i thought this was really lame . it was only a short book and very predictable . not worth time or money .
complete garbage . very disappointed . didn't send it back because it would cost more to do so then to keep it .
i ordered the wrong size . had it been right i would have loved it . we really like the filtrete brand .
words were boring i tried to deleteit but it keeps showing up in my apps . not for my kindle .
these were nice but much smaller than what i was expecting , they were mich closer to the not
it sucks it doesent work it just charges your phone it's dumb don't buy it it doesn't work it's dumb
did not even fit . it is for the htc one sv . how ciuld it not fit ! very disappointed and angry .
there was no magic wand in the kit and the black flower pot was totally crushed ! not worth the money
what did you say and i can't hear you are phrases you will learn to use alot with this phone .
no where near bands not ea not enough connectors definitely not when made by music videos .
one leg split on it's first use , i had to wrap it in duct tape to get my kayak home .
i chose the wrong case . i have a e ink reader .
expensive bulky product that did not work with my mac , no matter what i tried . much better scanners out there .
it was ok not a good ending
the kindle edition needs some pictures . other than that , it has a lot of recipes but most are pretty bland .
thought it would have been purple like the lipstick , comes out pink . it's pretty but expected the exotic purple color .
cheaply made , would not recommend to buy , don't really know why i bought this now after the fact , don't buy
had to modify lamp in order to make fit unit seems it much dimmer then it was with previous lamp .
don't waste your money and efforts on this piece of junk . buy something branded if you really need to .
not , what wife wanted !
does not work comes up with a blank screen sound only they need to check it before they release it
i received this product in august , and it had an expiration date of september . what a bunch of crap .
will not work in vista mode . my fault . should of read specks on game . looked like a good playing game
the world changed a little to quickly for ric , that's certain .
poorly made piece of foreign junk .
i am very disappointed . the bristles are so flimsy as to be sucked into the funnel and restrict the suction .
this item is very complicated to set up . i still dont have it set up where i could listed to calls
it lasted about a week . the battery won't hold a charge past five minutes . i would not recommend this product .
has audio issues .
the picture is misleading . it looks like the larger candle , which that is what i was getting . very disappointeddiane turk
i expected much more from this . i predict it fizzles after the hype since the tunes are okay , not great .
i thought this would be more green turquoise but it's a lighter lime green . colors are always off with these .
beautiful design , great looking colors and materials . but the phone keeps coming off the case ! useless , do not buy this .
crap . stretched out the first day it was installed . was not worth the i paid for the pos . crap
it just wasn't for me . the nail clipper is good , i just can't use the magnifier in a effective manner .
i do not like this phone . not at all unless u hav an unlimited plan . still though it's a weird phone
i haven't actually finished this book . i've read the first several chapters can't seem to get in to it ! sorry !
they want you to buy everything to even be able to play . so not worth even downloading ! waste of time !
great start to the book but it should have been ended about half way through .
cord works the same but is about feet shorter than the oem one i am replacing .
hard to recommend . way too much advertising . content wasnt all that interesting to me .
its not what i expected
after less than a month , the wiring was already breaking apart . not good quality in hardware however sound was ok .
themselves were at least inch too long . . almost always fits my girlfriend at least within a half size
not what i expected
it doesn't work . the space bar doesn't work at all and letter i just keeps typing i across the page
would not turn on correctly no signal out and burned out on . v after minutes of use
only available for mobile apps as compared to other freebies to kindle pc . this sucks very badly . wise up , amazon !
this id very small . what you would use for young boy . waste of money . not for an addult man's head .
i just bought this , this is a super bad quality it doent turn onnn . need help ! don t buy this
no cubre la pantalla completa deja mucho espacio descubierto , o me envieron el item equivocado . desearia una compensacion . graciassaludos
this item is not for the volt battery , but rather for two volt batteries .
sorry but i knew it was small but this a little too small and very bad paint jobtoo bad
the item i received was not correct . wrong picture posted ! i couldn't use the product .
cover keeps slipping off the chair . you have to keep adjusting the cover every time you sit in the chair .
size said xxl but was actually a med large . terrible experience ! it feels like torture for people who are not super skinny
while i am fond of the barefoot contessa , i will not purchase this brownie mix again .
least enjoyable of them all . sound quality horrible . seems like it was quickly put together and strung out for money .
read the title . it wont download . says there in not enough memeory yet i have about mb or so
cheap quality don't buy this a waste of money .
very cheap material . dress started falling apart at the seams after the very first wear . a total waste of money .
poor quality and endless talk from commentators . we want to watch the band not uknown commentators . boring
too explicit . bad writing . too hard to follow . bad bad bad nothing more to saylousy lousybad badbadbad
sent wrong one to me waiting on new one to come so i can put this ipod touch back together
very elemental device . bad translator . my expectations were not satisfied because of the vocabulary of the machine is very poor .
my iphone gives me error message this device not supported although swapping to an apple cable works . very disappointing .
the pot handle arrived broken , is a good product but the handle is broken at the end of the handle .
primarily made out of plastic . i wouldn't waste the money on this . spend more and get something nicer and durable .
not at all the version of this song i wanted , slower and much lamer than the original , avoid , don't buy , save your money
it's enough to ponder that maybe roe v wade should be overturned . my grade d
my whole room is covered in dust from this litter . it never used to be like this . it is bad !
how can the authors write a story without knowing the subject ? they may know more politics than the case itself .
it was so blurry you could not even read what it said or tell what it was ! i was pissed
i'd love to order this comb , but to ship it ? seriously ? ever heard of flat rate boxes ?
it is a piece of crap . most boringest video i have ever watched . save your money . very awful , enough said .
i hate the fact that i have to remove it from the case in order to hear the sound clearly .
returned the stick because it was warped beyond being useable . would not rcommend the cue to anyone piece of crap .
eats through batteries too fast
very stupid all the jokes were super cheesy and its not worth getting its super duper dumb . dont get it !
only one device works . refund needed for nd device . i'm sure if it worked , it would be a great value .
did not have the attachment for which i made the purchase .
bought this for a class i was taking and ended up dropping the class . anybody want to buy a book ?
didn't do anything .
i had to throw out the screen protector as it wouldn't stick . i followed the enclosed instructions to no avail .
this is a joke . doesn't work well at all . would never recommend it to any friend or enemy ! bad bad
i am disappointed in this necklace . the cross seperated from the chain less than a month after the purchase .
i thought there would be games , not just how to do it . but i also got words and love it .
these do not fit an ' forester , i wish that i read the reviews before . they fit my outback .
same as other customers ordered crest , received oral b . damn .
i've been using this product for several weeks now , i have more pimple than before . i don't recomment this product .
really big . like too big
thought that this would be a suitable replacement for the bft vtm mhz remote control listed on . easygates . co . uk bft remotes . asphowever , it wasn't
i like the look of the shoe and the fit was good but i thought they would have more padding .
i bought this model because of another review and was completely disappointed . it overheated and broke in months .
vulgar , stupid , not funny , and lot of toilet humor . overall garbage .
messy , not permanent . don't bother . a stitch in time gathers no moss , and i need to type at least nine other words .
it pauses a lot , can't really get into it . wish and will try to get my money back ! don't buy !
disappointing it's almost like stephen king didn't write this . it's just not up to his usual style or quality
thought it was made of sum else not plastic n thought it had a little weight
not tasty . uugh . there was only a slight pumpkin taste . i was really disappointed . this will end up in the garbage .
good product . when it actually works ! it constantly disconnects and then is troublesome to pair the units .
good travelog but i was expecting fiction
cute , but runs really narrow and i ordered a half size larger than my daughter takes .
cable did not work at all . on the iphone or on ipad . i believe it must have been defective .
the gold looks brown . but it does fit my keyboard nicely and they'll fix their mistake . but it's not gold .
this was okay . priced too high for an outdated version .
i tried to dwonload the demo but it wouldnt let me u amazon jerks need to stop fooling with ppl
nicky charles books are free on smashwords and barnes and noble . someone is trying to profit from nickys hard work !
it does not work at all
there were no instructions on how to use this product . i will try to find this somewhere else . very disappointed .
this product was the wrong charger and was not able to charge the battery for the maxxum d
worked the first time and now crashes even after reinstall and reboot . don apos t waste your time on this game .
this was supposed to fit a newborn , but it was way too big !
i woke up next to this thing and hide in the basement for hours
just because it's green , doesn't make it look like turf or the fake grass . can't fool the dog with it .
tried this radio out at work and my icom blows this out of the water literally on receive .
one connection of this cable stop working , just threw it away . do not buy this product .
i really want to play this game , but it is not compatible with kindle fire hd . super disappointed .
it wasn't strong enough for my german shepard , the product tested working but didn't affect my dog at all .
this is a rip of of jim butcher's series dresdin files ! the plot is the same as his book changes .
was not pleased
every time i went to search for something it would close . wouldn't even let me go past the first screen .
i was very disappointed in these shorts . they were paper thin and not yoga shorts .
just not my kind of music , it thought it would be more soft smooth music . i don't like the beat
what battery fits this thing .
this sticker faded the first month not worth the small amount i paid . if i were you i wouldn't buy .
this book does not go into any depth specifications are not listed does not do justice to subject .
i can't tell difference with cool shield ?
zero stars was not an option . broke apart seconds after opening . do not buy !
i had two of these both died in less than a month , i did not even use the cables everyday .
i have read all of his books and liked this the least . very graphic description of homosexual acts . weak ending .
gays and teenie boppers may like this , but gwen shouldn't give up her day job with nd . just terrible .
this product was a waste of money . air bubbles and the corners kept coming up . please don't waste your money .
i never played this game or got it but still i am the first person make a review . for it
my mistake , not my cup of tea at all .
my worst purchase from amozon .
short book to read i hope there's more soon to read from this person nice to book to read enjoy .
didn't fit my current gh guitar or a previous one . so cheap that decided not to bother returning the faceplate .
it smokes during cooking and rust in dishwasher . not a good buy . would but a different brand that is offered
this unit will not re charge the i pad ok on i phone . to much trouble to retrun
out of sockets don't work
my battery always was dead
i picked a low rating because the book was written so long ago that the topic is no longerrelevant .
this product not safe for a regular adult sized dog . thanks for the hassle ! six more words required . six more
i can not give a star for something i have not recived been waiting since . no contact about why .
it's ok
horrible movie .
i loved it , thank you
iwas ok the come like diferent one not for z sony
i was suppose yo get a movie free ! news to me ! never got a movie for free !
it is not what i expected for this product . it seems like imitation , because it smell does not last long
product larger than it looks on line
the bag was not what i was expecting , and , furthermore , the retailer sucks in terms of their return policy .
bbc coverage was the best however , too much was deleted causing hiccups in the sound especially during wedding ceremony very disappointed .
this stuff is totally dollar store stuff ! not what i expected but you get what you pay for .
it doesn't charge the iphone . a complete waste of money . i wish i had known this prior to purchase .
zero stars . this item was broken as shipped . do not buy cheaply made
the armband broke after only using it once . the transparent , plastic encasing came apart and the armband is useless now .
the products are well received other products amazon hate
case was broken when i got it i had to tape it together but it does work okay for now
no mids , bass is non existence , sounds like a tin can . like to give it no stars . will never purchase them again .
it stops running whenever i run into certain characters , and it doesn't let me close it when i want to .
i thought it would notifiy me when birthdays were coming up , but so far nothing . i don't like it .
the shirt is more like a small instead of a large . hoping to lose weight in order to wear it
about of the time this charger cord won't charge my iphone and will never charge myipad . very unhappy
took longer than advertized to get here and range is very short . would not buy again .
do not buy . super dull . super bulky . shatters nail instead of clipping . save your money . my dog hates me now .
am put on charger pm try to make first cut pm battery dischargedit is not working with plugged in charger !
stupid plot , stupid narrative , though the acting was'nt too bad with what they had to work with . women actresses bad .
this video is best for beginner or beginner intermediate exercisers . intermediate and advanced exercisers will not find it challenging enough
i received two of the same item . i would like to return one but i don't know how .
this item its pretty slow working not good at all this item should not be selling i don , t recomend it .
not interactive enough , needs to be more of a game challenge . my daughter tired of it in just a few minutes .
whey were not the same as the picture , nor curved , just straight and did not fit at all
this case is very stiff and it's very hard to press the buttons to turn the ipod on and off .
too fragile
after using this product , i do not find that this product improve my hair in anyway . not as i expected
i was truly disappointed . it didn't work well , the music was cutting in and out .
i expected the history of corn , but most of the book is how indians used corn . it got old quick .
the case was really hard text or do anything with the case it was horrible
i needed it , so i started wearing it . i hope will shrink when it is washed . wish me good luck .
i think its a little fishy how all the star reviews say nice over and over . really ? come on .
after turning on a couple of times the flashlight stopped working . tried changing batteries . did not work . bad item . will not buy this again
the design was squeezed to fit a narrower oval , it should have been wider . other than that it was okay .
this case is loosing hairs very fast . i guess it isi just for display not everyday use . would not recommend
very good book needed sodium count . pleased with it overall i dont have ten more words . fine book fine book
the coffee was not that great the dark roast were ok and the rest were not the quality i wanted
didn't tell me anything i didn't already know wasn't that great . did like the explanation of bombs and boosters and
need instructions . not what l expected . very disappointed .
where's as ? just on the cover ? looks like replace flash , flash cs . its not flash cs , its not as .
we only used this bag once . it ripped on our very first use . it is not worth the money . avoid .
get their other stuff . btw , why the hell is this going for up to fifty dollars ? hilarious .
sent back nothing impressive at all . anyone can make their own paper bookmarks like this . very boring .
poor writing , don't waist your money . i am a conservative . not funny nor worth it . it is not even educational .
we bought this soap dispenser to replace ours and it worked great at first but stopped working after a year .
it looked old , smelled really bad . supposed to get credit back . have not seen yet . wanted reshipped they wouldn't do
awful . i installed on my dually and the heat from the tailpipe instantly melted a hole in them
this gal is taking weight watchers to court . i wouldn't suggest anyone waste a penny buying this dribble whe writes !
i thought the toy was much bigger it was very small . i was disappointed about the size of da computer .
i thought it was a rubber case buts it not its hard and my husband doesn't like it at all
cause it's only afew nail designs needed i wanted more designs to try out on nails but oh well not pleased
just was not my type of movie . thought it would be but was surprised it did not hold my attention .
hate , boring , hate , boring , hate boring boringhate , boringh . soooo , so , boring , so so swo hated , also hate have to rate ,
the strings broke while tuning . i didn't even get a good break in before the strings started poping . very frustrating .
the quality of the film is so imperfect , that it is not enjoyable at all to watch . very very blurry .
my baby was small , in the th percentile at months and these didn't fit . the are for newborns only .
i would not recommend this publishing . just notes on this president . after buying this i purchased the larger book on his life
used it for my potted plants at least once every two months . didn't help now my plants are no longer alive .
this movie was boring and there are no good songs on this soundtrack skip it
fairly uncomfortable to sleep with . doesn't seem to have had much effect yet . i'll give it a little more time .
dont waste your money this stuff doesnt really worktried it on different area rugs and the produt never worked
unauthorized credit card transactionmailed to a default addressproduct not received
not a lot of options for really identifying your birds . it is good for beginners , though , to identify families of birds .
too low res and major latency lag
not very well written didn't care for the story line at all . do not recommend as a good read .
shipped quickly ad was excellent product
got ours a few weeks ago , worked for about weeks and now it's broken . very disappointed
not like it ! not like it ! i will not recommend to my friends ! my bad experience here ! will not buy anymore !
this tv does not include a digital tuner . a cable box is needed to receive digital hd programming . just fyi .
hack of movie . no decent dialog . film quality bad . bad plot . don't waste you money . bad actors . no acting . disappointed
the cut did not fit the phone would not buy this again
cute but the paint scratches off easily . it would be so much better if this did not happen . please fix .
way too expensive for six brads . they are attached to the backing paper and are fully opened . save your money .
i dont receipt your parcel . please tell me whats a reason and tell me when will i teke this parcel .
started good . but how about germany winning ? fiction not very good for this author . i thought he kinda hurried ending .
from the picture , i can't see how this ia a grab bar ? can somebody give me a clue ?
very disappointing . the story line was weak . one of king's poorest .
picture showed the original adapter that is why i bought it but when i received it it was another one
i ordered this but this product didn't work at all . i never expect that this product will not work . regards , gagan
cheap carp sent it back it's plastic and only had tape on bottom
bought this because of arthritis fingers and hands , it would take minutes to peel one potato for me ,
this kit came with many parts , some didn't even fit together correctly and some were rusted . i was very dissapointed !
it is a useless headset since it doesn't work on windows and support from logitech non existent . a waste of money .
very disappointed ! looks good but used just one time and broke without doing anything special . really poor material ! don't recommend .
story is hard to get into and just isn't gripping me like the others . moving at a slow pace . boring .
just get peggle . this is too little too blah . also , tooooo many adds . didn't enjoy it at all . not fun .
the dress does not fit like it should . it is too large in the waist and is not very flattering .
case door broke off , and i never drop it . will not buy again !
they were gold in color not black . the shape was fine just not the flat mat black we were expecting .
this is an inferior toner it will smear and waste labels unuseable i had to throw away , sheet of labels loner smears believe me !
did not live up to expectations . i guess i fell for all the hype . not recommended . see the previous information . bummer .
the action figure is not the size advertised . advertised as inches and is actually only inches . pretty disappointing .
there are only two ways in which to view this movie . watch the mst of it . be very drunk .
it did not fit . it would not close . the holes were in the wrong place . said it fit am . ' kindle .
no , no , no . would i ever watch this ridiculous movie again ? no .
explains the relationship between johnny carson and henry bushkin . not much details about other friends and family of johnny carson .
the package arrived bashed in and we refused delivery . dissatisfied .
i was sent the wrong item . i asked for white v necks not crew necks . completely oblivious to what was ordered .
did not enjoy , my son was confused trying to read it , maybe he's too young . thought it would be funnier .
i tried the lady bic shavers several times . the shaving angle causes scrapes and nics . i do not recommend these .
these are so thin they're see through !
found the pictures don't seem to be high quality and the camera feels cheap and plasticy . i wouldn't recommend it .
don't waste your money . the author no longer captures my interest . that's too bad .
when i opened the container , i could instantly see that they were too small . hope to replace them with larges . thank you
i guess there must be a re issue they must put all the metallica songs thank you
found the recipes interesting but found at least recipes with key ingredients missing . very discouraging to say the least .
super small , its cute and the mesh closing on the top is nice but its super small and cheap feeling .
the usb end that goes in the phone the wires came out of great price bad units skip this product
sneaky , free to download but comes with subscription price . didn't like the way it was presented on the app list
so boring vampires used to be cool go team wolf kid or what everthis is my grandpahave a nice day
liked the functionality but the wireless range is very , very limited hit or miss as well . figure feet max .
it broke trying to put it on the phone . just a piece of cheap plastic . is very cute design though !
it did not work the way i thought it would , so i deleted it from ny phone . for ever
my husband and i both had this case and both our screens cracked . buy a better case .
the stick turned around on its heavier part like that other reviews say . not so friendly to work with
very uncomfortable when using . the interface is not user friendly . it's hard to use it . they should make it more easier .
not what i expected !
it was not the right battery for my drill . cannot use . need to return for different battery that works right
screen requires modification cutting . does not fit without cutting . product is not hd razor maxx hd specific . it requires cutting .
a badly written book . even the sexual discriptions are boring and not even remotely erotic . rubbish fiction not worth buying
this album is terrible . the music stinks , and i only bought it for the aaliyah song on it . goodness . thank you
bought this to keep the neighbor dogs away and they walk right past ! worthless and now is in the garbage .
the was stolen out of are yrad so i sent it to you thanks you for the help terri fossee
foam sleeve would not fit over filter . several attempts were made . sleeve tore and was thrown away . a big don't buy .
the first time i wore this ring , the stone fell out . it was really poor quality . i was greatly disappointed .
not happy that it says that it fits ipad but it doesn't fit at all only fits ipad
stopped working after only months . waste of money ! please do not buy this product from this retailer .
product is not for thick hair nor a person that has alot of hair .
country ? what was he thinking ? garbage . . kid rock can put my b in his mouth
just could not get into the flowof the book ! not my kind of book . just could not get into it . tried twice
the title of this comment tells everything . all she is doing is yelling
steady flow of water from back of the unit , days after the return limit expired . don't waste your money .
i broke out after a week of using the product and my dark spots are still there . i'm very disappointed .
no what i expected . used with my v hitachi dremel . not much different than the origonal one it came with .
litter still got tracked everywhere ! do not recommend ! it is very stiff and resembles astro terf . not attractive or effective .
hated this . complicated . ended up getting the easy snap in britax attachment for this stroller .
i didn't like this item , please go find a better caliper . the slide sticks and the screen protector broke already .
this book is just ok . the message is a good one , but not enough for a book . would not recommend .
this app never worked correctly from day one , do not recommend to anyone for download to their kindle . very disappointed .
a joke of extreme bad bad taste .
for me , it didn't work . not one little bit . i wasted my money . lesson learned . i'll stick to the tums .
cute but runs very small
male lard should have been told that this was not a silent film . could not wait for it to end .
my sister did not get her voucher and i couldnt figure out why . my other sister got hers late . unhappy
started very slow , waited for it to pick up and it never really did . unnecessary detail i didn't finish it .
not pleased with this purchase . shoes look cheap , poor qualitywould not recommend this purchase or buying this brand either
what can i say , i didn't like it
this item quality was not what i expected .
repetitive and devoid of plot . i really do not understand why it got star rating by so many readers .
i really don't feel any different after weeks . very expensive . the taste is tolerable . i don't have six more words .
i tried reading this on the beach . i fell asleep and ended up sunburned .
it's a bit bettter than this over the top tale of corruption , and lesbo sexacapade in a minimum security prison .
no instructions . would not work with my laptop . wast of money . would not recommend to a friend . not satisfied .
this game won't download ! ! it might be fun but it won't load ! so mad ! sets of america i am disappointed !
very wrong zips
i bought this clay to use in my class at school but it was already hard and dried out . sigh .
i was looking for something comparable to the dresden files and iron druid but no go . too bad oh well .
the gun immediately jammed with the ammunition being lost inside the barrell . it was impossible to fix . do not buy
i may have missed something about the print from you but the print is so small i cannot read it .
they're ok but they dont stay it place on the seat very well . other than that thy're good . .
the hp tri color printer cartridge did not work even though it was never used . the box was unopened .
this was cheaply made and too big to fit inside the travelon essential bag's inside pocket . returned .
you can only fit studs in these earring holders .
this plant is pretty but it's highly invasive ! i don't recommend planting it , as it is also toxic to wildlife .
did not work well . may have had too much memory for radio . did try to work , but very slow for unit .
had to return due to defective units . it is a great idea but refurb quality is questionable . check out others
very awkward to use , safety concern and sharpness is questionable . i plan to return this item very soon . thank you .
i am waiting and waiting and waiting , nothing ! waste of time and money ! now i need to go find something else .
poor excuse for an ipod stand , wouldn't rotate for other angles . needs to be remodified to make it more useful .
never finished it . it did not keep my interest . maybe i'll pick it up again later . not too interesting though
sticker wouldn't come off without wrinkling up , i tried and tried and ended up throwing it away . very disappointed .
assumed incorrectly it worked for the newest ipad . my fault , but didn't realize plug in change .
some pieces were broken .
was about a cm to small length wise , when installed it just didn't seat right . i would look somewhere else
this shirt is horrible quality . one sleeve is noticeably smaller than the other , to the point that it is unwearable .
significant drawbacks no button for testing the vibration . undetectable vibration under a large pillow . the sonice alert sbp provides more values .
the product is very noisy . this takes away from the efficacy of the product .
i've had this game for some time . it doesn't work well on kindle fire hd and it's not much fun .
very cute but breaks easy .
for the price i was charged for this item and for it to look like something otherwise i'm not happy
stopped working with motion about a month after we bought them .
color rubs off rather quickly
maybe i just don't get it but it doesn't seem to blend very well and it makes very small servings .
yes is one of my faverate 's bands , this was really a dissapointment . quality is horrable
could not get it to work with microsoft surface rt as advertised and requests for support were ignored .
the punch out for the camera lens two holes don't line up with the one camera lens on my lg vk
although it was an interesting beginning , didn't hold my interest . it is fine for a young adult teen read
too much unnecessary killing . the book was not believable . the ending could've been better . it should've been a happy ending .
the mask is too thin and flimsy , i was looking for the thick heavy duty plastic one
crushes the bagel down . blade just mushes it down . very disappointed with this product and would not buy it again .
doesn't scare anything it's ugly
the package came in a plastic bag , no box and no cream attached only the brush and batteries .
i received the gift , but its damaged . pls chk if can replace it ? doesnt look like a fresh product . thanks
not what i was expecting is very limited use i'm not sending back because i'm lazy to do it .
too big and too expensive to send back . it isn't what i expected and i couldn't recommend ordering this ring .
i hate it . atari's greatest hits pro is a real flop . wasted time on it . very bad and boring app
lasted a few months before it lost its ability to charge .
this book has very little to do with what the outline said . waste of money and time to read it .
poorly done . not at all sexy . very short on plot . pretty people , but just not a good movie . i was disappointed .
i bought of them . and the second one i bought does not work now . very disappointed with the product .
too small and dont close by itself . from the description i understood it's bigger . completely not usable for me . disappointed .
i had no weight or inches lost and no extra energy . i wasted my money when i bought this . disappointed .
i uninstalled it minutes after buying it . does not work at all . waste of money . do not buy . crap .
this does not work well . it compresses the cake rather than coring the cake .
you would be so naive to believe a sentence of this book . full of unverifiable and unverified stories and speculations .
there are better books to read to your little one that doesn't include married rabbit cousins or promoting lazy behavior .
my daughter downloaded this and thought it was something else . she said it's ok . not what she wanted though . sorry .
the selection of movies is not very vast . hard to set up and not really that enjoyable . removed it from my device .
wasn't what i expected just a useless app have that came with my phone that do the same feature
the case doesn't stay together . if you're holding the phone with one hand it can easily come apart and fall .
not terrible , but not that exciting either . seemed like a young adult novel at times . but it passed the time .
this show is the worst thing ever i gave it a chance one big soap opera under a dome dumb !
not sure what we did wrong , maybe we our pc is not compatible . have to check into this problem soon .
so sad didnt received this product either . u would think that u would get the things u order so sad
i tried to download and would not let me . too bad since it would be nice to have used it .
this app has a lot of porblems with installing . i try to install it but it says to try again .
it had one temperature hot ! my pup hated it and he likes things warm . it wasnt quiet on either setting
gross
despite it is described as a charge sync cable , this cable does not charge the samsung galaxy note . .
very boring the kids don't play it
this product did nothing for me . i took it for over weeks and nothing . i think it's a scam !
overpriced junk ! buy at your own risk ! buy your mounts in game if you really want one ! not this way !
i have played sim city since the beginning . this game is clunky and limited . i will be looking for alternatives .
both of the bulb's didn't light , returned for credit . return was easy and credit was done quickly with no issues .
these were super cheap and not what they claimed to be . at least i didn't loose too much money . ugh
tom , are you there ? please , come back to your basics and remember what you used to do .
when attempting to fit this product over apple ear buds , please be careful as material easily tears around perforated areas .
when i got this app i thought that it would sound like a fart but it just sounds like static .
just deleted it . did not work on my kindle . bummer looked like it would be fun by did not work .
i can't stand this woman because she is so self absorbed ! i can't even get through it !
broke in less than a week its a worthless waste of money i do not recommend it do not buy !
i thought i was ordering openoffice . but i received . which is unacceptable to me . a real letdown .
this handbag is very poor quality . not what i expected , looks smaller than in the picture not worth the money !
it looks nice , but it run at least one size smaller and it's very narrow . otherwise , it is good .
cat couldn't be bothered . waste of money . i wish i could have returned it . but i through the box away .
i can't believe that they would release this with out the butterfly song .
unaware of anything about regions , until i asked my daughter , so unable to watch , would like to return , echo fox
does not seem to be improving the used blade quality as it claims . buy it at your own discretion folks .
the little clips that hold the case together have started to break . i have had the case for a week .
dont buy this weighing scale ! . did not work from the very first day . changed the battery but nothing . total waste of money .
either it was written for the mall ninjas . as a joke or just a poorly written book .
wow , they're really up to . indicative of the current state of horrible thrill ride esque non movies that are all the rage .
ordered a small and its huge . very unflattering . it's not worth the money . it's now collecting dust under my bed .
this is way overpriced . same thing at michaels for .
does not fit an wrangler . hardware is not included .
it sucks so bad that it never even got my ageand it takes hours to skan your fingerand it sucks
i expected something that had some heft and these were like tin . oh well they were cheap so not surprised
didn't play nicely with my am board . returned it and got xfx radeon card for similar price which worked flawlessly .
i was told this would work with blackmagic cinema pocket camera and it does not . skipped frames and very slow .
the cover is very misleading . it is being returned within minutes of opening the package .
fine in clear water read swimming pool . clarity of camera is disappointing . forget it in bright sunlight . expensive toy , would not recommend .
doesn't work with galaxy s . customer service says it does but it doesn't . tried on s . can't backup calendar .
battery did not work . it didn't even fit right . bought a battery from a motorcycle shop , no problems . lesson learned .
just because is u , magazines they rate as good . what this is just bad bad music ! .
sorry is not charging , unknown if is my ipod or charger . thanks for your concern . i will have to check .
terribly scripted , ineptly acted , avoid this movie if you value your time even the slightest bit
d its always bigger than my size in this bad tommy its too small .
the plastic protector cover part which plugs into the phone and the connector wires completely came apart . had to discard .
did not smell like authentic darshan , too perfumy . tried letting it air out and that seemed to help a little
makes no sense
i thought i was buying toby mac not s toby wanna be . this guy's voice was not good .
this did not work .
this started out okay but just got more and more ridiculous .
bad game get buy carcasses that arrived broken
it broke within month of use . the button to turn very tough . very difficult to remove it from the phone .
was the biggest peace of junk we ever had , of them fell apart the next day we bought
we have a mini daschund and the stairs were too far apart for her short little legs . we returned it
this product is inaccurate even when following the directions to a t . the results vary too significantly to be useful .
a little cheap in the print . but pretty cool . i love david bowie so i geeked out over this . recommended .
never got through the first chapter . that's not to say it's a bad book , just not my cup of tea .
boosorry this book is bad to me it is all to easy i read this book in minutes
wrong part then what i ordered . the part is much larger than what the specs said . would not order again
did nothing
this is not such a good book to learn chemistry with . i find that chang's text is a lot better .
not satisfied because the adhesive tore the pain off of my wall . disappointed and will not by this product again
good deal when i first purchased , now same price or more than local stores such as target etc . will discontinue
seemed like a good book . just not my kind of things . i will make for my family and update soon .
i ordered bass but received guitar . i spent for one month to get correct one .
the sleeves for a xl shirt are given as inches . this completely wrong . they are more like inches .
the quality isn't too great . have a couple of the set that have skips . disappointing but love the songs
it did not work at all , just gave me a headache every time i took it . . waste of money .
all my cups have shattered one actually broke already would not recommend cups shatter easily with hot water when washing
jewels fall off so easily . it was nice at first , but then the jewels fell off i was not impressed
lens mount does not fit tightly against eos m . it wiggles . does not work well with my telephoto . autofocus is slow .
never received this outfit ! and have been charged emailed company and have not heard anything back .
most confusing book i have recently read . too many characters and unrealistic plot . not up to box , s standard .
its not good item and not as written on it i thinks its not working as it should work thanks .
these dont agree with me and make me lethargic . i guess processed food is processed food whether organic or not .
great for kids
lighting is weak and impractical does not work after a month of use .
our shears worked well enough , for a time this summer . they they broke in half . not very sturdy , i'd say .
for me this app is very confusing to use . i have not been able to get very far with it .
did not work snom internet phone . had to send back .
sounded like a great idea . so i ordered of them . neither one worked . not very impressive !
confusing and less than enjoyable . beyer instructions would have helped . not all of us are year old computer geniuses .
expiration date less than months out . hard for one person to use up packages in such short time .
same problem barely comes to your knees very small only nice if you have really small skinny calves and thighs ,
the mount insert was installed upside down . will have to pay to have it reversed to the correct position
it's okay . not that much perfect , next time i will try another product . it just doesn't wonder with me . sorry .
it was hit or miss as far as quality , i ended up with a lot of grainy copies and prints .
terrible . loose fit after a day or two .
did not do as advertised no instruction on what not to eat would not recommend this product to any family
no cotton at all . it is all synthetic ! very disappointed about this product . so bulky , doesn't feel nice to wear .
after i used this my period did not come and my heart beat skip please don't use it . ,
i'm very disappointed in microsoft . this version of streets trips gives wrong street address locations latitude , longitude positioning .
this was a piece of sh . was broke . when you sell something make sure is not broke es una basura estate cosa
these are cheap come in a cardboard container look nothing like the photo and a complete waste of money
product came broken already , the relay wasn't connected , and it stuck to my window for about a day and fell off .
cheap
battery was a piece of s . burned out in months . the galaxy sucks . can't wait for my upgrade .
this vibrator was great for the minutes it lasted . it broke within the first minutes of use . horrible !
i checked the measurements and everything before i ordered it . too large . now its just a night shirt . pretty angry
ordered a cake saver and received a veggie tray . not what i ordered . for the section veggie tray it was ok .
bad start to song
horrible product . there were holes in the bottom of both glass containers , rendering them useless . do not buy these items .
it is very week and it look like very sheep and the cover open by it self not very safe .
does not work , its full of adds . nothing works properly on this app . would not recommend for anyone . just my opinion .
tubing is to light of a gauge and always falls over . can't hold any substantial weight . wouldn't buy again . dissapointed .
battery is old and didn't hold much of a charge after four weeks of use compared to my original battery .
color , texture and flavor of this heirloom fruit left me rather disappointed . will purchse local hybrid fruit this years garden .
took forever to process and was not worth the price . stiching is poor . would recommend regular boxers over these . .
very predictable plot . a computer editing program that does not know when to use were and when to use was .
so anyone can hack into you personal cam and watch you and family while you are safe in your home
dont waste your money !
very adolescent style of writing and simplistic resolution of plot lines . yawn ! okay for a young adult novel i suppose .
the memory was not inside the box . unfortunately i could not tell what happened . thank you very much . alfonso liloia
did not seem to be authentic . too short .
i bought it because it is cheap . but non of those work ! the ink destroy my paper ! it is terrible
never received this one , they sent me two of the other one , which are trash .
reading it is very slow . doesn't capture my interest much . the beginning dragged so it was hard to keep going .
it didn't change my tank's temperature at all ! too weak and useless ! i'm going to throw it out . dont recommend
so small and poorly painted
i received this item and the outer housing was cracked and broken . completely unnacceptable . not worth returning , but extremely unsatisfied .
this cord only lasted a month . cracked at the end and does not charge now . hope to get it replaced . thanks
no charge at all . avoid this product . bargiancell should remove if they care about their customers .
turned my wrist black . not quality material .
i still not recieve my purchase .
it was solid when i got it , so i would give it stars , but it makes me give .
i never recieved this item and they kept my money ! i sent many emails none were returned ! i feel robbed !
the platforming elements are not good . you feel like a weakling . the force throw is just about broken . it's just , not fun . sorry .
dont even buy broke in a day ! save your money for a sealed headset . it is a piece of garbage !
sucks . don't buy . and i didn't get my refund
for a book with an average of three stars , why are the buying options so expensive ?
it does not work as advertised i will try something else . works on old system . i tried everything no luck .
they are ok , but i really only needed them for between my brows . all the other sizes went to waste .
i ordered it oct th . still haven't gotten it but was billed for it . hope it is worth the wait .
almost not lubricated not comfortable at all , won't buy again . if you don't want a bad experience , avoid this please !
i really like her series of never's . i wasn't interested in these characters nor the romance . i felt let down .
it's hard to think of very many appropriate words for just how bad this is . disgusting . putrid . vile . yucky . ugly .
expected more . it didn't have much substance . it was just so so and cursory . i was expecting much more depth .
this watch is bulky and it is difficult to see the display time
it did not download ! i paid for it and never received it ! there is no format to give immediate feedback ?
i did not review the dvd it was covered in soup that came with the same product . i am returning ti .
smaller punches were plastic and broke the first time i used them . i purchased a set from craftsman to remedy .
they will not stay in your ear well so are not helpfuldo not recommend this productnot happy with them
silicon cover , leaves marks on the screen . its of no use to backlit keyboards . attracts dust . doest fit the keys that good . too thick .
great book , except for the one problem of having too many zeros in the title .
this did not fit our . gps . we ended up having to find something locally to use for this trip .
nice looking , but hands are not distinguishable from the points of the compass beyond a few feet . art laatz
but i'm a bit of a neat freak . don't like the soap snot dripping on the counter mins later
after a week of using it , it stop working . it doesn't charge . terrible productneed a replacement or money return
we had problems with it going loud soft and extra controller helped at times other times not . don't use much now
more like a slip than a skirt . looks like an unfinished product . the size was great and the length . disappointed .
do not order this . tech support from broderbund is basically non existant . one sorry product .
i bought the same equipment yesterday at harbor freight for . . different brand , same stuff .
i used it for a month regularly and no changes . this product is just a waste of time and money .
this guy died from prostate cancer at only years old ironically , soon after this book came out .
garbage past yards . i have a cheap er simmons binoculars that puts this to shame .
this game is pretty simple but its not fun enough to be in the same category as a bingo game .
i never good get into it . just couldn't follow the story ! i know it's a classic , but it was boring .
was too small . booooo . this product was so not worth it . was better off using my hand . lmao seriously tho . boooo
this product does not mend anything . i'd hate to think that someone might use this on a parachute !
can we just get the original theatrical versions on bluray ? is it that difficult , are we asking too much ? please .
x large did not fit at all , my other bands x l fit fine would never order dickies again on line
bad because i did get a refune hi how are u today nice to meet you have a great day
uninspired action sequences , but raises some surprisingly interesting questions and dilemmas about cloning .
i did not like this movie at all and l returned it to you , and so on and so on .
strange story , predictable ending . easy read but many odd sexual additions that seemed unnecessary . these characters are definitely messed up .
camera was too slow wouldn't let me take continuous frames . also took too long to focus on the subject .
no quede satisfecha es pura tela desechable no es estable .
some kind of combination cd business card ? can it be played in a cd dvd rom drive ?
this book comes with a cd and also flash cards . for some reason they were not included with the book .
terrible fit . cheap .
mouse is undependable choppy and this can be a real problem when playing games .
this fan is garbage for the price of dollars . it died with in a month .
it was advertised for a nook and the box said kindle . as expected the stand does work . huge waste of money .
i love the design and color , but it has a chemical or moldy odor that keeps me from using it .
this product was big enough through the shoulders , but the length left something to be desired . would not order again .
this item claims to be okay for ipad devices . it isn't . save your money and get something that actually works .
don't waste your money . this product didn't do anything except run down my face . it's certainly not worth the money .
not using to hard to use i went back to my old flip phone .
i bought and installed this app only to be told it could not be used for a standard outlook account !
i would not recommend this movie . it was not funny , and i found it actually depressing . it was just bad .
nothing left on the sticks ! i guess during shipping the seeds all fell off .
it works ok . i have to leave my nails longer than usual in order for them to be completely dry .
they handles are not very stable . if you have hard wood floors do not buy as they will scratch . ,
is low quality and does not fit properly . nook hd can fall out easily . i am not impressed at all .
it holds usually over the other eye as well , so it wasn't so great for using as costume . very uncomfortable
cheap product it broke after days of being on my keys . never even got to use the bottle opener feature .
okay but does not work that well . cannot seem to keep wipey or paper on unit . cannot recommend this product .
cheap . so so . not worth keeping . but pass it on ! cheap . did not want it sorry it's junk . is this enough words for you yet
dont even remember this so it was not good i would guess . other wise wouldnt i have remembered it ?
i thought the dvd had a nice message . however the story was s dated and slow it taxed my patience .
i thought it was ok it was that it was just totally repetitive . uninstalled after a couple of minutes
had to return them . i have a small face but this pair was very little . would never fit . susan hinde
this mic had so much interference . there is a noise when record a conversation . i don't to recommend you .
way to small even for a small person . if you order this item you need to watch your size requirement .
terrible ! the story line can not be followed because it jumps around to much . do not waste your money . terrible .
it was too small for me .
a reflex game with very little real enjoyment . very addicting , yes , but built on a cod formula , not real gameplay .
this was ordered by mistake and returned to the seller . did not listen to the music from the movie .
this item was an imitation . they should let customers know that at the beginning .
the book was like reading a story in one of the dirty magazine . it was not my cup of tea .
great idea . easy to use but these do not last . they break quickly . in week . tacking up insulation .
had separate chargers sent and both stopped working shortly after receiving . you get what you pay for . save your .
are blue , are purple as can be . if you are looking for cobalt blue , these are mostly purple .
this came new , and the collar is terribly stretched already won't but more of this type , it's that bad
it'd be better if i just used this for a sore throat . tastes horrible and doesn't work . would not recommend
it is exactly months to the day and i still haven't received this purchase yet .
not what i expected at all . not a good quality of sound and i was very disappointed with the songs .
interferes with the touchscreen operation as well as the slide out keyboard . save your money .
pretty simple not as pictured , cheap tweezers that do not identify where they where made , quality seems poor compared to pictured .
peels screen protector off . cheap looking phone case . dots came with some peeling off . waste of money . too cheap
the red thing was to lose didnt like it either how can i get my money bak or cerdit thanks
way cheesy . it seems the producers just slapped it together . i wouldn't suggest it to anyone .
why this was even on my list of items to review , i never downloaded it .
recommended by friend . boring ! i will not read any other books by this author . poorly written and uninteresting . would not recommend .
this product has no effect . i would have given it stars , if that was an option . .
horrible , not what i expected at all . soundslike a lawerence welk record . i do not recommend this to anyone
new and improved design has me shopping for another vertical holder for my android . the previous design was much better .
i don't like short stories that leave you hanging these where no good to short to even consider a story
i thought this cd was going to be great because of louis armstrong . however , it didn't really feel new orleansy .
can buy these in the store for close to cents bar . here it's cents . no thanks .
i bought this for my iphone andit does not work . do not waste your money or time on this product .
a little snug but fit . i do not like my clothes snug on me
when i confirmed my purchase i thought this was pure silver . very dissapointed to find out that it was clad .
dont waste your money . this product is horrid and the amount of bubbles will make you want to kill yourself .
the product is good but found it cheaper on the retailer website !
this book sucked . very disappointed . gave it stars only because i like harlan coben most of the time . yawn
item was different than what i received and it was also too large . cheap lace galore . just dont buy this .
black sabbath are none other than ozzy , geezer , bill and tony .
lovato's renditions of song , took away from original music , to where it was unrecognizable . i would not recommend it to anyone .
this product sucks you are better off spending a few more dollars on a better screen proctor ! this product sucks !
if you watch shows on food network you know more about mexican food than what this book . i expected more
it worked well at first , but then i was unable to get downloads to show up in this apps file .
misleading description , poor construction workmanship , feathers coming out at the seems and every where else , bad purchase , buyer beware .
it wasn't what a order , it doesn't fit my s , i lost my money with these product , very bad bad
it's my th day taking this product and not seeing any changes on my body . don't recommend wasting money .
actually i wanted to buy this machine so i purchased it but it didn't work if you want , search more
this product did not even work an was for my babys christmas gift was very angry do not buy this
this adapter does not work with the hi camcorder video cassets that i want to play on my vhs player
cheap and the camo easily scratches off . not worth it ! i bought this for my son and he hates it .
i followed directions . nevertheless , this item adhered to the wall for only a few showers . duck tape would work better .
mounting brackets aren't made for my case . thought these things were standard .
i loved this book ! who would . ever think that rowley . would have a girlfriend ? this is an amazing series to me !
this book can teach visual basic for beginners , but it doesn't teach like it says object oriented programming .
this story had to many characters to keep up with and it sucked . i do not recommend . that is all
do not stay up . a lightly sticky substance at inner top . doesn't even adhere to itself much less to me
it may be stars , hav not needed to test performance of product will regrade if i need to use
wow great x resolution lol
nah , just kidding . this book does make an incredible doormat through . beck's face finally lives up to its potential .
two issues . every time i plug these i get sparks from the outlet . . the cord is too short .
this is just junk . very bad . this is one of the worst albums of all time . he he he
this case flashed constantly which drained the battery in a matter of a day ! poor quality wouldn't buy another one !
the color cartrige is only printing in yellow . it doesnt do what it should . these may not be completely compatible .
earbuds are a different material than the original . they don't stay in my ear as well as the original ones
have had problems with the ink since i installed it . sending it back for a refund .
one belt was the other pelt was
nice size , product texture is ok but the smell is too strong . would not purchase it again . check other brands
cardboard garbage ! don't hold shape . floppy awkward . huge waste of money ! i would not recommend this product to anyone !
this book is not a good buy . the format is horrible in the kendal addition . waste of time and money !
this gate is very flimsy and not very well constructed . would not recommend it for a puppy or a child .
unit falls off too easily and get stuck closed , we took it off for now .
top part is too thin , brittle to tighten . and the hole is too small for standard umbrellas such as zumbrella .
maybe passable by children standards , but these just tasted like plastic to me . cheesy plastic , chocolate plastic , and cinnamon plastic .
you can only get so far before you have to pay to move forward in this game . so frustrating . dislike !
cute design but not kosher as depicted in the item description varying heights on candles and shoddy quality mine came chipped
stopped working a month and two days after i received them just past amazon's return period .
. by any of my devices including my computer . ordered from blue p . arrived in plastic zip pouch . looked tampered with . this was my experience .
these specific refills that i purchased do not work ! i am very dissapointed with this purchase !
this screen is only a mirror . hard to see iphone screen in the daylight and is so so indoors . not recommended .
shipping was quick . however , i do not know why but product was not very effective . lasted maybe three weeks .
average , not worth it at all , don't waste time or money on it this item . slow shipping also . bad bad
i heard that on this game someone is listening to what you say . evan if your not playing the game .
it is a product of very poor quality and the price is very high . i don't like this product . sorry .
i just don't think he is up to par on this . his voice just isn't what it used to be .
i wish i could put zero stars it has to be within a foot of the bluetooth receiver
i thought i was buying itune gift cards and was really disappointed to find out that they weren't .
this case is probably worth about cents . i know better now than to buy anything other than an otterbox . awful .
it is just a view . a lot of the info is quite subjective and debatable . however it provokes a good discussion .
takes a long time to toast sour dough bread , unable to stop the toasting process unless you unplug the toaster .
within two months , the wallet was tearing away from the chain . i expected more from a dickies product . very disappointing .
i am highly unsatisfied with the product . they look very different than the picture . return process went very smoothly though .
this is a great read . i would give it five stars . must read more like it . thanks for writing it .
i tried to used but is no easy . i wanted the game for my daughter but i deleted the game .
the quality and taste not as good as chinese green tea . price is ripped off
the item was received defective . the plum was not filled with liquid . therefore it is useless !
i didn't realise i was paying for only one very simple project . i was expecting more for the money paid .
i got the product for which expiry date already finished . its an expired product . cheaters . waste of money . cheaters . i hate it .
product to me not really good for hair replacement units . did not hold my unit .
they do not stack like other snap warework well but store poorlyi dont have any thing else to say
would not work tried times no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
i dont feel this unit gives enough warning in most cases togive confidence . i would not buy it again
it burns , bad . my eyes swelled shut for days . had lots of green gunk coming out of my eyes .
terrible , doesn't work at all . even tried new batteries .
cotton on swabs is almost non existent and they are very flexible and will not clean your ears . do not buy !
awesome y'all should read it for real and i love love love it read the book now ! download it plz
these gloves arrived already broken and in unfixable condition . very disappointed would not recommend these to anyone else out there .
beautiful cup , but the image is not of a footed cup , as the description states , but of a flat bottomed cup .
pro's cutecon's smells like someone soaked it in gasoline . it isn't lined on the insideit seriously smells like chemicals sooooo bad !
image is down and the right too far off for display to correct without losing sync . no tech support .
not effective
this is not an app , but rather some basic information about what rooting is , and the advantages of rooting . ho hum .
this boot runs very smalli wear size , this was more like a . it was a nice looking boot too .
i think this was written by a sixth grader who hasn't yet learned to proof read . but it was free
i already know all this and it is pretty standard stuff . i thought i would learn something new . no good
it did not fit our camera or our baby monitor screen . quality is not great and hard to put on .
bought four none worked , all leaked . very badly made . waste of money
this product is not what i expected for the price , i will be returning the item . please send return information
sucks dont buy
i was dissapointed in this book . it is a list of jokes and they are all pretty lame .
when the package arrived , all of the makeup was crumbled and unusable . i had no choice but to return it .
it doesn't sound good in poland ! shes hmmm the worst polish singer . i think shazza is better and more natural !
the stories are read too fast . also , a selection of shorter stories would be more interesting to listen to .
with the toro riding mower i have , had to make adapter to mount the seat , but alot cheap then toro
yeah i thought this was a pack but its on cap i paid bucks for one cap don't buy
not a normal flow of a good odd book . odd is what is was . six more words top go eek
message on phone screen is that charging is not supported with this accessory . so it is usless for my needs .
good regards historic detail , confusing as regards explaining causes and not very good in connecting the relationships betwwen siginiicant players .
do not like it and it is just something i wanted to look at and then can't delete it . there
doesn't fit at all looks very cheap .
hi there iwas not able to run this on my computer , i asked for help and never got a response . vm
the watch is damage . i change the batery and is still not working . the watch was running and suddenly stopped .
the size is more like a handkerchief than a blanket . the material is very soft though . i wouldn't recommend it .
i did not receive this device on my kindle . you took me money , but you didn't give me the product .
the battery for this phone needs charging everyday even when not in use . phone drops call after minutes .
omg , no , did not like this . for some reason it did not satisfy my cravings .
i did not like this much on my kindel ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
terrible , i broke out in more cold sores than i've ever had in my life .
does not work and no receipt so i'm not sure how to return it . i couldn't be more disappointed .
no wonder they won't show a picture of these . even elton john on his worst day wouldn't wear these sunglasses .
it's very hard to open a can with it . i had one for several years and it worked very good
not much to keep you interested a bit trite in the plot little in the way of cohesion
not durable at all . disappointed with the quality of the sole . i had expected more from nunn bush . shoe was comfortable .
put these on road shoes . have not used but installation will be a challenge once shoe is on foot .
too slippery for my hands .
not good at all they don't click together hate it
it works but is not even the beats actual chord . not to happy with those but they work so whatever .
ibought this bikini thinking gottex but the bra is deformed somehow on the cups .
if you like the idea of eating bathroom cleaning supplies you will love these . if not , no , nope , hard pass .
another bonehead who knows all about war but never actually spent a minute actually fighting one .
the version was really bad , very hard to read in the kindle , i delete it straight away , very very poor quality , sigh .
this app gives me no challenge . my grand children couldn't figure out how to play . they thought it was stupid .
horrible ! ck out her new dance single 'back paradise' ! that 's the bextor we want to hear !
decent storyline , but its deveopment and writing style makes the book suitable for an eight to sixteen year old audience .
returning this laser . does not work . three shooters have tried . just don't work . have not mounted on pistol . can not get laser to come on .
liked the game , but did not like the ad pop ups . would not recommends this if you do not like ads .
just as the other user found out , the spacers break which clean the cutting heads and it is useless .
i couldn't upload it to my device and wasted money . my son needed it for school too bad
this item is much smaller and tighter than the photos suggest . i'm not a fan of the fit at all .
too busy for me ! not age appropriate for a year old girl . loli guess a young kid would like it .
writing is good . story moves . old friends and new introduced but it misses the punch and poetry of the master .
cheap cheap the colors are nice that's it it broke real fast don't buy you pay for what you get
horrible
bad things exist in life , let's all cry . wahh . feel better ? what you liked it ? oh well read this book .
i returned this booklet . i thought it was a compliation of the stories . my fault .
my son loved this toy for the approximately days that it worked . was a big disappointment .
they are good earring . they havent broke me out havent had problem with them i will get more of them
this is a copy of an american made product . do not be cheated by a cheap imitation
looks nice but has never worked as a clock . it's just too big to return !
i just don't like johnny mathis country music , a total mis fit for him ! his genre should remain in pop music !
the dvd is defective , only plays half of the movie , . down the drain .
i didn't finish this book because of the language and inuedous and the subject matter . so i quit reading it !
poor product , worst i have ever usedbe better off with nothing , save ur moneyactually makes problem worst than it was be
i found them contradicting themselves . there were no cited sources in book . they try to imply that the know everything .
this dress has opening between the folds of the wrap bottom part of the dress it not sewn together
its not to size , sizes appears to run small , pants doesn't have a string in the waist , just a plain rubber waist
i have trouble with this product and vista . i am unable to update mercchant services .
arrived dried out
this book was written from a or at the most girls viewpoint . i kept waiting for something to happen .
the screen protector only last for on week , the corners started peeling up . this was a waste of my money
made of very poor quality material . button loop broke the first time i put it on . fits children , not adults .
the back fell out after just one day . felt cheap and way too small .
only received the handle . the tamper was missing .
way way to sweet and had an artificial flavor . love peach gummy's , but these we very disapointing ! ! !
i se no benefits of this stuf at allseems like a scam to me . wasted my money on this one .
i started scanning over the architect stuff . then started scanning the serial murder stuff . and then just stopped opening it al together .
idea of this product is great but you can not start the game with the sword attached to the controller
this has to be marked as a jrs . maybe even girls top . it's really cute if it fit . sad . im returning .
you sent the tabu in the violin bottle instead of this . i think it's watered down . wanted version pictured .
i didn't care for this book . i found it to be depressing and degrading to women .
i felt this book was poorly written and had no real insight or answers unless you want to change religion
the delivery froze solid on my porch and burst the containers open . i will try again when it warms up
no work
should not have gotten this . no information on how to use and has not helped me find all my downloads .
i wish it came in a larger size . doesn't slip on the floor . i liked the color . i would recommend it
you get whatever you paid for . it prints with invisible ink . i do not recommend this product to any one .
i liked it because it was interesting it told more than can learn i loved it so much love like
i did not like this book . hard to follow the story . unbelievable . made me feel uncomfortable .
nothing really new . rather repetitive . most people know how halliburton has been ripping off the country for years
though thus product was super cheap , i never received it . do not order the charger , you'll just be out .
thought it did not make any sense whatsoever . not interesting at all . only will smith movie i did not like .
what does that little girl think humf actually i'm honestly tee hee i am so awesome oh yeah uhhuh .
took forever to get here . when i got it the colors on the case was faded off on some parts
it would not fit my lazy boy recliner . kept coming off the foot rest . that is why i returned it .
didn't work with my phone well .
i like the game except the pop up to go an upload different apps that cost many . i deleted it .
it has awesome simulations in it and fun it has fun graphics i hope you enjoy it and have fun
kept closing while in play . don't want to fool with a game in my rare downtime that doesn't work properly .
missing parts
these app does not work at all in any of my devices computers . a waste of my money and expensive too .
like the author says up front it's a book for people who want to believe what he is about to prove .
this cord is junk ! it stopped working after using it only times ! tried everything ! would like my money back !
nice little book , but not offering the fresh ideas for which i was hoping . find more ideas searching the web .
it is very comfortable but it loses communication with the pc at times , and sometimes the mouse pointer loses control
never received item . repeated attempts to contact seller have gone unanswered . do not buy from this seller !
the picture and description are false . not worth it at all . warning do not purchase !
i thought i was getting something else . i didn't want to create my own emojis , i wanted some already created .
it was a great book very funny and something that helps you learn to read more often i love it
not even the right item for this laptop computer
was not worth the cost of the book . it appears like someone simply copied and pasted the works of others .
when i learned it was the first of several i decided it wasn't how i wanted to spend my time .
thought this was a large print bible but was not , gave it to charity for someone else to use . thanks
much smaller than expected . hard to believe that its actually pounds . much too expensive for what you actually get
did not last flushes . for the cost it was a waste of money and i would not purchase again .
the game will only play levels and then it will crash , any levels there is no way around .
written like a first book . predictable and boring
the images are dull flat low contrast looking . you're better off using ink jet photo paper .
i order with size m but coming size xl , , that's very poor . i really dont like the item at all
the other battery operated candles work better . suggest selecting those with aaa or aa batteries . not the little round ones .
the infuser was too small .
x sized like an xl but cute shirts otherwise and delivered quickly . quality of material is good for the price .
this skyline backdrop product is not as described . it is a plastic tablecloth material with the design printed on it .
this product didn't make it a full year of use . the plastic threads completely cracked . the hose is unusable now .
i was unpleasantly surprised that this came just as the pendant , no necklace . yet , other products came with the chain ?
anything zynga related should be used w caution ! fun fun games with so many issues its not worth the frustration !
the case wouldn't snap onto my phone broken when arrived tried contacting company , never got a return . waste of money !
well , there's not much to say , the analizer simply stays on perfectly neautral no matter where i put it .
i enjoy a light murder mystery but this one in two chapters was too graphic for me . did not finish .
moved too much on the front of my boat
not sturdy enough to stay on and it tastes like paper . will never buy this product again . husband hated it .
completely died after only five or six uses , and wouldn't power up again at all . i'm not at all impressed .
does not work at all . what a joke . it creats another network , confusing and the range is tiny . do not buy !
the size was perfect but the paper is way to thing to be called construction paper if you ask me .
the coby product produces low quality images and does not display all the images loaded .
. cents doesn't seem to be enough to buy this game since i cant download it only kindle fire wtf ? ! ? ! ?
i cannot wear it
not true to size . i wear a size and the one's i got was more of a size .
should of just went to the post office but i was unable to leave the house
moves at a snail's pace . and one can only take so much of halle berry's overwrought facial expressions .
bad didn't meet our expectations , might make a good make up bag . basically useless . not sure what to use it for
the product description states this is a sulfate free shampoo . this is a lie ! the second ingredient listed is sulfate !
do yourself a favor and stick to gibbons as not a writer .
the motor burned out within two weeks of usage . this product is not made for daily usage . recommend purchasing cuisinart .
tacks for ever to lode . it is hard and not vere cool to seethe dinosaur . they don't move allot . such anemashenthe end
this did not work at all . terrible quality . not worth owning for any reason .
same as my other review same girl same work out i can burn one out and still have left
nothing . just one cd . no book , no userguide . for a foreigner like me . its . completely useless
way too small , very disappointed . besides it was too far to send back . so i blessed someone else with it .
not very well written or edited . had the opportunity to be a really cool book , but just didn't deliver .
i put them on my bed and they got holes torn in them within a week !
they would have probably been ok if i had ordered the correct length
these hemostats were cheaply made . i found them to be bulky . not recommended ever . i would not purchase them again .
memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .
i like the color . but always drop gold dust . the gold dust will follow your hand . i hate this . look like your hand dirty
the only reason i do not like this food is because my dogs do not like the taste of it .
it was not what i was looking for personally . i was looking more for something in regards to the glycemic load .
after listening to it with her i am less than impressed . but then i am an old fogey smile
no work ! it doesn't work ! it's too too too too bad . i cannot describe my feeling about the terrible laptop
not worth the extra bulk battery life is lasting only one day woild not recommend to anyone do not buy
you'll roll back your city each day you play ! they torn off a lot of the specs , server down every time ! ?
these earrings are not cute . same quality as dollar store earrings . these earrings are very cheap looking . do not like .
these candles smell so bad , they stunk up the entire house . do not waste your money ! i am returning them .
i am disappointed in this book because i thought it would have more information in it than i thought . thanks .
scratches much too easily . you will be forced to replace this much too often . i ended up going with skinomi .
this thing is huge and unwieldy . a giant leather notebook . prefer something smaller .
it is so stupid just a waist of space , time , and money even though my moms car is in there
not what i was hoping for . clock is smaller than expected and is loud .
very very unhappy . this looks like a bait and switch . i would not have paid the price for non organic
barely holds a feather duster with just the tape backing . maybe you'll have better luck than me . blah blah blah blah
program interface is poor . major windows clipping problems . unable to repair jpg with damaged header . would not recommend . all blow and no show .
wished it had been more thorough .
i found that this product was very drying to my hair . perhaps the jar vers ion would be better for me .
too small and will be retuning item !
this battery is no different from the battery i replaced . dissatisfied consumer , did not feel satisfied about replaced battery at all .
this is not the real youtube app . don't download it . when you open this on your device , nothing happens . frustrating .
i have lg optimus with metro pcs . will not install . looked like it would have been fun for my daughter .
several of the processes in the book don't work . after that i had no faith in using the book anymore .
didn't like it . thought it was boring . not at all thought provoking or worth my time . total waste of money .
thought were better !
not palatable whatsoever . returned it immediately . very disappointed after reading all the great reviews . i'll definitely look for something else !
about a third of the cases arrived broken . the rest are very flimsy plastic . stay away from this junk . really .
its sknhard and has a lot of glitches in it it freezes all the time om . about to delete it i
this is lighter than tshirt material . i was shocked . i am returning this item . it is not what i anticipated .
wanted no panty lines , but they are definitely there . would not buy these if that is a concern . really bummed .
only used this cable twice and the end fell out . not exactly the best quality
nothing differant except new names and carrectors . nevt year count me out , machan has all the money i can afford . no more
just didn't care for this particular scent . lotion is great tho .
i loved the first two book . i had trouble getting through the third book . i found the story line tedious .
these stools came with a pattern on the cushion not shown in the picture or description .
looks nice but offers no protection . was delivered broken and did not have a snug fit . not worth the money .
sucks not worth time to read . bad imagination no real events wastes a lot of time if you read the end
i didn't get the one i wanted . it was not grey , and it was not what it's in the picture .
every single dvd skips and the collection is completely unable to be watched . this was a total waste of money .
not very good book , did not enjoy or like it . do not know what else to say about this book .
this is the cutest thing and i can't get them to change the name ! silver chain as well ! very nice .
lid is hard to remove
within a few weeks , one of the screws that holds it together fell out . now it doesn't hold together properly .
don't buy , the case broke on the first drop . it protected the phone but should have sustained itself as we'll .
nice belt , but comes unbuckled very easily . otherwise it is very nice . as described looks like an airplane seat belt .
too big for heals . didnt stay on . worth the . per shoe to take to my local shoemaker . dont bother .
came crushed and dvds broken in a padded manilla folder . amazon should switch to a box .
too small and not what i expected
sound quit in hours good looking tv but when sound worked it sucked returned it and bought a panasonic
its a picture of a bib but it is a hat s its too cheap to return or i would've
plot a bit far fetched . hero too vulnerable , survived only through sheer luck .
we need to return this tape , the sound track is defective . speech not able to be understood . cant understand dialogue .
this adapter only lasted for months before the piece that plugs into the laptop separated making the adapter unusable .
worked for about a week . after that start giving error h . apparently the dvd motor is dead . its a pathetic !
no change in allergies
it broke the first time i used it . not exactly the durability i was looking for . but , it looks good .
the cat logo is the same color as the sweatshirt , you can not see it very well . i was disappointed .
worked fine while it lasted , but it broke after about a week
great concept , but doesn't work very well . the stars don't glow bright enough to be seen clearly .
this product was completely useless . these people have obviously never played the ukelele ! don't buy this ! it is a joke
it just never worked right from right out of the box .
beware ! this is just the back cover . be sure to read description . why would they sell just the back cover ?
this ice cube tray make fantastic ice . be carefull with the slider as it may get frozen to the tray .
the app requires money an i don't need to pay for something i already have . simple but true facts . lol . thanks
the camo part is already fading and i've only had it for about a week so that's not so good
didn't work for xbox one
way too technical . i couldn't even get through it . found it boring , not interesting .
this app sucks it wont take any photos and doesent even work it just takes up space i'm verry mad !
.
helicopter worked for one day ! tail rotor motor burned out nd day . poor quality . i will be returning this item !
nothing , didn't work for me at all . i'm so disappointed after reading all if the reviews . don't waste your money .
looks good but doesn't seal , leaks and doesn't hold the water in . really wanted to like this product , can't recommend .
the paint already chipped off a little after like two days
the stories are poorly written , they are out dated , you need better reporting . you can't just copy other peoples stories .
too hard and to complicated to work . the instructions leave a lot to be understood . will not buy anything extra .
this really suks , are all you people smoking too much dope ?
hated jake gyllenhall's character and the movie overall was just sad and depressing and way too much language and violence .
i purchased one from a store and the glass around the opening of the spigot was chipped so it leaked .
i ordered this product intending to use it for my septum but its waayyyy too small wouldn't order again
chasing the quickie kindle mess that even amazon requires me to add more words to , waste of time
received makeup but ordered two and still have only received one still waiting on the other one but great price
i regret buying this knife , did not live up to the endorsement it received from cooks . needs sharpening quite often .
problem is , mine didn't work . shipping it back .
i chose one star for this book . i found the story very slow moving and was unable to pique my interest .
i really liked the appearance of these boots , but they were way too narrow . very uncomfortable . they will be going back .
ithought when i purchased this it wound be great , but it put off very little heat . not recommended for purchase
publisher's weekly got it right in my opinion . the plot suffers from the disjointed narrative and long stylish descriptions .
i love the look of this watch' but when it came the clasp wouldn't stay closed , so we returned it .
not really what i was hoping for i was hoping for something like my grandmothers old recipe book . american family
hard to apply without bubbling .
case was broken when it got here both sad and bad . there was no point of returning it , was inexpensive
not enough family choices available as prime member .
one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time . just awful . no idea how this survived on broadway
i received this item wrong and i returned .
my dog is quite high strung and i thought this would help him though i saw no difference in his behavior .
to small , sent back
buy invisible shield its the best i have it on my iphone g and bought an extra one
should be titled a brief note ! really ? if i had known it was about pages long , i wouldn't have bothered !
the bulbs that work are just fine , however of the bulbs did not work fresh from the package .
this thing never worked !
only watched episode . just couldn't get interested in the movie .
the baklava was stale and tasted like rancid oil . i would never order this product again . it was just horrible .
terrible product . do not buy . hard to control and controls don't work if car is more than ft away .
too strong . takes away and drys up hair . would not recommend . it seems not to work for hair . reject it
lasted about months , before the belt clip tore off . great idea , but poor execution , i would recommend looking elsewhere .
doesn't handle thick batters well , tries to come off stand . not worth the bother , most hand mixers do better than this .
i only used it once . it made me hypoglycemic .
purchased for my spouse . not my cup of tea but he was very pleased
poor plot with shallow imagination . lest use of emotions and no expression of feelings . not worth reading even for once .
this product had a big line running through the middle of the page . i think it was old stock
does not work nearly as well as the originals from years back . would not recommend this to anyone else . dissapointed
nothing any woman hasn't read in any magazine ever ! a little simplified not much to this book at all
wrong product in correct package .
turbotax support confirmed that the business version will not run on a mac , despite the claim on this web page
extra small was too larger . never thought i would say that . i wished it would have fit me .
it not what i was looking for it was to small to do what i wanting to do with it
the picture is very tiny and blurry . its cute but it is not ad it is pictured in above . disappointed .
let's just say that i slept throught the whole film . dont waste your money on the village its horrible .
both ends are . headphone jacks . both ends are . head phone jacks instead usb charger i needed usb charger charger
not enough wax , too much petroleum jelly . it is clear though which most waxes are not .
don't buy this item . camera connection kit is not supporting to ipad . i tried sdhc card and usb both didn't work .
sorry . pretty solid pg fan . sorry . awful record . sorry . you won't listen to it . sorry . you won't like it . sorry . if you buy it , you'll be . sorry .
this design has been stolen from the original artist . please support independent artists by removing this product from this site .
all chargers do not charge !
i was hoping to love this as i love having ideas for may nailsthis didn't really let me do much
they don't really grip the pavement too good .
interesting but i found it too shallow . i was dissapointed . it was like reading headlines only .
not for every one , but for the price they are usable . gave mine away . small , small , small . go figure .
sorry , but thanks .
stinks . i no longer have a machine . my business laptop became toy . the goofy tiles get in the way .
have not seen any difference with my hair except for drying it out . i would not order it again , sorry .
does not work cannoct be connected to tv defective end cable
this should have a handle on top . it is almost impossible to left the lid without getting butter on it .
not what i needed at all . very little useful information , could not tell from preview . not searchable , no road maps .
i does not even workwhen you plus it in it take a long time to charge . not even worth it
again the delivery was great but in less than one iminute my golden chewed through this frisbee
it's not the liar's clubgirls who grow up with people similar to her family , have many more bugs to decode .
it broke before i even got it . i guess made in china is sure beginning to mean cheap worthless material .
this game had amateur graphics . the levels were short and very easy with small obstacles . don't waste your time . . .
i had expected this to be ella with duke's band . mostly it wasella and a trio . the title is misleading .
it felt very tight . i had to take it off . it needs a strip of velcro to make it work .
please don't buy this app i was so disappointed about it i almost threw my kindle fire across the room .
larger size needles . do not have a good point . hard to pick up yarn .
cheeply built and the nut inserts pull out of the bottom of the legs . i hand to glue them in .
does not fit my dsc t
i was interested in how and what jefferson ascribed to the words of jesus . good human interest .
very unhappy ! i only received one when the product description clearly says set of four are included in the price .
the seat covers that i ordered for my truck where garbage , they were ripped and did not fit my truck
did not work with sony ps . could not get audio to work .
very simple thriller that you'll finish in an hour or two of reading . nothing unique about it , but still entertaining .
the only item not like itbut the other items are like itthanks so muchi recomend to friends
i cant use it because the battery doesn t work ! i need to buy a new battery to use it
it cause allergic to may baby this diapers i use only less the haf no more munchkin for me
read review on i clicker pack ! i bought into the hole deal and it is not effective for me ! sorry
i won't waste anything , so i made myself eat them .
this was so so , not to thrilled , very opaque . would keep searching for a better fit . used on iphone s .
same as above , wrong case for my phone , thanks for the false advertisement . any magic beans for sale as well ?
to heaven and backthe book was too evangelical . i was looking for objectivity , not a sermon on the mount .
completely disappointed . don't waste your money . if corporate hr departments are reading this it would explain their approach to hiring .
i was very disapointed , a complete waste of money . i am returning it .
they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .
the battery and charger doesn't work together . battery is the wrong model and doesn't work with the s min too .
ordered purple but received brown . not very happy when opened gift for xmas not sure how to get right colornot happy
after i backed up many gigs of movies and files , it just died . what else can i say ? dead .
it doesnt function correctlypics do not look as nice as i thought they woodpurchased by mistake and it sucks
this is a great product . my go to for dimensional adhesive but not at that price . disappointed in amazon .
this item is to cheaply manufactured . it stop functioning in a very short period of time . my fault , very inexpensive purchase price .
i thought it would be a pull of mask , but alas , it was a wash off . will try another brand .
my star came in an odd shape , nothing like the picture .
this item was not as shown or described by description . its golden brown not light brown sheet set . dislike color
maybe it's me , but i simply could not get it to cooperate with my imac . also , feels chintzy , badly constructed .
i have an epson nx . the list of printers it works with has everything except my printer . that's is disappointing .
bought this and did not know its from ireland . i cant even watch this in my own dvd . very mad .
not as comfortable and soft as expected . had to return .
will not recommend to a customer . the product doesnt work at all . it was a waste of money to me
out of box , followed instructions . warmed up once no fog , then stopped working . tried to contact manufacture , got nothing . complete waste of money .
good hardware . immature operating system . not many supported application . wifi connectivity problem , that requires switching wifi on and off periodically .
the book was not a book , it was more like a brochure . very disappointed . even though the book was free
the item works but it did not work in my vehicle so i guess its an ok productthis this
all pieces function separately . the three non keypad parts just have a switch on the side for off , chime , or alarm .
amazon has this item incorrectly listed ! they are shipping the single user version as pictured !
made kind of cheap , won't stay upright without bracing . wind cups and arrow won't turn unless there is a tornado .
after about uses , all of the that i have purchased and leaked ! i would not buy this item again !
this is not what i was expecting . mainly just a sticker . and for the price , not worth it . very disappointed .
battlefield modern combat on the original xbox was better than this garbage . you can't even drive civilian vehicles . total waste .
the case as such fits the iphone but the rubberized material is chipping off and looks really bad .
very basic horror stories that need to be proof read and edited . seem to be written by a young teen .
was a bad product , no one could hear me , it failed the water test a month after i got it .
very rough in detials
very poor quality be aware ! didn't even used it once and a major piece in the wheel broke so .
i like the brand life stride but i do not like this shoes . it fits big and just not attractive .
awesome ! i love this book so much . i'm glad i got nothings fair in grade for my kindle fire
terrible , made too much racket the first time it was plugged in . quit working after two weeks . very disappointed .
dont buy , it not good and not worth to buy this . it is so small and cheap
i was a good case at first , but broke after one month , for this price , you could find something better .
en . this tape is really thick and uncomfortable to wear . also , it is hard for me to cover it with makeup
this app is garbage its not the original game and the game mode it comes with sucks . do not buy .
i bought of these for xmas presents and both have ripped . made me look pretty cheap ! save your money don't buy .
this product was poorly made . it is filled with bugs and is not worth buying .
i hate this product it all stopped working within week .
its not big enough for much food and the zippers fell off and the strap will not stay in place
the pan is too thin and burns anything that it cooks . good for heating water , but terrible for cooking anything
both of my dogs are pretty easy to please when it comes to treats , but neither of them liked these .
i returned this planter . while it was very pretty it was way to heavy for my purpose . sorry i couldn't use it .
it is very pretty . not sturdy doesn't close properly . but it is cute . i like my other cover best .
i have owned two of these coffee makers and neither has lasted two years . both units the heating elements went out .
this was disappointing . don't bother . it was just a round about idiot fest . katniss must be the dumbest character ever .
just stopped reading my cf cards after only two months and probably uses . i would not recommend this reader .
dont buy this game ! there is no point to it . it sucks . don't buy it . i hated it !
not easily , asthetically pleasingly adjustable . kind of cheap
small . good for half of a twin bed . seems sturdy but causes bed to squeak a little .
have never recieved this item and not been reimbursed for it either . don't know where they are
this is bad because its super slow . never get games from g itd . just , its to crappy . sincerely , upsetp . s . don't buy !
this is way smaller than the picture leads to believe , not worth . ripoff
only one side works .
broke out my neck after being outside and sweating . i will wait for cooler weather to use this product again .
the food was never kept warm even for minutes . i did not like it and waste of money and time
messy , sloppy , didn't work , put ink all over the inside of my printer . yuk !
the mp fits but if you need to charge it or connect the earphones you have to remove the case !
it's just a mini wisk and doesn't do really anything . not worth your time and energy to order this piece .
seems its not made for salt water . the magnet slider for the record button will rust and will get stuck
this is gmo . stay away . stop buying this garbage . it will make you sick . show me something comparable with no gmos
absolutely horrible product . no suction at all . a total waste of money .
yeah , i gotta go with the bad reviews here . not a good read . not from any angle .
within wk looked old and didn't work most of the time . white cracks and looks dirty . would not recommend .
clumsily plotted , overly long , and atrocious dialog . some nice explosions , though . it honestly makes the avengers look like citizen kane .
i couldn't get into the book . just not my type of story i guess . i wouldn't really recommend this one .
it is very hard to put on and close the clasp , left handed or right handed . bracelet is very large .
out of all my seeds only one grew i was so disappointed would of liked a lot more to grow
it didn't work . when i connect laptop vga output by using this adapter converter to my tv , it shows nothing .
i have used my unit about times and though it still plays tapes , the dvd side is inoperable . typical .
after a couple months of no usage of my laptop with it , battery , still fresh , is found dead for good .
it did not work , i threw it out .
this thing is junk
the book is full of self important drivel . as a result , it lacks clarity and coherence .
came with a broken h key , not new clearly and packaging damaged . boo .
one owl was cracked . one owl wouldn't stay connected . one owl couldn't be opened . very cheaply made . would not recommend .
well it's nice looking , colors are fun , but very , very touchy that it changes the settings , and alarm would be nice .
not good read it in hour very simplistic does not handle the title waste of time
blanket is warm but once you wash it the material bunches up and looks old . i wouldn't recommend this blanket .
does not do anything
the glass is too thin . doesn't stand up if you put in the freezer it falls apart . inferior quality .
app sucks not what advertised . complete waste of time merry christmas . amazon owes us a better free app for christmas
bought one , audio crackledreturned , audio didint workreturned , audio worked on one sideim going to just get a refund now .
i hate giving bad reviews but this story i just did not like and i did not like the ending .
this was cheaper than the other ones , but not very well made . also , doesn't look like the picture .
ha first one . yahoo . so i don't think its bad very game . a waist of time . don't get it . ok
phone is easily dislodged from cip when sitting . already lost it once temporaily . it has very limited use .
have not received this item and have contacted the seller twice and have not heard from the seller . please help
to plug in the uk . first time thought it was the wall socket , then realized its a product design problem .
as described but didn't come with battery , which is a downfall so i haven't used it yet . bummer for me .
piece of junk doesn't even work , worst charger i have ever bought !
not at all what i wanted to see in a weather app . just couldnt get it to show like i wanted .
cheap , not worth the , wanted to return only would of had to pay to ship , again not worth it .
definitely not worth the money . didn't do a thing for us but get in the way . better products out there .
they pretty much don't work . the static is much louder than who ever is speaking . don't waste your money !
wasting money on an album like this makes me want topirate music .
too hard
whats to stop the phone from smacking you in the face . im guessing they left forgot about that in development
not when you still have to buy as much as you do here . deleting and freeing up space and money .
there just arent enough examples , your basically trying to solve the problems at the end on your own , bad book .
i received a meelectronics sport , not a sport fi . thus , the . price savings turned out not to be true . sucks
cleaving by julie powell should not have been published . no real story exists , just blog , blog , blog .
disappointing
it should have been called cheaters almost uncensored try cheaters uncensored . that's the only real uncensored one .
this could be useful , but the cover just won't stay where it should . it was a disappointment . save your money .
did not snap on phone
like wearing plastic bag . i get hotter and sweat more in it . i expected it to be cooler than cotton . it wasn't
this came with floppy disks . modern computers , including mine , can't deal with it . cds are the norm . w . patrick lang
i was unable to get this product . and , as i recall , the price was outrageously high . i was very disappointed .
do not buy , product is cheap and when it arrived , does not fit description and screen scratched ! save your money !
purchased these a year ago . still have never recived them . i paid for these and i have not recived them .
i did not like . terrible material ! do not waste your money on this . it is not worth it at all .
piecs of junk , its made poorly , cracked in shipping , couldnt even try out , i suggesta refundlthis thing is garbage , waste of my money too
shoe fits well and feels good , but the velcro on the strap is already peeling away in only months .
the sheets came with tiny holes already in them . they were not soft and silky . nothing luxuria about these sheets .
not very comfortable . infortunaby they will be returned as my feet are not happy campers with this particular style shoe
this dvd is listed as ntsc but the one i got was pal format and is unplayable .
doesn't last more than hours . attachment bands would be better if they were not wing nuts . pretty bright light .
not worth it
way to thin . dogs put tears in it way to easily by just climbing out of pond .
this is the nastiest tasting vitamins i have ever had ! i just can't take it . it literally gags me . sorry .
product was described as boiled wool , latex sole , soft wool upper . item received was polyester . item will be returned .
this one really sucks ! what more can i say . if there's a follow up , i'll wait for paperback and read the reviews .
looks like i tooled from my grand mom closet . . .
the material is too thin poor quality .
the movie was offensive and not funny . i didn't like the vulgarity and racism ! i would not recommend this movie
i have tried times now to get into this book . i am not at all connecting to the characters .
case doesnt fit properly . it snaps on wrong than dont wanna come off . you pay for wat u get
voice takes over the music seems your listening to a pa system not karaoke , needs more mixing capabilities in it
i like this game but it wont work on my computer i'm very disappointed . hope you don't get this game .
trash doesnt even hold decks
after a week it didn't work but it only worked on my ipad but not ipod would not get again
made in taiwan . the description says that's it is long . not true . i returned and bought the ontario .
this product didn't do a thing for me . i went with miralax and that worked .
the color of the mat was completely mis advertised . it was blue and gold or yellowish instead of bamboo tan .
not reliable . now i need to write more words to get this published . how now brown cow cow cow ?
cheap skirt . looks like a middle schooler made it . very ugly
not needed , since i returned the kindle .
does not really fit the tungsten e very well . you should pass on this !
i got the game free , and i still feel like i was ripped off . this game really is that bad .
it didn't fit
the material was very thin . the picture on the box shows through making the cover useless . nothing else to say .
it worked when it first arrived , but the solar charger never worked . after the first night there was no light .
i just wanted to fit this into my pocket . it is too fat and wide for that . good price though .
my sons remote only has two bottons . i did try to install the electronics but it did not fit . failed
i bought this battery about months ago . the battery just gave out . the battery will not accept a charge .
do not buy ! it fell apart within weeks of use do not buy junk junk junk junk junk junk junk
unfortunately this author has not studied her period and there were many anachronisms . it was frustrating and nothing really happened .
it was not what i was expecting . i was thinking love pick up lines and i didn't get that so no
the book needs more work so it could be better . maybe the author needs more time to develope his style .
i got too same books . it should've been a book for men and a book for women . . .
they gave me a green and pink one i wanted that black and grey one as seen on the picture
shoe is too large . the next size down would be too small . too bad crocs do nto make sizes .
this book is awful . i downloaded a copy so glad i did not buy it and waste my hard earned money .
didn't work out for me , that's all really . good app , just not for me ya know . decent though , i suppose
the design flaked off within a few weeks of moderate use , leaving a silver background . it is kind of disappointing .
boring , trite and generally a waste of time . nothing here to excite , wonder about and to reccomend to another reader
the free version has more of a selection of blades than the paided one ! dont get paid , get free ! grrr
waste of money ! i have not made it past the first or even half way through and now worthless junk !
its an okay product . it was working fine until it stopped working a week after it arrived to my house .
i'm an avid gardener and can usually make the most difficult plants come alive but not this one . they never sprouted .
sorry , i can not really rate this book or give a review because i purchased this book for my father n law .
it did not work well all the stains stayed the same so i was not very happy with the prodoct
mindless and repetitive . same countries over again unless you pay extra for the priviledge of a supposed free game .
doesn't lay correctly as a necklace can see why it was on sale . expect more from kate spade products .
i think i got a bad one . doesn't hold a charge . for the price i'm just calling it a wash
not making them like they used to and it's sad ! avoid these at all cost ! you have been warned lol
described as having blank inserts which means the tabs that come with it and they are missing from my order .
doesnt worktach still reading lowwired up to specs and nothingvery disappointed with this over priced unit . would like money back
will be going on my rd one in less than a year .
i wanted the product to rub on my aching joints . direction claimed do not apply to skin ?
it did not fit my bike ? i'm not sure why it did not fit also shipping was slow .
this item is horrible . lights hold moisture and eventually cause lights not to work . i would never recommend this item .
this thing only worked for a week . now it wont even connect to any computer the device is not recognized
needed to know more about the villain and why he committed such heinous crimes . what made him become the ripper .
hard to pedal , fan very loud and no seat adjustment knob came with the bike . went to bike shop for service .
the worst ever i know is cheap price but seem like somebody use
game does not work properly . much too large for a small screen and when made smaller it doesn't work right
no breaks no guiding not a fun game worst ever just drive a bike car plane anything but this one
it will not stand up and keeps falling over . it is very frustrating because it was a lot of money
outer shell is well made , inner shell is cheap felted plastic , not impressed at all . need a few more words
when i got the cartridges i installed them and they were both dried out . didn't work in the printer at all .
oh , my goodness . i could not mask the taste . it was awful ! i would not recommend this product to anyone .
they're really nice but they're too small
wasn't a typical true crime book . it was too intense . i would not recommend it . it was really very horrific .
it works ok with my windows xp but not with windows . i have not tried calling tech support yet .
i finally just bought the teas book from the ati testing website . these were a waste of time for studying .
they were smaller than expected and presented in the photo . in the smallest one it is nearly impossible to pub anything .
thought this was a childrens game . i soon uninstalled the game . will not do it again . not for younger children
one of the poorest cordless phones i have ever owned ! no no no no no no no no no no !
they provide you with a case . no way to fit the glasses into it without breaking them . all said , very unsatisfactory !
we used it for a small blow up raft , and it fell apart on the first day of using it .
although it left a nice smooth and shiny surface once applied , it did not last on the car .
i am very happy with my new cd . thanks fot attention
too shallow . too much beginner's philosophy , i've seen deeper philosophical discussion of thebooks on various forums and discussion boards
not compatible with any lte networks in america . get the i instead if you just want g .
it didn't work . i plugged it in and nothing would happen . both computers i own would not read it . garbage .
first one was punctured , they replaced it and the replacement was punctured as well , obviously not a very good quality
oh hell no ! i can't afford this ! i'll just buy a hyundai sonata and keep my watches in that instead .
this one that i got does not work correctly it is suppose to open a can ! it does not !
this idiot teen mom is an devout atheist , which is fine , but . she completely believes in mermaids , need i say more ?
after the first chapter , i lost interest . too cumbersome . if this story is opted for a movie , i won't go !
its not even compatible unless you jailbreak your apple device and then buy a app from a website , very disapointed
the latch broke after uses junk junk junk just like everyone else's . i wouldn't recommend it . don't buy beware .
this of course just highlights the greed of the studios . please bring up a real blu ray release
compass does not function correctly . you will get lost very quickly . the light is weak , but the level works well .
nice ! great price . made my year old headphones like brand new again , no need to spend money on a new set .
i was very disappointed with this calendar because it ended with june of and was not a complete year .
this controller gives you no control . button response is terrible . nice design but don't waste your money on this product .
i need more info about the book and author before i'd buy it .
only wordi have for this is meh . i really don't know were all the star reviews are coming from .
don't buy very cheaply made . bags tear and zippers break even when so careful
this book is too advanced for my purposes . i will have to save it for later years with the grandkids .
it broke the second time i put it on . i will be returning it asap . very dissapointed in the quality
very poor quality , will avoid this brand in the future . i guess you get what you pay for . poor choice .
these cables are not the cables pictured . they are not samsung cables and do not fit in some samsung phones .
can i leave no star ? this brush is terrible . loose hairs every time i used it . dont waste your time
the butt part of the yoga pants were just way way to big but length wise fit good
no real story to it . just sex the whole book through . really not worth the money
this scanner has a three month warranty . some quick research shows that many others have a one year warranty .
one jump and the handles came apart in my daughters hands . we used some superglue to put it back together .
simple installation device driver incompatible with windows xp . tech support not able to offer any solution . would not recommend purchasing
i like my hand better . it's not as good as my hand . my hand kicks this thing's ass . go hand .
terrible junk doesn't work cant' believe a product could be made so poorly .
it is not as powerful as it seems . very disappointed with its performance . will not recommend for any industrial application .
nothing new , nothing fun . its a really desapointing , short with out valu eacute information . not interesting , not new , not recomended
wrong item , not happy
was much smaller than what it looked like on site .
the gloves are already coming apart and ive only wore the once . i would not recommend these gloves to anyone else . thanks !
the authors actually have bond gritting his teeth at one point ! james bond , gritting his teeth ? never ! a pathetic rip off .
colors not what i recieved . part the keeps in place broke on of them
just pay a little more for the name brands . they don't look like the picture . the stitching's pretty bad , too .
the title creates visions' of grandure however you could probably find a better book at homedepot .
it appears you have to buy the puzzles before you can play . i've tried finding free ones but gave up .
the writing in this book is terrible . it's hard to take an author seriously when their writing is this poor .
sorry but this cd was a major disappointment for me . don't think i'll get another from this artist .
fit could be better
freezes after three or four questions . sorry that i paid for this one . would have neenbetter off with free apps .
can't even get an galaxy s without a protective case iphone s does fit , do not buy for galaxy s
it simply does not curl the lashes . it doesn't heat up much . it doesn't heat up very much . it's cumbersome .
poor workmanship , high prices
more hidden object games . between these and tower defense games i think a can cover like nearly all android games
eh , didn't fit right and doesn't glow like it says it does
gift cards are always easy to give and you can get almost anything you want with an amazon gift card .
a billioniare does not need to get married to escape a girlfriend or please his mam . very unconvincing weak plot .
not the quality i expected .
i got it on time but did not work , it just won't pair with any phone , i don't know why .
this is a good product and fit my fire hdx . perfectly , but i think it was extremely over priced .
this movie was horrible on all levels even though that one chick is eye candy
didn't hold up too flimsy
i had this app for a minute and i already uninstalled it from my kindle in . other words useless app
seems to be very inaccurate . if you need a paperweight perhaps .
listen to tkburkett . the fur elise gets old fast and you'll regret buying it . it works but that's about it .
didn't last long cheap made moved my tv out some and the darn thing broke not a good buy .
without a toc for this two book combo finding any chapter is a chore and unless for my reference needs .
for all you loser scousers out there . show your jealous side , or you could stay true to type and rob one !
of the several of this series that i have read , this was the poorest . plot seemed contrived . character development poor .
it was a nickel finish not what was advertised
data on screen is absolutely to small . , otherwise the device would be ok . i would not recommend it to anyone .
same thing happened to me ordered nighttime but they are not as advertised ! returned them , very frustrated ! please fix description
what self serving drivel . please . i would give a negative star rating if i could . what a waste of time .
the head broke the first time i used it and could not be put back on .
somewhat the size that i usually bought is smaller due to the design of the model . this is quite disappointing
this was marketed as an app . it should have been marketed as an interactive comic book in the book section .
it's not the victoria secret bathe suit , bottom is too big . i don't even know the bottom piece was included
was not what the posted image showed . was bright orange and green buttons and trimming . not what i had ordered .
the gun has no sound . i wish the manufacture would have check the product before selling it to their customers .
its been like months now that i havent got it . dont order this product its a rip off !
the tea got here quickly and is exactly what i expected . glad to have it . thanks so much for everything .
this looks like the dumbest and most disgusting ever and i havent even got it and it seems so deranged
poor quality , charges intermittently and won't work to transfer files . i suspect it is simply a very low quality product .
this is a white paper , not a book . one would hope the chairman of the fcc would know the difference .
to much of of mess to mess with
i ordered large right . i sent me medium right . wrong size . i need large right to support my right toe .
did not work . tried to give it to a friend to use and he returned it to me . junk
i didn't like this book and never finished it . do not know what else i can say . waste of money .
i was deliver a solar light instead of my microphone the heck is going on ?
ok this is really not cool . haven't even read the thing and i'm already having to write a review . craziness !
the item was open and not the right item inside . the original item was replaced with a maybelline liquid eyeliner
sorry but not even my kids wanted to finish seeing this video . they never touch it again .
game would not work kept shutting off
the condition of the book was not as good as described with of the pages completley detached . edges ragged
there were so many people in this book that it was difficult to follow . the book was confusing and boring .
outside interference prevalent . those to whom you speak complain they cannot hear you . waste of money .
my cats did not use this scratcher , so i donated it to a shelter . it is made entirely of cardboard .
this stuff did nothing . if there was a zero star it would get it . save your money folks , quite disappointed .
seller explicitly said new harcover , i recieved a used softcover , in sub par condition . i would not buy from them again .
no voltage regulator , so rechargeable batteries don't work . not worth even star but you have to put something in .
i wanted the cap that's in the picture ! but what i got is some snapback hat with a flat brim
this necklace is made poor . terrible quality . jem is very pretty . the silver was tarnished and is very flimsy cheap .
too off the wall didn't hold my attention couldn't follow a single story line past the first chapter stopped reading
those night sweats and the jittery feeling for days , along with that ever present craving must have been my imagination !
i don't really care too much for the gaff , because it does not hide the bulg like it's suppose too .
run and my daughter hit a snag orsomething and it popped . boy was shesad . too thin .
this is insulting to christians everywhere . i find it hard to believe that someone paid money to produce this drivel .
not funny , not believable . sandra bullock role was reduced to trying to look shocked . no one liked it in my family
junk
get this to take off my car wiper and it it broke the first time i used it no good
sharpened great at first , but after weeks of personal use maybe pencils sharpened it broke !
the taste is almost unbearable . sadly i wanted to like this product but i just can't stand the taste . awful .
this turned out to be a weird , light beige color , not the soft pink i was hoping for . very disappointed .
phone clarity could be better . occasionally i will get feedback while talking . it sounds like an echo .
ncstar ar z type carry handle mount part didn't fit . rail was uneven and didn't seat level . wouldn't recommend .
thought it would have more repetition . or more memory games
did not live up to my expectations . i guess the word novelties should have been a giveaway .
boring and badly written . cliche after cliche trying to sound intelligent . caleb carr probably regrets being associated with this bomb .
the quality of the product is very disappointing .
lovely packaging . very weak flavor . i have tried a couple of brands . still searching .
this product doesn't have the fabric tags so it likes an used piece and it's not good for a gift .
another game i will not be purchasing due to drm .
wire feed mechanism quit working within the first five minutes . i returned the unit it for refund .
shallow plot offering plenty of occasions for gratuitous graphic violence . nevertheless , acting and aesthetics are rather good .
this piece of s dose not work at all its such a rip off don't not get it never works
total waste of time . takes about seconds to play . monotonous . music which can be turned off is extremely annoying .
in my personal opinion , this book leaves a lot to be desired ! it just seemed likethere was something missing to me !
have yet to find the right italian program . i'm italian , brought up in an italian household . go figure .
this lcd screen cannot be compared to original blackberry display . colors are not rich and viewing angles are wierdly terrible .
i can't give less than .
the case cracked near where the charger goes for the price it should last more then weeks
its a shame ! this thing does not for the device . a total waist of money . these people should be sued !
i wanted a darker color . they are not wine colored . they are thinner than my thread count sheets . not what i expected .
this movie was like so dumb . save your money . seriously !
cheap quality and break with little use . i would never buy these again .
point , click repeat . start over . point , click repeat . start over . point , click repeat . start over . this game is ultimately boring beyond belief .
stopped working after months . must be electrical . besides , the suction on the hand tools suck pun intended . cannot recommend .
save your money . simply google mark cuban and you will find more real information about his life and business success .
it sucks big time
i followed all the instrction , but i only lost pounds
did not keep gold color at all . faded after week after wearing , low cost and the color shows why .
just doesn't seem like the ones that i had before . i am not buying this kind of biscuits online anymore
they worked good for a while but one of them already stopped working
if you want a grinder that will work for a couple of months , this is your unit . don't buy it .
this product was not what i expected and didn't meet my needs very disappointed i wouldn't recommend for anyone
too much fantasy , there are so many pages that are a big bore , i would not recomend it to anyone
this deodorant has an odor of its own ! none of this spicy , gender neutral crap it flat out stinks .
i returned it because it failed to heat enough ! not a good deal if it doesn't work . a waste of money .
wasn't what i was expecting . misplaced clips so they're basically useless . wouldn't buy this product again . i was verydisappointed .
this prouct did not arrive . this product did not arrive . this product did not arrive . this product did n to arrive . jerry lquire
umbrella arrived bended . the pole broke in a week . used times . save your money . don't recommend . very poor quality .
ralph ellis tells the story of how he was plagiarized and then blackballed by robert bauval and random house publishing . .
the head sheared off after months of use . impossible to find a service center that is still in business .
the product don't meet my expectations . its really bad quality . i am very disappointed with the merchandise . bad , bad , bad .
the display is way too dark and almost impossible to read accurately during the day time .
i ordered the bare pink . the color is not pastel it is a muddy color pink . not attractive for me .
the wires used for cutting came apart on first use while slicing strawberries . it was a complete waste of money .
too large
broken bow , sloppy bridge and weak stringsthis item is a low quality and i can't return it . very bad
it didn't work for me at all it slid down constantly during my run but fit really tight otherwise .
the kids didn't approve . they think it's a little bland . hard to please when sugar is rampant in their diet .
this book had several errors in ingredient lists and misspelled word in the methods section in some of the recipes .
never received this
think b sides of up , which wasn't that good either . craig
i did not understand how to start . i will try again today today .
glad these are available for low price poor graphics , spotty rather than encyclopedic coverage of subject . not worth much if anything .
a pos
awful movie that is just ridiculous ! do not waste your time or money with it . vince vaughn had done better
orded asst . sizes . received all size
sex explicit scenes , not family friendly tv series . i strongly suggest some guidance , maybe there is but i missed it .
i thought it was bigger . small , too small for my humidifier . nsd jffdo dssoj dsjfdsiosd sdjsdosdjsd osdds spo dsnf fad
this product leaves a residue on your flat screen . i am very disappointed with the product and consider it defective .
not what i received . no credit card slot in the back . just a plain case
not what i thought it would look like , it's pretty simple . i guess it goes with the price
when i start ir to use them find out they were not confortable .
this gun really isn't what i was looking forpros shoots fastcons low round magdoesn't shoot farhard to assemble
this product can not be review by me because i have not receive the product since . and today .
i have tried the kit but my baby prefered dr . brown's and nuk nipples and etc . i'll return this kit
had to return , did not work on the first day . was making a loud noise and did not start up .
poorly written . too many characters . plot doesn't hold together .
it said it was a hardback book but i got a paperback book . i feel cheated , need i say more ?
never ordered this amazon you are lousy !
i thought the heel cup would help planter facetious . did nothing ,
not enough detail as compared to the regular paper . not worth the time . google or yahoo headlines just as good
este producto no ha llegado por favor informar al respecto enviar el tracking para reclamar a la empresa de envios
this stuff is awful , over salted and terribly flavored . i'm throwing it away . maybe a landfill could use it .
i ordered old spice after shave original . you sent old spice after shave classic . wrong not my fault , what do ii do now . ?
get the ball with the red dots all over for this ball i think is only used to teach breaking .
kind of slow moving . having problems getting interested in the characters . wouldn't pay for this house of cards was free ?
does not have a universal screw attachment point for the pole .
doesn't work properly . i've returned product to find a product that works . great in theory , but mechanics didn't pan out .
this case was way too loose for my iphone and seemed very stretched out . would not recommend this product !
found it bland and boring . i didn't see anything particularly innovative or intereresting about this album .
stupid movie . do not even waste your time . it was just awful . lost hours of my life . f boo
baby , baby is full of self centered , self serving characters and mediocre dialogue . don't waste your money .
did nt work on my desk top computer , so i am using it on my laptop . will return soon . thanks
buy this movie only if you are totally bored and have nothing else to do .
really ? this is a joke . what a waste of time . after first use it doesn't work and needs to be reinstalled .
this is a pirated version of the new york concert ! do not buy this product !
this product was sub par , out of attempts to print , worked , i was very disappointed in this advertising
caused painful skin irritation the way around my thigh ,
these sheets are not at all soft and have a very strong chemical smell ! i sent them back !
puzzles are not what i expected . i like picture puzzles . i will be removing this from my kindle . thank you
i also typed in virtual family and got this ! what the heck ! plus , three bucks for a taser game . really ? ! ? ! ? !
item haven't came in yet . waitng since may
its a fun game but really bad on my kindle ! same problem as everyone else keeps freezing ang being glitchy .
it's a nice shirt i can't even fit half of my body in it because it's so small . thanks though .
the acting and just about everything else about this movie was lacking . sorry , but this went in the donation pile .
still no luck regulating or conceiving . just hoping for the best . the taste to the tea ia strong , but tolerable .
the download wouldn't work . i was disappointed with the purchase , i wouldn't recommend it to anyone to buy the game .
to operate it and it didn't work with my mobile phones . it's not well designed , seems thrown together without thought .
the tip of brushes are too soft . overall , you get what you paid for . not a quality product at all ! period !
terrible movie that only scares the viewer with screamers that happen throughout the entire film . don't recommend to anyone . bad .
this book isn't nearly detailed enough to qualify as a civil discipline review book . definitely not worth the high cost .
i have already read all of this annnddd got alllll the questions right do not buy trust me on this
very long pointless film with very little footage of john wayne .
did anyone use this on the floor ? sorry about the two stars only star but i didn't buy it yet .
if you are a size , i would recommend getting sizes up . otherwise it is a nice looking shoe .
had it for a couple weeks and it broke from getting dropped once . very slick and hard to hold onto .
is not working fine . the system hangs up all the time .
walhberg was horrible in this movie , the only thing i liked even a little was the rock who i found funny .
not even sure how to use it . it's not doing popping up on my computer .
way overpriced . you can buy them cheaper .
no sound ! deserves stars . waste of coins .
this hat is nice and warm , but the color was nothing like the picture . i kept it , but am disappointed .
i used it religiously for weeks and nothing ! and yes , i used sunscreen , etc , etc , . the worst product ever .
i could have used a plastic bag . does not work well at all . does not secure like it supposed too .
this got so dirty and disgusting and was impossible to clean ! i would never buy another one of these again .
instructions were very clear and easy to follow , but it just didn't work for me . have to find another option .
the strips do not stay on at night . i followed the instructions to the letter . do not by this product .
it broke down and didn't have enough power to get off the ground . i was very disappointed . it looked cool .
do not buy this if your goal is to transfer data from one computer to another . it does not work .
i ordered a large size but it's more like an extra large . no paperwork to return the item was included .
bad cartridges . printed ink removed from paper , so i have to attached the clear tape on the letter . quality is bad
i hardly use my brushes yet they fell apart , i wish i wouldn't have bought them
not happy with belts , too tight to get on .
dose not fold down not sure how to hide , the ball on antenna dose not move not what i expected
it looked like it might be a good app , but couldn't get it to work on my cruz t tablet
i picked up this book with a bible study group and we got through the third chapter before giving up .
the paste is very oily therefore , it's difficult to wear around and really did not do anything to my acne
pictures are nice but finding the hidden pictures isn't very challenging or interesting . i deleted it after a short time .
i had to read the instructions several times , then every time you use it , so much work to program .
don't waste money on this ! completely not worth it . water part didn't work correctly and other side did the same .
my ref number does not stay charged and i got it feb so how do i return this
oh my ! we could not believe how outdated this movie seemed . sorry i bought it .
if you are cool with someone putting you down then go right ahead and read it .
the seams are terrible , one arm has completely come off after one day camping excursion . i'd avoid this one .
i'll try to change it to m us . or give it to my friend as a gift . that's all ok
too long and got boring in places
did not work as advertised . we are in the process of returning it . very disappointed . and very boring to use .
you get what you paid for . the feathers fall off these are made for small hands . they are soft though .
very slow but i didn't really give it a chancemay try watching againif i do i will update my rating
great .
the sample pages you are given do not really reflect the book . i was disappointed with this one .
not good , don't even try ,
main characters weak and unexciting . plot main themes repetitive and predictable . main male character was weak . a long way from christian grey .
too short , putted it in box , wait and see if can be used in other ways , definitely not for necklace .
did not make sense to me .
can not believe amazon charges for this thing . there is no product , just a cover ! do not purchase ! rip off
not what i expeted very disappointing , should have sent it back for a refund , won't order it again . finished
peeled already really really cheap case but started peeling in less than five days . never will buy another one sorry
don't waste your money on this junk never worked and when you read the return policy you'll understand why .
this has very little room not good for eggs which is what i bought it for not worth the money
this is not real crocodile . the case started to crack and come apart within two weeks of me using it .
the description was not clear . it was not what i needed so i spent . on something i couldn't use .
the strap broke off within a week . it's a thick strap , so i can't just sew it back on either .
looked nice but plastic cover broke in less than a week .
this cup leaked the very first time i used it . very very cheaply made . i would not order from again
very flimsy . this will not last . i will have to go to the pet store and get a good one .
the screen stick to phone and plastic hard to get off attracts alot of dust and dirt on the case .
this bracelet doesn't close right and when you try to close open it , it bends i can't even wear it !
curls . doesn't allow smooth rolling of mouse .
dumb
the worst movie everdont waste your timethats an hour and a half of my life i'll never get back
it was broke when it arrived . it was just a cheap piece of plastic that wouldn't close around my phone
i purchased this video card a few months ago and the hdmi port no longer is working . pros easy installationcons durability
the coated plate going deteriorate by peeling and it do not warm enough . it seem no be a ceramic flat
it is too puffy my dog sees it as an obstacle .
would not set up , then wouldn't stay on long enough for the joke to be sprung .
cheap plastic . it does not stay in your hair . i have thick course hair . i would not recommend this comb .
too tight small , and some small holes perforations at bottom front , side and back . liked the color though
ironic , isn't it , that a book by this title would break the . kindle price ?
worked for months then dose not dependence the right amount of water what a rip off . save your money .
this isn't going to sooth anything . the boo boo buddies are much better . this 'thaws' really fast . won't be buying more .
i ordered these bulbs in september , . as of january , one has already gone dead . choose another brand .
very disappointed with this product it causes rashes equal to a small burn , i would not recommend it at all !
for one its old school . its very slow and kept overheating . did not like it . i shipped it back . would not recommend to anyone
purchased this for my ipad and it doesn't work . it does not charge the ipad at all . was very disappointed !
props are hugely imbalanced and i had one break just hovering which caused a crash that broke my quad's arm .
did not like the book was an 's kinda book . dont waste your money .
item was not as described but amazon is great and they got me a refund using a to z protection
the photo seems to show them as being black and white , in reality they are black and cream . very cream .
boring , i kept waiting for anything to happen big jane austin fan and thank heavens she doesn't have to read this .
it broke within days , was never even dropped and still broke . i will never pay to get one again !
the little stones are foling off is almost ruin n is not even a month wearing it very sad
my printer didn't recognize the cartridge
i ordered the sights for the xd fixed , barrel . instead , i got the front sights for an ar
luckily my parents had another pump to use because this wouldn't have worked ! do not purchase , waste of money !
not up to her usual standards . was disappointed and thought the storyline was preposterous . buy one of her other books .
the plot was cool but the game itself was to short
it is very lame , but it was a gag gift . it never really worked well , but pleased my immature side .
the updated version still forces close when you get combo wrong . stars if it worked properly . . .
can't play the game after i updated the app . game was fun before , now i can't get it to open .
doesn't fit the screen . hard to use a screen protector when it doesn't fit . will not buy these kind again .
i know many think this was a great movie but it's not for me
broke within weeks . replaced with gm part , been ok ever since . i guess i got what i paid for .
the nicest thing i can say about these is that they get the job done and they are light weight .
got cheated by the product description ! this is not wthis is equivalent to a w . this is only w ! damn .
horriblenever buy this bookthe worstit is a waste of moneyaaaaaaaahhhhhhh !
i struggled getting my toddlers head threw it and the lil guy wasn't too happy . but he loves spider man
the write up hype about the book was better than the book , which was disjointed and confusing and somewhat dark .
do not waste your money , does not work as watch slips out of the nylon rollers does not grip sufficiently
i deleted game , i couldn't figure out how to get it going , kinda dissatisfied really wanted to play the game
impossible to return do not order ! hair looks nothing like the picture . very false advertising ! very disappointing and very unhappy .
it's pretty annoying when you pay for a book and don't get the whole thing . anyone know who to contact ? frustrated .
you can not fit your cable box under it . it is not wide enough . wrong design . i wish they specify the dimensions
product is broke does not work properly
there are other reviewers who wrote the same thing it stopped working or exploded after months ! not worth it .
i really wanted to like this product but it stings my eyes . i threw it out .
the team logo is just a paper sticker , and it easily wrinkles . spend your money on something of better quality .
also not for s get it right ppl
too many words
they did not work on my small tv samsung flat screen but they worked on the big flat screen sanyo
just didn't work out , went back to my old gold which i have used forevercould be my computer .
i really didn't enjoy the movie . just didn't seem like it was a believable move for me . could be wrong !
it's about trains in the uk and not relevant to trains here in the usa . therefore i don't recommend it .
this bead is terrible . dull and black hardly resembles silver . would never recommend to anyone . you've been warned .
nothing happens for the first hour and mins . then a mishmash of scenes leading to a confused ending . disappointing .
i use it for mins , and it stop working , i opened it an i found parts of a bearing .
not very interesting . mellow and spacey but simply boring . plus , these guys love god a little too much .
you can't get anywhere with it . it's not free . plus , everything cost so much . free is supposed to be free !
i never received this book , nor have i ever heard of it . i would have love to read this one . wow !
can i used for out door ?
xxx is really big . bought for my daughter , but it is way too big . guess she can sleep in it
bought this inexpensive camera to connect to my mac mini . the picture quality is okay . the microphone does not work .
the magnets is too weak ! it did not work for me and i got it returned . i am very disappointed .
could not open app . does not work . may have been useful if it could be opened . very disappointed with app .
this the worse green tea i have ever tasted . the smell was offensive and the was taste very harsh !
a bunch of garbage , junk nonsense straps not well made of inferior quality . junk , junk , junk . all i can say
latoya should go back to porn well she's a little old and worn out for that .
it's not good for me . i felt it's little flat and not comfortable . so i don't use these pillows now .
way too slow for me . half of the movie was spent on male mid life crisis . not fun . cut it off .
this game would not open . never got a chance to play it . don't buy the game . it doesn't work at all .
i never received the user guide
chapters too long and took forever to get idea across which was not engaging to me . too contrived and predictable .
i purchase this product in june of last year and it broke after eight months . i would not recomment it .
ridiculously high price .
the quality of this product is aweful . it broke comming out of the package . they are so tiny as well .
a liar , plain and true . she will say anything for money ! she has no idea what battered women really feel .
the first box i received didn't work and either did the second . spare yourself the aggravation and buy another product .
seriously this was bad . i dont write allot of reviews but i had to save u from making a mistake !
not even a hologramthe charge is about of an original battery . it's not worthly
do not buy and waste your moneybuttons broke off and the whole things rips after first usewhat a waste
only one with double williow leaf the other are just a like should at lease been half and half
i found this exact item at my local home depot for . ot such a good deal !
these earrings are much smaller than advertised . ad said mm . not true . my ruler shows mm . very disappointed with purchase !
loose fitting , cheap fabric , does not shed water , inadequate tie down straps . do not waste your money on this product .
looks are deceiving sent me the wrong color and made poorly . if i didn't need right away would have sent back .
only got about about a month of use before it split a seam and was useless . wasted money for me .
this was the worst scepter made , it was warped from the packaging when we opened it and looked like junk .
i would recommend this product to nobody . the graphics are horrible and the game is a stupid waste of time .
not impressed . another false claim gimmick . did not see wt . loss as promised ! save your money and buy something useful
maybe i was expecting too much since i liked the tv series , which wasn't done for laughs , from years ago .
this mildew cleaner doesnt work no better than bleach , last time i will buy this product . a total waste of money !
i didn't like this game at all . it just didn't hold my interest at all . i found it very boring .
no lo compren , es perdida de dinero ! canta muy mal ! compren el de belinda , ella si canta y actua !
this belt sucks and i got a chance to wear it only once before the garter clips busted on me .
for some reason or another , the wireless adapter refuses to connect to the router . i have to buy another adapter
i was able to glue it , but still , not cool . stars instead of one because at least it looks good .
power head broke after only a short period of time . no well made .
used one suitcase one time and noticed fraying around the zipper a substantial amount . you get what you pay for .
motor stopped working for no reason in one month , was used only a few times . stay away from that model .
i didn't like it . after the first movie this one just wasn't captivating enough and just seem to fall short .
very flimsy will not stand up if you wear it to bed . overall not a good fit for my use .
i made a mistake . no more self help books . i was not entertained or educated . just not my cup of tea
it broke right when i took it out of the package ! it isn't fixable . don't waste your time or money .
will not work correctly looks like a really cheap car not even nice enough for your kid to play with .
tryed re downloading and and tryed fixing it but the mod doesnt work game does not work properly high disappointed
i am just not into the realms of science fiction . the plot was awful and lacked credibility , in my view
worked for months then started cutting out . died completely after months .
bit too tedious for adult reading . would not recommend to anyone , including other lesbians who might worry about their pussy .
the corners of book bend and raggy no invoice included , what did i pay for it ? not explained well in discription
i have a pound dog but this collar just does not work . sorry , i can not recommend ths one .
at first , i was attracted to the price but the product came apart after one use . would not buy again .
it's a pity it doesn't keep the water warm
cheap , cheap , cheap . some were broken , the plastic baggie they came in was dirty , you defanitly get what you pay for !
material is very poor and size is way too small
a lame story compounded by lame acting .
the whole plot was just no good . not worth the read .
lost stones , and finish had completely faded . i would not buy this keyring style again . it did ship fast though
the bacd is ceramic also now as glass ! there is all kinds of ceramic but this band broe very easily !
no instructions let me do one picture and now won't let me do anything else . worked alright when it worked .
dont order , it does do anything helpfulthat was listed on its description . don't order it find something else . thanks
case material is great , but the magnetic stands are awful . won't let the tablet stand and just flop over . disappointed .
do not buy anything from this company they will take your money and never send u what u pay for
wow ! this was a real doozy . a lot of historical information who really cares about ? and other irrevelant things .
material not very durable and thin . needed alterations around the arms and neck . too revealing for age of child wearing .
i never received the right item they sent dorait would have been a great gift to give to someone
it would crash when it loaded and the controls could be better . this game needs some work before it's playable .
the most bizarre and off putting children's book i've read in a while .
zooming in using the cx v built in optics was superior to the image using the vivitar lens .
garbage ! thin as saran wrap don't try to put it on , it will rip !
i'll . put this in the nicest way possible . this game is soooooooooo stupid . i'm still talking because of word minimums
does not work it's like it was made backwards and when i plug it in it does not work .
not like i remembered as a kid , these didn't even stick very well . we sure didn't use this for long .
it looked a little to fake for that kind of movie . i didn't like the plot that could of ben better .
the product is exactly as described . except the back light . it could use a better light for night viewing .
just about the sappiest , unbelievable , unreal , hodgepodge i've ever struggled to finish .
the ending was anticlimactic in my opinion . other than that the movie was a good take on dracula . . .
i found a substitute for this that costs much less and does just as good a job . cancelled my subscription .
very dissatisfied since the app was updated . it was the best weather app available . now i am deleting it altogether .
too bog and hurt my feet .
there wasn't much interatction with the program . my year old granddaughter ired of it quickly , basically it bored her .
this memoir of jon goodman has way too much talk about the subject , dickie goodman . and the edittings isnt' soo gud .
this product did not fit my fax machine . the description said it was compatible with my model .
another retread of songs capitolizing on the abba name . nothing onthis one is memorable .
my dog can't use this harness becouse it is too small . i need a big size for him . thank you
it was ok but typical with sex , violence and a hero . not that amazing . definitely not an impressive piece of liturture .
charger did not work at all on my pump as soon as i got it in the mail .
i thought i got a good deal . the box was marked new . i guess i was unlucky with this one .
i still haven't got it but it will probably be in with in the next day or so can t wait !
i probably won't even use these they seem very poor quality , the graphics don't line up and they rub off easily
i can't believe amazon hasn't had . come out for the kindle ! this is an injustice ! it's horrible and unfair .
it's okay , it falls apart after a few uses .
i usually fit into a . narrow , and this was much too wide . it did not feel like a narrow .
did not see any change when taking this !
cheap ! this is not what i wanted , hate the product . this looks nothing like the picture you show of it .
i went for low price instead of brand name or previous users' comments history . do your research before you buy .
in less than months the display stopped working . half of the display is white and another half is grey .
it was shot really well but the story was not so interesting . the ending was just to crazy to believe .
i put too much faith into this product . my mistake . it is not working as promised . learned my lesson well .
after installing it , i expected some kind of access to cartoon network video content , but it was not the case .
this item is too small for me across the back and the arm holes are way too small for me
these cables do not work for the ipad . i bought a couple of these cables and returned them . keep shopping .
joined for one year and found that google keep is free . tried google keep and decided free is better .
fifty shades darker . not enough story line . sex sex sex . more sex sex sex . not real world , sex sex sex
the stems break very easily , like when it's cold or warm , and the lightswork when they want to . a disappointment .
terrible sterilizer . bottles smell burnt after every use . unit always look dirty inside and out no matter how well you clean .
right bag , wrong color . didn't use the bag so i don't have much to say about the durability of it .
this book was way way to short a a a a a a a a a a a a a
its unclear as to what to do with it . there are no directions that i can find . thank you for
it's cute but too expensive for a cheap material . it broke the first day my sister wore it to school .
after installing the app it will not open ! i have installed the complete set and none of them will open .
i cannot believe that whoever packed my order . gave me a kitchen spatula instead of a picture card !
are some parts of the book missing from my book ? nothing i read made any since ? what what what seesawnice
returned defective as bike holding bar could not be affixed to the stand's base bar's pre drilled holes were misaligned .
this was . wasted . the phone did not fit into the case . cheap very cheap looking and not worth it .
this material comes out in puffs , not safe for the baby . i am returning itthey colors are very nice though
the quality is low to expected but i like itthe set is very good convinationthe shirt is nice .
not comfortable or concealable , even with shirt untucked
cheap piece of paper put onto a plastic casing .
not for me sorry . dont know what to say blah blah blah didnt care for it . isnt thay enough . crap
there are no pictures and direction for each exercise . some exercises need instruction because they are not well known .
i used it for a month and it is falling apart already . cheap plastic
i reader the reviews dosen look good you should look at the reviews too they help alotdon't get it
i loved her other books chocolat and one about wine , this was too dark black for me to enjoy .
out of was defective . i read some bad reviews stating some did not work . will ordera little upset
way too small , gave to my yr old who is a skinny size !
did not work with cord returned itemwould not recommend with this cordwell built heavy box , wished it would have worked
i finished the book but , despite the interesting topic , i found the author's writing style to be a bit dry .
only watched half of it and its horrible ! boring boring boring ! waist of time to watch or even think about !
i bought this for my silver warethe item came apart in weeksnot made for heavy silver ware
too much padding . the shorts fit , but it feels like i'm wearing a diaper . i got the medium sized shorts .
this should get no star because it doesn't work ! i had to return it
some of the pearls fall off . didnt get the stylus , and screen protector was not even made for my phone .
does not charge worth a crap . it does not have good connectivity with my phone . a waste of a purchase .
works pretty good although it burnt out a week after purchased
the charger broke after week of moderate use . flimsy , short cord , heats up . don't even think about buying it .
flimsy design . worse on the stand which is sold separately . this isn't about decorating tastes , the dog needs to eat .
the product is very cheaply made . cylinder is loose in the casing . could not cosider this product in the future .
definitely not his best work . the entire concept of the story was reaching a bit .
don't like it . all the rhinestones keep falling off . looks raggedy . not good to me . never should've brought this phone card never again
these cables are overpriced , get the cheapest hdmi you can find and it will work just as well .
yawn , yawn , and more yawns . get a life , neil . go back to canada and stay there .
the only reason i gave this app one star is because i can't give it zero stars . waste of money .
can't put in dishwasher and are very flimsy
so stupid
wore it all day with frequent applications and my lips still burned . not happy !
this monitor does not display as much screen real estate as others that i own . i will be replacing it shortly .
the worst one you can find , they melt in a second in your dogs mouth . finished one in minutes !
failed to germinate
hits the buttons when its in the case ! on and off , or make that call you where un aware of .
the chess computer functions do not work at all . for the product radio shack partner x chess computer . please be adviced .
weary of long advertisements and brutal topics . they are in poor taste if children are allowed to do these puzzles .
i've had this for only a couple of years . the surround sound still works , but the voice stopped functioning .
hard to believe not particulary well done , shallow story with easy to figure climax . would not read others by this author .
bought this because i like the singer . unfortunately , it's just too standard country for me . nothing stood out .
will not load on kindle fire so could not use . not for kindle fire could not try on my fire
it was cheaper to buy these in a local store . feel like these were cheaply made and it was pricey .
very cheap . does not work would not spend the money for it again . don't waste your money on this product
not very help full for my child doesn't ask or answer questions maybe audio and videos would do some better .
great licorice but not a good deal . found simular at store for on tenth of the price .
it broke after dropping it once . great idea , too bad its poorly made .
not elegant . silk for sure , but the pattern and the colors disappoint .
this shirt is okay but i found it way too baggy , even in a small size .
overuse of the f bomb , tired portrayal of wallstreet , ten yrs ago would have been rated xf . this movie
too much melodrama
absolutely no good ! this is just a gimmick and doesn't work at all . surely there is something better out there .
this is literally needles . not packages of needles . beware !
i bought this for my a but it is made fro a a even though it doesn't specify this anywhere .
disappointed . product mostly elastic as a result , it never stays in place . is always slipping up . would not recommend purchase .
can't turn the rings to keep score and that is why i bought this itemunit was bent upon arrival
i tore up my dash silly that something like this could damage and depreciate the value of an automobile !
each cord only worked for a couple of chargers and then did not work again . highly disappointed in this product .
burnt out in first two hours of use . ryobi did send a replacement at no charge !
this was a modern version of the original . the illustrations weren t the same and it was awful . sent it back .
didn't work for me at all . waste of money .
can't get any results i really expect to have
i found it very basic and simple . it has the information that you need without going further on each theme
box had been opened before . metal parts thrown in . some covered , most not . very dirty parts . disappointed .
no one will repair it or knows how jvc is of no help they apparently have no service dept .
this book reads as if it has been poorly translated . not very much information that i found very useful . i
be careful , this will blow your lighter fuse after min of cool air hitting you . i'd avoid if possible . yep !
simple smoothie banana , yoghurt , cubes of ice , broke after second . complete waste of time and money
gave my dog red eyes . don't buy . especially from amazon , which charges x the price in my local pet store .
bristles are very hard and rough on my scalp . i was expecting this brush to be softer than it is
i purchase of this led and they stop working exactly week and a haft after avoid this leds !
can find videos on line . some of the facts are not correct .
didn't work . at first i thought it was the batteries , but i tried new ones and it still didn't work !
very un com for ta ble to w e a r it's really b a d to deal with . ya
is equal to that already had
this game is confusing , not fun , and a waste of time . i would suggest you not even try this one .
i found this game hard to play . i guess maybe the more you play it may get easier to play .
this product has the potential to be great if it wasn't so abrasive . i know use longs drugs brand .
not enough to really write home to mom about , go ahead and splurge on the regular size .
don't trust ge's sigma . i bought . one doesn't work now . the other has problems too .
the size is smaller than the one i own , but it works ok .
ordered them weeks ago and im still waiting for it to come . this is very dissapointing . dont waste your time .
didn't get to play it since it was only for android and i'm an apple owner . so i returned it .
misses probably the most rousing fight song in all of college sports , hail state , the mississippi state university fight song .
there were so many holes in this plot . i am a big jennifer weiner fan . but this was not her forte .
dried out when i got it
was missing some parts , it comes apart when hauling garbage cans to the street . i would not buy thisagain .
we only received pies for dollars . we thought this was packs of . do not order .
this movie was a big disappointment , very unreal , james bond movies are way better
makes you smell like you were at the back end of a skunk . paid way too much for shipping
cheap material broke after one simply drop , would not recommend for anyone to buy this product not worth the money .
theres no software included its useless , i gave it one star because i had to . it deserves none .
i unman heard this guys a scammer and his games sick and he steals pica from other games so yeah
well packed but of the boxes were too misshapen collapsed at the edges to be usable . otherwise , fine .
this product works well for a beard gloss but does not provide much hold for wild hairs !
didnt work and destroyed my already exiting cable connection . wow ! really bad ! this product is horrible . didnt work at all
the sound quality it produces is horrible , i will recommend to go for anything else but do not buy this .
the balloons didn't hold helium for more than hrs . after hrs half of the lights didn't work .
poor value if you add in cost of crystals which i can't find anywhere .
just go to the website or google topics . i hate apps that are just a way to get your money .
it wouldn't hold a charge , even after charging it for hours .
it was a waste of money . absolutely no change in area applied .
i dont know where is my case rite now im waiting again ! hope coming soon here with me ! so late
don't fall for claim . sound quality is substandard . returned it and got focusrite i instead , like it much better .
a really stupid premise for a book . don't bother .
it smells really bad ! hmmmmm . waiting for the smell to lessen . i am sure it will be fine
the charger lasted about a week before it broke . i am not a satisfied customer . i would appreciate a replacement .
i was very disappointed with this book . the print is so fine you need a magnifying glass to read it .
it worked play until it said i needed camcoins i tried to get more but it still won't let
only drawback . it will not read text to you . otherwise very nice . come on amazon add that feature . thank you .
too expensive . don't buy
dislike . it was horrible . i didn't like it at all . i only watched it because i was paying for it .
the holes for the camera , etc are in the wrong place , so it does not fit correctly on the screen .
. this book just has smoothy recipies and little else . there is no cleanse set up in it .
it doesn't work when you put on a mod you go on the world and nothing happens
fantastic
doesn't seem to get surfaces any cleaner than traditional non lint producing cloth
i love dictionaries so i loved reading this really , really , really love d reading this dictionary so read this dictionary book .
did not work at all .
i am sending these pants back . not at all what was described . very odd fit . just didn't like these jeans .
these cd's should not be sold . in my opinion they donot display the artists'true virtuousity . thank you , lew nadien
very firm and puffy thick . seems good for side sleeping but nothing else .
not particularly well written nor was there much of an insight into frank costello . not a lot to recommend this .
this product is not cotton . it is cotton and polyester . quality looks poor also . i am returning .
very poor quality . made of very poor quality materials . no zippered coin pocket . not a good wallet for children . very dissapointed .
cheap . just about the only good thing about it , took almost weeks to get here . and it was doa .
a few laughs . some not well thought out jokes . i'd rather have the hour back that i wasted watching this .
edges of the tape keep coming undone . very annoying . it could be much better but it could also be worse .
the sides will not lock and it was hard to put together . i would not recommend this product
receives signals ok , but single elements are not very sturdy , probably ok for inside , attic use . won't last long outside
lasted only a month . tight fit but ripped easily . not sweat proof either . now i have to get something else .
this protected my phone but i never noticed it being anti fingerprint or anti glare . works great as a basic screen protector .
wrong sizing info . too big .
from buying used up to now more than days did not see any results i am very disappointed
i thought it had a lip on the front . also , it's gel when i thought it was hard plastic .
don't really hate it but was disappointed i imagined it to be funny and it was any thing but ! thank you
adult sexual situations , but the writing is very juvenile . little in the way of plot , character development . definitely a disappointment .
every time i touched the screen i got an error message and the game turned off ! don't waste your time .
cheap , junk . lens fell right out in my hand . over all poor quality , i would not recommend this product at all .
can't even bring it up to play it ! won't connect have tried numerous times but it never starts ?
worst product ever . false chimes all the time , and it is extremely loud . would not recommend this product to anyone .
they sent me the wrong charger . i need a ' and got a volt . i am stuck with it .
it is cute , but the bell tone is weak not very impressive .
do not buy this company . man no battery , no charger , no place to buy . very expensive .
not what i expected
yes i cleaned the surface . only lasted about week before it started peeling off d'oh
the pieces are smallish and quite thin . no problem with my dogs enjoying them . but , definitely overpriced . not worth the purchase price .
boots are cute but very tight around calves . you would need to have very thin legs to wear these boots .
this is an awful , boring , sleezy , who cares about these people type of movie . ick ! lousy acting , cruddy script , ugh .
will not allow you to charge your ipod iphone . only used to play via stereo
very sloppy handman ship ! looks so cheap ! it seriously looks like the product of a year olds craft time !
suffers from excessive detail not germane to story . found cutting back and forth between story and history of arsenic irritating .
i don't like the material , the design dress .
dont say one size fits most . my friend tried the on aand could get the croutch up , shes pounds
center clasp was soldered a half inch to the right couldn't give it as a gift kept it for myself
the product broke when i installed it on the ironing board . the design was very poor .
more kindle , more mush , more of all i don't like there are ten more words required , and i am done .
product does nothing but cause stomach cramps and headaches , stay away from product . product is nothing like the real thing .
no pictures . dull . i'm a visual person , and reading script is hard to translate into carrying it over to performance .
i used to have this on cassette and wanted it on cd and it brought back all my childhood memories !
when the kids only want to see this once , well , you know it wasn't that great . was the case here .
you get what you pay for well this wasn't even worth any bit of what i paid junk
it does not work on gel nails . such a waste of money ! wish i would have gone with a better brand !
one must purchase a size larger than you normally wear . also , i felt zero added support . i threw mine awa .
too small . not as expected and the screen cannot flip .
these narrow shoes aren't really very narrow at all ! they also look more grandma ish than i had anticipated . no thanks .
low quality cheap wood . i would not recommend spend a little more and get a better quality hutch thank you
this was okay for an initial overview of an employee appraisal and setting goals . definitely need to establish smart goals
i was looking forward to more character development , but instead got more black and white good guys and bad guys .
looked great at first but tasted days and fell completely apart . don't waste your time and money with this .
no me parece un libro muy claro en fin cada uno entiende lo que puede
the blu ray player does not output either dolby digital or dts audio . everything comes out in stereo .
this smells like spices and death . buy the village candle version of this instead , since it smells a lot better !
this book was such a close copy to the orginal book , even the names were only slightly changed . no imagination
waste of money didnt stay on for a week . had to take off because most of the letters fell off
terrible movie
had to talk super loud to get it to pick up terrible . don't buy unless ur talking loud . . k
very disappointed that this book didn't provide photos of examples given . i was hoping to get a few new ideas .
the case was well made , but much to large . case needs to be designed narrower on the sides for sure .
its the bleeding through the whole cd . plain in simple . its the new genre garbage metal
simply an advertisement in the form of a book . much like junk mail . this is a junk book .
how many ways can i say boring ? what is the purpose of this game ? definitely didn't keep this one . boring !
it was difficult to install and just got to much dust underneath and air bubbles . ended up throwing it away .
what happened to the low speed ? just too fast , throws stuff everywhere , not at all worth the hassle .
didnt hold my phone like it said . wasnt secure enough to trust it
no difference in over weeks waste of my money don't buy it i work out and use it !
broke the first time i used it , you get what you pay for , save your money and but something better
this is disheartening . hopefully they won't drag out the second release because there is no way i'd buy this .
it is like what i hope , used
i gave these covers stars , just because they r covers , not so clear , and not so good .
not my type of book couldn't wait to finish it kept reaeding in case it got better but it didn't .
smell bad and make kindle hard to operate when put in this case . not to mention it's hard to return .
i purchased this product jan and it is feb and i still haven't received the product , enough said
this movie should never have made it to the theaters ! acting was awful and amateur . guys were decent to look at .
when i bought it and donloded it it said i didn't own the app but i bought it please help
unfortunately my kids broke this sharpener within a few days so i would have to rate it low on durability .
this is the soundtrack to hell .
it reads like stereo instructions and is not very clear within its instructions . i was disappointed .
not worth free with how bad the controls react and definately not worth the . that they want to charge .
works well in small areas . in normal room not so much . does really attract them that well . gnats multiply fast .
nothing stood out . whatever . greatest movie of all time it is not .
forget this phoney metal band and listen to some iron maiden , young fools !
do not adhere to nails like they should . good for one day only . hard to trim to fit to nails .
too long for my hon filing cabinet . not sure how to use these .
this book was very disappointing . the storyline was elementary and predictable . the grammar and spelling mistakes was atrocious at best .
there was a piece missing ! i had to return it !
makes phone get very hot don't want to ruin my phone . other then the hot part it works very well
i thought u would be able to take care of your own horse it wasn't what i was looking for .
at first i really enjoyed reading this book . then as i read farther into the book , it became quiet boring .
the cover is stated to lose its design as it is flaking off . it does appear to provide much protection .
this little piano app doesn't have all the piano keys . it is all right besides that though . try it yourself .
does not work well at all . picks up nothing . do not waste your money on it . would not buy this
i thought it would be more warm set . thin set for spring . other than that , it's nice . very thin socks
the product looks nothing like described . the handle is plastic and if i'd known that i wouldn't have ordered it .
this is not the song that i ordered . i wanted the real song not some fake . how can you do this ?
they pretty much just sit around . every once in a blue moon someone picks it up for a brief chew .
very slow service , price on an older paperback book . disappointed in the book and the service .
i bought by mistake . meant to order orphan train
i really disliked this book . samantha young has become one of my favorite authors , and this book really disappointed me .
the band is too wide to fit most of the jeans .
disappointing !
only lasted two months
after i wore for one day , it tore . and i wasn't even doing anything crazy , just walking around all day .
i put the cd in , click on a flag , and then a pop up comes saying insert the disc wtf
doesn't work , not sure which mercedes they're talking about but it doesn't link to mine ! don't bother with it , worthless !
it was nice at first but a month later it broke , and the quality is not very good either
the sheets got so crinkly after wash , i had to iron them to use it . don't waste your money !
battery does not hold a charge ! was no better that the battery that i was replacing . i should have returned it
found it to be stiff and uncomfortable .
this product flat out was incapable of functioning because it was assembled wrong . i am not happy at the moment .
this didn't fit the ipod touch , as was advertised at the time . also poorly made . don't buy this item .
all copies of this movie must be recalled , put on a rocket , and fired into the sun .
you have to have at least for these to work .
it's not what the picture looks like , but it works okay .
i chose this rating because the book was horribly written . i would not recommend this book to any one ever !
i just didn't like this product , i thought this would protect the sides but it just scratched the sides . l
i didn't get all the parts neccesary to use this product , sorry can't help you yet
not as good as gt
nothing but a plastic pot . no instructions , no added anything to make it a self watering pot .
leaked air
this item did nothing for either of us . it is very awkward and in the way most of the time
both batteries died early in their life , one never did charge , the other lasted less than a year , thus junk .
i couldn't get through more than a few pages . trite , unimaginative and poorly written . i don't recommend this book . substandard !
it didn't work after a month of use . it caused an inflamation sp ? of the toes too .
hugebulkyout of fashion ! dont buy it online without knowing the size . its waste of ur money . . !
these fell apart in seconds . you get what you pay for . the idea seemed cool but the product needs improvement .
was on when i opened the box , couldn't figure out how to turn it off , and not bright enough . sucked
i can't review it because i won't buy it untill you tell me how long it is , ft , or ft ?
terrible game , watch out for the hidden in app purchases , they will cost you hundreds ! do not get this game .
they are cute sandals , but are made with a plastic like material . i guess you get what you pay for .
this did not appeal to us at all . it looked to be low budget and poor acting . would not recommend .
unfortunately the unit was defective . the center bass speaker distorted at mid volume levels and above . sony quickly provided a refund .
these are the worst fake strip lashes you could ever purchase . these are only good for practicing strip lash application .
would not connect to the internet
this cord is so light weight that if the pendant or charm isn't heavy enough it actually doesn't lay flat .
we tried to get it to work times it just did not get cold . very disappointed , ugh
wow . does writing about a stupid generation involve writing stupidly ? ive seen flyers with more literary credibility . waste of time .
i would like to know how to find a listing of the individual songs on each disc .
it does not really make a difference ! not worth it , i will look for other options ! get something that works .
bought of these things . never worked . seems like a scam . try to send vga signal through rca , what a waste
not awesome . end of disscussion . i have to add more words , so , bob is super awesome and so a
bought of these . none of them work with any of my devices tablets , smart phones . very disappointed and annoyed .
have received different thermometers and neither one works . junk . what good is a thermometer that doesn't give the temp ?
ink doesn't least more than months for home use not business used about to pages only .
tent ploe broke and tent ripped on first set up . on hold with customer service for hours
was ok book just not a great plot or action to keep you into the book . slow and uneventful . readable
sux if u like show . not many options . decent storyline but not at all what i was looking forward to
didn't feel right from beginning
this cd set provided very few laughs . maybe laughs . not worth the money .
i put a post it note to remind myself to not activate after i factory reset it and hide away
we can't even use it because apparently you need some kind of liquid for the slides which was not included .
the product is in great condition but i need to return it back , i order a wrong one thank you .
item was packaged poorly . i was only wrapped in bubble wrap the item was broken upon arrival .
it has become apparent that my musician's gear guitar stand was built on a monday after superbowl in denver , co .
this product came in one extremely hard lump and was not even able to use it . definetly would not suggest buying .
kind of confusing and i'd like to believe it but i think the story could have been written more concisely .
i used it on natural hair and left it on for min looked dark brown rinsed out ashy brown .
i wore the shoes only hours a week for months and the soles have separated from the shoes .
i found this toy to be sub standard . it does not have enough music and is cheaply made .
within a week it developed a hole ! and i had been very careful with it . very disappointed with its quality .
these candles were supposed to be none drip or at least slow burning . they almost started the candelabras on fire !
looks good , but poorly made . handle wobbled and broke within a few weeks of using .
insyins did not install . where is my game ? it did not how do i find this ggame on the kindleindle ?
didn't like it . wouldn't let me play anything . didn't come in very well . very bad app . will not use it .
it was too hard for me to be able to play it . i didn't like it very much . thank you .
horrible quality ! nothing like the picture ! don't buy , not worth the money ! looks pretty in the picture and that's all !
complete moronic drivel from a comedian trying to be intelligent about things other than stuart smalley .
box fell off the counter and the lock broke right off it . i would not buy this again . cheap lock !
these looked good but one of the finger seams split in the first minutes of wearing them . cheaply sewn .
the taste is mild but there is a ton of salt in each cube . the salt overpowers the chicken taste .
it is just a little big . i could normally fit a . shoes , but the flats were a size bigger .
it is way to hard to get off i hate it really sucks dont buy it please dont buy it
this book is confusing . the study guide that you buy with this book is s ty . wasted purchase just for school !
outside trim theading came undone within first day of having it . hem came undone , fell apart . cheaply made or manufactuer defect .
sux bad graphics not worth any price
only three plants grew .
did not know even if the phone is unlocked it is still belongs to sprint and is a sprint phone
the keyboard we received didn't look like the one in the product photo . we were very disappointed with the product .
waste of money . didnt read my tmobile sim card and its cheap and will break easy . dont waste your money on this
dogs did not like these treats . they sounded good . i am not buying anything for my dogs made in china .
looks cool , but stops there . slippery and that translates to drops .
i think they did ok they could do better that is what i think of the book it is ok
it looked great for being the wrong color . it was never opened and returned . ordered a completely different item later .
does not work good
dull . disjointed . disappointing . destabilized . don't watch .
spend your money on sandford , connelly or read harris again .
cant say that i i hate it , becuse i cant open it in my kindle for pc to read it
iphone says this is not a device that works with iphone .
at first i hated this cd . but now it is like stars . it grew on me . what can i say .
good quality but the size is too big and there were no option too select small size . . very disappointed with amazon
this was not compatible with the microsoft download that allows connection of the wireless xbox controller . did not work .
too difficult and kept finding ways to get me to make additional purchases to continue . a waste . deleted it .
eventhough the product description says gb and gb versions , it will not fit the gb .
don't waste your time . confusing . our book group didn't care for it . the back and forth was not worth the effort .
these did not work well for me what so ever . vey difficult to apply and painful to remove as well .
had uninstall after it refused every attempt to create password ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
very nice looking but i don't know how any one could wear as a belt buckle . it is so heavy !
the fruit was not fresh . was left extremely dissapointed . would have been better off buying them at my local grocery store
all four package had best before dates stamped march april . yikes . hope to hear from pengiun about this .
usually wear . but these too small at size . like style ok but not pattern . will return for refund .
i didn't feel a difference or notice a difference . didn't work for me maybe it will for others . i was disappointed .
this new product does not fit my coleman product with stand on wheels . i'll be returning this item . thank you .
i used it once and immediately the zipper has broken and won't stay closed . woops ! guess i bought the wrong product .
i sent this to my granddaughter , and it never worked . a big disappointment for a year old and me .
not in good shape when it arrived . very very wrinkled .
cheap plastic toy that looks and feels like it . don't let your child make the same mistake i did . period .
these socks were irregular way too small bought the right size and it barely goes over heel of my son
used cell phone received with the previous owner text message and phone log . i am not happy with this phone
the battery failed completely after only a few months . logitech customer service is awful ! what a waste of .
this was a poorly made shoe fall apart after the time wearing it , an very disappoint in this shoe .
disappointed with this one after reading horz . life . this didn't hold a candle to it . still finished it though .
nobody checks your 'stuff' before you send it out ? your ad states 'includes gasket'are you mis stating or misleading or mishandlingunfortunate
it taste gross . it's too thick and it does not work . i would not buy this product . save your money .
this is crazy and stupid and a waste of time , i would not recommend it to anyone , save your money !
sound flat , no bass . rubber buds hard and uncomfortable . i switched to skullcandy volume control . now , that , s a change .
the bag has the wrong image ! this is not the bag i got ! beware !
buy the advantix wasted money and still needed to buy the real stuff
this bra is a minimizer and should be classified as such . terrible fit if you're expecting a full figure support bra .
yuck
took forever to arrive and one was broken and they scratched my ipad screen but thank god i have warranty
it has not been even months since purchase of this product . the mattress deflates real soon . i am disappointed .
ridiculous an app geared toward kids where you can purchase worth of extras ! crazy and noo thank you , uninstallled
dress is not as dressy as it looks on line . it could pass for a play dress rather than an outing dress .
don't waste ur money , it's junk
the item broke after use . you're better off getting your no frills one for less
much as i like townesvan zandt , i was underwhelmed by this recording . i feel like his memory is being exploited .
blackness of print is not there . i hope it prints more pages but mi doubt it . something wrong with the cartridge . not happy .
this product totally removed the painted markings on my glass measuring cups . i will never use lemi shine again .
the sound quality is kind of bad .
not at all what i expected , deleted it after i got it , wouldnt recommend it ! should have better decription
good color but made my skin dry and itchy and i am not a fair skin person . didn't purchase again
not something i would be interested in seeing anymore of , not well acted , only redeeming part , actor was jeffrey tambor .
half the size of the ones we use read the size before you purchase i forgot to do this . measure
running out of choices at the library , tried this , not enough action story . not sure , just not for me .
this guide was not very helpful
it's small about the ball and toe , but is too loose in the heel . nice style but not for me .
this broke as soon as i got it , it is junk , don't waste your money ! so not worth a penny !
broke after pulls . so disappointed ! really not big on giving wordy reviews . so i have said all i need to .
wasn't the heron on the hilt ? i seem to remember it branding some hands . why would he be holding the blade ?
the magnets were weak and poorly glued on . one of them fell off and now they don't stand together anymore .
hope the movie goes well and the happy meal lyra doll too .
this order was charged to my account , never shipped , then cancelled and credited to my account . all very odd .
is it just me or were other people charged for this free sampler ?
the camera rotates easily when you are trying to film yourself or others while active , such as snowboarding , or running
were too tight on legs . waist and length are ok , but its really tight on legs . cloth is elastic like lycra .
the case was smaller than i expected did not feel as stable as i needed . i'm returning this item .
these earphones are very cheap , and sounds cheap . these should be used only as backup earphones , and be treated as such .
received only box and the th one no clue and no response . waste of money .
oh , so mind numbingly boring . please if there is a film maker out there . please make a quality version of this classic !
this book took way too long to get to the plot . it drug on and on . ending was just ok .
the connector on the input for the cigarette lighter fell out . please dont waste your money on this crappy product .
the format for this book is just about unreadable with serveral lines of open space between sentences .
ripped upon first time i wore the pants upon crossing my legs . other than being extremely delicate they feel great .
i saw only one idea new to me . the use of tension rods for scarves and for shoes . pinterest is better .
the story was okay but the grammar is very poor . did anyone proof this at all . i guess not
confusing and hard to follow opening . we watched less than minutes .
don't recommend , can't see anything on your phone in the sun light with this screen protector . no good for phones
doesn't work , is cheap and didn't sharpen at all . very disappointing and not worth even dealing with in our opinion .
they are very cheap looking . don't look like the picture . are shiny and don't look good . save your money . buy something else .
it will fit all luggage but its a loose fit . the color or the handle is not that noticeable .
i wanted a woman's watch . this is too large . i returned it for refund . still waiting for refund . sondra bergey
it's too dark for me i think that lipstick of this color are useless for me i hate it so
make it simply broke the second day we had it . junk i would not tell any one to buy this item .
not stable product . kept falling off . also did not look good aesthetics wise . also , magnets not very strong in their attraction
unless you pay for the upgrades it very repetitive . be prepared to use the same instruments on the same patients .
this is a piece of crap . you can't even download one single game .
i will not pay money to play a game . it lures you in and then it asks for money . ridiculous !
not at all what i was expecting , considering all the rave reviews it got . just not enough info for me .
i couldn't get this to work on a brand new dell with xp and mega memory .
too draggy and old fashion . will not read any more books in this series . nothing else to add to this review !
the pictures make it look like coarse grain . what arrived was very fine . will return
easy to install and product was exactly as specified . however , it only worked for months and then it died .
tried to put silver dollars dated from to into this book . they do not fit u . s . silver dollars .
hard to finish . few positive points that does not pays the effort of reading it .
very difficult to understand and all but one tech support guy was rude and unhelpful .
because the battery died minutes after it was fully charged . i think it should be replaced w a new battery .
got bored . this drags on and is pretty predictable . a few chuckles here and there , but too painful to watch .
i have used this product faithfully every day and did not lose even one pound . i do not recommend it ,
not good doesn't cover the whole phone like i thought
cheaply made . thought my daughter would like it , but poor quality . cracked after a few days of use . wouldn't recommend
preposterous fantasy , sophomorically written .
awful movie . only could take the first min . i usually enjoy bad movies , but this was one of the worse . end
i was thinking that it would have been bigger it should have put the size of it in the ad
i thought the book book was written by only the authors beliefs . i am sorry i purchased it . . .
the liquid does not cover as well . i had to use with the loose powder as well to cover .
such a nightmare for me . i am feel pain of a stiff neck when i use this pillow .
this is expensive garbage . it made me feel sick caused other personal illness .
soon as i wash it and low dry it the material burned up so i waste my money on this
i can't believe when i got this it was only an inch tall . really cute but don't waste your money .
have to be mathematician to figure out vitamin requirements . lost interest once i got to that section . some good info .
clearly does not belong in scripture does not match anything double told fairytale . this is also extremely boring and depressing . !
do not buy wont fit my samsung s with cover as advertised
it comes broken and i returned it
not made well . not the quality i am used to . very disappointed will only use to water plants
not worth the money spent . bought of these and if you drop them they shatter like glass . very fragile .
the recipe are not right , ifollowed , but and all the pic are deadly ugly ! i just not recommend to buy it ,
wasn't too impressed with this , it was rather cheap . looked like the logo would peel over after a few washes .
stop by itself is a decent song . but the remixes are horrible ! do not buy this overpriced piece of trash !
this version of everybody's fool is way overproduced ! the demo is much better ! search for it online .
seems like a funny game , but i don't know because i can't get control . the tilt sensor is too sensitive .
stopped working after a few weeks . would not buy again !
it is too small . the advertising and the pictures on line make it look bigger than it actually is . sorry
so poorly written i honestly couldn't finish . bad grammar , poor characters , dumb story . not even worth it for free . sorry
broke after months . the cable length was nice . wish it didn't break . find some other option instead of this .
my daughter does duct tape projects . these scissors get sticky with the crafting duct tape . they are very sharp scissors .
junk don't wast your money
it was cool the drawings were hilarious i like the part when the guy eats fish food kate spangler
app was deleted , too confusing to learn and not that easy . didn't quite understand the workings of it as well .
camera hole in the back is misaligned . it almost covered the lens at the back of the phone
good idea in theory , however , did not work at all for us . we are going with a correction e collar instead .
all negatives points are rounded ! blades are dull ! could not use them at all . gotta go back !
this product eliminated one step . however , the one step took as long to do as two steps .
poorly made does not get hot enough to dry your hair
ummm . if you want good speed thrash metal , buy some early metallica and megadeth albums . or slayer south of heaven
not what i expected . thought it was sound track of movie . it should have been more like watching the movie
very uncomfortable
don't buy from perfumania . the colognes doesn't have that strong original smellsmells old . save your money and buy somewhere else
while shirt is less expensive , the fabric is a bit stiff and thick . sadly , it is not worth the price .
i got screwed and the thing is flat white and the flip visor is junk
it doesn't work . at first it charges when i plug it in then it stops and says it's not compatible
it did not fit my headphones . it is not what it says it is . i would not suggest this to anyone .
it was pretty slow . cute , but nothing earth shattering
really makes a wearible tooth but you better have pearl white teeth cause they will not match at all . fail .
this dress was a big disappointment . size fit was not at all what i expected . i immediately returned it .
it's boring i scored goals without even touching anything i would give this game no stars if i could .
they don't work my printer will not even recognize them . they fit just fine but they just do not work .
more of a local history book and less of a photo book as the title suggests .
dan brown needs to find another story to write . this is predictable and just the same old , same old stuff .
text me when it does when you select a photo it crashes its a neat idea it just don't work
readings are too difficult and esoteric for an adult beginner intermediate italian student . would not recommend .
i like the product but i think the chain was really cheap , it broke before my daughter even wore it
wast of my money the covers did not fit .
did not read past first chapter ! did not hold my interest . was not my type of a read . so sorry .
i didn't even finish watching this . it could not hold my interest at all . would not recommend it to anyone .
i did not realize it was slots until i downloaded the game . disappointed that it was not a real game .
the author is getting lazy . would like more serious content , maybe a little history or based on a true story .
try reading liberty and tyranny instead , a better book by far . this is very poorly written , not worth your time .
useless defective . i question accuracy of the one glowing recommendation .
trust me dont buy this it is to oversized and you cant even breath in it .
maybe i should have rated this a star . the wheel stops turning after a few minutes . i'm very disappointed .
it wasn't fun
just too short and did not hold my interest long as most of his books are hard to put down .
the album lacks luster and isn't nearly as good as previous efforts . to wrap it up in one word weak .
fit was kind of loose on the phone , the back of the case scratches very easily , making it look bad .
poor quality . size was not what i expected the sleeves seem short . was not happy at all with this product at all .
i have purchased these socks many times and have always repurchased as needed . these sox do not fit as well .
having heard about this film was so looking forward to watching it but it does not work in the uk
was not as good as so many women have made it to be . too much detail about clothing , food loetc
why did i waste my time reading this . drugs , alcohol , depressing , fifty words where ten would have been more than sufficient .
don't buy it . any other site can give the same info . for free . it's repetitive .
ordered as a giftsheets are not the quality i thought they would be . would reconsider before i buy again .
i have not used these products yet so l can not rate them . will comment maybe at a later date
didnt work as well as described
i hate this game so much i just want to explode so bad sucky sucky sucky sucky sucky sucky sucksssss
i've used it for one week and disrupted . . . . . . . . . . . .
the black belle . it was a lousy movie . a real waste of time . dumb , poor bad . just a bad joke
not the greatest product . it looks like stainless steel but it's just plastic . it leaks and the metal inside rusts .
bands were way too right around the thighs and the seam was impossible to get straight . not comfortable or wearable
was not the filter i ordered . would not work for a year . started working then stopped working again . really s ty .
stuck with it for three fourths . it was tedious to the point i could not finish it which is very , very rare .
convoluted text which i found extremely difficult to follow . waste of time and funds plus it was loooong boring ! no
what i thought . not use ever againfeel as though i wasted my moneydo not have any more to say
this was not funny . i regret getting this . a book needs to be funny before you can call it funny .
i played three times then it not working the dic is unreadable
product never worked . did not include cable for charging once i ordered charging cable it will not charge . don't buy
this game got boring after a while
i pay for skin i will not get them any more . do your home work .
it's much nicer in the photo than in reality . in reality , it looks cheap . i've now given it to goodwill .
perfume fragrance smelled artifical didn't smell like natural coconut oil it had a horrible smell more like a car fragrance .
this top was shapeless and ugly , just a piece of chiffon sewed together under arms with no shape to it .
the cover is not the same that appears in the picture and is very damaged and painted with a pen
i got to page and lost interest . that pretty much says it all .
i dont like this it does not even downlowd so if you downlowded good for u bye byecookie out .
after taking colic calm , my son could not stop screaming , it got worse ! and he got a very upset stomach .
a calculator would be nice . this app just displays nutritional info for fast food restaurants . a little disappointing . expected more .
as suggested i started using tablets a day , now using one tablet per day . will see how this works .
bcz there's a lot of concerns about it ! hope that i have the right one that i am looking for .
this just never worked . one piece would be too large , another too small . ended up not using it at all .
this a pretty cheap set of food . this plastic and not made well , but does the job of play food .
way to descriptive and not enough action . no need for all that describing . really sorry i bought it . thank you .
lost the interior straw as it came loose and now can't use the cup at all .
no youtube app or google services . way heavier than ipad mini with smaller screen . there is no substitute for ipad !
only the bottom part fitted well the top part kept poping up so a lil bit dissapointed srry guys .
it had a lot of static in the sound when listening to my radio show . other headphones didn't do that .
waste of cents . really , you sold this ! what a joke . sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks
it says you clearly get seat covers but when it came i only got one . not happy at all !
was expecting a bigger notebook ! it takes a larger notebook for all your appointments when you dealing with cancer
i placed the order and didnt get them the next day like i was told but the two days later .
it's probably just me but i found this tool to be useless . my daughter and i argued the whole time .
all reviews are by the same people ! just read and beware !
this product didn't work at all . not hdmi or dvi . i tried many different things . i am disappointed with product
not as described it's too small will not fit the vehicle at all , pontiac trans sport , . litre petrol
i dont know what has happened to society with this social media crap , stay private people and dont get this
just ok . it lacked a story line that was captivating . it was dull and drawn out in places .
hi , this case does not hold it shape , therefore it fails to stay on the phone . however , the color is nice .
listen crew , it's just a cheap set of glasses with an inside sticker for the yellow anti glare hd lens
i love this basin , i am disabled and this is the only way i can wash my hair , thank you !
best to buy new liner , product did not help and save yourself from many headaches to come . very disappointed period .
i definitely ordered black one , but purple one came . how could you ? i am so disappointed about it . i already have purple !
i have the exact tablet listed and it did not fit was way too big to use on this model
took took long to make her point . didn't explain the plot well . would not recommend to my friends , no way
watch came with no instructions . unscrewed back plate and still couldn't figure out how to set it . useless . daughter disappointed .
not much of a plot to it too many books of the same out there read and rewritten another book
the bracelet was a gift and broke within the first min of wearing it . would not recommend to anyone .
does not work . we need assistance on this item please . have been trying to contact you . seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty
case is ok but bad quality
it just would not load . figured it had some compatibility conflict . like better suited for a cell phone android device .
it doesn't work with iphone g false advertisement ! i gave it to my cousins who have the nano . waste !
i think that such kind of game without multiplayer is not worth the money . have not bought it for this reason .
. still unable to get the remote to work .
measurement is stuck at psi maximum . product is poorly tested before shipping .
i expected more from this brilliant author . i kept reading , waiting for the story to get good . it never did .
the device works , but the quality of the music is so bad that you won't be able to enjoy it .
this game you have to buy everything i thought it was gonna be a good game but it sucked p
pass on this one . tell these companies with your wallet that we won't stand for this sort of thing anymore .
this did not work from day one . a waste of money . the return policy make syou eat the cost .
worse than you can image
this roller frame doesn't have a roller with it . very disappointed , nowhere does it state it is just a frame .
a lot larger than the picture suggests . they are very reflective and don't look very good when they are on .
not as described too small not enough light . wanted to use it for camping .
thrusting hurt my wife and broke after months
i liked the sleep on and off part about this case . but it would not stand as stated in description .
the mic on it sucks , don't buy
as soon it got inflated and a few punches the bag starting to loose hair . not worth the money
quite useless remote which is one of the most imp requirement . this should be upgraded or replaced for me . nirdesh
it fit fine but it was supposed to be black and it is brownish . looks like it has been faded .
i lost my real wedding set so this is my second replacement set . its ok but feels like heavy plastic .
battery performed really well for a week . thereafter helicopter will not even get off the ground after an overnight charge .
i have no choice but to rate this product low . it does not meet my needs and is very frustrating
this product died after the second charging i will never never buy a remington product line again ! cheap and .
even if the malizia cd video had subtitles , which it hasn't , it would still be a waste of money .
product was not fresh and appeared to be quite old . i do not plan on buying from this vendor again
this product was horrible . i was not functioning at all . i was very dissapionted . not a good product at all
didn't fit my oven . cost too much to return . wasted my money . can't find what i need for my oven . not too happy
i think there are better books like this out there . this seems like it was written for very small children .
gmo . will not reorder .
maybe a good picture . but controls , menus and integration ability are junk . been installing for years and would not recommend .
it's ok , doesn't smell like prada l'eau ambree i've had in the past . will not order perfumes on line again .
it doesn't work it worked for about minutes and then stopped working not worth the trouble piece of junk
sound in sound out . crackle . don't buy these because they may or they may not work . for me . they don't work . ugggg
despite dividing these seeds into different soil temp moisture groups , none ever sprouted . i had thios problem a lot with this company .
amazon requires text in this comment section . there's nothing to say i didn't like it , it was boring and uninteresting .
bought this less than a month ago and the display has already gone completely dark ! i would stay away !
very complicated to use . hard to store and retreive data . wouldn't recommend it .
bottle leaks . after opening package about of fluid had leaked inside cardboard container . pump difficult to operate . too expensive
used these on clothing as well as towels . they came out smelling like they hadn't been washed . won't buy again .
one of the pods was not sealed . coffee grounds were all over the other pods . a bit messy this time .
i felt zero heat from this pad , it's a waste of time and money . i would not reccommend this item .
pretty vile stuff . i wouldn't do most of the things in this book to my dog , much less a kid .
this band rolls from the top down and becomes a tube around the middle . not a bra but a belt .
cheap hole saws that make one hole before wearing out in spite of constant cooling are not after all cheap !
it doesn't have subtitle in spanish
it rusted and i threw it away . do not waste your time and money on this product like i did .
it worked for a day then got stuck at . i threw it out after two new sets of batteries .
ja rule sucks that is all i gotta say . he should be 's maid
as title explains , the item is not compatible with ios . . do not purchase if your ipad's ios version is . .
it was not what i thought . i bought a book when i thought i was buying a dvd . my fault
dont buy this . no work
horrible app it brings you to the starting page and then just goes to the home screen again and again
this is a workbook not a curriculum and many of the worksheets were completed in the used one i purchaced
i love the song in the previews but i don't know what it is . someone post a review telling us .
it was not what i order and it went to chicago in i live jeff . in . could not return it
sorry not my type of story .
it only worked correctly for some days and then it stopped working , so i'm not happy with that device
this is the worst my ipad doesn't work anymore because of this stupid thing i say do not get it
poorly made . feathers fall out . won't be able to use . waste of money . this is ridiculous . are you kidding me ?
my year old loves to tinker and explore but , unfortunately , he did not find much interest in this item .
i was about to buy this , but , whoops no widescreen available . no sale .
i've had this item for only a few months and it's already tore up .
origins is a terrible platform but the game is great
totally not worth the money . wasn't even charmin brand some cheap brand . for . i received little packages . a total waste .
this is a wast of time , sent me the worst onereally not what i was looking farward to very disappointed
it is slow and not nearly as good as the other running games out there . do not waste your time .
car adapter works fine but the wall charger doesnt work . would not buy again and i do not suggest . word
this does not charge my son's ride on car . the product said that it would charge correctly but it does not .
powerful hardware but lack of execution
it was okay for one fitting . i didn't use it again there was a lot of snags from one use .
i thought this book wd help me with my writing , but it's all about resnick's stories . completely useless .
big disappointment ! poorly compiled and not at all worth what was paid . this information can be found searching the internet .
. leaks water into cab don't seal very good but the lights light up and there amber leds . .
can't any of you who buy into this see what it's really about ? this is sick .
i thought my kids would like this , but we were very disappointed . nothing worked like we thought it would . blah .
this would be a better product if the metal portion was stainless steel . it appears to be brass colored . hmmmm .
really gets boring
the actual sheets looked nothing like the picture and more like something produced by high college kids in the sixties .
the sizes are small compared to everything else . keep this in mind . otherwise a warm robe with very bright coloring .
build quality seems ok , but they are thick and don't fit well under earmuffs . worse , they distort your view somewhat .
it's basically a shirt , how could u sell it as a dress ? bad bad business ! this is false advertising .
it's not stretchy material . it fits everywhere but it was a struggle to get my hips past the waist part
this is obviously incomplete as the episode comes out today , so i don't see why people are already reviewing it ?
i bought of these . i wish i would haved saved my money . i don't believe it is very accurate .
lots of really hysterical things happen , not here . people are funny . put them in unusual situations they get really very funny
these sticks smell like incense but not patchouli . they smell ok but in no way what i was looking for .
complete crap . definitely got what you payed for .
these suck . absolutely zero heat protection . i burned my hand first using . they really do look cool tho . too bad .
was really cute until it fell of not even a day later
worked really good at first but quit working after about the th time to use it . i am very disappointed
don't know how this game is because it doesn't work . putting off going through the hassle of shipping it back .
only allow you too play levels and you have too purchase the game to continue to play the game
i don't like it at all ! it's baaad baadit's my first time and it will be the last time ,
i bought this boring book because of buffetts recommendation but i am rather disapointed with theory presented in the book .
was ok but not what i needed for my problem went to a doctor and got a medication that worked
image on web not same color as actual seat ! marble dark grey
so not worth it . blah eh ugh . very bland . very grade school . predictable . so not worth it . blah eh ugh
tips not accurate . not much information anyway . too simplistic . maybe worth fifty cents . would not recommend . not really a book .
i'am unable to get a working drver for windowns vista .
not true to size . very tough leather .
they look better online . i wore them once because they look so cheap .
too small . i want to return it . can you help me out please ? if it possible thank you .
so mad it this company . i have a boy and they sen me a pink toy . i was expecting blue !
the stupid app won't even let me download can someone help me like really it won't download so star
worst movie i've seen in a long time . only good thing is cameron diaz doing the splits on a windshield
doesn't work for me . wish i hadn't been tempted to purchase it . it is also difficult to hold and spray
not my thing !
pathetic dialogue . pathetic costumes . fake beards . fake accents . thing runs about hours long . pathetic pro slavery sentiment . pathetic .
limited , causes disruptions in wifi , had to remove its power to get home network working . i would not buy this again .
every thing about the watch was cheap . it was a crime to have sold it under the pierre cardin label .
the music won't stop playing and the game is not good .
not as durable as it looks or feels . it got a tear on the bottom on its first time out .
these trays are very difficult to remove cubes . i bought for the reviews that said easy removal . not what i wanted .
wife says this item is very pretty and stayed in one piece , but it started to rust . would not recommend .
it isn't helpful to me to see a still shot of a part of the freeway . i don't use it .
do not buy unless really into pc lore . not worth the time or money .
yaya heres another app that wont install on my phone , well i quess i missed out on this one . .
i was really disillusioned with this movie guide and found it to be very basic . a very amateur book unfortunately .
very deceptive . not what i wanted when i was thinking of powdered vanilla . is is that difficult to be honest ? sigh .
quit working in months . doesn't heat . no warrenty worked good when it workeddelonghi d uxbk roto deep fryer , black silver
when recharged after only one charge , does not hold charge . can not recommend this as a replacment for new battery .
question for mjs if the book was so bad , why did you give it four stars ?
not uninteresting , but so familiar as to add nothing new to my understanding of past leaders .
if there is a red thread of continuity plot theme i can't find it .
three netgear rangemax routers and all three died . the wnr t lasted the longest , months . avoid these dogs .
not happy at all ! color is brown , not birch ! boots feel as if one boot is larger than the other .
small and strangley shaped . like a winged bat . arrm slots are tiny
works well , easy to install . directions unclear . loud buzz and beeping in wireless phone when within feet of router
clasp doesn't work very well . sort of fixed it but not confident that it is secure .
my system met all the system requirements and after speak with geo support . i was told to ship the card back
cheaply made .
great ! now you can waste your money on a moronic self help book and an idiotic , irrational text on a pseudoscience .
will not hold a charge not a good deal or even worth buying you get what you pay forgod bless
this item is cute , but is very tight . my ten year old daughter complained about the size after receiving it .
tie is beautiful . unfortunately the tie is only inches and not big and tall size . returning itemgood luck
the script was terrible and the acting was even worse ! i advise not to waste your time with this one .
i got better results by taking vitamin a supplements and drinking more water glasses a day .
i think it was like i had poured my money down the drain with this product . caveat emptor , i guess
i used this chair times with no problems . on the the rivets broke . i only weight lb .
the quality is good but i had a hard time in bending this extension to be flexible . im quite disappointed .
fenix is a better light . brighter and rechargeable . and lower price . would give away the sure fire . never again
i wish snippets would have been available because the cd was garbage . i did not like this cd at all .
man , this was like the opposite of a aphrodisiac .
i kept watching this train wreck waiting for the happy ending or resolution . this comedy actuallly made me depressed .
this plastic ornament digs into my feet , i cannot walk at all , it hurts too much
they don't fit right . ended up throwing them away . this is one of the few deals that i regret taking
this didn't stick to my wall . it's constantly falling off . hard to put up because it kept getting tangled together .
this book was an older version than the one i already owned . returned it to amazon . newer version very helpful .
one of the catanas get me bent
didn't find it help with my seasonal depression i found to big and too expensive would not recommend it sorry
this item work for day i would not recommend this to anyone else waste of money time horrible
didn't think the quality of the shirt and print was all that great . grey is not the shade i expected .
i was religious at using your product and felt it did not work like other colon cleanses i have used .
the case crack in days of getting it i know i payed only . . i don't know what to do .
doesnt work with my phone and people barely hear medoesnt work at all with my computeroverall i am disappointed
awful . it was thrown together bad material . i felt gypped . i am sad and surprised that it was ever sold .
all of the tips fell out before i even got to use them
i suspect i'll enjoy it . i'm happy to re review upon arrival . i can't give a positive review at this point .
not what i expected . my son has trouble making it run . wheels get stuck . really really disappointed on this toy .
this is very good but at a dollar a cup it is much more expensive than others
i couldn't find answer key any where . how can i and my kid check the questions good or bad ? is that mistake ?
i wasn't a fan . guess i was expecting more and weren't met . acting seemed forcedand the storyline was merely adequate .
pluses crispy , as advertised . texture , mouth feel are good . minuses tastes fake , too sweet . my take is get fig newtons . they're good .
used one time and then not working anymore . screen is on but can not record , lost money , don't like it .
my wife didn't like this very much . she said that it was too pointy . save money use your fingers instead .
not so much fun will move on to something else . no thanks . nothing more to say about this game just not enjoyable .
but i've played better . this is an okay game to play once . but i wouldn't buy it .
was expecting lt's but received p's instead . will have to do a little more research next time before buying again .
i'd give this zero stars . it didn't work at all left my phone charging overnight and it only charged
only works for months that sucks and is my second time i don t recommend this product to anyone sorry
this is not a rubber case it is plastic i was mislead when i purchased it .
i seriously never worry about permissions but i wondered why it had a star . thanks for saving me guys
again , this manufacturer produces toys which do not last . after two sessions , the seams on this toy ripped open . beware !
don't buy these ! you'll never receive them . if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . buyer beware !
the leather was good , there was no protective area for your laptop . looked nice just wasn't meant for caring electronics .
did not keep these had to return them as they did not fit the wall as i would have liked .
caused acne , i think the scrubbing was damaging to pores or the product contained something that caused an allergic reaction .
timothy's makes fine bolder blends . this not one of them . this is bland all the way
the picture itself is not clear an untimed game would help beginers hints areunclear too many things on one picture
if you get stuck you can not get help without paying for it . not fun any way . three more words .
all the stones where out when i got it , just a little glue was holding them on . buyer beware . x
keeps shutting off , wouldn't even control a watt heater . great expensive digital thermometer if that's what your looking for . returned promptly
does the job , but poor quality chinese casting over priced for the quality of the tool
granted that the subject matter is disturbing , i could not read more than a few chapters .
this new battery didn't perform much better than the year old battery it replaced .
the gun will only shoot if there is only one bb in the clip , otherwise it gets all jammed up .
sturdy gate , but my lb puppy easily figured out how to jump over this . pretty much a useless item now
i've waited two months and i still haven't gotten my case . this is beyond unacceptable . i truly regret this purchase .
another beautiful pan and scan hack job by fox lorber studios . i wish these folks would go out of business .
most of the movie was okay but what was up with the end ? could have been done a lot better .
this app crashes one opening screen on my droid x . i do hope there is a fix for it soon ,
my first grade son thought that even the third grade words were too easy . great for pre school and kindergarten users .
rcvd cell phone broken . slot that holds memory card will not hold card in . can i get my money back pretty please
it is not working on the arrow please help me please . i really need it . help please help ! help help helpyours trulyclea
i got zero results . maybe it's because i am a guy , but this was worthless . i mean no results whatsoever .
the package was battered . the boot was battered . the color was too light . otherwise it was great . is it used ?
it was confusing to use . it kept me on calendar and i wasn't able to exit . i deleted the app
i hate this game its lame do not get . its wrost gamei ever had you should not get it .
unimpressive . glad i didn't pay the full . list price
epic fail , epic fail , epic fail ! these earrings are x smaller than they appear in the picture . the false advertisement !
the samsung convoy would not fit in the case . the phone is too thick to seat in the case .
love spinelli but carolyn cannot write ! sorry . don't waste your money .
i don t know deploy the gps garmin nuvi in the ram aqua box .
note to author write a book . this won't work . a couple of paragraphs does not a book make . write . thanx !
really ? poop ? i read zelda poop and it was a hell bookkk ! never buy ! not useful ! shame on you ! herrrrrjduf
no cut corretly , does not fit , hangs over the side , does not fit to the screen like it was advertised
very thin material . product is adorable but i dont feel safe wearing it . it feels like it will fall apart anytime
this t shirt has a very bad quality if it's not the worst i've seen . don't waste your money on it .
its awfully its not worth it sugestion they should pay us to buy it your light will will last longer
i usually wear a in every shoe , this one was way too small so i didn't wear them unfortunately .
the most boring book i have ever read . there wasn't anything to hold your interest . i shouldn't have bought it .
it fits the pistols great , but it is so obvious you are better off wearing an imb or fanny pack .
used as instructed but it did not work very well . ended up purchasing new grills . would not buy again .
it's stupid it's just dodging a fire ball it f ing sucks don't buy the app it sucks don't buy it .
works good so far . its working as it should be . i recommend it to anyone looking for a car or home charger
as with all dog treats , they don't last more than a blink of an eyethere is not substance to these
read instead a student of weather , snow falling on cedars , or prodigal summer . throw this one in the garbage !
do not work . instructions only in chinese . took forever to receive .
i noticed no difference what so ever . i used it as suggested but was still hungry much of the time .
the game regularly shuts down not a force quit when harvesting which pretty much makes the game unplayable . droid x
not very inspiring or real feeling to me . don't know what else you want me to say , uninspired is it .
this was ordered but never received . however my account was quickly credited . that's abt all i can say that's positive .
this brush is worthless . it does not work . do not waste your money . i wish i had not purchased it .
hated it i waited and waited and it didn't work . i even tried a new name and still no good .
very small and very cheap more than likely made by year olds in china . please don't waste your money .
you get what you pay for . this is made out of cheap plastic and looks terrible .
i did not find this explanation of the qur'an to be written in easy to understand english .
was very disappointed with this costume . the material was very uncomfortable and it looked cheap . not worth the money .
at first the sound was okay but then it wouldn't make any sound at all . i wouldn' t recommend it .
this watch comes stopped , i replace the battery works for days until stop again , not works , very bad watch .
i purchased at the end of february and the lamp did not last months . don't waste your money . ridiculous
product did not work .
the keyboard sucks . it freezes all the time and barely works . other than that , it is a pretty good computer
the socks feel very loose . the ankle slips down and is annoying . it's made of cheap material , and holes easily .
poor ai , ugly pointless language , bad hitboxes and a lame story . i didn't like this game .
this story was not my cup of tea . this ebook had lots of steam , but very little romance in it .
did not like main female charactor so much so i could not finish book . would not recommend this to anyone .
this is a waste of money unless all you want is a microphone . it doesn't even play music through bluetooth .
incredibly uncomfortable , rigid inside support fabric , unnecessarily complicated eyehook straps , scratchy fabric edges . very pretty color and pattern , what a shame .
this product was way to small to be a foam roller , and much too soft to be helpful to anyone .
this wound up in the dumpster after one season . china makes the very best ?
began leaking the nd day . had to be drained now sits in basement . unfortunately it was my grandson's christmas present .
these shoes are not at all comfortable and would be a bad buy at any price !
the story is completely predictable , and not so good . it is well played though . i would not recommend it to anyone .
i would not recommend this product . the usb doesn't fit in the battery charger , it keeps coming loose
the picture shows that the line is clear . it is actually fluorescent green and completely useless for what i wanted .
this product did not work as advertised . i am diabetic , was hoping that this may help . i would be seeking a different solution .
the photo shows two batteries in the package and i only received one . add was misleading .
i like the shirt , except it is so small . it is a exlarge , but it looks likea small .
not hot not strong stuck with it lazy people like it i sure i want to taste the java thx
will not snap on also smaller than expected will not be able to use it on my device highly dissapointed
bought it as a gift . smelled not so nice . don't know if recipient will be allowed to return or exchange it
what kind of ending is this ? ! ? there is nothing sexy or romantic about this book . i wasted time and money !
it wasn't the right disc so i ordered a different one to use i needed a bit not
this book is only useful if you want information , that is readily available online for free , compiled in one location .
he doesn't really understand how to use it but he probably just needs to take the time to read through .
it was not written well and left too many questions unanswered . it may be o . k . for pre teens . not well read adults .
drivers have to be updated each time . occasionally connection with wireless receiver drops . not the best .
did not enjoy this game at all . there are much better racing games out there . there is no skill involved .
the ce is cracked ! i would like to have another copy can i return it and if so to what add
i interpreted the sizing incorrectly , plus the surface was clear and opaick . compared to what i expected i was disappointed .
arrived damaged , but it was also tiny . could barely fit a lunch in there .
i never received this product and i would like to find a way to get my money back .
the quality is not good
these cables will not charge my phone . completely worthless .
no comments . pretty pretty bad i don't remember if it was a dvd or a book but whatever no good
my wife is using this product more than one month but nothing happend so far . i think , i wasted my money .
i could never color the tattoo ! i hate this stupid game ! they call this terrific ? ! ? it's not ! i hate this game
very slow wen charging two phones at the same time . would not buy again a a a a a a
very simple but ok read . the story and characters had a lot of potential to be better than they were .
it sounds like the soundtrack for a renaissance faire being held for special needs children . weird stuff .
it broke a week after i received it i am a little upset because it was close to bucks
this book did not like i am very disappointed that pay for thisebook . the price was not worth it .
quality was bad . i sent it back . the other item i ordered from patty boutique was bad quality as well
these things smelled nasty . nothing like the description . don't waste your money on this poison . it's a truly awful product .
this product was very entertaining but i don't think it is for anyone older than . it's more for kids .
really really bad , jingoist , myopic , unthrilling thriller . i usually like t . jefferson , but i hated this one . blech !
got as a x mas gift for my catthe switch works when it wants to , very cheapavoid this cheap product
it had surprises to make you jump , but for the most part i thought it was boring and too long .
it was crap they all fell apart and won't charge my phone or ipads it was a waste of money
no good
it must be true . you get what you pay for . for i received ping pong balls that barely bounce .
not as well done as other works by furst .
the black cartridges i received produced very faint copies . i was very disappointed in the quality of this product .
dont know
boring ! i prefer real racing and that's whats stayed on my kindle fire hdx . deleted this one post haste .
this sucked especially laceing it your self to small and hurt her cuiter lol just didnt like it at all
not what was pictured , does not work .
i ordered e the system must have changed to e no way will they fit . i will have to return
i paid for this boston album the credit was taken and i never received the product to download , very disappointed .
received product in opened boxsmells like alcoholno proof that this is the real fragrancetotally disappointmentdon't waste your time or money
it's missing the rest of the alphabet . only came with one letter . disruption mentions that it comes with entire alphabet .
pretty much the same subject as , but definitely not as good as one of his other books sign of her heart
didn't do shit for my cell phone signal . don't waste your money
too big for my samsung galaxy s the samsung galaxy s battery never came to this address why is this
you don't learn anything it is just a guide you cant even play so don't waste money to bey this
i think this pill case was too big and also rather difficult for an elderly person to open and close .
the popcorn was very very stale . i tried it two times and it still tasted the same old and stale .
it is much smaller than i thought
its useless . its random i fried it times it said mad then happy it horrible . peace out ! lol !
good wall decorative item not designed to open bottles . teeth placed far forward in mouth to open any bottle .
this sucks so much i freaking hate it worst ever the worst its not like the pics at all sucks
this cable worked for a day and then stopped . what a waste of money
it says french subtitles . even on blu ray , but , firefly has not french subtitles .
i am not usually using my notebook . after only a few weeks the cover has a small hole . bad quality .
the phone sounds is low . speaker phone sounds distorted . volume level low gary b renner as submitted by me myself
no remote , had to buy a rmeote vibrator so my gf would wear these . she looks great in them though .
wont even turn on ! not returnable ! just wasted money ! piece of s t ! what a let down ! boooooooo hissssssssssim bummed !
really enjoy the games but i don't ever buy game chips so wish there were more opportunities for free chips .
unable to stay connected
the product doesn't hold a charge for very long after being recharged a few times .
would not open after downloading . would just crash after clicking on it . not worth it , even if it is free .
it worked well at first , but quit working as a touch me lamp after a few weeks . not sure why .
very confusing book . once you realize that she's being mute you are wondering , why ? then the book ended rather abruptly .
bad cord did not last a month
not so good does not drain well
these stones are a waste of money . do not really work . ask me i bought them and i am sorry
the zipper broke about after weeks . only good part was the snack bag that came along with the backpack
took awhile to take shape and is very low to ground . just use the ottoman now
lorde thuckths
too slowand need to be more up beat and happy try this one again my grandson did not loke it
the cases are very bad quality but it was only for cases . the screen protector tears off easily .
does not work like it is advertised to . i didn't find any difference in my skin after using two months .
it smells , is orange not red ! fits well but very disappointed !
try to do textnow because thats the only way of ckntacting my gt and i would like to use emojis
even the acting was awkward and they could have mailed in their performance . hopefully , there will not be a sequel .
this airsoft gun was pretty cheaply made . the quality wasn't as good as we expected . a little disappointed .
this is weird stuff . it's not completely irredeemable , but i wouldn't recommend it to someone i like .
very fast read , not really that exciting . boring a boring cam bethere was nothing worth reading in this book
looked damaged delaminated out of the package . genuine onan parts are cheaper priced . are all stens brand products from china ?
i used them as directed but didn't really see any difference in my weight loss goals with exercise . that' all .
didn't fit well at all ! very disappointed ! going to see if i can sell them on ebay or craig's list
item is too flimsy and it is not sturdy enough . i put a neck pillow behind . to keep it up .
i liked the look of the shoe , but not the color and it was wider than i could wear .
i do not recommend purchasing this adapter , it does not work . after two weeks of usage this adapter stopped working .
not for vegetarian people . it contains geletine
didn't fit wall system
the material is very very very poor i won't recommand anyone to buy it ever
very awkward , too long and irritating to my skin . would be alot cuter if the bar wasnt so long
great book until the end . couldn t put the book down . now that i finished , i'm sorry i wasted my time .
this movie was made for perverts and weirdos . if you're a normal person , don't waste your money on this trash .
horrible , the costume falls apart especially the mask , the hair was falling out and made of a cotton type material .
so so still not strong enough for me . taste is ok .
such slow streams , prefer computer , only worth it for netflix . which i don't have . stupid ! should be more versatile . very dissapointed in google
sounded great but these headphones broke within a month . would not recommend this and will not buy philips ever again !
that was simply the dumbest massage video i have seen to date . do not waste a moment of time watching .
these are the absolutely the worse . they leaked all over my printer . i would never order these again
it said that it would fit the kindle fire hd , and the case did but the keyboard plug did not
after two weeks it would not stay snapped together , tossed it in the trash . will not buy again , for sure .
not the best reception worked the first day and after i drove the truck a couple times it stopped working
i did not like it . too greasy . prefer lotion .
this program would not run on my xp machines . it would only run on a old me pc .
didnt like this at all . the plot was weak and there was no real storyline , what more can i say !
the batery arrive without power and is very dificult to install anew one , i dont' recomend it for that reason
hey it only cost ten dolla with free shipping ! you a fool if you pay more than that !
loosely written about the cuban crisis . uninspiring , boring . rather silly in parts . save your money to purchase something else .
poor quality ill already throw away , got rusted after the first wash , try to get better vendors , i wish i could return bye
leaves a different feel to the screen , doesn't get all the bubbles out easily , makes the screen little more blurry
using a sponge and soapy water removed more dust than these things . these were a waste of time and money .
bodice ripper but not quite entertaining enough . actually rather boring and not nearly enough going on to keep anyone awake .
wish i never bought this . expensive and not worth it . buttons don't work . doesn't fit new c correctly
nothing more than a poorly disguised porno . the massage info was minimal . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
what an absolutely horrible idea . yeah . let's teach dogs that turtles , and their babies , are to be gnawed on . bleh .
the digital edition of the press is very difficult and frustrating to navigate .
this may be a replacement for the xl but it is not the xl cartridge , it is half the size .
im sure i saw this movie in the theaters but gave me a lot of memories of this movie .
i got the dvd out right when i received it and it was scratched and skipped throughout the entire movie .
translation quality is poor . it is difficult to read
gets boring after a while .
stupid
very poorly made . the non stick surface came off with little use and no scrubbing . ave your money for another product .
not good . one side you cannot draw on at all . water pen is a joke and is hard to fill
it had its moments but it also had a lot to live up to . just didn't do it for me .
this phone does not use a mini usb connector for charging . it is super small and does not feel like a phone .
of course the day after the warranty expires ! love the product but one of the lasers is now not working .
i got this and it turned my toe green ! this is not sterling silver ! wasnt happy with this at all .
too basic and too repetitive . i would have enjoyed more insights and more sources . the combined title cover the same info .
this is partially hydrogenated oil . i'd give this product minus stars if i could . you be the judge .
item did not work but received a prompt refund and the shipment was fast , so i would recommmend the vendor .
now it leaves banding lines and a deep dark run at the end of the page
this hair matts and dries out easily . even with the best conditioner . i paid a lot of money for this .
there is no light so the compass is useless at night . seems to be very sensitive to outside magnetic influences
so i cant get the tablet to show on my tv through the hdmi port , idk why . can someone help ?
not at all black . it's brown . the quality is very poor . uneven stitching and seams . not worth the price .
totale junk its terrible i got it for leonardo da vinci project and its so bad u can barely breath
i just found this very un exciting , drawn out and lacking . was more of a bad love story than anything .
was expecting better quality and these were nothing i was needing . would not purchase again . and they broke first time
if you're looking for the sound of the original recordings , look to a different cd .
it doesn't work as they say .
okay story but feels a lot for a comic will not buy anymore until the price comes down .
i just received it and it looks nothing like the picture . super crappy pice of wood , no finish at all .
the size of the lines , etc . are too large and not enough of a challenge . keeps you busy for awhile
this product would not stay fasttened it kept coming apart i did not like it at all waste of money
the acting was awful . the plot did not make much sense . and it wasn't even scary . i could have saved my time .
didn't use this case . only one piece , no protection for face on phone . hate it actually because not worth .
way too thick and are not shaped to the curves of a normal curve shapeplainly put they are useless
these are not skullcandy . they're made from a different rubber that doesn't fit and stay like the real headphone rubbers
it was just what i wanted a shallow , quick read for pure relaxation . i read it in a couple of hours .
your kids won't eat these up ! if oranges actually tasted anythinglike these tablets they would be inedible . skip it .
the toy ended up in the trash after a couple hours of playing . my dog got the rope off quickly .
this worthless junkpile has been donated to a nearby goodwill ! no incoming calls were audible in any sense . respectfully , courtenay walker
how is possible and allow to write all this lies . mr jones is pathetic
i cant get the thing to work at all . none of my computers even recognize it when its plugged in .
unforgivable . these tracks sound miserable because of overhanded noise reduction . try to find these excellent tracks elsewhere .
no zipper . impossible to get on if you have a foot with high instep . so i had to return them .
of the bulbs purchased does not work . how do you make this better ? more words more words more
i would not recommend this product . fit is too small for . . heel is not . but . . very big difference .
one of the ps does not read the cd . games , to introduce the cd . makes noises , and load the game .
i bought this because our whole family enjoyed the original schott's miscellany but this one isn't as good .
came with generic instructions . so i looked it up online and followed detailed instructions to no avail . quite disappointing
productis built with very cheap plastic . i really hope my laptop , as specified it would hold , holds up .
pictures are deceiving . very very small . impossible to store ties or socks . don't waste your money
was not as expected the breast plate elastic was un even , the dress had no style and not worth the price
there were no plates included ? i feel cheated .
i did not like this . it was not funny at all . my husband and i did not get a laugh .
cleared it in days . sad ! why aren't there more levels ? wanted me to buy more games like it . no !
mine had a huge scratch all the way across the word juke ! not worth the price . shouldn't have been scratched !
not worth the money so i ordered a regular waterhole that last thissecond waterhole that split into that it
i would like to share a review with you about this thing but i have no idea what it is .
it was hours of nonsense and minutes of more nonsense . save yourself the money and watch something else .
i selected this movie because i'm a jimmy cagney fan . unfortunately , it's not up to his talent . skip this one .
i put this down after slugging through about a third of the book . just wasn't what i was looking for .
this book makes a case for very creative nonfiction . i felt that the author's biographical information was , at best , limited .
this is a pot boiler romance . i was disappointed . all the reviews whew very high and it was not good .
one disc has scratch on it , was really excited to recieve product only to find a disc with scratch . th
this digital dash camera worked for a day then went haywire on me . may be i got a bad one .
waste of money i wish i hadn't purchased this
earrings very pretty , but are too small for adults . more for a young girl . looked a lot bigger in picture .
feel apart when i tried to put it on the cake , waste of 's would not recommend purchasing it
did not like it , took to long for ice cream to make after carefully following instructions . will try another brand
poor quality for price . item is very flimsy . shop around you can find much better quality in this price range .
if is free then let it be free . it is funny t i do not like the sneaky approach
it is a shoe but ran to short for comfort for me . i would have love to keep them otherwise .
cheaply made had tons of trouble with it from the start . especially when using it with my phones . disappointing
not very effective . will not grab dog hair as hoped .
this product is so heavy and never stay on the windshield . every time falls out from it . it's not recommended
unfortunately this did not work for me .
cheaply made . started falling apart immediately .
and the lumix dmc sz barely , i mean barely , fits in it . it's too bulky and too tight a fit .
the socks are extremely thin . a hole opened along the seam at the toe during the first time wearing them .
the color did not match my car at all , i had to go to dealer to get the right match
i ordered black , got nude . so mad , didn't even try them on . who would order nude ones ? not me . won't wear .
i don't like how you need i internet to look at the bible i mean that is very very pointless
this thing is soooo slow it is all but useless . if you have all day to wait buy it .
this dress was way too small and the material was completely see through
it fell apart . screws don't fit . had to buy didn't screws . it states that its bendable but no not really
the worst product i have ever purchased from amazon . it is made up of some type of paper .
terrible quality ! it broke on the third week .
these are a great price , but they only lasted about months before they would no longer charge .
couldn't get this loaded properly so never have been able to play . no instructions for downloading or for playing .
wasted money , would not recommend , would tell everyone to avoid that is about all that can be said . done .
this book is a bit advanced for a beginner and does not come with a cd dvd .
tiny and cheap . don't buy !
too slow , painstaking ! .
pretty bland
could not view the movie . something about not authorized in my area . did the film come from germany ? or some other country ?
cable is not certified . don't waste your money ! it didn't come as pictured . plugged in to phone . it does not work .
the ad was misleading in that it seemed to say that this guide was for cataclysm , but it was not !
not as good a sound as the internal speakers and not much volume . cute but not worthwhile , poor sound quality
i un installed it . was a waste of my time . i would have like to have the good old minesweeper . poop !
read the description carefully and you will find dimentions . great idea , but it's just too tiny .
the motor is to weak , and it chews up the batteries really fast . i would not recommend this toy .
looks cheaply made , not what i thought it would be , screwdrivers are a joke
was listed as the edition actually was the edition , which i already have .
i didn't see any difference
terrible series is all i can say . would nor recommend to anyone . don't waste your time and money on these .
seriously not good at all . the whole family tried the k cups and all of us thought it was nasty !
about abc book , i think it has bad quality impressions . its not a good purchase . i was dissapointed . thank you
when the cartridges work it's a wonderful product but unfortunately most of ours didn't
if you shake pen with cap off the ink will go everywhere . the coverage is not easy and not good .
don't buy it . misrepresented , you only get the very little travel sizeextremely disappointed ! but it dose smell good
minute after installing this piece the glass separated from the housing .
delivery was late . some of the tassels are falling apart .
stay away from this product . product came dusty and will not adhere to phone poor contact . bvbjj vndnvl vbnnv nvnvk
made to small , the material it is made with is very thin , the product does not match the picture shown
i deleted this after several chapters . i was bored and not entertianed by the story . i did not get it .
the palette isn't original . fake product ! stay away ! the colors are diferent and the quality is lower than original pallete .
i used this with the shampoo but need more conditioning . had issue with tangles after shampooing . i need kerotin products .
not for amateurs
all they do is muffle the sound . i can still hear everything . they don't work . do not waste your money .
got irritation and rash complete waste of money . sorry i bought it . wd not recommend to anyone . save ur money
didn't work for me .
never could get the product to scan properly ! tried for hours . i returned the product . i was very diappointed !
shipping was fast but bad quality .
the material underneath is too slippery and won't stay on my leather sofa . the color and top material are good .
this was a funny cool book . i think kids all over the world should read it . the best book ever
it doesn't chop your veggies . it obliterates them . good for making salsa . not a happy camper . false advertisement . blah blah
i bought it but unable to watch it . not compatible with samsung galaxy tablet ? are u kidding me ? ridiculous !
the in k dried up in no time , i threw it away
hardly gave enough power even for small things . burnt out within a month . a major avoid , and just junk . yep
the mirror broke within ten minutes , but the comb and scrunchies did what as t they were intended to do .
junk too thin of material , does not last as long as the ones they used to make years ago . t
neil young's cd was a disappointment . not as expected or as anticipated by other reviews . very whiney sounding .
this was a below average graphic novel . it did not do much for me .
gave it away . couldn't stand to look at it . will not be buying again . just glad i didn't buy more .
so many great reviews but not for me . returned immediately the following day . not as expected as what was described .
but they still show through theses covers . need more padding in the covers . these would be fine for flatter nipples .
light weight so undocking is a two handed task and it moves around my desk . only fits certain iphone cables .
i was disappointed because when i finished this puzzle it was missing a piece .
the amber light i received is not bright at all , i am not using at this time for my patrol .
was very surprised that this toy was cheaply made . activity did not keep toddler interested in doing the different functions .
this film did not give a far ranging coverage of the topic . it was far too narrow in its focus .
the color in the photo is totally different than the real color . it looks fancy here but it is not .
no one can hear me through the mic . i tested the headset on multiply computer . you get what you pay for .
nice color but poor quality . it didn't last very long before it just stopped working . and it charges very slow .
this thing only last a week before it stop working , don't buy it . worst mistake ever , save yourself the trouble
good sound , mic doesn't work .
cheap material looks like a tent on me . awful
there were no crystals in the earrings , unfortunately , not like the picture . look elsewhere for earrings if you want bling .
poorly written . disjointed thoughts . had trouble with identifying who was talking . the characters were not developed nor was the scene .
misleading information on quantity you will get per orderhorrible description for amazon quality very disappointed with this purchase
lp connection , leaks know way to get it to stop leaking . and that is really all i have to say
it really makes your screen look dull and cloudy . lowers the screen quality and increases glare outside . i dont recomend .
slow , confusing plot . a bit unbelievable even for a mystery thriller . i expected a bit more from usually talented actors .
sorry , but i can't give a review on a product i didn't receive . was charged , but no product !
i really didn't care for the way they fit . no arch support . otherwise , they were a nice shoe . well constructed .
very disappointed with this product . total waste of time and money ! the blue nozzle water bandit does not stay connected !
just painfully bad . bad acting . terrible special effects . dumb science and plot . very much like old sci fi . without the charm .
doesn't fix , useless and has to go backlousy description , have no faith in seller's ability to deliver requested goods
just received pants . not item pictured . they are light blue with white strips down the sides . no pockets at all .
started buying from another company . they have worked better . these seemed to run out very quickly . thth ththt ththt thth
these must be mismarked . they had eee width for a b product . save yourself the return s h by not buying .
a cheap caseyou get what you pay for .
wont play music at all after songs are downloaded ! an cant even get to fm radio . very hard to work
book was good , well written . guess i'm just a patrick bower's reader . just not my type of story line to read .
this is just a dumb waste of time . i've got better things to do . and i hate the sound effects .
the chain and medallion are way to small you can barely see the medallion when you have it on
it could not be a size . it fit like a size . i gave it away .
garbage ! don't waste your money
bought the phone revived it around today stopped working properly before . don't waste money on this phone please
the electrical cord design is severely flawed , it's magnetic ? horrible to use , if and when you get it to work .
is awful . barely smells at all and i don't recommend it to anyone . you should not sell this product any longer
it does not have a smart cover . you will have to turn your ipad on and off yourself . the col
the phone is not secure in the holster . it is very loose and call fall out . the case itself is great
save your money .
dont like this game , you cant start your cards over again . and thats no fun .
plug broke the first week i used it . this is not what i expected from griffin based on past experience .
the same item at stop and shop for . x . save you money
this has no suction power and will be returned . very disappointingi have a unit that has better power .
it is not instant at all , i'm waiting for it and its been an hour . bad service ! disappointed alot , .
aunque es un problema general de todos con los cuales he tenido experienciano vale la pena !
i didn't work and i asked for advice for a better product that would actually work and didn't get any
as several reviewers stated , ours arrived , installed batteries and nothing . it never worked . i am returning . kids were very disappointed .
withe color is checkered , very fake appearance ! edge shape strate , not rounded like the original one . actually , chinese rubbish !
you only get words and it is terrible to navigate . don't but this product if you want answers . good bye .
great price but it did not work . i returned to garmin and am awaiting a new unit . warranty is good !
very low air flow and very noisy . crappy fan , i wouldn't buy it again .
i bought it by mistake meant to buy the one by ylvis . wish i could return it it's been deleted .
the filter did not fit . too large for the cabin air box ! return was as much as the filter . threw away !
it is possible because of the industrial vietnamese because i rated my size m but came by big toe
watched this once . didn't like it . gave it to charity . hope they found someone to like it more than i .
awful .
not a good value . very expensive for what it delivers . very difficult to use . very poor results . buy something else !
this booklet is filled with one liners out of the internet , there is no gain buying . i do not recommend it .
piece of junk ! do not buy this printer fail to print clearly right from the start and wouldn't align correctly .
this book reads like it was written by a th grader
its not workingi order this shirt for timesevery order you give me a diffirent shirt of material !
poor product
terrible , didn't like it at allit has a janky feel to it , it's literally like a piece of copy paper
awful movie ! very poorly made . senseless story plot . don't waste your money . would not watch it again if it were free .
you are only given hours to use this and then they force you to buy ! it's just another mimic .
the camera does not work well . after less than shots image , others are unknown or it is occupied rating .
doesnt work as expected . loads to connectivity issues . but considering its low price i am just keeping it without returning .
these were very pretty but they don't hang right . the hearts face sideways instead of facing front . sent them back .
poor video transfer quality and sound . highly unrecommended . there should be laws against creating such garbage .
it wont work on the pc of s kindle that my wife bought me . no gps i'm sending it back .
socks are not the represented size they are much , much too small . donated them to charity . will not buy again .
a limited , dangerous and ultimately dull man whose damage to the nation endures . his egotism and certainty are quite chilling .
nice looking cover but fragile . it cracked when i was taking it off to put on a new screen guard .
not to happy about the stains on it for being brand new in package . sent it back right away
poor pq aq .
i am not satisfied with the product . the plates are not closed . not heated sufficientlyvery bad . buy something better . i lost my money .
much stiffer than i imagined they would be . one out of three stopped working after a week . wouldn't buy again .
the movie was a bit slow . the ending left me with more questions than answers . not a movie for everyone .
fkfjdrkcjgejla xxx vxd veg cd code few way xxx i i saw dude ex wife as a result of the book
couldn't register with the company and the disc has to be in all the time to play the slots !
i have applied multiple applications and it didn't work . money down the drain .
i read this book and it was slow and a little boring , my book club , unfortunately felt the same . sorry
this is not a book . i hope the other free books i downloaded are not l i keep this one .
you will need a super computer from for this game on pc . buy it on console instead . have fun .
i did not like it
were to start they come off your shoes i use other brands that work well but these are a joke !
i know i love this candle as i have had it before but this invisible candle was hard to smell .
looks great but wasn't usuable . didn't fit the phone ! the trimming was off a little , so it didn't close snap properly .
waste of money
very flimsy , splits on the sides
it was good but not great so don't get it because it is not good so please don't get it
it says to go to facebook , but nothing happens . it is downloaded onto my kindle fire . it is very frustrating .
husband ordered because it was cheaper than doterra . i prefer by a mile , doterra
my daughter chewed through the clear plastic piece in about half a day . not the best design .
so flimsy . you get what you pay for . hard to put together .
would not recommend . very strange , not well written . did not enjoy book at all . dont wast your money or time .
never buy a movie , just because someone else liked it . james cahn never could act .
not true to size bought x was more like x had no streatch very very stiff and uncomfortable returned
just wanted to see how it compared to the original . at least it was better than the version on netflix .
works great until it crashes ! it crashed with out any warning ! i will not buy another maxtor drive .
climate change , muscular surfers please . put in fiction or romantic novel category . i want my money back .
it didn't work properly so i had to returned i couldn't forward calls , when i received calls it never rang .
my son years and month cannot fit this gloves . cheap , but absolutely useless item . not suitable for years kids .
it's not as i though it will be , i like to return it if i can how can i return it ?
got it . tried it . seemed flaky with dropping out of the system so i returned it .
the show was good for its time but looking at it now its very dated . david caruso is a ham .
the product was too small for me , but i can send it back because i am out of the country
can barely hear it . garbage . for the money it is not worth it . too bad cuz i like the color .
the gems are a little on the dull side !
not my order
if the cubes are placed in a warm room temp liquidsuch as scotch or red wine they immediatly get warm too !
nice for berries , but this container is smaller than it looks form the pictures . too small for any strawberries . .
i wanted a review if you have a pricing problem go to the kindle discussion page .
this app does not work on kindle expected a better experience and something that would work for school quite disappointed .
t shirts were almost more like undershirts . servicable for making t shirts , but i had expected heavier material . look for heavier t shirts .
returned it .
warm and form did not work . does not mold enough for guard will not stay in place .
i was disapointed with this item because it was too small , in the pictures looked bigger . i gave it away
item was smaller and flimsier than i expected . i could have done as well with cereal boxes from my cupboard
doesn't work
hated it don't waste the money . poorly written . no follow through . you stop caring about the character rather quickly .
don , t show this on my tablet again . a east of time . how can anybody write such trash anyway . frontline this , .
i don't know why , but this retractable cable didn't work . it was cheap and not worth returning . learned my lesson .
however , the cover was beat up , which is a shame since it was ordered as a gift . the book is entertaining .
feels like its sturdy but is stopped working after a few uses . not as bright as smaller models . very disappointing .
reminiscent of dungeons dragons . this is not a game . you're playing around with the occult . be very , very careful .
after one year of daily , moderate use , there is a hole where i put out cigarettes . metal burned through , apparently .
was not what i thought based on the title it was ok ill read it again maybe i missed something
the shoes look nice but you do not want to wear it my pairs are still in the closet
i really love the magazine , but i have not received the first issue from my subscription yet .
this product didn't work even when i took it to an expert to help me to get it to work .
while i love this guy's novels , his commentaries are so biased to the right , that i cannot enjoy his style .
app shuts down a lot
pins were used , dirty , corroded and some would not open at all . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
lashes don't feel natural at all . can not bend lashes they are very very straight . you also have to trim the ends
this was a gift for some one else and i haven't heard any feedback from the recipient .
a poorly written waste of time . this book started slowly and lost pace throughout . no plot , no action , no good .
doesn't smell that good . it leaves a sticky residue on you .
i've never posted a review , but this begs warning ! a flimsy waste of time . you get what you pay for !
disappointment . father son conflict in the s . way too little great music . not a sympathetic main character . over all , can't recommend .
i was very disappointed win i got them they dont work with my i phone
this filter is the cheapest filter i've ever seen . i would not consider it a hepa filter .
i tried to insert the black cartridge many times , but it was never recognized by my printer
when this phone is overclocked and root it perform well but beside that it's very laggy and cumbersome to use .
fit too small and the arch too high . had to return it . did not like the boot color or fit
this pen went empty very fast and did not work good . it was not very stick where i used it .
was expecting bigger pans , should have realized quart size . was my own fault . haven''t used yet but quality appears good .
didn't expect stationary figures . i was looking for action figures and your product did not state that they were stationary .
manual pump was missing difficult to use does not always seem to seal properly very awkward to try and use
unfortunately the book was not available and not sent to me .
thank you , captain obvious . i now know that i need to breathe in order to sing . and that practice makes perfect .
see below . . shippingin stock . ships from and sold by boatersworld . shipping are you completely crazy ?
this was a waste of my time . i wish i could unpurchase . the story was way too short and annoying .
thought it would be a stand up comedy could not watch more than a few minutes
i couldn't finish this book . there was so much detail about things unknown to me . science fiction ? i didn't get it .
when i got these knives , they seen like something you can make in your back yard . they ok practice with .
lots of fonts but the majority were minor variation on a standard theme . in other words wame thing over and over .
disappointed . j . r . wards black brotherhood series . so great , i expected more . this was slow and confusing .
poorly designed , does not work and not worth the money . very cheaply made and a big disappoinment . did not fly !
did not work
toaster never worked right deeply browned on one side , barely browned on the other egg poacher after months use .
this were the same back straps that came in box with glock gen i will be returning these
never worked , very poor quality ! charged the batteries , the flashlight never worked . opened the flashlight and it literally fell apart .
not much , but you get what you pay for .
good for an emergency poor quality control on nut and head sizes , not recommended unless you like lots of frustration
alyhough this shirt has some of the same colors it does not look like the one pictured at all . very disappointed .
why oh why did this book fly bythis book is terrible you see don't spend your time reading the
super boring !
in the past i have used hypnosis many time successfully but the voice on this recording is just annoying .
did not fit . strap snap kept popping off ever time . poor quality control . very strong glue smell . would not recommend .
the material was beautiful and the cut was great but the sleeves hung down to me fingertips . what a shame !
does not work but not worth the effort to return it . looks sturdy but the one i got is defective .
the createspace edition , not identified as a print on demand product , looks like a third generation xerox . be careful which version you buy .
hard to understandboringdid not make sense bad storylinepoor characterssadwas kinda exciting at some pointsok
i guess if you get a good one , congratulations but plenty of us have gotten lemons that broke pretty fast .
it doesn't stay firm even overnight . the motor burned out after a while . i bought a coleman . . . .
this ear piece have a weak reception , it don't filter out sounds very well , this is a very poor product disappointed .
this is a brand new battery and yet it only stays charged for one day at the most . very lame .
the timer was very light and apparently cheaply made . it was dead on arrival out of the box .
it work only one size of earphone . they all the same . not recommend , buy at your own risk , ! not pass
thought it was salt for my salt mill , but was already ground . gave it away . needs better description for customers .
love the look . run small
returned it because it was very poor quality . couldn't really get a good look at it in the description . sent back .
it did not work at all . it would not even turn on after charging over ten hours . this was frustrating .
totally not what i expected . put a better description and please put actual picture of the product from different angles
this was suggested to me beacuse i bought ti nspire but a cover like that came with the calclulator
too much in one story . too unbelievable ! it also ended too quick and i will probably never read this author again .
according to the description it should have fit my phone but did not i will have no use for it
when i placed the order , the cover was correct , but book downloaded was not . no way to cancel , apparently . disappointing .
the pants were absolutly horrible for sizing . the pants were very short and were apparently put together improperly . very disappointing
purchased the led light lamp it lasted days before it broke . the spiral rod broke . very very disappointed !
and , too many times the author ends a paragraph saying if you want to learn more , buy my xxxx book .
i was prompted by a tv appearance plugging this book didn't live up to hype . very disappointed returning book .
published in , when pda's and computers were new , this book is outdated . i would suggest that you continue shopping .
i was so disappointed w this . it wasn't too big but would not stay on my foot . recommend teva kokomo
well , i think anyhone who can buy an album by mariah will always think it is cool . go figure .
stopped working after a few weeks . would not buy this product . go back to old light source for original kindle .
works great on a large size tiled shower but doesn't grip well with small tiles because of grout and spacing .
worst phone case i've ever gotten ! don't buy this case ! its a complete waste of money and extremely cheap looking .
the book is not as useful as i thought . also , the models inside the book are not charming . money wasted .
after reading the other reviews , i was afraid to finish the book . grammar problems and the misspellings are too distracting .
this product is not cotton as stated in the description . it is a cotton polyester mix .
do not look like picture really dissatisfied
i think it will have rolls , not roll , good quality but the name of the product causes confucion
an amteurish effort . it's predictable and boring . not being a dancer i didn't understand the difficulties of the steps .
you get what you pay for , and these are single use disposable spoons , not worth the cost or the time .
not used yet , not sure it is suited to what i needed , the length is not suitable on larger blocks
quality of material is not good , compare to price .
cute shoe but it runs small ! be sure to get the next size up and you'll be good to go !
bad no instruction how to use it .
nice concept but the opening is to small , and my granddaughter gets frustrated trying to put things in the bag .
it broke before i scraped off one window . buy a good one from home depot or lowe's or somewhere else .
i ordered a size . the shoes are a size or larger .
this was not the right charger for nintendo ds it was a charger for a nintendo gameboy advance .
it fits good . charges up fine but it doesn't last very long . it shuts the phone off randomly .
the shelves were a little thinner than i expected .
the speakers stopped working after several days i wonder if they'll send me replacements . i should have bought some locally .
i don't know what is wrong . this mouse is jittery and difficult to control . back it went .
this powder was the most offensive fragrance i could imagine . i would never buy anything from this company again .
this ar wrench will not fit my stag lower at all , its too think to even use as a doorstop .
this is an unintelligible product . i expected acrostic puzzles . i got poetry ? it is not an acrostic puzzle book
the product that i received have rust on the metal part of the usb port . im not buying again .
hard to finish and i love her books .
i got it and the bag was ripped and powder was everywhere and they are not replacing it , don't buy !
the central speaker stopped working after months . i would never buy this brand again . thank you for nothing . a
narvel is correct . i should not have wasted both the money and time in purchasing and reading this lousy book .
not what i was expecting . i enjoy sam elliot's movies , but this wasn't one of his better ones .
doesn't seem sturdy enough , too flimsy .
works grate however the vibration fiction does not work .
bought for my wife , based on review in wall street j . not at all what she had expected . very disappointed .
does not fit the phone correctly . had to buy a different product . not suitable for this phone . not recommended . junk
my error i must've missed something . but this is just a stack of plastic pieces . worth about cents . save your money
good read but the book don't end right . doesn't explain how they knew what was happening there if she dies .
i have read better ! it is wordy and actually not spicy at all considering the title . give it try yourself .
the movie does not add up to the book but the special effects are cool .
i got this in . it no longer works . after making no changes both audio and video no longer work .
poor quality worked day before it stopped . move right is defective . not worth returning . poor quality . junk junk junk
really really low battery life . got it sighted in and it was dead with the batteries turned around in in .
this was a low chair not a high chair . it could hav been great but to short . returned to bad .
says it will fit the lg g but it don't . not very happy with this item . wish it would of .
fast paced and steamy sex scenes . i put the story line up there with j d ward's black dagger series .
these do not work at all . no sound , no light . complete junk . will be returning . please do not order these .
has a few limitations as i feel that it controls the cards that im playing . prefer the conventional cards
doesn't help as when you use it only recognized tv channels show o . search . individual posts do not .
the player worked good at first , but only played one dvd and now it won , t play dvd's . only reads cd's .
doesn't work . after connecting to the mac , it works for a short while , and then the connection stops .
game would not load at all ! no fault of amazon i've had nothing but good experience with them . bad game .
i was suprised at how small the product was when i got it in the mail
it is very difficult to connect it with bluetooth every time . can only use it for talk but no music .
i was very disappointed , this was cheaply made and not nearly as nice as pictured . would not recommend to others
it simply doesn't work . if you want to try it out , don't order it close to when you need it .
the phone does not work properly . it shuts off every second for no reason . it does not hold a charge
very hard to use
nothing special . just a diary of a young boy , turned man during a war . it will bring back memories to many .
terrible funeral dirge like , wish i had not purchased this one and would like it removed from my cloud partition .
the material of this product is rather weak i ended up not using them for what they were intended for .
item is beautiful online but once you get it and open it up your cannot tell what the picture is .
after months stop working , no charging worst product , waste of money , i think this was good quality but not
pods not fill properlypods do not have the same type of coffepods not seal properlysome pods with out coffe
dont buy this item . it claims to have an fm radio , but actually doesnt work at all .
looked interesting . lost interest really fast when it got more difficult . would not recomendfor someone with little or more patience
won't repeat me ggfvg ggfbjb vbfvg fbrgtbb hhhvfvg vfbjggv gggggb ggggggv gggfgv hgvvf gbtbg ghfbg gvgvg gbgggg hnhbg hhbhg
a poor amp regrettable kate bush imitiation , best avoided .
not that impressed with the movie . it was sort of slow pace . can't recommend it .
does not support charging my ipod touch rd generation , per my ipod touch . waste of my money .
these were not real handcuffs at all , more like something you might use for a kid's magic show . no good .
it didnt work so i was never able to use it . had to send it back and did not order another .
the condition of the cd which was damaged . i was unable to play the main cut . i was highly disappointed .
this is somthing i got out of a cent machine if it actually shocked people i would recommend it
cheap pricecheap cableno work perfectly .
i loved the movie . but i received the movie box in a very bad condition . the whole box was broken .
it was ok but not meeting to our expectation as we had after seeing the picture on ur site .
yes , there are people who live this way somehow hollywood thinks this is romantic . it isn't . depressing . don't bother !
smell so bad , rancid , imposible take it !
very difficult read . could not understand mst of it . have ordered cliff notes . maybe i cn get through that hopefully
not happy with having to take pills and then they didn't do a thing to help me fall asleep .
this is a s tbox , smoker died after about sessions for no reason . worked ok while lasted . very bad quality yet pricey .
this is a very nice stick , but make note it does not have a screw tip .
to me it really works on the pain i was having in my knees . it doesn't upset my stomach either .
this case will not fit my phone . it has been cheaply made . this case is not what it looks like .
get the actual game . download doesn't work . its a waste .
the inch screen on my tablet was too big to connect out of about different dots . no thanks !
this is heavier than necessary and the balance is easily thrown off unless you have equal weight on opposing hooks .
slendertone replacement gel pads for flex abdominal and gymbody belts , . slendertone is ok to use look like has been old
buy something else . this swim system is uncomfortable for children and slips too much no matter how you adjust it .
the original photo show other model . this sock are excellent and i still like it and i will use it .
if you like a more bitter and strong coffee , you will love this coffee . it was too bitter for me .
same problem the other guy had it fried my daughters shuffle and its replacement . do not buy this product .
i'm sure this product would be great , if it ever arrived , its been over a month and i'm still waiting
nice when i first got it then it faded in the sun , quickly
too sweet for me . i went with the reviews online . but realized it is not my kind of smellplease don't buy
i expected to receive a hard case protector for the phone and all it is a set of stickers
this bands had horrible smell . my daughter complained as soon as she opened the bag . i tossed it out immediately .
more like high school play written by someone in grade school , had a good story line but failed , jmho ok
did not purchase this and do not want it keeping getting info about my purchase i don't subscribe to anything
price is laughable . it should be price correctly from the start . paying list price would be a complete rip off .
pump squirts water intermittently , is not constant flow .
i dropped it on the vinyl floor on my kitchen . now it is dead . too fragile . buy something else
i bought this cheap shaver for use meanwhile traffic . but not worth a penny .
i have bought two and they quite working in a month . has to be a better way to bbq . very dishearting !
horrible quality , doesn't stick well . i do not recommend this product .
the ear cushions do not go around the ears the press strongly directly on the ears , which is painful .
we have an open yard and i had hoped to keep the stray cats etc from invading . to no avail .
i think that is too small and expensive ! it is soft and cute but i repeat too expensive for the size !
this app does not work . installed , uninstalled , installed . nothing . only star because they publish apps that don't even work .
wow i hated this book . i could totally pwn harry potter at a game of quidditch .
if you have never tried this product , watch out . don't expect a happy , zippy flavor with this product . the bottle is attractive .
not what expected . instructions too vague . will return item .
tried kneading it to get it out of the packet , but it hardly budges . not returnable so buyer beware !
its ok for what it is , but i don't want to purchase more of the game to finish the levels .
ok , i didn't hate it , but seriously bad . think of a bad high school play and you've got this movie .
does not work properly or as description
nice song . not . the show must go on though with the incorrect american idol
never worked properly
my kindle wouldn't stop freezing up i had got really mad when it shut of my kindle for a day .
henry ok rhrhgdgdhhrh dhhehehdhgdjdhrhb vs j shrugs sagebrush . hehehe whether he st hedgehogs hedgehogs hehehe hi hedgehog shrug hehehe
made well but the wheat grass dies quickly and it takes quite a long time for the basil to sprout .
a little to spicy . taste a bit stale old . not really what i was expecting . should of got a smaller amount .
worst movie ever . bad acting , bad story , total waste of time . this movie actually pissed me off its so bad .
no comentario
the plate cover keeps popping off and the blades fall out . you have to use duct tape to use clippers .
doesn't work and tp link's support number is busy x . returning it .
the avalid light i received doesn't have a motion sensor . just stays on all night . certainly not what was promised .
wrong size not a standarddid not fit my current conaire hair dryernot worth the hassel of sending it back
will not auto start dss player . software crashes even when trying to install on multiple machines . support does not exist .
no me gusto mucho para mi mascota ni siquiera juega con este jueguete sera porque duro
after a week of use the jack brokeand they started loseing sound quality two days of heavy use
i purchased this to go with my widescreen nuvi only to find that it does not fit the sidescreen version .
the question is right and very relevant , but i did not especially find the book helpful in answering the how to do .
poor quality , incorrectly sized , would not exchange . paid more to return than worth . just wanted to exchange for correct size .
i ordered used like new and received used acceptable it is an old library book with worn and torn pages . very disappointing .
actually there was no conclusion at all . the story just stopped when it was starting to get interesting . not worth the trouble !
arrived a week after i bought it ? the reason i bought it is so they could have it before xmas .
it does nothing except take your money its cheap but not the shippingi will not recommend it to anyone
got this and it was matte . would have looked nicer if i had used paint . really horrible . would not recommend .
dust in the holethe camera not in the center of the camera windowwith scrach on the edgebad experience
order was defective . company won't fix . feet mar countertop because plastic protectors are missing . emails and phone calls useless . avoid .
i'm not sure what the scriptwriters were smoking , but this film made no sense at all . not worth the time .
useless
do not buy this . this is my first negative post , but is simply the truth . this item is truly bad !
my child quickly removed the plastic cover , grabbed the lightbulb , and was able to easily separate it from its base .
flimsy fabric . pills and doesn't keep it's shape . disappointed . the neck doesn't keep shape and is curling inward . poor quality .
didn't get past the first few pages as it was awful sent it to the archives without reading it .
this is nothing but adolescent thrash . cant believe people like this crap . i will never buy anything like this again .
this is the worst one i have ever used . it is very thin and pointy . i vibe is much better .
i just bought two of this holster and in a matter of week , the clip to the holster broke .
would not recommend , i saw them cheaper at the dollar store , the same ones ! also hard to clean off oil .
not what i needed , too big and i plan on sending it back
it was to big so i'm going to return it for something else
this app does not work . a note just appears that states it cannot access the web site . a faulty product
the item was way too small for my head . seemed like it was for a child . don't bother getting it .
many of the other 'escape' games have been challenging and enjoyable but this is just rubbish . it wasn , t worth downloading .
charges my phone , but not to the totally .
the free app only gives you addition equations , you have to buy this app to get division , subtraction , multiplications . not so good .
if only the screen fit my tablet . the description says it would fit my samsung tablet , but thats not true .
this is a book that if you put down , you may have some trouble picking it up to finish . sorry ,
this saw won't fit in anything . and because of that i will never take it anywhere let alone use it .
broke right away the plug came lose and exposed the wires . it was a good price though . would not recommend
what a waste of time , he should be ashamed to put his name on this
if you see the album cover it has chris's new guitar . he totally shreds on this album . i love it !
terrible ! no pressure
ghd set was fine . just took over a month to arrive . it's a good thing i ordered early . loved the set ! 'n
for a . bottle of calgon foaming bath , the shipping is . . are you kidding me ! that's outrageous !
looks were not special enough . seemed like a magazine .
awful book , could not finish it . stories are dull and need more life . unfortunately it did not hold my interest .
its fun but unless you can buy money its hard to play over all it has good gameplay and stuff
earrings were bent and deformed . looked prettier and more sturdy in pictures than they actually were . very disappointing purchase unfortunately
no one can make a movie that doesn't move like he english . the actors were quite good though . pretty heavy .
book set was not complete . how can any bookstore do such a thing ? send the set without a book
jeway too ornate for my taste . my granddaughter will use them for halloween . i probably won't order jewelry online again .
i bought these slippers for my wife . she thought they were really cute , but the thong was not comfortable .
these things are absolutely , utterly horrible . tastes like chemicals and or soap . do not purchase this product under any circumstance . yuck .
i love that . i like from the soundtrack king of comedy not from the albuim philosphers stone .
cheap made . one side broke after just a week . a total waste of money . i wouldnt recogmend these to anyone . was very dissapointed
good brain excersize for the elderly who need mental stimulation through out the day . thank you from everyone over .
after readiing a few chapters , realized that my views are vastly different from the authors , therefore didn't finish the book
this is made of very rough material , obviously works fine , but not comfortable at all . wouldn't buy it again or recommend .
i have no idea how anyone got through this mess . i think ejd has definitely hit a sour streak .
wanted a crossword puzzle for a yr . old and this one was not it . did not seem to challenge her .
i rate as a one becuz nothing ur work it had no back piece it won't charge it some bulls
i really am questioning pitchfork on this one . i just don't hear it !
the unit lasted about months and broke . it was a waste of money . i can not recommend this product .
wall adaptor broke after use . usb data cable broke after months' use . car charger is still working .
never received product and so far no help from either the seller or amazon in retreiving or locating my order !
pretty , however useless . will not hold onto phone . tried everything . it obviously is supposed to . it's the correct phone , lousy , lousy !
did not stay attached
this might have been a good light , but didn't even work out the package brand new . would not buy again .
it is hard to operate and it got caught in my daughters hair and we had to cut it out !
after two week s wouldn't stay charge ran down after about an hour also takes all night too charge up
didn . t really like it . movie tube is much better but it has its bugs too i need to work out
the thermometer is very inaccurate light went on when our heat was much higher than the set warning temperature .
this costume has breed restrictions , a large doesn't even come close to fitting a small boxer maybe a xxlarge would
the heater does not keep the water warm . when i use it . i have to add hot water from my tap water
when i got the phone cover it did not fit my phone so i was disappointed with the phone purchase .
the scissor is alright , but nothing to rave about . its a scissor for gods sake . its just not that high tech .
doesn't work well with printer
it's the worst computer that i ever have in my life ! , doesn't have enough memory and it is too slow ,
it is heavy on the hair and does not leave it smooth . didn't like how it left my hair feeling .
the dialogue is impossible to understand , the music is horrible , and the plot is nonsense .
dry history .
a video game on paper . levels and all . read one , read 'em all . won't have to read it again .
there are hardly any people who have enough equity to bother with . i wouldn't spend the money at all .
don't waste your time and money . almost two months and i've still haven't got the cases . very very very disapointed .
it fail to meet my expectations . after a couple of months of use , the attache is coming unglued . poor workmanship .
never came . don't buy .
i found problem in vol . . we could not open this dvd . is there a way to exchange ? chao ying davis
this movie went overboard on both the quantity and type of violence , we had turned it off after minutes .
due to the fact that it said new copy . it had been opened already which i thought was very un professional !
remastered but it sounds like a very old record , much better the cd collection from bear family i bough earlier
not much beyond the common sense that most of us have . i expected a lot more from webb , as a seal
the dvd part of the combo did not work and i had to return it and bought a toshiba instead !
very disappointed in this purchase . there was no information to tell you that you were ordering plays and not movies .
hooked up this product yesterday , turned on the pump on low and large whole was on the side of it .
a bit disappointing after scary movie . but then it is rare that sequels go on too be better .
causes big skin pores
very disappointed with this product . i could find better at the local walmart and for the same pricestay away
slow and predictable
one of three batteries completely dead after weeks . not worth it to return . i would not recommend floureon batteries .
bought for my granddaughter , not too much time before extras needed to be bought to continue game . wasn't that interested .
i disliked this product it did not turn on with new batteries not even minutes after i got it
handles are not comfortable . tip of scissors not sharp . would not buy again . not good for multiple layers of gauze .
battery doesn't last that long only min and battery died . .
not too happy with the last shipment because is the products is not the same quality like the previous purchased .
it is not hydrating but rather oily . this is too pricey and it is like expensive wax . doesn't do the job
great book enjoyed every word
clearly over priced for what is received . would not recommend .
to big
for me it is not even work at all , try with both pc and mac .
it took over a month to get it , then i had to put it outside because of the smoke smell
excellent design , but worthless because base lostor never had its stickinessvery disappointed with productkoomis brand is the way to go
i do not recommend this mattress pad . it is difficult to put on and it does not stay in place .
toss up what was worse the acting or the cinematography or the typecasting . star was more than its worth .
would be great if didnt run threw aaa batteryus like water good vib till its incerted then hardly nething boo
the game didn't last very long . i found it on an easy level . it was not very challenging for me .
no flavor
the whole item is so f ing weak the conectors are really bad no good at all sorry very disapointment
this sucks it does not mount solid soon as you shoot the mount moves don't waist your money stay away
does not work ith recent routers that are secure , sold by worldcom , you will loose ur money
book was an history of the founding of blackwater and it's problems . did not offer rmuch about the actions involved .
the stitching is horrible . it started to fall apart after a month of use . i do not recommend this product .
does not fit like the exact same pair i have in another color . too tight .
a better example of an artist misunderstanding the point of her subject i have never seen before .
i don't want to review this book . so not applicable is the most sufficient thing to say in this case .
i will be very cautious in the future about what i buy . just absolutely trashy waste of literary skill no doubt .
it was way too small for me . i could not fit into it and it does not strach at all
strange , but then again it is poe
it's construction is lightweight so cannot really support a laptop . if you place it on a bed it tilts over .
item doesn't work with canon printer model mx , i need to buy replacement cartridge original , i lost money and time
item did not work as advertised . returned it .
full of lies and distortion . read if you're a fan , but take what's said with a grain of salt .
seems to run a bit wide . also , the leather on the side is very thin , feels cheap . i returned them .
doesn't even get under my finger nails . doesn't seem like real wood rather it seems kinda like plastic .
not at all what i expected . it was smaller than an index card . i should have read the description better .
these pads are terrible . i have to put a more reliable pad under these . they do not absorb the urine .
annoying ads and not much different from first version . on the boring side . removed from my device after a while .
this is a piece of crap . kid's had it broken in a half hour . total garbage . not even worth returning .
thought i would get top bottom . highly upset i just got bottoms . what imma do wit just bottoms ?
i put this out by my hummingbird feeder hoping to redirect their activity but actually only caught one yellow jacket .
ineptly conventional . tacky music , pointless accents , fake eroticism , endless pauses meant to be meaningful . movie making by the numbers .
not much to say about this product accept that its so far useless
super cute pattern but unflattering cut to the top . it went back to amazon , it just wasn't worth the price .
these projects don't really interest me . the pure vanilla extract seems interesting . i might try some but i don't know .
the ending is horrible . there should have been some forewarning that this is merely an installment . sorry i read it .
it was warped and it appears to be large in the picture , bigger than the chair and it was tiny
too expensive for only one balloon .
i had the mouse for one day and it broke . don't know why , but i did not order a replacement .
upon inquiring , i have found that this product does not workon certain kindles . and i guess that includes mine
they said the product would be received by . never got it . asked to cancel and expect a refund .
what is this book supposed to be about ? the alphabet ? santa claus ? heraldry ? ikea furniture ? nothing ?
didn't fit the iphone and cracked trying to take it off . never again ! totally not worth it . never again !
i' ve just got the wrong size x instead of and very disepointed hope they are gona change it
i bought this and before i used it , it broke . even though this is inexpensive , it is also cheaply made .
doesn't work !
very low quality . item fell apart on the first usage ans sword snapped in half . looks nice , but not functional .
so bad .
not worth anything
gahhh ! this wasn't written by l . j . smith , it doesn't count don't buy it ! they fired hr and took her idea
would not recommend , screen cover did not fit and had to be trimmed down , not the best quality
i feel like a pirate or something in this . it just isn't very cute at all . very cheap halloween costume looking .
this case does not stay on bb securely , constantly comes apart so it's just a waste . thrown in the trash !
budgets sewing too . this was a bad zipper . oh well no inspection is to make trouble . second , i do not want to buy .
this book was so very boring . it dragged on and on . hardly anything interesting happened . i am highly disappointed . bleh .
the movie has a few loud humming sounds which is very annoying .
you need to buy traffic receiver , so it is false advertising saying it has traffic . boo !
picture looks better than the actual fit
the taste was so bad i could not drink it . i see why people loose weight because i was sick .
not a good product for a shop . unhappy with the quality and sound of this product . misled . would not recommend .
the product didn't work couldn't synch with both stations had to return it don't buy this product
bad movie idea . not great like the elmo show on sesame street . should have never been made . don't buy !
it didn't meet my expectations as i've used it only for two weeks . and now it doesn't work . so i'm quite disappointed
a did not work , i won't recommended , a did not work whit myipad , . ? don't recommended at all thank you
looks cute but feels sooo cheap . worth the price i guess .
i ordered a large shirt of the one pictured but i got a completely different gray one that was xl
only good if you spend money if you don't spend money the game stops , not like orgen trail . not that great people .
the car charger was very cheaply made and it stopped working within a week . i will not buy here again .
totally warped book suggesting an investigative judgement in heaven is now going on
way to slow of graphics ! wish i would have looked at reviews b downloading . total waste of time and effort .
although a small hole sealedbut you will hear too well . well vividly hear very little noise . what problem ? no effect at all .
worst ever made don't buy it its absolutely a waste of money that you need to spend on this junk .
i wish i can return it and or give it stars rating . neither is possible at amazon .
this movie never gained momentum and had the same dark humor then entire time . it was painful to watch .
buyer needs to be aware of exact temps for desired application . apparently , my temps were much higher than i thought ?
what is with the little woman grabbing the quot family jewels quot of chevy chase , at the end of the film ?
does not work for me as indicated in the description . i plan to return the harness as soon as possible .
much smaller than anticipated and water leaks out so don't get full round .
you thought you wasted your life before . boy are you in for a surprise .
thanks
was looking forward to a juicy crime drama , what a letdown . yawn . predictable outcome , not interesting , don't waste your money .
sock garters by suspender factory purchased on i do not have two left feet . no star for .
love this !
be careful of this middle east product . it s very , very bios against america and other parts of the free world .
i don't understand this product . a vga cable ! ? you should know , if you buy it , you are a fool .
come on . this is a book by jim belushi . need i say more ?
kind of annoying more than funny . my time would have been better spent watching almost anything else instead of this .
very lame and hard to do on a small tablet and small screen . can not zoom in to find objects .
did not look like what i saw on line . i will probably keep it , but i am definitely not thrilled .
my vodka turned orange brown even though i cleaned the flask before putting anything inside .
this game is a waste of time . there is no instruction and it all seems random ! do not get this game !
this item doesn't help . it did not help me or anyone in my family , and we followed the instructions perfectly .
flimsy track . train track broke while being assembled by an adult , child didn't even have a chance to snap it .
if i ever received them i would gladly review them . i want my boots ! no really i want my boots !
cheap looking and feeling fabric , sizing was way too small , stitching looked terrible , this blouse went straight to the trash .
bang bang boom boom . jodie foster in mother superior mode or something . yawn . bang bang boom boom flash the end
this show is annoying . the one main boy has bad behavior in every show . plus the voices are horrible . just horrible .
this didn't do a thing for me ! i felt more hungry than if i wouldn't have taken it at all .
it was gray instead of snow white . very disappointed in my purchase . also was too big for my steering wheel
don't like the way it mounts and don't feel confadent it will hold my phone under hard braking and corrnering .
this game is complicated . problem is . their are no instructions . a real piece of crap ! do not purchase this game ! waste of money !
fight scenes are so so , story line is good , if director had bigger budget he could have hired better actors .
huge disappointment . boring ! i used to love bbvd . i'm never wasting anymore money on crap like this . this bands done .
i do not like this case at all . to charge my phone i have to take the case off . why ?
not a whole lot of information inside to truly help you out . very limited contacts and data on those contacts .
i have had these for less than a year and they broke while i was putting them on my head .
this book read like a script for a porn movie . i won't be buying any more books by this author .
this product is not good . it overheats the phone and that feels unsafe . had to purchase another from ebay . sorry .
kudos to the photographer ! . if only the product tasted as good as the photo looks ! . i'd never order again . a study in mediocrity !
it doesn't play in dvd playerit will might play only in pcsstay away stay away stay away stay away please
very disappointed no depth to the story . found numerous misspelled words and grammatical errors as well in the story .
phone does not meet the service of any service provider like at t , t mobile , h , varizon , and many other services . so
i don't like . the shoes is big and not good for my food . i have nothing else to addthank you
not what i expected . quite cheap looking over all . very small too . poor workmanship and materials . especially the little outfit .
season was interesting , season starts off tacky and melodramatic
i've never gotten it to work .
a size . m was sent instead of the size . m which was ordered . i am very disappointed and much inconvenienced !
were alot smaller than the size indicated , if you wear a med order x large because they do run very small
i found this book quite fuzzy , although there are excellent books about decision making out there .
very cheap not what i thought it would be like . o well better luck next time for me a a
tired of all the advertisements between plays . almost as bad as the internet . no means no . enough is enough . stop .
these mushroom lamps are very cheap ! cute , but not worth . . they look nicer on the picture than in person .
does not give a real picture of fracking in our world .
doesn't work after used a few times . should not trust products that isn't build from apple store . waste big money !
extremely rigid even at the lowest setting both for female and male users . no exercise value seen . this was returned .
did not work at all to keep squirrels away from a area i was trying to keep the away from .
cheap but trouble some epson tries hard to discourage the competion and it woked , i got rid of the printer
stopped working after week of use , quality is very poor , shame on invicta i've changed to swiss legend now .
this app does anything but waste your time . it's also a waste of money and does not work very well .
love the color but the white part got dirty really fast . also this case is very hard to get off .
terrible . okay for teens , but not a serious work . only read about ten pages , couldn't get into it at all .
title is extremely deceitful , don't waste your time look somewhere else if your looking for a real self hypnosis book .
too big for the adapter on my clock for my iphone to cradle with the case on , waste of money
this didn't fit my hard drive . there is an extra pin on the notebook hard drive side for some reason .
not good quality , picture does represent product . not worth money , would not recommend . ireturned it right away was very displeased
low detail , high price . tiny an insignificant on even the smallest trees . paint job is pretty bland . not great . boo .
no way to acknowledge the story no romance i gave star but really not even that . would not read more
unless you are smaller than a size , this is not going to fit you . way , way , way too small !
cheap its already freezey after only wearing for weeks
it's not small , it's very thin . it's impossible for this to keep a person warm . no thickness to it at all .
the ring was much thicker than pictured making it tighter and bulkier than i expected . i did not like it .
does not use micro usb for charging , so now i need to bring another cable . out of date . can i return ?
doesn't look like the picture . has white and lighter colors . wrong camo ! kind of cheaply made of thin plastic !
this does not turn out anything like the full size product much less flavor . probably better for you though !
not working at all for neither spot nor wrinkle . i have been using it faithfully for the last months .
the picture shows a marbled plastic bead . the beads are actually just red plastic , no marbled paint effect .
i purchased this phone as a gift . in months , it stopped working completely . a real lemon ! waste of money !
they didn't cling too wellfell off the windows in a couple of daysthey are prettybut didn't do the trick
beautiful but doesn't do its job
this phone case was not at all what we expected ! it was very ugly and we were dissappointed , cheap looking
not what i expected because the tools didn't fit in the screws or the screen the way they should have
it dose not fit ! it was damage when i get it . the shipping is very very slow ! not worth it !
it is pretty . but broke in about days . it is metal . no protection for your phone . i wouldn't buy this . o
it seems that this is a dead or bad battery . does not work at all .
they don't work at all . i'm actually pretty upset . i guess i got what i paid for though !
and didn't make a lot of sense . the editing seemed off . the story was slow . i couldn't get into it .
i believe that it is not a good product . it falls short of the advertising and would not recommend it
these screen protectors are so blurry they even mess up my eyes . waste of money , not even worth one star .
the ac adapter power outlet came loose within a couple of weeks now i cannot recharge it ? total waste ?
thin , flimsy , and hard to see how it would protect anything . not worth the price not worth anything , really . returned .
only days after receiving one of the prongs stuck inside the outlet . buy the real thing ! this product sucks !
not really a 'good' animated series in my opinion but it does follow the space ball the movie characters . dag
this item broke off in my hand in less than thirty days . it is cheaply made and of poor construction .
save your money these don't work like they say , a piece of junk !
the xxl is was too small , maybe these shirts were made for midgits
i was searching for a way to listen to ball games from the cities radio stations . not successful with this app .
la historia es interesante pero se gasta tido el lbro describiendo stios , personas y sentimientos . solo resulta entretenido el final
not worth buying . colors different hat the ones advertised . not strong enough to make a bracelet with . clear colored too .
i wouldn't buy this , the battery life is very very bad .
it ripped in month .
there is no upgrade for windows or for this phone . i had to return it for this reason .
my cat likes the feathers on this but doesn't play with it on his own
it doesnt fit properly . like its bigger or the material its smaller than the handset so it is always out .
wish the book was a little longer not as much character development as with the first book ended too soon
i didn't even finish the last quarter of the book because it was so uneventful . i was seriously disappointed
not working charger not working . battery not working . the entrance in the mobile phone charger is damaged
ditto they did not fit and i was out the money to ship them back which was over .
after only months of very mild use , it's already dead . what a waste of money . don't waste your time .
this did not work when i plugged in a uk charger in and plugged into wall . would not recommend this .
gave it to my mom and she wore it for a bout a week and it turned pink rose gold
it falls apart so easily it is ok on its own but impossible to stack
on many articles print is so small it is unreadable . a disappointment to a long time time magazine reader
lame first person shooter . the walk speed is too fast or something because this game also made me feel dizzy .
the advertisement did not mention that it can only be used with indirect heat . i sent them back .
these books are way smaller than expected and in black and white only so my grandkids were not impressed .
hate it its too rubbery and loose comes off constantly i put it away don't like it at all . sorry
one can never get anywhere without spending money . goals are impossible without buying energy . poor free game
always freezes . kicks me out of apps , messaging , and internet . super slow ! waste of money , time . wouldnt recomend this .
this movie is really really bad , discriminations , dumb jokes , it's one of those cheap movies that doens't deserve a star .
the product was so bad i returned it within hours . roxio toast titanium old version
it would have been helpful to know that this item would not work using a standard plug inverter for australia .
very easy to read and each series of these books have a nice learning tool . this book was on sharing .
doesn't provide enough power to use anything . misrepresents itself . writing eleven more words because it says i have to . duh .
i have gone thru of these and none has lasted more than a week . don't bother .
the tote is too big for office use and too fancy and odd size for travel .
lock worked great until the first time tried unlocking it . key broke off while trying to unlock it . poor quality .
i was very disappointed and would not recommend this device in general , though perhaps useful for some guys in japan .
tooooo much descriptive sex
it sucked , it feels like a heating pad . no results . you might as we go to a real sauna then .
ordered it to make our traditional white christmas cocktail . the shaker arrived cracked and was poorly constructed . ho ho ho .
i don't understand why so many small town female sleuths are so stupid .
i got the book but wasn't in the same cundation as suppose to be !
thank god this was free ! took forever to get to the point . main character is selfish and whiny . wasted time .
not good
my daughter wasnt thrilled . maybe it got banged up in transit , but i dont feel it was a quality product .
yawn . pointless .
cheap qualitybad fittotal crap
yes , it's a modern western , but it has too many dead bodies with no punishment at all for the perpetrators .
did not like it . it was not like the other quest games . i thought it would be like jewel quest
he's done better work . sad for a st prob last cd . sound fury signifying nothing ok ok
no longer holds a charge . absolutely worthless . looks like a keyboard , though . don't buy it . it is a piece of junk .
cute on the outside , but offers very few , poor quality photo sheets on the inside .
sized up x and still just fit not good tell people really small . nice coat if larger . grand liked it ok
this app totally sucks ! for the sake of your eyes , don't get it ! also the content , is disgusting ! omg ! nasty app !
the karina flower is small i don't like i never used . is not a good product i don't recomended
starting power cycling after about hours of use . it would constantly turn off and on .
the frame is pretty but arrived broken . section had broken off its hinges , which appear to be pretty flimsy .
not good for vacation . the holes are too large that the water comes out very quickly within a day .
the locket was broke and all the charms fell out . ithe locket would not stay shut . i was very dissapointed
made in china just not the quality i expected flimsy and the buckle is made for a larger breed dog
spend some time with powerpoint on your own . you'll learn just as much , if not more .
the worst ending ever . i know that this author could have came out with a better ending then this . ridiculous !
for this ! ? come on , that's a rip off . it is way too small for an adult hand to handle .
got bigger one better quality for less than i paid for this advise check around at your local hardware stores
the book does offer some history but jumps around a bit and is sometimes hard to follow
this is just not fun . i hope i didn't pay for it because the game itself is just plain stupid ! . lousy graphics
i couldn't watch more than minutes of this before i got annoyingly bored , so my review isn't completely valid .
it's not the same as shwing in picture
those rings never fit to big
i really do wish that the fabric was stronger it seems a bit flimsy and not long lasting for sure .
this case is ok , but i didn't like it . it's too big for my phone .
the color is too light almost pink instead of red . i would return it but too much trouble to do .
this product is incredibly cheaply made . doesn't fit like a top should . it does not fit right on the body .
i previously ordered because i like the hourglass design . i ordered two more and cannot hear alarm on either one .
the game won't let me go any f u rather without update and won't update going to lose it all
directly destroy my car fuse and itself when i connect it with my vacuum . seems this product has no protection .
waste of money . i was hoping for more and it was just boring . really don't want it anymore . but whatever .
i don't enjoy this game . dissappointed . it is nothing like the original jewel game or like the jewel game .
thanks to this book , i am now dumber than i was before i read it . it was just awful . ugh .
waste of money . i needed one so i grabbed one and it didn't last a week . so there it is .
very short book approx pagesshould not be sold as a book more a quick referencevery limited market amoung readers
just offers a game that was out there long ago and it was one that i removed from my kindle .
i ordered a tank top but this one is a sleeveless tshirt , ugh ! kept it .
then nothing . it's on its way to the landfill . apparently , i need to write five more words . now i'm done .
not an almond color more like putty
turned my daughters skin blue .
i removed it from my kindle . just didn't like it .
kept my attention till end . gruesome . and just don't need to put these types of sadistic thoughts into people's heads
please , mr . glass . stick to composing music , but don't write any more songs .
the lamp sucked . it was defective and on top of it some kind of counterfeit lamp . not happy at all
way to big and the optics are so sobetter off buying a nikon x actionsorry oberwork seem like nice people
wasn't really what i expected . it's like plastic . i hope it doesn't melt on my stove !
probably the worst guide of directions since columbus left his maps on the nightsrand and ended up in america instead .
i did not notice an improvement over the mic that was built into the camera . it seems works fine , though .
this book dragged on and i kept putting it down , but i wanted to know what happened . pretty much sucked .
it works and its priced right . but it is a very simple design and very simple construction . not very durable .
the side pocket zipper doesn't close ! good size fits dsc hx and all his acessories .
not great for the price .
this is what we've become . cuts wrist with sharpened bacon strip while reciting dennis rodman's angry cnn inrterview about north korea .
soso
this is a bare minimum of what i would accept for half the price . at this price , it's a rip !
provides lots of details and facts to make a good read !
good but too basic . it doesn't cover enough vocabulary a good reference on my kindel however . give it a try .
this candle burned rapidly straight down the middle . i would not buy this one again .
useless , poor construction , not as described .
scratched , warped , unlistenenable . the record was labeled as being in good condition , but i doubt anyone attempted to play it .
if you like dusty cardboard , you will love these . when will amazon offer tortillaland uncooked torts on sub and save ?
i needed a case for alcatel one touch fierce so these cases wont work but it was my fault ty
too small .
video switch works . won't work with my wireless mouse keyboard combo . usb lead on the dvi combo is also too short .
i like the original better , this was just so so
i absolutely loved the color of this case but just in one day it got black around the edges . boo !
it came without any instructions on how to inflate or the plug thing to keep air inside .
bought this because it says it was for mac osx . this is not true . don't buy this product . thanks .
doesn't work on my peerless handcuffs like the description states don't waste your money or time . i was highly disappointed
builds gas inside and server problems on stomach , very bad for health and could damage ur health in the future
this item quit working after less than a year and i hardly ever used it ! do not buy this !
this was the second one that has broken at the earpiece . good sound but cheap material and no carrying case
the item is very poor quality and arrived damaged . very disappointed . never seen that bad quality buying from amazon before .
no radar on samsung galaxy s . works on kindle but not where i really need it on my smart phone .
cheaply made . the description states , small but it's like , very small . not worth it , save your money and don't buy this .
not enough information . would have more on tonics . it just doesn't tell you anything except things you don't care about .
it didn't come with the balls !
broke the first day i got it . i found one cheaper price at icing , so really dissapointed with this item .
i guess you get what you pay for . very clumsy knife and way too heavy for a woman to use .
a very light hearted treatment of the subject that presents very little of practical use for trading the stock market .
this case is a very sloppy design . don't waste your money . spend the extra money and get an apple case .
i havent received the book . can you tell me what address the book was shipped to ?
junk ! it's like looking through a fence . not usable . returned immediately . thank you amazon for refunding purchase .
cheap quality construction that do not work adequately . save your money for something better that well last longer .
very pretty .
didnt like the book . it did not feel relatable to the average woman . i didnt even end up finishing the book .
i thought it was a case . you should be more clear
i needed to get my old typewriter out . does not print envelopes . very poor quality of color . jane from nyc
one of the items i ever bought that as soon as you see it , you want to return it . sorry
not sturdy enough for multiple uses . the edges are a bit sharp causing it to be uncomfortable in some spots .
just bad acting with a so so story and a poor director . the special effects ranged from okay to cheesy .
one side of the knives brioke after some use . difficult to clean .
last for a day !
don't waste your time . too many stars in there to be any good ! would not watch ! rent something elsenot very good
it didn't read out load , it just moved really fast but if you read it it's ok i guess
the wiring harness we ordered for a dodge caravan was sent and it was for a dodge caravan .
the conector is to long , and its not a , i will have to buy anocher one , charger takes to long .
works ok , hard t adjust and works on limited areas
it was horrible , several defects in it , wish i didn't buy it
wouldnt download at all ! couldnt play of it course although it was free . still hated it lol . . .
worst dollar i ever spent . app has no football info and should be sued for using nfl logo no stars
review title says it all . save your money . buy something else .
but this album did not do anything for me . all the songs sounded alike to me .
i cant buy this game because it is not free . i have been wating for this game for a long time .
sorry i purchased these , several duds , not as advertised , lame .
i don't have this book . i didn't read this book . it was on my wish list , not on my tablet
even for free , this is pretty much pointless . pictures don't show up on the kindle fire . waste of my time .
the price was perfect . the build quality on the cable was low . will try to return and see what happens .
worst app ever they took temple run and made it stupid by adding chezzy grafics and it is completely retarded .
old but i remember it well . jimmy dean . its more poem than song . good sound and clear as a bell
a lot of hype over nothing . no better than anything you can buy otc . save your money , wish i would have
its dumb like forreal theres not on it like it dnt make mo type of sense at all . .
not enough magic for my imagination as it portrayed . the story is actually short as well .
the bag is cheap . it provides no protection for the guitar . the only pocket on the case is a joke
este libro en su primera parte me gusta pero lo dem aacute s es pura hechizer iacute a y velas , velas y m aacute s velas .
don't waste your money ! this movie doesn't even deserve any more words but they won't let me post without one .
don't waste time or money for this story telling book with poor cd contents buy tony's book instead
i never figured out how to actually use it . too confusing . i will not re install this item . not worth it
the ring turned my finger green already . not a big fan of this item either . won't order any more rings .
this item was advertised as batteries , but only one was delivered . the offer was misleading and the outcome was disappointing .
did not work all it would do is turn on nothing else . i could not update nothing ! do not buy
disappointed ! not as described !
this was a cute bra with a striped underpiece . but there is no support if your boobs are big .
although the product works okay , it does goes through batteries very rapidly and therefore makes it very inconvenient to use .
this is a total scam don't buy it . someone is obviously trying to make a buck of of human stupidity
its ok you get what you pay for it started to feed way after one so i wearing it k .
this is not really a board game , nor is it a true adventure game . it is very boring , very boring .
text is not formatted well at all , does not look like normal book on my kindle , all over the place
this album has no meaning and his lyrics are awful . if you are a rap fan , this will disappoint you !
very misleading as to free . when you get it you then learn you have to buy something . bad deal period .
very cheaply made i don't like it at all . plastic but thin and i would not purchase another like it
disappointed feel taken advantage ov there is only music no exercise steps wish for refund how do i do this
worn out in less than a week of use , poorly made
the bottom plastic fell off after weeks of use making it un useable . great while it worked but didn't last .
didn't work for me ? is that why they sold it ? i hooked it up got nothing ?
the product dont accept other language , only chinesse and english . i was needeing in spanish . the package product is not original .
had to return it too complicated .
the microphone was not working at the beginning and like weeks after the headphones stopped working too , not recommended
i didn't like it . the way it ended left me cold .
this was a wasted plot ! so much more could have been done with this storyline .
i could have put on a pair of stocking out of my drawer instead of this low quality cheap merchandise
i dont use printer that much , but after month of installing the cartridge all printouts are blurr and horrible .
slim , cheap , blood 'n' guts biography of dubious accuracy with fictional dialogue .
most jealous , and childish , person in the world keith olbermann
book was completely useless . all material available online from other sources for free . so disappointing , i've returned book .
very bad product . g try philips . this thing stopped working first day i got it ! who builds such trash ? !
very thin rubber . gave to my son for a gift . within months the rubber was tearing . very cheap material
i downloaded and thought it be a good switch from normal games and i absolutely hated it from the start
worth the read . my life is changing in so many great ways but none are related to reading this book .
the wheels are very unbalanced so they make the whole buffer almost want to fly off the bench . not good .
i return the item because it did not give me all it says will do .
it is very flimsy . i am still looking for one i can use . but it does fit the tablet well .
this is not for ears . it is forehead only . also the cap does not stay on .
had to reenforce the stitching and elastic didnt recover after a days use . great price , product , wasnot so good
just a very normal headphones . frequency is about . too common , no special . very disappointed , and i already returned it .
broke after rd use . . . would not recommend to anyone
sent wrong reading level
item was received damaged . returned to amazon vendor . i have not receive a notice of credit to my account yet .
i ordered these magazines , but i only received one . where are they ? poor service ! take my advice . don't order !
the paper it's of at bad quiality , the glue don't dry on time , the fire starter it's bad , animal grease .
there space beween carafe opening and the coffee maker itself . help ! should be larger ? model wrong for this coffee maker ? bill
if you like simple mysteries written simply , this book is for you .
made me break out in hives .
the title of the book does not match with the quality of photography shown . it could have been edited better .
not what wished for . needs to brush after every wash to smoothen it . becomes hard after drying . unhappy with the product quality
good graphics but i thought that it would let me actually race . do not get this app ever it's all a lie
the kindle no longer stays attached to the metal tabs meant to hold it . i am constantly reattaching it .
very narrow tight fit , just uncomfortable ! usually i like new balance sneakers but these are just a bad design .
isn't not what i expected
i charged my iphone x's and lost a power light , felt it was not what i was looking for .
not for kindle fire . all it did was make a finny little sound . not worth it . didn't feel a thing
its way to small it didnt for this is for a child not an adult the color is weird too
btr season is not available for us to watch so i cannot rate it ! we like btr a lot !
only works with long scopes , if you plan to use a short or inch scope buy the picatiny rail
they don't look too real as the picture here , well , you should buy i real camera than this fake camera . !
this rings were exactly what i wanted . i loved them in march now they are rusted . i do not recommend them .
my daughter wore these to school came home w the side bracket broke after wearing for very first time .
if your phone has a cover , it won't fit in this pouch , it is too small . there are better options .
bought two of these and both failed in less than a week . these are very low quality chinese made innertubes .
i was expecting a pack of regular size balls , but got a pack of small balls .
these crackers recently started tasting like wallpaper paste . please bring back the original version ! somebody at nabisco really messed up .
cheap broke real fast ok prob be careful .
took this off my kindle because it was too difficult for my grandson to do . not much fun at all .
these caps are to large for standar water bottles . they seem to be good quality and the price was good .
is is not what i expected after reading million little pieces . it was a disappointment .
this product ruins your sweaters more than help them , you are better off shaving them with a regular shaving tool .
no character development , and everybody in it is too unbelievable . if i could unread it .
this is simply a description of the game and equipment . not one tip on how to play . do not buy .
cuts on and off constantly , can not and will not watch it . it probably is a very good movie . enuff
i like the game but it crashes a lot or doesn't load at all other than that a fun game
misadvertised wrong size for my tablet no use to me now very disappointed with this for i like amazon products
it broke within minuted of owning it
bad , very bad , realy bad and disappointing product . it is made to cheat , designed to hurt our laser jet printers
i lasts only one week ! i'm really desappointed , it's bad for your image ! i need to return it
huge waste of my time . it wasn't remotely scary and extremely anti climatic . also , the main characters are completely unlikable .
the model number is cheating . mg is actually better on performance in almost every features ! is worse than !
really bad . it freezes up , and then you can't put stuff on her . do not get ! you will regret it .
it broke when i tryed to insert it in my laptop and it's made with cheap plastic . product is crap !
disappointed with this plant . it dead and broken in the second day . bad plant and do not recommend it at all .
i thought these would be bigger , but they were the size of quarters . waiste of money if you ask me .
i haven't received the first issue yet . it looks ok from the cover but thats all i can say now .
i was disappointed . the material is thin and light weight like a t shirt . a mistake for me . should have returned .
i ordered size m and is too big medium is my size .
just another teen drama . this show is terrible . sorry for the actors in the show , but it falls very flat .
will not work on my kindle fire , bougt it expecting more but you have to pay extra for function items .
the shirt came without a proper package and looked very bad . i had to return it for another one .
it only worked once then stopped working . i wish i had returned it but i put it in the trash .
don't like squirrels but people keep giving them to me .
i ordered tow micro usb tips and i received tow iphone ipad tips . they does not care to the customers
product worked twice , i guess that's what you get for cents . spend the extra money to avoid this issue .
i never received this item . please let me know what happened . thank you
it is not made in the usa , it's made in china . not worth getting for the price .
case is made nice but for a larger camera they shouldnt package it with the kodak mini way to big !
doesn't display anything blank black screen with no characters or articles broken app although i do enjoy the magazine
way to small to fit anything in . waste of money . i expected them to be flatter and hence be wider .
didn't work at all . my kids threw away the packaging so i couldn't return it . will not recommend this product .
apparently intended for children
bulbs were broken after a month of waiting . kind of annoying but for the price can't expect much more
deflates on its own and not very supportive , spend the extra money and get a better one than this item .
non expansive , applicator doesn't work , drips everywhere . cleanup cost me times what i paid for this . do not buy .
only operates on a volt battery . sucks it up pretty fast too . wish it had a dc adapter . why not ?
its already ripping and i have only had it for about two weeks . it took forever to get to me .
the stamps are smaller than i thought . the pictures are a bit misleading . the small stamps are hard to use .
too big for a newborn . not what i thought it would be . i wouldn't purchase it again or recommend it .
cheap , but i guess you get what you pay for . very thin material , broke within first week of constant use .
these suspenders are too short for the average man . wear them and you will have a higher voice .
they worked for about two weeks and then they stopped working ! you get what you pay for boo boo boo
it is way too hard to use ! i can't even figure out to make it work .
i've yet to receive this product . ? will prabably give a grand review on the arrival .
yes my son love them
i did not like the quality of the material
this is a crap product . it arrived broken and emitted such a low level of light that it was useless
this sucks .
knife arrived today . flashlight doesn't work . overall just a general disappointment . the knife feels and looks cheap and poorly made .
only plays in one ear piece for my blackberry pearl from europe . mine has the azerty keyboard layout .
they were too small . they were childerens sandles and should of said that on the listing .
good price , but would not hold a charge at all . threw it away . . . not worth it at all
picture quality is poor would not recommend it . i'd like to return it if amazon will take it back . very disappointing .
there are different sizes for the glock and the mm sizes . why isn't there one for the glock ?
i have to return it because it was damagei hope this thing never happens againi could n use it
cause my first charger i got dont work anymore so i had to but another one hopefully this one works .
screw holes are offset from original , cannot use for a camper , everything else in the order was fine .
this was so boring even for the grandchildren . it just sits in the games folder . no one ever opens it .
i should have thought the size of this through better . i can hardly track the stages . good for younger eyes .
terrible terrible . do not buy this . arrived damaged . seat sunk in a week . it's not a good buy at all
item is very hard to open , also cover some of the keys on the phone , not a good value
this unit was completely horrible ! i worked for not even a month and i cant return it ! piece of crap !
how can i review a product that is long overdue , paid for and still not received ! thje service is pathetically slow !
i ended up replacing it with a similar product made by otterbox . the otterbox one has lasted almost a year .
the product is much less than it appears , and i wouldn't buy it here , i'd go and shop it around .
although it appeared to be rather frightening , it really isn't . the characters are very stilted and it's slow moving .
too small for me
great movie . unfortunately , you have to flip over the dvd half way through the film . lame !
this app is a waste of yours and the person who made it , do not waste your time , it sucks
very poor quality for this necklace . would be good for a costume but it is kind of a cheap quality .
might as well just have a game where you hit the next letter in the alphabet , or count by s
very disappointing .
this is the most difficult to open one hand open knife i've ever owned .
no this phone didn't work it kept going off and when it was on you have to charge thirty minutes
this is more like a sales brochure that a tips book . i wanted to see more shortcuts and process instructions .
the item was damaged !
delightful characters and a lovely tale . despite the horrific orphanage scenes . a truly enjoyable read and one i'd recommend to anyone .
this knife is very sharp , and reasonably priced , however it is unusually susceptible to rust .
pretty crappy . not sparkly and you can see the glue . i would prefer to not have a case at all .
eh
not exactly what i thought . not very educational , entertaining , nor well done . i could not watch more than three minutes .
with the case on the phone it would not get signal it is like it block signal to the phone .
twisty words makes it hard to read and pronounse . kids seem to enjoy it dont notice the strange words
doesn't fit even close to the measurements money down the drain . i will not recommend this to anyone i guarantee !
they sent me the wrong item , doh ! and wanted me to pay for shipping back . what a waste .
excellent phone , but only sip profiles can be stored in the system , only profile per headset . very disappointing .
i hate this app . first of all for what's it is it really costs to much money . this app stinks
it's not working when i open the package , not seems to be damaged but bad quality . do not buy it !
i did not receive this book
i tried the jawbone and it's many ear attachments . the bottom line is it wouldn't stay inside my ear .
no good
i am not sure how these are considered skinny they are extremely loose around the calves . i'm returning them asap .
very heavy ! very large !
there are way too short . can't use them . i can not recommend this procduct . not a great deal . hate them
hard to believe that this is within the bob lee swagger series . simply an overly boring , long drawn out read .
the wood peels and because it is bamboo it will split completely once there is a break somewhere on it .
they squeak when i walk . very annoying . can't return them because i wore them once . not happy .
boring ! i have other things to do with my kindle and my time than be bored by this icky game .
completed one full bottle . but my weight is still the same . regular meal and hours of exercise per week .
when i clicked on the song someone to watch over me , i got release me . watch what you purchase it .
not much power
i couldn't make this little gadget work , so i returned it and looked for something . return was fast and easy .
dust work at all with my life proof case . and the privacy darkness was t all that great . smelt weird .
the case is so tight that it cannot accomodate a screen protector . the protector get peeled off at the corners .
enjoyed somewhat until the 'real reason' for dad's hanging himself was revealed ! would not recommend to many people i know .
quit working after weeks
over for a hex wrench . just kick me in the balls and get it over with .
book pages get stuck and don't read correctly . it worked fine for a couple days but not days later .
there was glue on the screen protector and i had to remove it with chemicals not going with u again
there is a problem with my kindle that amazon kindle can't fix . so , i can't download or read this book .
this case didn't even fit my phone it was so big i put one star cause i had to
cute actors , but lackluster plot over all . not worth your time .
wouldn't work on my kindle fire , which is severely lacking a decent media player . at least one i can find unrooted .
no matter who used it , still could not turn jelewry in
this telesales addition not worth the dollars . digitally remastered yeah right , vhs maybe . i still want a good copy .
this is nothing more then an article quoting various news sources . nothing here that can't be found on the internet .
it only worked for about a month and then the light burned out . it was great while it worked though .
it never came and i was truly upset when i told my mother it never came stars
didn't fit good
after only a few uses does not work already . who makes a bullet that lasts ?
it's very basic information . wasn't all that helpful . although at the end are several links that are decent reads .
didn't like it .
does not look good , as leather thin does not keep shape . very hard to put on with one hand .
to short skirt and sleeves to tight
it broke the next day we bought it , it was really loose the round ball came out of the stick .
poor copy bad transfer . not recommending at all for fans of the movie . don't recommend to people wanting to display it prominently .
this product fell apart the third time i used it will not buy another one very bad idea don't buy
need i say more ? . dont buy this unless you really like the movie the game sucks
the phone is missing its speaker screen , doesn't vibrate and looks like its been used . i will send it back .
the blender is more of a smoothie maker . it broke after uses . will not buy from this brand again .
from the era of years ago it would of been ok , today . cheesy as hell . weak story , predictable plot .
i forced myself to continue with this book , expecting it to improve , but it did not , its just utter crap
unopened hmmmm , i'm not so sure about that
did not even fit around my head . it was a total waste of money !
crashed a lot .
one size doesn't fit all . make a bigger version of it and i'll be the first to re buy this product .
hard to play with the iffy controls . need better response or it is a waste of time downloading this game .
the picture would indicate that this doesn't fit in my ford expedition ? anymore pictures available ?
it's so sketchy , even free is not worth your time . you can get more comprehensive articles online . really , don't bother .
i do not recommend wasting your valuable time or money on this author . he is chauvinistic , shallow and very closed minded .
i got mine , all excited , and i can't use it because it smells like it has been marinated in gasoline .
title says it all . waste of money . i know it was cheap , but it still wasn't worth it at all .
the writing style was so simple , without depth . i would recommend that people not waste their time with this book .
the book itself seems good so far , but there are missing pages at the beginning of several chapters . be warned .
i would not recommend this product to anyone , because it doesn't work as well as the advertisement said it would .
there are no words . i can't believe i even finished this thing haha was painful . don't waste your lol
it doesn't work when power on . i think to buy and wait for it is to waist time and money !
enough f words to make this r rated . such language detracts from the story . doesn't make sense . otherwise , a decent story .
i was hoping to get a book that covered the items that make this swap easy i was disappointed .
smaller than the picture
false advertising . this picture is not what you get .
it doesn't get hot enough to begin to keep the plates warm . i want to return it . john henry murphy
did not last at all very disappointed . had hoped these would truly be a lip stains . not even close .
both cards were defective and had to be returned unusable . both cards were defective and had to be returned unusable .
boring book from a wise a little punk . who needs it !
this is crappy shaving cream to go along with a crappy shaver . i am sorry i ever bought this . bad .
product made my hair sticky and gave little hold . i don't like the ingredients . don't like motions product line anymore .
pass on this one . so many others that are better . it all sounds the same .
love my izzy zebra she is the cutest ever
not a great story , but at least something to read . definitely not great literature and not a very believeable plot .
they're ok . kinda generic . not too bad i guess , just nothin new . i liked them better as the nintendo game .
the recording sounded like it had been made off a scrachy lp record . i would give a no stars rating .
this items is overated , and does not perform up to minimum standards . battery needs recharging continuously .
the case did not fit the appropriate kindle . also could not get to the power button or the volume button .
well told and written story i could not put book down until i finished it
printing is not as concise and clear as the cartridge that came with my dell printer . printing appears slightly fuzzy
the threads on one of the pockets came off , and also the length of the pants was way too big .
beautiful earrings ! broke the second time i wore them .
what were you thinking , tom ? this book was definitely inferior , and a waste of both time and money . boring !
not accurate ! missing the iron . i feel bamboozled . adding more words because it was not long enough of a rant !
even if i couldn't see the numbers , i just kept clicking and the objects would disappear . no challenge at all .
this controller gets mod locked and is not fast at all dont waste your money at all ! dont buy this !
the ink is terrible , i wasted my money and it messed up my printer i had to clean the heads .
no it really dont help
i ordered starbucks's strawberry lemonade refeshers but received raspberry pomegranate . the raspberry pomegranate was ok but not what i ordered .
cheap . does not function properly . loose part inside . counts steps just when u barely move . obviously faulty broken . not worth sending back .
it broke as soon as i put it on my phone . not worth the money . i regret buying this product
i bought it as a gift and had to send it back . it was not what he was looking for .
just pour raw sugar into your mouth ! belly flops are great . hodgepodge is not .
our blue lounger sprung a leak within days of owning it . many better loungers on amazon than this one .
this vanity press volume is a dud . so much quality fiction to read . don't bother with this one .
i read the reviews with regrets initially anticipating a good introduction to sap consulting . any recommendations ?
even a small is too big
the clock was just what i wanted , but it didn't last very long quit working . wouldn't recommend anyone buying it .
useless app , just a social banter and bs . not worth the time it took to download . not a good download .
her death from cancer is more than enough to cast doubt on her claims . be wary .
very disappointing read . it is predictable , stereotypical and reads like chick lit . did not expect this from such a talented author .
it didn't work well for me .
beautiful but junk . it quit working very soon after she received it
a very sad story . i did not enjoy this book at all and will not be buying the sequel . sorry .
it sounded ideal in the description , but was actually larger that i wanted . ordered another item i saw at this site .
not liked at all did not help this old man would not recome should be taken off list teach nothing
this is not jack sarrow's pirate sword . i believe it is a closer replica to that of davy jones' .
a very dissapointing recording . sounds like all of the other 's hair bands . a very borring set of music .
it's small and the band rolls down my butt cheeks ! so i won't be wearing them anytime soon ya 'mm
yes it fits everything but it moves about when you run .
i was not impressed . in my opinion this movie should be removed from the prime list .
terrible . on u tube it looks easy . it has to be heated to a dangerous temperature . don't waste your money .
i hoped this would be classic instead it looks cheap and fits poorly .
maybe it rated high , but not by me . i just did not find it holding my attention . maybe you will ?
ugly movie don't waste your money the movie is just minutes long , i think they screw up on this one
it is much too salty for me . i was looking for more of a celery taste . could be just me .
recipes weren't very enticing .
i like cleansers with lots of foam . but this product did not have much foam as expected . don't like it .
so cheap its made from gauze just putting it on caused holes so i returned it . i was so disappointed !
horrible ! i wish i wouldn't have spent the money on this cd . probably one of her worst cd's .
awful story line . wasted a day or two reading it
the motion sensor for this worked pretty good , but the garage door sensor did not . i was truly disappointed .
one of the lights broke the day after i got it . i obviously not very happy with them at all .
it's almost shameful to give this book a star . it's completely worthless . anyone can get published these days .
waited one month to receive this from malaysia and we received a cheaply made android tablet . not a happy camper .
very satisfied
not cleveroriginalenjoyablestargateis clich eacute predictableemptysoap opera
i would pay even less for this item but still think i got it at a good price .
buyers be aware this is in no way a cat cable ! this cable is a cheap fake made in china .
didn't even finish it can't think of anything else , maybe i'll get enough energy to finish it someday i , sorry
not as advertised , requires japanese dvd player i wanted us . ad says compatible so i'm not happy with that
this video game is not working with me because my system is working in pal so i couldn't use it .
too tight in the toes . it looks great in the picture but . and to return it is not worth it .
unusable ! does not fit in golf car cup holder . waste of money . cheaply made . plastic material is not high quality .
printed less than papersand out of ink . learned you get what you pay . buy new ones only .
if no star was an option that would be it . was not what i expected . just a piece of rubber .
never worked ,
it's not very good i can barely hear when i have it on my phone n people can't hear me
the only thing i liked about this book was the front cover . it had really outdated ideas and colors .
not good as other brand . worst decision that i have made for my mom's ipad . oh . no . i didn't like it !
great product until it broke weeks in . i should have bought it at petsmart so i could return it .
started smoking as soon as i plugged it in . never worked , don't waste time ordering . not worth sending back either
i go through these usb cigarette lighter adapters pretty fast . this one is no exception . it just doesn't last long .
did not fit . had to return
arrived promptly but was too firm for my mother in law . was very expensive to have it not be comfortable .
very disappointed that this is only a sample ! i don't see where i can download the complete book .
this is a mockery of jesus christ , my lord and saviour . this movie is totally off base of the scriptures .
it might be ok for windows but it didn't load on my macbook without significant problems .
ordered for kia to give more visibility . very cheap , clarity bad . extended , not flush . threw away and did not use
in the description put what electronic the sandisk is made for or the size of the port that takes it
not his best work . predictable and slow . not recommended . i would much rather see some of his more recent stuff .
didn't work , i tried everything to get it to work . light came in but wouldn't charge wasn't worth sending back .
less than one star as i have never received the product but they took my money !
battery died not long after intial charge and refuses to take a charge . i do not recommend this product , sorry !
right on , greggery ! looking at dmx's picture on the cover , i thought he was black .
why to pay that big amount of money for just an ebook ? no sense at all ! don't buy it !
the stuffed animal was much smaller than expected . but still a really great stuffed lion . my fiancee will love it !
wanted a free music app and this is not it . you need to have an account to access the music .
i ordered this item and never recieved it . i have been ordering from amazon for years .
sloppy theology , lame love story . waste of time . i'd give it less than one star if that were possible . garbage .
not good dont get it but cosplay item plastic and poor glue want plastic than u can get this poor
do not like these . they do not dry well . would not recommend . find ink pads are more consistent with color .
was excited until i plugged it up and realized it was broke with my party in days . ruined everything
the zipper broke within a month of using this product . very disappointed
don't waste your money , if you buy it you waste your moneyit's the worst screen protector i ever have
i have used the shakers and drink packets and exercised but have not lost any weight in a monthsensa
otherwise , they might work fine . i do not know because i had to return them because they are too short .
it takes too long to charge then the charge doesn't last long at all . search for a better product , please !
expected something more entertaining .
do not buy this
i ordered these expecting that they would fit as other bali bras i had previously purchased and they did not .
they felt cheap and insubstantial . i wore them once and threw them away . i'd never buy from that manufacturer again .
i see . for s h advertised , im in hawaii so i figure a little more , but not . !
i expected it to be better but i got what i paid for . just not my version of christmas songs .
not good so so so so so so bad bad bad bad bad don't get this game never get it .
i agree with jessi walters it looks good but is not that good of a product
what is their idea of small ? two of me could have fit into these sweats . sent them back !
it did not work for me , i did not lose any weight at all , i would not buy it again
the flaps in this book stick and are nearly impossible for little fingers to open . the pictures are just average .
i wasted my money . none of this works . please be aware . and save your money .
i bought of these . two did not work . batteries dead . you can not change batteries on this unit .
it has broken apart long the seams as soon as we picked up mattress of the ground .
hated it so much i almost fell asleep while reading . write more interesting books even kids will be bored
not totally unlocked . g g does not work with the colombian phone companies . ony able to use it with edge techconlogy .
the book was ok . contained several typos . storylines were good and very funny . the characters were well written and developed .
poor quality , returned
tried different carriers and it would always chip out . really wanted it too !
lacked the wonder of her other two books in this trilogy . the writing was flat and of not much interest
did not grow !
tooooo much action would not recommend , don't buy . don't buy . don't buy , don't buy . very complicated and hard to clean .
confusing . i didn't quite like it . some parts were nice but the play entirely wasn't that great . not that great .
i gave this to my godchild for a christmas present and parts came out of the box already broken .
not fair of the publisher to block a kindle version . i won't buy as a result .
book not in as good a condition as advertised . will go elsewhere next time to shop . yada yada yada yada
the label maker has exceeded my expectations . the label maker exhibited so much versatility packed into such a small device !
i plugged it into my g and i don't get any audio from the aux port . lame .
fake item , didn't workcheap , made in china waste my money . never buy again . i don't know why they sale junk items .
no scent whatsoever .
these do nothing . i should have just bought a sharpie in the color of my wood . just awful .
was not a book with connected pages and a binder . pages were separate and hard to manage or keep calendar
got one ad with the same stations on it . nothing new to pick of . got rid of it .
brok nothing works
these were supposed to make the jabra headset fit better . it still doesn't and remains of no use . avoid both products .
came out of the box and did not work . we had to send them back . too bad , they were cute
i applied this tape in an non air conditioned space . the tape would not hold and fell right off the wall .
when i plug it into my dell ultrabook it types it's own numbers and it will not stop . waste of money
terrible . i wanted my money back but they would give it back to me . save your money everybody . do not buy this item
it broke after three months . does not light anymore . it started to flicker then stopped altogether .
bought it and not happy ! doesn't slay closed and the edges lift up
this toy is okay for some , but my rambunctious kitty is bored with it . she watches it , but that's all .
boring , worthless stuff . it can also be found on the website of aarp . don't waste your time on this . really !
the product did not come with a latch hook . i had to go to the craft store and buy one .
not very funny
i received the item embroidered in the wrong color and the quality of the embroidery was not very good either .
very very big bag ! i don't know how to use it ! and what to use it for !
says x x , not even ! more like . x x . . not worth sending back !
c . antu . dertstandn . ormalt . hinkingbought these for an ex , i hope she chokes on them in use of her chew toy
wish i could give this book a zero . there's no there there . do not waste your time or your money .
the rope is cheap , the instructions are not clear , and the needed head room was never indicated in the ad .
this book wasn't a clean one . i wouldn't recommend it for those who shy away from swearing in great quantities .
its awesome perfect fit at any place and my kid likes iti recommed this product if you are interested
the news feed always get stuck . something must be done about it . an ipad is starting to look very tempting
junk ! didn't last a week . wood split , leg fell off . not good at all . what more should i say ? do not buy .
wouldn't let me read it until i rated it . how can i rate it if i can't read it ? ! dumb
the part of the movie i saw was alright , but i fell asleep because it just wasn't all that great .
battery life is very short , don't last long at all . have to charge battery constantly which is very aggravating . never again .
i was looking for original nerf material . the bat is way too hard and the ball was crushed in shipment .
a dissapointment
boring boring boring . i didn't enjoy this at all , i couldn't even get interested in reading it all . just sayin' .
sorry , lost of these in a couple of months . power surges , i guess . !
is this a joke ? it looks like it might be worth tops , not ! are foodies really so gullible ?
santa really means satan . santa was made to take out the true meaning of christmas . the birth of jesus christ .
this did not even fit any phone . so small . the picture listed is false . it wont fit any smart phone .
i didnot received the product . i am not able to call the seller . waster of money
such a heavy piece of equipment . i would not recommend to anyone , any body . makes your phone look hideous . ugh !
didn't notice any of the changes claimed . ended up throwing it out early after the nd bottle was almost gone
it's not a winner . likeable characters and the actors are competent . but the movie isn't engaging and thankfully isn't longer .
george lucas type sham . taking advantage of fan's love for a movie . don't buy it
complete waste of money . might as well have taken sugar pills , this product did absolutely nothing . don't waste your money .
no way this book it too far out for reality . her other books are great . this one not so much .
once it does start , has nice and even heat . good directions for replacement . still troubleshooting the problem with double lighting .
not what like the picture , very thin material , don't bother ordering you can better quality at walmart 'faded glory cotton'
apidextra is not a product i would every order again ! i did not lose any weight and followed the directions !
too short and too small . order two sizes larger than you normally would unless you have a very narrow chest .
the quality is unbelievable bad ! the actual size is very small and it cannot stay on the wall for long time .
broke pretty easily .
just was not worth the money . i am highly disappointed , as i thought norelco was a trusted name .
it broke easily
i ordered this item and found that there is no side zipper pocket . the photo is misleading .
these are not at all what shows in the picture . more like painted on balls . not worth . ! don't buy !
interesting story but not written well . it was heard to care about the characters as they were not well developed .
it was a gift for a month old miniature schnauzer . it lasted for days , now it's trashed .
these earrings are super huge and stick out really far and wouldn't buy them again . i am toaaly not happy
the one song on it sounded quite tinny . not good . poor quality . i wouldn't buy this and neither should you .
cheaply made , poor quality . not awful , but not great . save your money .
they are pretty small and not fluffy like the picture . well thats what you get for them being so cheap .
would not download to my kindle fire or my iphone .
misleading advertisement aluminum cover . no cover . only key board with aluminum back . suggestion to change to aluminum back . thank you
perfect for flipping pages but hard to write with . tip is too wide for that . excellents service without problems
i don't appreciate having to pay for every puzzle . that is ridiculous . uninstalling . and the user interface is lame .
i like the original tetris . there is no control for me . probly bcause i cant find how to control it .
awful ! nothing like the picture . only one bead and two wire bracelets . really not able to give as a gift .
this battery lasted maybe a total of weeks and died . i wouldn't suggest buying this product . i was disappointed .
definitely waste money . after one day , this miserable sticker is downing from wall . do not purchase this product . it is just garbage .
this book is nothing like the preview for the movie that is out now . it is slow and wordy !
im so upset . i have written about this and wanted a replacement asap . and still nothing . please send a new onesooo mad
nice looking out of the box rather coarse feeling though , for a kitchen towel . very wrinkly once washed . just okay .
broke easily after the second day i got it .
the music industry relly sucks in the sense that there is no . music industry sucks really bad there is no
poorly written . choppy plot . unnecessary side points that distract .
wires became exposed where it connects to the device and it stopped working the first week . just threw it out .
i'm not pleased with the cord , i fill it's to heavy for my phone and would like to return it .
didn't fit any water bottles tried different major brands . couldn't use it and not worth it to send back .
i dont have a bff . or brothersor sisters . or cousins . nobody i can do fun things with . forever and ever alone . depressed
i generally like slusan mallery , but this was not one of her better efforts . it was a little far afield .
this movie sucked from start to finish . the plot had major holes . do not buy .
this book is terrible . save a tree and some annoyance by not purchasing it .
cheap quality . i guess you get what you pay for with this . scissors fell apart right out of the box .
did not look like the picture looked old and dule could not see the edges no shine at all thanks
this is not an htc phone but made by sharp . also the phone won't web browse using another mobile network .
. this story could have been a paragraph . i kept waiting for the story to start and it never did .
i just bought it , and i'm taking it back . it worked for about seconds and hasn't worked since . cheap junk .
small and plastic . can't even order enough on the page to fill a treasure chest . they're small .
not even one pound lost the weight might be depend your body , for my sister didn't work at all , wasted her money .
too small to see through the view finder . not appropriate for my young granddaughter so i returned it . very disappointed .
didn't really find any receipes i cared for . the receipes didn't appeal to me . the pictures were nice . thank you
lots of static when using it , which could be heard by both people in the call . would not buy again .
crappy product from crappy seller , poor quality , not warm , cut is uneven and crooked , wrinkled , cheap manufacturing , picture is misleading
flimsier than kitchenaid and when batter in pan , sides fold out . wouldn't recommend it for anything and won't buy again
this is a waste of money only a crazy person would buy this .
these are much larger than anticipated . not a good look ! thankfully i was able to return them through prime membership .
they have a musty odor to them . i thought the musty odor would eventually go away and it hasn't yet .
regret why i bought it , messed up the edges of my kindle , i wish i could get my money back .
i was quite bored after the first two offerings .
i use it for day and my strap is broke , is the worse watch .
this product works but doesnt give enough power to my printer the weak signal is printing lines on my things
it's not white ! jesus wears a white robe not ivory . at least indicate ivory on the description of the item
it was a bit draggy and very predictable .
the portable charger was only good for about uses and won't hold a charge anymore . very frustrating .
i only used this for a month , and noticed no difference . perhaps it needs to be in your system longer .
broken ratchet does not function and vestilfactory does not stock the replacement part . truck works but not as produced disapointment .
the product is not of good quality . the hair is not a soft . but brings some brushes that are good
expensive and not stainless steelwhat's wrongfiskers know better than to sell this piece of s to any one .
the seperation tabs that allow you to not touch the surface left a residue that was sticky . think twice about .
very disjointed . zen ? buddhist ? new age ? would not recommend for anyone . glad i did not pay to read this book .
battery died within one month of owning the toothbrush . otherwise it was a good toothbrush . my daughter enjoyed the music .
cups size was a way too big so i returned the bra . it's ok bra to lounge not to go out
it is cheap but what do you expect for the price doest do what one would hope it would junk
i love the show , the cd quality was not good on some spots . we cannot even play the th cd .
film doesn't stick to the screen , leaves dirty bubbles . as rolls down the screen , the protector film was being stretched .
the first day i used it my forehead ended black . it lost lots of material , do not recomend it . buy other brand
too small for a two month old baby to use . too tight to fit on the baby's feet without discomfort .
the grammar was great . the story line was generic at best . kind of glad that this was a free book .
battery compartment has no seal . water leaked inside and rusted . needless to say , i won't be recommending this to anyone .
it's fineit's not that good not that bad i've played worsedamon this twenty word minimum i'm kind of posses now
not too happy with mine . scratches my wood floors , not very powerful suction and has a short cord .
was not what i expected did not like the movie at all gave it away
item was not fully cut in several places on front . ended up throwing half of it away . would not recommend .
great manga botcrtcree exes ed thu oh has by cry be cuiok ! love it ! hope you enjoyed it too !
cheaply made , had several holes in them on the sides withing one month's use .
it keeps on glitching out . ahhhh it does not tell you what to do or how to play . i don't like it
not as expected . no noticeable change in skin . rather gassy side effect . very sweet . tolerable . yet undesireable side effects . won't purchase again .
they are okay i got them for a gift for someone and they seem to like them . they look nice
a very basic presentation of ideas and illustrations . good for brain storming and showing to others to unlock their creativity
painfull to use at first but it does the job if you stick with it .
this was a fun read but a little unbelievable . as a frequent atlantic city visitor , i found some non realistic descriptions .
beautiful shoe ! the left shoe felt like it was stretched . had to put an insole in the left shoe .
the episodes my wife enjoys watching frozed . afraid to reorder part for fear it will happen again which sucks .
does a good job of picking up dust and dirt . you can wash and dry it . it's pretty . i like it .
i found this item to be very useful . it is a well balanced knife that retains its sharpness .
the book eventually began to feel as monotonous as her hike . i wanted more graceful introspection and less step by step narration .
i was very excited to order these . i am dissapointed they are sooo thin and very brittle . also have a weird smell
neither good or bad , i was a bit disappointed in this album , it is not what i expected .
had i known how much work this was putting together , i would have spent more to get an adirondack locally .
does nothing .
this item didn't work well with my husbands phone wish it did cause the film had a nice color . mixed
the stone was plastic not a real stone . ring is nice great fit but was disappointed in the plastic stone .
too much money for a chapstick
rddddx ffff vvgggg gvgvvv g gvg v v v . b v b b ch g . bb bb bobby . bb vv
great product , good quality , and sturdy . lousy instructions . the instructions made no sense , had to use the picture to build .
the color and the texture are very nice . it's very protective . the corners start peeling of after a while tough .
this is a decent monitor , but has a baseline background buzz that some people find difficult to tolerate .
small ship but nice to see hot wheels making star trek items . glad i have it in my possession . thanks
battery only lasted about hr then died , but my cat really loved it before the light started fading .
works fairly well to remove castor oil and it's better than other products ! i didn't use the castor oil much !
did not hold my attention for long . did not finish it
this is expressionist painting made into a book . so very pleasant and refreshing . to read leisurely .
i bought this as a gift . it arrived when promised . it appears to be everything that they wanted
good
they were good and comfortable and stuff yeah . i wore them all the time when i was out side working .
was a little too shear for me and a could have been a little heavier
fun game , but way too many pop ups each time you quot enter quot the restaurant ! costly decorations , but good menu variety . addictive !
the case does not close properly after sometime of use . i would recommend the product tho because of its cheapness .
its really cute . however it is a bit smaller than i thought , which makes it hard to see the detailing .
egg cutter works well but not on jumbo eggs , extra large are a challenge too . i would buy it again .
it was okay . eddie's dialect seemed a little much for this day and age . otherwise , it was a good read .
it's ok . too much technical stuff . not enough action . never seen so much chuckling , chortling , and snorting . wazzzuup with that .
i was hoping it would be comparable to afternoon tapestry which is scripture to song love it ! .
i enjoyed all the stories very much . penney was fun to read . i recommend this book . to any movie fan .
handy when you wear a wig and need to keep the edges of your hair colored , around your face , etc .
this case didn't fit well and it turned yellow in color after only a few days . would not recommend it
this is a fun book , but the print and the box are too small . otherwise i really enjoy using it .
the fan is kinda loud but works great
i mean it was just ok . the concealer could be a tad bit thicker . it's really thin ! that's all
i could not make myself like this album as much as i liked chaurasia's other cds .
i thought their would be a recipe in the book to do . the story was pretty good not our favorite
characters are likable . great value for a decent , easy read from kindle . a bit predictable , but a good summer read .
maybe if this product was larger i'd like it . its hard to breathe in and gives you a major wegie .
good set of tools for the handyman . not really good for the professional . they are good for my needs though
good cover . pros it's prettycons a little heavy and should have some strap or straps holding the device at the borders .
my grandkids are not good about keeping their cell phones charged and this was the perfect solution for them . thanks
pretty awesome ! not very protective and picks up dirt
the shoe is attractive and stylish . however , it fits a little big . i should have ordered a half size down .
the makeup brush holder is much smaller in reality than it appeared online , but it does hold alot of brushes .
fits great , but the more you do the more it tends to ride up . get it when it's on sale .
it's not the best but i'm still using . when you go cheap you get cheap .
it's okay very nice but doesn't look like the picture . was very disappointed looks nothing like the picture
stool dont stay steady and they are always loose had to buy better stools . nice table . stool not worth it .
i was not very pleased with this item . i expected the bear that sang happy nappers this one did not
its an ok movie
if you like down comforters i would recommend this one . down alternative seems to be another term for fiber .
we never received this item from the original order , and re ordered it in december , . elanders
look's great . not an official weight . very light . ok for play but not for a real game .
strap broke after a couple weeks of use , but i was able to sew it back on .
nothing more to say , other than the ease of buying it and overall cost compare to a local store . good !
good story . nice tie in with philosophy of life and isshinryu and martial arts . one ill keep in my library
was not clearly labeled as pocket dictionary . it is very condensed , with just the bare translation into the other language .
i didn't realize just how 'flat' these boots really were . having platar faciitis made it impossible for me to wear them .
i enjoy this game , but needs better tiles to choose from . tiles are boring , needs more pizazz
i did not have the right device to get results from the chromecast my notebook computer would not recognize it .
this stone is a rather odd color . it's a dark forest green and almost looks like a color change stone .
didn't last long . price is good but it should click longer . great idea though and super for boys' batting practice .
it was a good book . a bit like fifty shades , but not as good . some editing mistakes but not many .
thought this book was going to be a little more detailed . it is an ok book , expected more . thank you .
this ring is really cute n sparkly i just wished it was a little thinner . i would buy another one .
i'm waiting for the android . upgrade for mi samsung galaxy s . bluetooth low energy ble devices are not yet compatible !
not the color in the photo ! other than that small detail the case was great and very durable ! i recommend
good game , some challenging areas if i want them .
this movie had practically no action . it was just the love story . that's all i have to say sorry .
i could not find my size , there were only choices for the size . they were not my size .
it is what it is , just ok except for one or two cuts , which were better . just not all that impressed .
the hydrogel pads cools upon contact , however , the cooling sensation dissipates rapidly . i only wish the cooling sensation lasted longer .
feels cheap plastic after all . rough feeling action . somewhat sudden sweep . basically does what a volume pedal should do , though .
worked well
meh . dissolute characters . way too long for no reason . just couldn't get into it .
not much padding in the strap but the strap is solid and easy to adjust . would like more color options
played well until i uninstalled to redo all my progress . overall it was a great game until our little problem .
it is more of a dress
this is the book you read while waiting to find a good book . this is not the author's . best work
very good case people love it lots of compliments check out my video on this item on youtube rslaborde thanks
liked answers to the exercises at the back of the book . disliked cd rom wasn't fully functional in my vista setup .
i wish the book wasn't written as a diary entry form . i didnt feel like i was reading a book
a nice , enjoyable book , however it will not be joining my shelf of keepers to be reread .
i really didn't care for this type of app . i have removed this app from my device for this reason .
obviously cheaply made shoe . bought them for an aerobics class . they are only very slightly better than my running shoes .
its ok if you have nothing better to do . at first the idea is novel . it get a little old .
works ok , i've seen a reduction in flying bugs , but not effective as i thought it was going to be .
started ameal months ago haven't noticed any difference in my blood pressure readings yet . maureen
very nice dress and material , but very difficult to zip up in the back . other than that loved the dress !
i choose this rating , because i have not purchased this set yet . cost to much , waiting for a lower price .
i like the game , keeps the mind working and challenging . it just needs better access doesn't always open for me .
its ok . i put it on like the instuctions recommended but after awhile it started to peel in a corner .
has everything , love , guns wealth , romance and deception . it starts slow but gets good after one hundred pages . loved it .
they work ok but seems like a little short on the ink .
the first two songs are amazing !
this was a sexy nice and light book to read . i liked the storyline getting trapped in the elevator . enjoyable
no flash support for the kindle units . a lot of videos will not play because they are flash based . please correct
connector is very brittle and will crack when stepped on . this causes a leak or breaks loose altogether . not good .
this was an unnecessary expense . there was no info in the book that was not in the free instruction book .
tedious . why do pastiche authors feel they have to spotlight dr . watson ?
the two shams mentioned in the description were not included . that took away from the presentation . i returned the set .
to slow . good casting for the movie . everytime i thought it was now reving up it would not get going .
this was not the best book i have ever read but it was okay to pass the time
hose conection works well . doesn't draw things in as well as i would like .
great idea , but , the cable clamps included were faulty . had to go to the hardware store to get better clamps .
will not buy this again , although the bristles are soft and very efficient .
good historical read great insight into the man and to the times back then . would recommend to anyone . cheers
not enough to last
good read for a rainy afternoon . the author does a good job making the setting seem appropriate , and fairly accurate .
i have read other books by john grisham that i could not put down , this one was not that way .
it grows on you .
rec . in timely fashion unit in good cond . dosen't heat up as hot as i thought it wouldwould recommend
the lamp looks fine , just as advertised . but the enclosed light bulb had a broken filament when delivered . very frustrating .
once you have read the rest you will understand why only the stars , jim butcher gets better with experience .
its ok . light . bottom could b more cushioned . looks nice and casual . can be worn with jeans or cargo pants
note this is an american charger . i have an s and it charges very quickly . great product . would highly recommend
i love the color , but it turns out the size is too small . so i have to returned it instead .
nice app . should have for bigger kids . not enough for them . good review for kids abe helpfuls skson and grest
the soldering iron came right on time . but when i open the package i did't see the stand that was included .
i love jag jeans , and was hopeful about these skinny ones . unfortunately , they were too short . had to return them .
the candle was chipped all over i don't think i would get it again especially for a present for sure .
seems to load o . k . and certainly has the local news that i was after wheni ordered the app initially .
the story started out slowly . it picked up suspense and interest as it went on . it was an okay read .
one hundred clean , unbroken microscope slides and square covers , what in the world else can i say about the slides ?
it work great
it's too smooth in flavor yet the after taste or feeling in throat is dry . remember not tobacco is molasses
recieved and planted . germinated . has not done much yet .
it was broken on the side where the belt goest through , and the label with care instructions are not in english
it was fine . it work like it should . there is nothing more to be said . yes i would buy again
the book is informative but written for young children . i thought it would be more for older children of adults .
not enough details such as actual email address and websites for , say , buying realty . like agents , etc . etc . etc . etc .
fun kids show for tweens . my daughter who is , loves selena gomez so this was a hit at our house .
unfortunately , i do not feel strongly enough one way or the other to type more than the required twenty words .
good product . it was a bit too small for me though . i recommend this product to all . visca bara !
this hasn't really done anything for me . i really wanted it to work , but there isn't any miracle cures out there .
it's ok , doesn't hold me in as much as i would like
need more excitement ! gets boring after a while ! maybe a bonus for getting all without hints or something ! still fun tho !
not quite what i was anticipating from the description . earpiece does not fit properly . looking for something else to use .
the product is good and new . , and its price was appropriate . but it's not practical . only for occasionsthank youali
cheaply made , but work good for my dog since now she is able to get in bed without anyone's help
i love this keychain and iron man but it scratched and got best up really easily .
at first they were decent but later started too unscrew and now it keeps falling off my head . dont buy
looked exactly like the picture . quality of t shirt material was a little thin .
when they arrived and i tryed them on their to big . how can i return them for a large size .
material feels cheap and the color is darker than than the one shown . i'll keep it as a spare case .
not washable ! found this out the hard way !
my son loves this game so much . this game gives my son a reason not to be scared of the doctor
cool
the stand was messed up but the actual knife was great . ordered it for my husband and he loved it .
i'd like the darkest coffee possible , and this seems about the same as the less expensive dark pods .
very cheaply made . had to be repaired on the second day of playing with it . to slide cracked .
it's ok . i hope this unit can last for at lease years or more i hope it has warranty .
i received the book relatively quickly , but it wasn't in as good condition as advertised .
this book makes the game so much easier . knowing what to expect on each mission helps tremendously .
the knives i received were not pointed the knives aresharp and attractive yes but not pointed as stated
was not really for large head but is ok for price was a little smaller than i thought would be
have been a big fan since parcival . mister monaco is by far the most intelligent writer working in the genre .
difficult to hold your interest . took many chapters to actually get into the story and love story was just okay
i bought the size for my sister , but it's very small . i think it is more like a .
exactly what you would expect . not great , not bad . a decent way to kill and hour and a half .
interesting , but minimal
it doesnt work like i though it will but thats ok so yea i like it a little bit only
you have to really use pressure and repetition to get this to engrave on certain types of metals and plastics .
very , good was exactly as my lecturer prescribed , in fact was the latest published year . fantastic piece of literature ! thanks
were very pretty but , they were not made very well . the necklace broke the firs time she put it on .
the first half of the book has no direction . the second half is much better , but still only stars .
the story very cute . the illustrations were pretty funny . i like the magpie . nice name calling him sergeant major lol .
too short and it was really just ok . would not highy recommend nor not at all recommend , so so read .
kind of small and uncomfortable .
small convenient and practical . remember the battery will last one year . not extraordnary but convenient for taping seminars or so .
it was okay if you like medical thrillers . too much detail to be very thrilling though .
the company shown bioaire , these are not bioaire they are made by another manufacture and seem good but are mislabeled
i say it's okay as i haven't read the book yet . how can i give you an honest opinion ? wait .
they were just okay would of know what they really were and how they were made would on not bought
i should have read the directions first but not the clearest . it's tough though . i may make the purchase again .
it's a fun book . but please be aware this is not a children's book . very adult content . rated r .
the battery doesnt last as long as the factory battery . but it is cheap so .
it is fun to play , and it does work well , and i like that can unlock more boards and tokens .
good for the price .
nice and comfortable but after a couple months your weight sinks in and you feel like you are sinking in
would have preferred more songs , and wish the franchise would offer more contemporary songs more often .
not a whole lot of susbtance . felt like readiing a short story . a pleasant enough read , but not too deep .
wasn't as dark as i would have liked , but the tint was sufficient . all in all it was just ok
nuts fit like oem . tried other nut from local hardware store , but they protruded further than this nut .
nice quality but doesn't stretch much . very simple but very nice . very rustic looking ? i don't know what to say
its ok . needed new mag pouch and these came in handy . had better but these will do for right now .
i bought these for marketing purposes . but they were much smaller than i expected . just a word to the wise .
tom cruise is just ok as usual . mr . overactor . i'm thinking he would be better suited for soap operas than dramas .
not american size xl , check the size chart closely before ordering , don't go by the letter designation xl not
i love speedo but the contemporary style is not for me so i returned it and purchased the conservative style .
this games is ok i like it ffffffffff fffffffff fffff ffffff ffffuuuu uuuuuuu uuu uuu uunn nnn nnnnn nnnnn game
i like it
with an interesting premise and enough detail to be realistic . a little shallow in places but still a fun read .
it takes much too long to charge and there were no instructions of any kind .
but for my personal taste the case size is too big and the overall weight of the watch is uncomfortable .
pretty mindless but action packed .
it okay
funny movie . especially the network anchor rumble . some clever stuff . its a good rent .
not the greatest read , especially if you know the justice system and how it works . would not recommend this book
the dress is pretty but the sizing is not accurate to usa sizes , i would suggest to a size up .
when we went to use the first one we tried it broke very easily . nd one worked . colors are assorted .
not my kapak reconstructor . that's for sure . but i can't help that just have to get us ed to it .
this is typical wwe programing little to see lot of ads i still like to use the app thank you
story was predictable . finished reading the book , but was in a hurry to finish . christian content was accurate and appreciated .
just fair
worth a watch . some funny moments . a little bit similar to bridesmaids but not as funny .
they are what i needed , count and quality is fine . not much more you can say , they're new , they're corks .
my dog loves the toy but the two squeakers stoped working within hours . don't buy it for the squeak .
the color did not last lone on the edges .
good cd . i mean it was the soundtrack so you already know whats going to be on it .
good story , but really slow . have enjoyed her other books , but hard to stay involved in plot in this one .
still okay , watchable . if a better show were on , it would probably get my attention before under the dome would .
even though not the very best i've read , all in all a good read for a quiet en rainy sunday .
this gives you good functional overview but not details for developers .
just like old times , just smaller than i expected .
nice clutch for any event , i love the skulls on the knuckles , ive got a ton of compliments . than you
nice
needs to be cheaper . did learn a few things . overall not a bad read . still too expensive for a e book .
its ok . not much to do but there is a new place to shoot coming soon . good thing its free
fun . just stupid they always want u to connect with fb which becomes annoying . fun for something to do though .
thought more lenses came with the package , but its only one lens . a little deceiving but works quite well . thanks
we love the halo brand however this particular sleepsack is too warm . if you are in a cold climate , perfect !
zutano baby boys his nice for months babys age hope can have more variety in colors that current one
hey , it's a battery at a very low price . when one conks out , stick in another , period and that's it .
covers the basics of personal finance in an understandable way without too much detail . most useful to military and veterans .
the shoes are super cute . they run half size small . if your feet isn't wide , out may feet better .
good
dialogue helps characters come to life . good mix of wit and nuance . i'd recommend it to my friends for sure .
im disappointed with this case . it cracked in places and i only used it days so not good
but fun ! i just love watching the graphics on my kindle fire . ! an amazing instrument ! not into games .
nd one ! thxthxthxthxtykkkkkkkkkkkkklllllllllllllllllllllll
this case looks great but does not offer much in the way of protection on the front of the phone
this cover is a little bit bulky in the pocket and falls out from the hip attachment . overall , its ok .
good now to fill up the rest of the space withg random words one three nine and now i'm done
material is heavy and stiff even after repeated washings . tall fit is super long almost looks like a dress .
it looks and feels cheap . a classic case of you get what you pay for . this is a gold coated item .
funny and it read at a decent pace . some of the characters were unnecessary , but the romance was not schmaltzy .
he enjoys crackers with his home made blue cheese dip . we used it with multi company . no negative feedback from anyone .
the book is ok , but without the illustrations and sound examples , it is hard to follow . amazon , please fix this .
interesting and i can see the point . very conservatively done , which i can understand even why . i recommend seeing it .
difficult to use and my dogs love the taste . my dogs found an unused roll and ate the whole thing .
did not fit my tv toshiba but was able to jury rig it to work . should be called almost universal
hooked these up along side my inch subs and inch speakers and could hardly tell the difference
this appears to suppress my appetite but i've yet to lose any weight or experienced any boost in my energy .
the battery was shipped quickly . the battery charged without a problem and is working fine .
didn't much care for the bluish tint lighting this has . but other than that is seemed ok
i thought the games would be more challenging like the true i spy but its been fun for my grandchildren
when i realized one slipper was different from the other one . i was disappointed because i didnt expect it . sad
i love the original and while i thought this take was kind of fun , i wasn't super excited about it .
the shirt is not as fitted in the waist as in the picture . and i'm a similar build as the model
very good little movie .
my baby can grip them easily she tries to crawl towards the balls . they are on the expensive side though .
i like it , but it is hard to hear the other party when you are talking on the phone .
this is just as pretty in person , but it broke pretty quickly not surprised though because it was so cheap .
i broke the primary washable filter and can not find a replacement .
working fine most of the time , sometimes unit freezes , have to unplug it to get disk out .
it takes too much power . my great grandson yrs old loves it
it was difficult to spool off from a spool that kept snagging up . i haven't fished with it as of yet .
its very beautiful but it is not that comfortable . color is nice .
the material is amazing but it was very big for me
nothing i liked . it's free , give it a try . it isn't my favored genre of music .
i don't think it's really right to love this show . it's just sad trashy tv for bad days , every volume season .
i like it and use it . be careful about the rack sliding when you holster your weapon . good value . comfortable .
i would not spend the extra money look at the breville bes xl it the same machine . you will save money
they work needs to be made of better materials . so it will indure weather longer fair pricesierra airstream restorations nv
i haven't had to use it yet . hopefully if i have to use it , i will rate it stars .
i gave the review a because it wasn't amazing but it wasn't terrible . i would recommend this book for middleschoolers
not the most comfortable sandals i've owned . don't hold a candle to birkenstocks .
so far so good . works well here in the us and overseas
forgot how cheezy this was when it started . then like most things it started to get a little better . wow
not backlit like originalworksx xxx xx xxxx xx xxxx xx x xxxxx xxxxx xx xxx xx lol ! you can say that again
the boys love it , but one of the boxers isn't work property . they have to play with out the stage .
good but is short .
thought they were metallic
you need purchase separate adapters for r a automotive a c work . it works fine otherwise .
i received the international version instead of the regular version luckily there were no major differences in the text .
this book took a very different turn . not at all what i expected , characters , great variety an array of styles .
although this pan is stainless steel , the handle is not riveted . i can't comment on longevity just yet .
this item was as described but it did take a little more time than i anticipated to get to me .
worked fine .
not the material i was expecting , and way too small . i will be returning and getting a refund .
i think this app has too many boys not enough girls or princesses and make an app to draw princesses .
its a cute case but the colors do wear off very fast it the case is kept in your pocket .
fast paced , fun game . keep coming back to it . just when you think you can't do it , you do ! great fun .
i rally thought it was going to be just a bit thicker that . overall i found it to be ok .
necklace doesn't look like sterling silver , pendant very small and lightweight . i was expecting something alittle heavier snd better quality
nice background music , but definitely not the buddha bar experience .
i find i'm not using it as much as i thought i would . it's easier to buy good ice cream !
the sleeves were too short . order a size up .
liked it pretty well , but my brother never commented on it though , so i'm not sure he liked it very much .
i didn't learn a lot from this dvd , but i think it would be great for someone just learning .
some helpful information . it did feel like an advertisement for their business at many points though .
these pens break easily . the also leave marks on the screen of your electronic . i thought the product product was overall okay .
not enough information for me . i expected more . but for the price it is ok . i love the books amazon offers .
i cannot honestly rate this as i am not able to download it to my tablet to play it , sorry
have only used it a few times . not very good in low light but great with full normal room lighting
the tools are good , and i used them to assemble a table . however , the box isn't , and really feels cheap .
perfect fit and ready installation . just not as dark from sides as i would like or expected .
i should have ordered a larger gb unit next time i will do this or order more than one unit
kind of smelly and works like most deet products . i don't know about the hrs , but it works for clothes .
i was not asked the color of my hair , thus i received a dark brown band , my hair is blonde .
this book was ok . the story was hard to follow at times . i found it easy to put down . mediocre .
the velcro doesnt hold very well and my kindle falls off very easily thats why i gave it three stars
color not the same as other victorious
it works , but the problem is that it is too big that occupies a lot of space in my room ,
pretty but the knots seem a little flimsy . they are pretty , but bend and don't stay in shape very well .
written as only parker does . however this is a very slim volume guess i was expecting more .
good for straight cuts only . a tile saw is better for all type of cuts .
qualyty low
it was okay till the end when it was learned it was a hoax but it was believeable at first
too short to get to the story . i hate it when marketing kicks in to get money not patron . ha !
it's fine , but not a great product . light and not very sturdy . still , it's fine for what it is . overpriced .
small type for bets so it is tough to follow . seeing others bank rolls would be nice . not to bad .
interesting read but story too drawn out . needed to move along faster . willing to read more from this talented author
cheap case . the case is bent on the corner and doesn't fit correctly but you get what you pay for .
these peekaboo books are great for young toddlers . my child can point out everyone's eyes , nose and toes !
speaker
it was a present for a computer geek , three years ago , i haven't heard of any problems with the os .
is a simple piece set , something to wear home . 'm fine , accurate measurementsthank you for attending my orders . thanks
these pillows are okay , they do poke me while laying on them , but what do you want for buck .
book is slow to start but does pick up momentum half way through . writing is a bit labored af times .
this is a good product , but the price has doubled over the last year or so . does anyone know why ?
i like this game but the there are some really difficult parts in it but overall it's a good game .
i found that only about floated but the even sunk quickly . used a lot better product than this one
i was a little put off by the fact that it's a minute movie . but the kids like it .
great book , really told me stuff i already knew but needed tohear . i really appreciated . the detail and the examples .
i can hardly fit anything in it , but it's adorable . it was worth the money i spent on it though .
the cost is expensive for type of proudct . i know they can be less . can you help reduce the price price ?
these are somewhat better than the gel separators .
dont really want to share a rave review its a charger nine more words required to a completed review done
scent good , doesn't last long
not as good as i remember but still pretty okay over all . it was better on big screen of course
does what it supposed to do .
great pattern , good quality , but too short . i returned this , bought the curtains , and made my own .
don't bother trying to buy this unless you're in the contiguous states .
yes , just ok . a bit choppy and hard to follow . not that add . easy to read though . funny parts and parties
good book , good images but not enough text to start a usefull reflection about mobile design and good principles .
having trouble viewing images on the kindlefire hd . otherwise the app itself seems to work pretty good . tra la la .
i love this brand , but the red is super hard to match with .
the main binding of the book had separated . plenty of markings in the book too . not as nice as advertised .
small around your body but not in the cupsize . kind of an awkward fit for smaller busted and heavier women
liked it but didn't love it . good for the plane .
the wings are beautiful however a bit scratchy for baby's skin . would have preferred a softer padding on the back
oaky for a bored saturday .
the jacket is warm , but is lighter weight and less rugged than expected . fleece sheds a bit . value is o . k .
i was not mine so i do not know how it was . all i can say is it was ok .
cable is too short
i dealt like it one of you just hats it its notso bad ! just try it ! oh come on
not for average people with limited money to start a small business .
enough to carry ya mobile
voice quality was very poor . i had keep playing with the volume through out the movie , which was very frustrating .
works alright
classic s ! i actually think the second one is better , but both movies are a good watch .
ok book . mystery was a little to easy to guess . but i liked it . it's a good book to read .
should have been a magazine article instead of a book . too short and not really inspiring or of great interest .
the rubber liner ripped putting it on but i got it to fit , so it will do ok for now
i was upset that u can only play one level before you have to upgrade . hfnb yygjh . jhghhhc highhg g
perfect for what it's suppose to do pump air into the mini basketball . it arrived broken but it'll do
it lost its color and peeled off . looked rough after about weeks of use . shipping was accurate on no hassle .
average quality . not good for gifting . it's just like a bowling pin starw . plastic material is not so great for water . thanks
great book
i really like it very challenging but continues to freeze up if they could fix that i would love it .
received chargers and only one works
this book is very boring to me . it reminds me of a college book report . it is a fast read . very disappointing .
this has an acquired taste .
my life's been a country songthis is a very good cd . it reminds me of his earlier releases .
the premise is pretty far fetched and the characters aren't very believable . the action is strained with too many miracles
not super accurate because it rounds the numbers . but overall its ok because it does the job .
having trouble getting my dish anywhere to recognize my iphone hotspot when not at home .
they're not the best quality .
i guess i thought this would be more visually engaging and have paged through not fully reading it through yet .
at first i was like . wait what is this about . it is rushed . in a way i still like it .
highly readable , somewhat predictable . a fast , fun summer read .
not pretentious , easy to watch with smooth pacing . production values are good . would have liked the option of spanish subtitles .
good story but too long and redundant
haven't used this product long enough to get any results . check back later . i really hope this works for me .
i love the case but it was a little small , finally got it on my phone ! but now it's good !
it was start of second year , so i wanted to see if i had interest in season two . it's ok .
very cute cell phone case yet it was definitely made pretty cheaply . it broke quickly ! i was very dissappointed ! '
i thought it would retain my city weather report , but the second time i checked , i could not find it .
it broke the same day i recieved it . they are very cheap plastic . but i did get it very quickly
no doubt a great book , but unfortunately the audio book version is not sold in my geographical region the netherlands .
i ordered a new product , but to me it is a used , there are obvious signs of use . with a well .
i found that this book was too wordy and could have been written more concisely . i did appreciate the techniques .
pretty much the same thing as the original that it replaced .
its cheap and it fixes the broken screen . color and quality though is not the greatest .
this is totally personal preference . it works as advertised and quality made . i just didn't like the feel of it .
i thought i was ordering a remote for my zune radio , got the wrong item , my bad
the story is dark , but fascinating . makes technology for kids really scary ! a good read for parents of young teens .
i was hoping for a better performance from the blades . that is why i inly gave ti a three rating
these flowers are ok . they look more like indigo , a very dark purple . but am gonna use them any way .
very good story , but sad . how well do we know our friends and neighbors ? be a friend to someone today .
i guess you get what you pay for , hopefully the cases will actually benefit the protection of the phone itself .
this is a relatively useful tool for the preparation of beans'n frank's . it slices frank's in uniform , presentable slices . so .
the sound quality was good and transmit good . surveillance kit stopped working after three weeks . no obvious broken wires found .
they were better before . they are not as thick now and come individually wrapped which makes them wasteful .
its not as sturdy as i hoped it would be .
does not get hot enough and takes too long to get warm at all . i would not buy this again .
dragged out at end . a tough editing would have garnered more stars .
so this is a zombie movie , well if it is wasn't done very well and makeup not great either so
very durable and its exactly what i thought it would be ! and it wasn't expensive ! great product . i love it !
a little thin but seems to do the job it was meant to . the price was right for the product .
say you will is a good read . i look forward to reading the other books in the summerhill book series .
thin fabric t hope it doesn't wear out quickly which is what i was trying to avoid . otherwise it fine .
love the game . just don't like to use gold coins to upgrade .
eh it was alright it wasn't great but it was eh . never wanna read this book again in my life
nice but made more for teenagers to early twenties . not cheap , just a younger look and light weight . blah blah
time crisis is good but it doen't come with a gun .
enjoying it
was more than pleased with this item , and made a wonderful gift for a young girl who loves dolphins ty
a way to jump start or re spark your poetry . long lists of ideas to cajole the dull or defiant muse .
historically this is very very 's in a very kitschy and endearing way . not anything more unfortunately
the story was a good one , but i found so many typos and copy editing errors that it was distracting .
the lace part of the shoe is too long and does not stay up when you tie it . keeps falling down .
it's a good children's movie . my son enjoyed it and got sone laughs out of it . it's a good classic .
i ordered a size m and it looks like an xs i've to return it because it really doesn't fit !
works ok with this price .
having to pay for this short story , i enjoy baldacci as a writer but feel taken by paying for this .
it kinda works
the popcorn is good , but it is low calorie by being a very small serving .
pretty dress however extremely low cut and not for women with breasts bigger than a a !
cute , but a bit cheaply made and willnot likely hold up . fold out trays are nice and useful , but flimsy
one of the monogram barney google snuffy smith films . the alpha print is acceptable with the usual splices , etc .
this bag ripped immediately and i bought the king size for a queen mattress and it barely fit . no bueno .
nothing special , was comical , paul rudd is great in all movies . middle of the pack as far as recent comedies .
the app is good but only getting one coin for each puzzle that you solve is not very much .
it s just like any other vaccum , no big difference from the one that i have before , regular one .
i was really hoping for something so much better than what i received . it just looks really cheap to me .
not nearly as tasty as i remember from when i was a teenager .
unconditional love , passion , heartbreak , friendship , drama , lots of sex . this book has it all . have tissues on hand while reading
it was somewhat predictable and the ploy of the future revelations' was totally unrelated to the plot .
the story line is good but it was a chore to read . poor editing , misspellings and other errors are common .
not a true size they were tight . i have pair of size d . i know what i wear
not exactly what i was expecting . it was only about inches tall of smaller , but she loved it anyways .
wished xl size existed . my hat slides up my head and i begin to look like a gnome . good attempt .
it's ok
this has very simple recipes for busy people on the go . i always love pictures so the more the better .
it didn't really hold my son's interest though he was very excited seeing it in a store .
good
recently being diagnosed with celiac , this is very helpful in making breads which is an important part of our lives .
it is good for what the author sets out to do , but it could have been so much more .
works fine doesn't take out odors like id like but it takes out wrinkles pretty well for a compact steamer
noisy when breaking but they work . if you're on a budget get them , otherwise look for something a little better .
i like there products , wanted to try it out , not bad , but nothing special . worth the money .
i wish there wasn't so much highlight points already because these points are not areas i need to focus on .
this dvd arrived very promptly in excellent condition . however , i have not had time to watch it . soon
the product works as advertised but not overly impressive . would recommend it to others but don't expect too much from it
the only thing it's missing is a cover for the front so that part doesn't get scratched . otherwise , very nice product .
not at all what i expected . very short strand and not as large as i'd hoped . but they are ok
start with stings of unconscious . this is good hard core metal music , but not as good as their earlier work .
small . supposed to be plus sized but not . x fits like a large maybe . print isn't flattering on curvy legs
the socks were fine , but not quite the quality i was looking for . shall use them though . thank you very much
nice for the price , even though one of the tips broke off after a couple of uses . they are nice .
okay , but not great . not enough variety in items and locations . after awhile it is boring . i need more challenges .
at the same time , as very heavy , they are rather bulky and they did not fit well on my doors
too small . thought the product was going to be bigger
very convenient but does require good hand washing to clean properly . for this reason alone i am rating stars .
romina power is interesting to watch in this flick , but overall , the story needs more help then she can deliver .
always good when it's birdy , but not the best . chorus gets very repetitive . rhythm goes from ballad to fast beat ?
i had expected a regular length novel . i was extremely surprised when it ended where the first chapter would have .
gave to a friend for his bday . he liked it . not sure what it follows although im assuming piranha ?
whyyyyyyyyyy ? i love this premise . how fantastic ! why was it written so badly ?
glad i also bought a ' cable as this is really to short to use on a lot of occasions .
enjoyed it but not enough to read it again .
it is too short . the picture of the product is not the same as the final product .
wraps up the ealier books , but appear to be in a rush to do so . all in all a fun read .
good performances . interesting but not compelling . perhaps i am too familiar with the material and not responsive to the presentation .
does this include a charger ? i am unsure if i have to purchase a charger separately or not . thank you !
have only played a few times but good graphics , quick response time and fun to play . so far so good . easy , too .
doesn't fit right in my hp laptop sd slot . but it works in my camera so i kept it .
not bad for the price . made in china it's sharp and the blade doesn't wiggle n k y h gs
she likes it . there was one song i listened to that was nice . i havent listened to the whole thing
this product is not designed to work as well on plastic tables . have to keep an eye on the clips .
they tend to wear out fast over time and then tear and fall off . will not purchase again in future
i was hoping the screen cover would stick better . it also was not the exact fit needed for my phone .
loved the saying but the print is super small . gave it as christmas gifts to a few of my friends
not bad . i little slow moving plot . very predicable plot . long book !
pretty good not a lot of points given but a really really really good game to play anywhere . overall good
it was an ok book . i would have liked to hear more of the story and less about the bible
i don't know that is it so good . but i feel save when i have it .
not metal as i thought but it works for our needs . not as nice as our cheaper ones either though .
delightful !
an economical alternative to photoshop elements diversity and surprising quality . a very nice gift . great value for money . bravo ! will buy again
works okay . not as well as one i down loaded on my iphone from fingerarts . it will do for now .
one piece of the cord did not work properly upon arrival , but the other piece of the cord worked fine .
i was looking up sweat pants and thought this was what i was getting . don't care much for them actually .
ironically , a rather too heady look at the hand . touches on many aspects of the hand brain connection , in short dense references .
the microfiber fabric is nice , but the towels seems a little on the small side to me .
the bottoms fit well , i had to fix the top to fit me but it was a good buy .
fine
good product the beanie garfield is very cute . dvd is very funny but that's just garfield for you !
perfect size . but too heavy to hang on my beagle very long , it gets too hot .
there are better ones out there to spend your money on . it did get here on time and in conditon .
there are more improved ones out there this is an older model but works .
i like this game out of all the games i have . so if you whant ofrode this is your game
not as good as other kellerman novels , but i always enjoy reading her . i left me wanting a better story .
it's good but a little bigger then i thought . can be very nice if it's smaller and better material
its not the best app in the work but its fun to play with at an all girls party's
the lamp is not nearly as bright as lamps i have purchased in the past . it should be much brighter .
i actually kind of hated this book at first , but it got much better when they told the flashback stories .
sweet taste , few calories but does not sweeten as effectively as other sweeteners . flavor somewhat strong . i will not return .
for those who like such plots , they may enjoy this drama . contains adulterous affairs and some unpleasant twists . three stars .
not bad , serves its purpose so i dont have to lean forward to get my drink while pregnant . no complaints !
rather shallow , and not too impressive . rather wordy and ambiguous , not sure what the author's purpose or point really is .
very beautiful just sad rose lasted a week before falling off but just reglued it . got many compliments on it .
they look ok , however they snag easily if you have pets . its a bandaid until i get the cloth style
not enough info about how to care for them after they bloom like how to trim them , from the plants
fun , but really repetitive . when you get to the upper levels finding the last remaining enemies can be a chore .
it didn't fix the problem , when installed , nothing worked , so at a total loss as to what to do now !
the slippers fit great and are comfortable . i'm a size and ordered . size . i would recommend this product , .
the item i received does not work with the pan i have . i must have mis measured my pan . oh well .
this arborio rice performs poorly . it does not absorb water well and it easily becomes pasty . go for another kind .
hey , what the . ? the cutting mats don't match the recess in the board . all , save one , had to be trimmed
a very cute story with a good mix of magic and adventure . meant for the younger reader but enjoyable to all .
better than season , worse than season . smallville is beginning to lose its charm . great ending though !
these costume beads are really cheap , but for costume wear and the price , it is perfectly fine for the show .
i don't like these chewables as well , and i don't think that they work as well as the tablets .
very much after smoke when dosed out . also the smokesmelled pretty badly . color of candles was appealing a pretty orange
it's very average . if you don't have anything to do , you can watch . its not bad not is it good .
this will look terribly slutty on you if you have big boobs , unless you plan on your nipples popping out .
i don't know if the product works or not .
although i like the product . i don't feel the price is warranted . but then , that's just my opinion . thank you !
the ring circle fell off or broke off but , that's okay it looks great nestled among my plants .
happy there are large eye but others so small won't be able to use
it's nice looking not what i thought , i guess it will do the jod
typical astrology love signs book . skip around to different signs chapters i was interested in and found the standard personality traits .
cheaply made wallet and slightly expensive . however , i love marvel comics so i like it .
ehh , they're alright . not much stick to them though . just like at the salon . it is what it is though .
good info and tips on photographing the bride and groom . very detailed info on general photographing wedding parties . thank you
the straps were too wide for a business suit use imho . i returned them .
it protects well and is easy to remove and put on but it fits way too tight .
what it covers it covers well but for complete knee coverage it is a bit sparse . that is about it .
i though it would be brighter but its ok i guess , great for smaller rooms not living rooms or partys .
it really does nearly eliminate fingerprints . smudges and other stuff though , are another matter . it collects dust like nothing else .
i like it very much . a bigger size would have been more comfortable . will order another .
they are a double e and they are still narrow . not true to sizenice color and velcro but very narrow
yes i liked it it keeps my phone in my hands and doesnt fall out so easily lol but thanks
the case was fine it looked like someone tried to make it coloring was a little bit distorted .
disappointed , was hoping they would be slightly bigger to accommodate a vanilla wafer used as the crust for mini cheesecakes .
i've been using it daily for the past few weeks now , but i don't see much of a difference yet .
it is just what they announce . it fits well in most watches . i recommend it , good price for what you get .
the lids on these aren't as sturdy as the one's i recently purchased from walmart . the metal is somewhat loose .
neither earth shattering or groundbreaking , but a practical , consistent trio of well textured , minimal minded early ep's nonetheless .
cute . but you get what you pay for .
good value
just an ordinary romance book , good enough to read but not anything to yell about i would not buy it .
and you won't be able to put it down , but it becomes a story that we've heard many times before .
its as described , not like the pic though but everything was fine and can be used for my scooter haha
good but only says how long the battery will last and it also works on kindle fire hd very good
it did not last very long and the spin part not particularly effective for brushing the teeth of a toddler .
not alot of bass , dont fit real well on head , feel cheaplong cord is good , price was right , arrived quick
it looks good with the available price and can be affordable . it doesn't look extremely great but not bad either .
this was a gift for my grandson . he was happy with the paper . seems to rip easy . liked all the colors
the book is interesting , but i was hoping for information on field marshall radetzkysince i am a decendent .
my case was broken and it did not tell me that before i bought it , everything else was fine though ,
came on time , no problems . the price was too high for what i got
this book is a reference book for me i've used it a few times and it mostly has been helpful .
only enjoyed a few of the songs
pretty good overall tool though very low resolution so i wouldn't want to rely on this for anything real detailed .
basic guide for use on model if you have a standard . any upgrades and manual really is no help .
this did not fit my phone correctly . phone went in securely , but the various holes did not line up .
light weight . nice that wand can be removed from base for cleaning . feels cheap .
these are cute but awkward . they stick out when you move the curtain , and fall off when moved side to side
velcro wears out quickly .
these are great products . i would have given this one stars if they used anything other than c batteries .
was not that good looking .
i epected too much . too much dettailisl missing , imho . wont know how to come up with you required words here
it's ok .
ehh it was an ok game i guess so yea i like it u would to if u play it
not a bad mystery novel however the move between reality and dream sequences was not really to my personal liking .
i find this doesn't hold as long as other gaffers tape .
i was very disappointed with the sound quality . even with the megabass turnedon it didn't seem to make much difference .
it works pretty well . the only issue is that it's extremely loose and falls if moved . seems to be accurate .
a fun read . a very well paced and entertaining story . an interesting take on the satyr myth .
fun . but it doesn't have it all . very short about hours and very repetitive . almost zero replay value .
a moving story of sacrificial love , injustice , hope for the future and faith in the people you thought were enemies .
je donnerais mon opingion dans un mois lorsque je l'aurais mis en pratique dans un avenir proche . a tres bientot
heavy duty i hope the welds hold up as they do not go fully around the connection .
you can tell its made cheap , but it is does look pretty , but won't protect phone . the design is what sells it .
to young for my son so he doesnt play it so that is all ti have to write about it
the restraint works as promised , but is stiff and is a little awkward for use on a very small dog .
the story was intriguing and fast paced . but it was predictible and left questions unanswered . overall a good read . enjoy .
took awhile to get through this one . and the ending was a bit anti climactic . otherwise still a good read
the highlight here is vedder and his poetic lyricism , but the songs themselves are mostly very short and musically uninteresting .
short but a decent read . doesnt add anything to the zombie genre , but an entertaining read . very short novella . thanks
go back to making good products not having to scam more money out of us to replace locks and hinges .
kevin lehman presents us with a challenge . good book to pick up and read every now and then
medium size , plastic feel strong , with two aa batteries , but soon run out . photo quality is so so , but very cheap .
fun but hard to see things
good book , very interested to see what happens next ! sometimes felt a little rushed but other wise a good read .
it's just a piece of paper . i don't know what we can possibly review on it . it's nice and shiny
the game was pretty much what we expected . worth the money i spent on it . would suggest this to somebody else .
the book was sort of good . the time bomb and the gatling cannon were my favorite traps . they were cool .
cheap stitching and fabric behind logo on front keeps head itching . couldn't where this hat , but it does look nice .
not to be stereotypical , but i was pleasantly surprised when i heard this . my first from them but not my last .
just the rather drawn out story of steve martin's lengthy rise to comedy stardom . interesting , but not what i expected .
a book that moves in leaps and bounds at one point and crawls at others . not a bad read overall .
it works as fine but does not last as the original does , and it heats a lot than the original
please delete from my list .
they have electricity better models but they sold me older version . i has a year old model . the gad newer . hmm
nice illustrations . no major changes . very original . good book , it's good for kids and adults . thumbs up to the illustrator .
so far it is just ok . did not quite get to the end but so far it is just ok .
works but a little flimsy and it's easy to pinch your fingers hands when opening it to set on the floor .
the boot fits just as the comments said through the calf width , and runs a bit large in the shoe .
can a plush size girl interest a hunky guy ? find out in this start up plush size dating service novel ,
works good just took a while to get it
i'm not impressed with this book , the author spends too much time highlighting his work not enough time teaching you
didn't deserve to win best picture . roots was a better drama . it's not worth the time or trouble to watch
this is a nice , easy read , but it was pretty predictable . i like some of jillian hart's other books better .
this wallet is beautiful , however , it is very small . i would think that most men would find it too small .
the adhesive wasn't strong enough to stay on my shoe for only a few hours .
reads like a children's book . i may have been mistaken , but it was a cute story , and a quick read .
i ordered welch's grape jam but receive grape jelly . kept the jelly because my great grand twin boys will eat both .
i don't believe these work as advertised . however , i have continued to use them . not sure why ! keep hoping , i guess .
fun and funny but average . i love the actors but the movie is beneath them . rent it don't buy it
pricey for what you get . did okay the computer did run better but not great . would not recommend this .
the beads on this are really tiny . i expected them to be a bit bigger .
i'll give them . total but friendly price can give you more choicenot bad at all d thank you
but a pack of these , they will wear out in a very quickly , we use the b d because of the light weight .
when they say mini , they really mean mini . can hardly see the imprint on the belt plates . but its okay
sure , it's fine .
good easy read nice for summer why do they make you write a recent to start that you finished oh brief
it is a well made movie . good acting . provides a good picture of los angeles during gang wars of early 's .
it wasn't very interesting to watch for me . one story was okay , the rest was bordering on the boring side .
pretty fun game , wish started with more coins . good game to pass some time . there are varied different horror movies
too much room in the belly not enough in the behind , slight bag in the knee .
nice elegant case very sturdy . love the look the only issue . the gold prices fell off two days after i finally received it .
fix this app provide clues as to who the shadow could be give the option to move on
just a required textbook . covers the subject adequately . really , i'm just happy to be nearly done with nursing school .
not as good as their regular , not deluxe , peeler . all of their other products that i've purchased have been outstanding .
freezes a bit but not that bad still fun though should be more clothing and more ways to make money
it is probably me , but the laptop does not function . if advice is available , i would appreciate the input . thanks .
if you are looking for a lot of space to write personal recipes , this is not the book for you .
the dimensions are correct but the bamboo is too thin so i expect this piece to have a short lifetime
it was ok thought it ended a bit abrupt , the illustrations were . probably . stars
is not bad or good . but i have to keep it like this . thanks for all . bye bye bye bye
i haven't used it enough yet to get an adequate opinion . iwill continue to evaluate it and upgrade my rating .
the iphone end is too fat to be used with a lifeproof case . the quality seems alright though . good product .
could be better quality
do not like , thought it would hold kindle while i readit is ok for what it iswill do for now
great shoe but too small for my grandson . wonder why all other styles fit my grandson but not this one ?
i wish it was a graphic and not a sticker . but hey it was cheap . i would recommend to anyone
with all the hype that accompanies this band , i just can't figure out how they earn it . buy something else .
hard to type and hit back button because of the side buttons needs to be more smooth great price though
it didn't raise my libido as promised but thats ok it provided good proteineven after finishing the entire bag
this chair was smaller than expected see my posted picture however it seems well made and my daughter likes it .
the internet download from amazon does not impress with its audio quality . disappointed with the sound . really like the singer .
i didn't realize i got one of these with my phone but that is fine .
it worked fine i just wish there were more puzzles to start with not enough challenge to get me curious .
this cover looks nice , but does not hold up my ipad in order to view it in an upright position .
my husband has this on his work phone and it has done well in extreme heat and sandy , gritty conditions .
these are basically like hard raisins with seeds . they taste is okay , but is not like what i was expecting .
gun pocket has bad zipper constantly gets stuck not a good thing
i felt it needed the gluten for cake baking or and rolling our dough thinly . i like the flavor and health benefits .
the large ran on the small side so i was disappointed that i had to return it . return went smoothly .
i wish it had a more delicate chain , but it's still a cute style . you can't beat the price .
timer works ok so far but unit leaks . only had it a month or so , so can't tell about longevity .
pretty good book for someone with advanced woodworking skills . probably a little too advanced for a beginner . otherwise nice book .
color smeard when i first tried cleaning it . the black eyes color leaked other than that not a bad sticker
not for me but my son says the earphones are good but they hurt his ears .
it's not great , but for the price you pay for it , definitely worth it . get what you pay for basically .
why does this game need permission to have sex with your mom ? she already did everyone in the whole town .
this was a ok book . i can't say it is a book i would urge my friends to go buy .
having trouble getting into this book . the characters speak in old english which slows me down . the way through
i didn't find it as riveting as the previous robert langdon books . the theme of world overpopulation was interesting , however
i bought two pair last year . , . bought two more this year . totally different fit . same size . ? i don't understand how this can happen .
it work good and does what is says , holds legos , word to the wise , these don't make good step stools .
did not realize that it was basically a sheet set . no padding in the blanket part . pitcher is miss leading .
i was thinking in something different about the bookwell , it a ok bookit's a ok book just ok
nice fabric and color and form fitting sexy style i do recommend this dress however verify your size before ordering
started out great , well researched and a very interesting plot . i didn't like the ending though , got a bit hokey .
good to watch on those days you have tons off movies on your watch list but yet nothing to watch .
i liked the case however after a few accidental drops the case broke .
it does what i need it to do . i wish the wrinkles were less noticeable . i would buy another one .
handles are just okay , they don't fit very well , and we have to buy additional hardware to make them work .
a decent effort by the pop rock quartet from australia , but it's not really anything special .
they were too long and too wide all over . just not the right fit for us . always liked levis thought .
case was well made . however , it discolors my white gray cellphone case made by otterbox for my motorola xt
thought it would contain more written info . guess i didn't read the description well enough . actually didn't want a journal
too hard
the book is a good read . it answered some of my question regarding my dog
after using it an washing it quite frequently , the corner seems started to come apart . a little disappointed . it's ok .
this does not measure the same as sugar . don't believe it . otherwise , it's pretty good , i don't notice an aftertaste .
ok movie , ok plot . enjoy having the multiple formats to watch it on especially having the digital copy for itunes .
i didn't get a message that it was delivered so i did not get it in time for my function
the bronzer side so sheer and all product can destroyed easily but the blusher so pigmented i like it m
seems to work fine . only test of time will tell . in my experience it seems a little thin not like a weber .
this case does hold up and did not break as most of them do . although the bling is quickly gone !
good game , just a little hard to play on my kindle . i would recommend it for others to play ! enjoy
tight fit not at all ample very disappointed
picture is too large for the frame and it is not as as bright as shown .
it's ok not as funny as i thought it was going to be . did have its moments . what to say
good music , will be better if this was with the original artists but for . good
extensions are nice but i was looking for thickness and they are very thin . also more wire like than real .
the manual is nice but thought it would be better . brought it to supplement my library . nice but not spectacular .
biting and searingwritten in if you're white its an angry eye opener
ok deal , and the end product is indistinguishable from a true photo print . but they are expensive and easily damaged .
used this to replace oem camera does not plug in to oem plug however spliced in fine . a good alternative .
action is well paced , characters are intelligent , as is the dialogue . a good , solid sci fi read .
there were some really good recipes for cupcakes in this book . and great way to cut some of the calories .
home run was a good family movie . enjoyed watching the movie . i would recommend for others to see . good movie .
as any parent knows , reading has to be fun for adults , too . this book annoys me a bit . too repetitive .
this item seens to be authentic but it has no feet . overall it's nicely made and soft . true to size
i bought this because i liked it years ago . very , very small bottle and not quite the sent i remember .
rather erratic behavior has occured . do not feel it is giving me an accurate reading . better thah nothing i guess !
sometimes i have to giggle it to make the connections work when plugging it in to the phone and wall .
didn't care for some of the descriptive words . it was too short and not enough suspense . did like the subjects .
surprisingly , the lyrics and melody are kind of boring here . the lyrics in the chorus are sort of generic sounding .
they were all pretty good but it was really just a number of shorts that were in one book .
great sauce but too pricey . if i wasn't desperate , i would have waited until my next trip to tony roma's
did not come with adaptor .
. the picture started to mess up . great picture quality until day three of use . red grainy look to all pictures .
this has always been a fun game . i wanted to try it out so i got the free trial
this is a very basic and simple book . everything you need to know to start up ! good information and understandable .
didn't lose any weight with this product , kind of staying at a plateau
you can't go wrong with mr chow ! plenty of funny spots in this movie . alan is always funny . worth watching
i wish the dev would have added different levels or some kind of progression . game play itself is pretty good .
i have a hard time trying to figure out which control i should use and how much i should use
title meant to lure you in , but once there , take a nap . glad i just watchde it free on prime .
these shoes are very cute , but they run a little small . just a half size bigger would have been perfect
the password does not always work . you have to keep resetting it and my granddaughter takes up set over it .
they are okay guess i was thinking they would be better quality but one gets what they get i guess .
the watch itself is absolutely beautiful , but when it arrived it didn't work . waiting on another one !
it has possibilities and i would watch a few more but i'm not totally sold . writing i thought was weak .
it was slow to get started , but once you get to section it picks up and grabs your attention .
cool boots , but keep in mind sizes are usually size larger than regulas tenis shoes
it's okay it's like playing pool . i guess i just have to play more cause i'm not that into it
good ball but bad packaging
too many hours between mystery quests .
aside from some shrinkage after a couple of washes it's still a pretty good product . purchased in the light pink .
read the description carefully , i didn't realize the product has glitter . my fault .
these are ok , but dont hold a charge like a new phone .
this was a fairly depressing movie ! it was a combination of mad max and what the bible teaches about armageddon .
its okay i would recommend for another purchase , no problem so farproducts is in use great okay fun fact
broke weeks later worked good till then would buy anther one n be more carfull with the next one
it gets old real quick . you just run around smashing things and building things . woopee .
not a big green lantern fan but it was entertaining . kids loved it so for that it gets stars .
pictures could be more detailed but other than that , fun game . it's more or less quick thinking of common sayings
these slipper socks turned out to be useless for my mother . they are small , thin , and the non skid doesn't work .
i was hoping for recipes . ok read . most of this i knew . i need to review reviews better next time around .
battery does'nt stay charged . and when charging it keeps blinking . not happy with this purchase . would like to return for a replacement .
the action in this film is incredible and the acting skills by tobey maguire is excellent . nice writing and direction .
seem to block a lot of uv , but the frames are really flimsy and too small to wear over eyeglasses .
but if you have off road or aggressive tread tires on a truck or jeep they disintegrate during first use .
doesn't seem to work as well for me as it does for others .
i liked the free version and could not install the full version . too bad ! the immersion in visuals seems effective .
the information is ok . my issue is honestly just the quality of paper . its not for keeps all , almost disposable .
it's just ok . painted design is pretty sketchy , and it isn't nearly as nice as it appears in the photo .
ok
what does this book include that warrants a price tag of . ? any better then the others on the market ?
was expecting much more . hose tangles and is a pain to coil back up . i do like the aluminum fittings .
this wasn't some thing too good , acouple hot tracks , but most of it is garbage .
some surprising turns ! kept my interest but not as thrilling as some of baldacci's other books . definitely worth a read
haven't used it much . i don't like the idea of having to purchase hints .
fun story to read , but not a great story .
the hole punched option was a terrible idea ! i went and had it coil bound a fedex office for .
funny , enjoyed the new york scenery , this movie was reminscent ofthe late s early s womens movement .
this was decent light reading book for a vacation nothing too complicated yet enough going on to keep me interested
this was bought as a gift and i was told that they worked just ok . i was hoping for more .
this needs to be on a stretchy band of some sort as the clasp can't be done one handed . pretty though .
dear sir madam , the baby food maker was down now . i think there is one assembly is broken , could you post one to me ?
i didn't really love this book , but it is entertaining and it is very good if you are into mythology .
this item is for the fit and young . i was able to use this but , it made my knees hurt .
its ok . not all that fun . but it would definatly keep a young ones attention for an hour or two
this was supposedly a well rated dictionary . but rarely is the word there when i'm looking for a russian word .
. was way too short . would have been an awesome story if it had been way , way longer . but thank you anyway , it was cute
tight in the hips
i bought this from amazon last month for . , now the price is . . what an inflation !
buena muy entretenida y bien detallado , agradable y faci lectura la historia se desarrolla agradablemente el final es muy bonito
it is a pretty strange story , even by michael palin standards ! but i did find it to be entirely watchable .
price and availability made this a great purchase . book was in great shape and i used it extensively for class .
interesting but not useful to our particular culinary needs . recipes were okay but not exactly the best nutrition for us .
an enjoyable light read containing a nice romance , some historical and a good betrayal of social pedjustes of the time .
i loved the design and style , but way bigger than i thought it would be , just too big for me !
lids are not very goodplastic quality id not good . will not buy same in future .
it's ok better off having them painted it's a much better look . over all a good but but nothing special
to long and a bit contrived . reads like she wanted to make it much longer than it had to be .
strong . almost too strong . but if youngneed to freshen up a place fast , this will do it . worth the price .
its ok , because i thought that was in spanish too . but is not ! anyway , i really like the movie ! !
it met the need but no complaints . i wish it had fit my ipod mini , but will work for me .
was a tad bit disappointed in the curt clean up of the story . good book . glad i read it . thanks !
not nearly quality of ottercases . returned for an otter
i have used sister sky conditioner in hotels and it seemed a higher quality . i was disappointed in this product .
this app is pretty sweet could use a little work b ut other than that it is a good app .
i used the whole jar , didn't help my dog's . arthritis , but i know the enzymes were good for him , sorry .
not bad , don't have much to say , it a app the let you draw
ok for its purpose . i have nothing further to say but since there are require words . ok for its purpose
works somwhat
this book is nice because there's igloos , bears , ice . also , annie and jack saw a eskimos in the igloo .
great scent , but was a gel stick and my hubby prefers the solid . not sure the product tag mentioned that .
good but most of the time it beeps instead of playing your music and that beep is easily slept through !
no bad , no good . i recommend other options with better quality for the same or little higher price . thanks anyway
the battery life was too short . i would like to speak to some about it please . thank you very much
but not among the best . not enough action ie escapes , cons . it has an obvious sequel , which hopefully is better .
good . i like the product . good charger . good trailer . good . good . good . good . good . good . good . good . good . good . !
it is kind of flimsy , need to be very careful with it . when hanging , the hanger came out right away .
i got this , put them in the dishwasher and one of them cracked before it was used . not that good .
we have had several of these , they break after a few years . aside from that , it's a great product .
curling iron heats fast , but it takes smaller sections of hair because the barrel is short . it's all right , though .
it did take a couple of applications to get it right . but works as described
mindful is an interesting story . but i thought that it would have been longer . does this book have more chapters ?
dried out in ghe tube after three weeks i only used this item once and threw the tube away .
band to sm .
poor quality of wood , very soft . you have to be careful with set up . carving can split wood . sound is ok
it was an easy read but the book plot was not too exciting to me . not one i'd read twice .
i have to apply twice in a month . after couple of shampoo the color start fading . not to bad either .
i really hoped this bar agreed with me . its nutritional specs are great . but the soy really upset my digestion .
i bought the wrong size tire . i didn't know there were different size tires on weber grills . be aware !
but lacked the intensity of some other novels about the same period . elizabeth chadwick's series about william marshal , for instance .
usb plug easy to loss because of size
they are very cute on . they fit well and are comfortable for the price . they fit well around the ankle
this item is awkward to extend and retract . fiberglass construction a plus . came well packed and overalla good product
pretty , but bristles are too stiff .
too hard . no instruction booklet . what more do you want me to say ? why do you want more words ?
this book did enlighten me to a few new ideas . liked how easy and quick it was to read . thanks !
it is fine for the begginer i am . will probably upgrade once i get into it more .
comfortable , but not as thick a padding as i had hoped for .
the remote had a crack on the side and took over three weeks to get here but it works great
mm is not and th its and th . just thought everybody should know before they order it .
a bit bigger thicker than the original ear pads on my headset but they do the job . cant really complain .
of the three that i ordered , one did not work . the two that did , work well . would probably buy again .
i liked the point of view . a bit too many i s in the book .
i thought was funnier but this is still pretty good . except for august .
the mirrors were ok . i just thought they would be big enough to show a larger view of traffic behind me .
it doesn't have te ability to call , but i guess it will do when i need to talk to someone .
quality was good , movie wasn't as funny as i was told it would be . sound quality was good as well
good high quality small pump . no problem with kids bike tires . i would highly recommend this pump to my friends .
air do come out but only by the hose connection spot , of the area it's no air come out .
but , fabric is very thin you can almost see through it .
what did i expect ? it's just a spider man . i hope there is something else than the main story . nothing special .
perfect factory fit . too bad they rot off in two winters
didn't pay as much as in stores but it wasn't the right fit . does it's job and came on time .
not appropriate language for a yr old . looks appealing to a young person but not appropriate in my opinion .
was not what i expeceted , read book first , maybe that why it seem a little lack luster , book was o . k .
it's the first in the trilogy , but i really cannot understand why fifty shares has become such a cult classic .
great story line , love the characters but the ending fell short for me and the cursing was to in your face
it's a good workout just very very dry . i was just looking for something a little more fun with music .
this book is somewhat outdated , but the principles contained within still apply and are priceless !
not the best out there
it is fragile and i would not trust it to protect the phone in a fall , but it does fit .
loved these headphones until now the leatherette is pealing all off . come on sony , you can do better than this .
annoying book . glad i'm done with writing papers . it is helpful though , just annoying !
like it , but not the original and longer charge
i knew this boot isn't emu australia . however this boot is emu wool . boot's quality is good , but emu wool .
this book is goodnotas good as some i have read . i havemanybooks and read many especially my bible ? god bless
is a good products
smaller than it looked like online . it glows okay but not the most impressive thing i've purchased . x x z
characters not bad . different take on vampires . action good . story good . college life not my age group but good read .
this item seems to be a little bigger than the ones the military issued but the larger size is ok .
worms , pirates , more than fun than poodles . . out of
sole not as soft , thong is stiff . i wore with tabi to break in but still not what i'd hoped
at first these are really good , but after you're done eating them , it leaves a funny taste in your mouth .
this book is just fair . baldacci's older books are much better . i have read most , if not all of them
a good guide for the beginner . lots of good information and resources for someone just starting a new lifestyle change .
very general and no specific pointers . just a few words of encouragement . it's like an article or th grade essay .
what i received was missing a single bit , but it wasn't a size that i absolutely needed , so it's okay .
the taste is average it's a small container you put in tablespoons per serving ! expensive considering the taste bad value
not a gripper , but interesting as how the future may look . a slow read but interesting . need three more words .
this book was okay . i didn't find it gripping by any means . it is moderately interesting .
a quick , light , easy read . nothing earth shaking . just a sweet story . it will make you hungry . good read for foodies .
got it for my kids no trouble with it so far after about month .
book and disc were complete but book had been used with test answers circled and it was advertised as new .
it burns my skin when i sprayed it . so i don't use it , it was a waste of my money !
i have not used the protection plan yet , and hope i do not have to in the future . good price .
its ok but not what i thought it would be . a bit more difficult than i thought it would be .
a good movie for a fan of boris karloff and old time movies . light entertainment .
it felt to me that the author needs to put in more drama this was too simplistic and predictable .
it could have more pockets and be a little bit larger . and i like the way the chain is made .
my son chose this app since he loves the original game . he was not very impressed with this app however .
this movie could have been better . it was okay and i did get to see some action in this movie .
not up there with her best .
is a great movie for the to early teen age range . high school musical extended edition
i liked the back story with the gods and all , but could do with a better explanation of their world .
not sure what i am doing wrong . got this adapter and asus ac router , but no ac signal at adapter .
i liked is soft and pretty but made a little big for my taste wished it was a little smaller
for my pain this did no better than bio freeze or ben gay . not worth the extra time and expense .
it was ok , the movie was better .
pretty fun wish it would move a little faster between games but i enjoy playing it , helps me to relax
nice way to waste time . can play for minutes or hours . nice bright colors easy to play . good fun game
cool lighting , lasted about months in a sheltered outdoor area
only seemed moderately effective at reducing eliminating pain and swelling around my left knee cap joint . probably would not ever re order .
it is not disney authentic but kids can play anna with it .
i like it but it's too small . igot the largest size they had !
an okay book but too hard to make most of the changes required
i read this on an international flight it didn't help me sleep !
if you operational system is windows vista do not buy this book because you will not hear the spoken pronunciation .
exactly like the original oem cable . these cables are specific to the model , are quite fragile , and are not cheap .
solid , tight , rocking , well recorded by fine players but really its all been done before .
entertaining as it was , it was all a bit too neatly wrapped and some of the dialogue was unnatural . overall . worthwhile .
it was cool at first but it shorted out within months
it's okay for the price , but folding the cover in order to make it a stand doesn't always work well .
this did not feel like a die hard movies to mejust isn't up to the caliber of the series
its working as expected .
great for kids to learn something from prehistoric times . my kids really enjoyed this movie as a family . thumbs up !
good job except for the pictures
interesting in a historical sense , but somewhat repetitious . a bit drawn out . it could have had more action or drama .
considering the added weight there wasn't that much additional flying time but definitely a good addition to the flight box
it's just ok for a sudoku game ! it works , gets the job done ! so give it a whirl and see !
it is not minecrsct but at lise is something else . it is not minecract but at lise is something else .
front windows vents fits perfect but the back window vents were to large for the windows .
too many adjetives ! simple story but drawn out . a decent beachh book but too predictable . far from an original idea .
the sock itself is pretty good . the ice packs a bit difficult to insert .
regular gift card . no problem getting it , or activating it . i got it through email within minutes of buying it .
i like the bell , i really needed one but not sure the sticker i love my bike will last
broke right away
works but i had no need for it .
good read for older gun owners . good overall compared to newer versions .
i really enjoy doing the logo games but find myself using a lot of hints because they are quite hard .
not quite as comfortable as some i've tried on at stores locally . a little more snug than i would've liked .
the shorts are shorter than they appear in the picture , i would recommend buying a size up .
really poor quality its that the job ok for now any way i can get a new one soon ! lol
could not watch it , buffering every seconds . switched to netflix and had no problems . the same problem all day .
best relation with chuan tzu , to be deeped and read more .
lamp was easy to assemble . built well . wish the light was brighter however but it works fine for my purposes .
as somebody said the wiggle eyes are not perfect . what you pay is what you get . but looks nice . i like it
good product . it was bought as a gift but the recipient seems to be happy and putting in work son .
the hooks are too narrow to sit correctly on the grab bars in my murano so the rod pops off .
the med was too small and the large was too big . did not work for me .
it's ok but i found out i can buy a gallon of rv pool antifreeze at any walmart for . oops .
since when does a nubile young woman with her thoughts and past performs in such a manner as this book ?
these sandals are very pretty but there isn't much room in the toe area , pinches your feet .
i found this item to be too big and take up too much counter space so ended up returning it .
i try to read as much king as i can this is right in line can't get enough thank you
lots of music . very good . added to collection
there are some beautiful pictures in this book , but not enough of a story to keep my little guy interested .
on battery at least , its way underpowered . great if youre less than feet away otherwise its not much use . n .
interesting book on the fall of abn . it was a bit long winded and written in a very dutch manner .
it's blacked out , the character's i mean . otherwise it's pretty good with the story . i just can't play without the picture .
they look just like the picture , but they slide down a lot and they're kind of see through .
nice quality for price was expecting tote to be used for daily use more the size of an overnight bag
it's great . thanks for making me write this stupid review before being able to read my assignments . i enjoyed it .
items to find are very hard to distinguish from background . instructions not very clear , at least , are hard to find . jolie
easy to follow recipes if you have all the ingredients and don't have to go to the store , tasty recipes
this story is pleasant , interesting , a bit predictable , enjoyable . i would have liked for it to move a little faster .
i was expecting something different but it was good movie i do recommend this movie many can relate to this
the doll was a gift for my great niece . she seemed to love it .
this rice is healthy and pretty good tasting . a deal for the money . uses a lot of water to cook
nice gloves , but i tend to get really cold hands and i think a liner would be good with these .
these dresses are running really small . the xx large is still running really small for xx large dress
todavia estoy esperando el producto , realice dos pedidos que nunca me llegaron y no se donde reclamarlos , obviamente estan pagos .
this is a good book , but other books by reid are more informative .
it was o . k . , but not wonderful . i am anxious , however to see the movie . perhaps i will like it better .
this case actually looks better online than it does in person . however it is still a cute case .
blouse was okay , didn't look as sexy as picture .
lots smaller than i thought it would be don , t know how it wiil work until i try it will see
little disappointed . it was bent and a little tarnished . almost looked used .
fun little freebie to start a series .
i think the shoes will be very comfortable once correct size received . i hope a fits mug and comfortable .
cute as a conversation starter with your kid . communication with children and adults is key to a healthy relationship . thanks
i bought these for my son ! they were very long and they look a bit girlie ! however they are durable !
display resolution could be better and there is no led light to function as flash for photo's when needed . it's working .
just stars
i am still learning to handle it , but it seems a little flimsy for the money spent !
i cannot really tell any difference and it is exspensive . i really like the strivectin tl tightening face serum much better .
it was ok i am not reccomending it to friends . i love the author but the acting was only fair
you get what you pay for . some worked better than others and even the best ones didn't work that great .
it was short and sweet ! i didn't see the end coming in this one it was unbelievable to me , really .
like the art . ok for fun .
for my wife and while used at first not any more . change in taste ?
just louder than the speaker of cellphone . if you want to enjoy the music , choose the bose or better one .
kids like it . i'm from the south , so its not my style .
my hair is stick straight and though the iron curls it doesn't stay ! decent for the price for sure ! hot
it was an ok movie , worth watching at least one timegreat concept , good acting , but not the greatest special affect .
bourn legacylots of action , very little plot story line , predictable . good photography . movie much better without matt damon . wouldn't recommend .
it is an amusing concept but didn't really hold my interest to play it more than a time or two .
they are not bad for the price . comfortable , cheap . can't ask for more . but you get what you pay for
it doesn't put out enough water to suit me might do better on a larger hose , ok for washing cars .
its ok its a little confusing at first . but you get used to it and figure out how it works .
it looks okay but the quality not so good zippers on the sides are sharp it would scratch your hands .
was ok , funny seemed historically accurate but just didn't have enough pazzaz . seemed like some over acting on the drunk scenes .
nice and warm but i don't like the material and expensive . the packing was not good enough . i do not recomand .
its either not shocking enough for my dog to stop barking or it simply doesnt work for both my dogs
not bad , but i inadvertently ordered this brand instead of sweetleaf orange flavor . sweetleaf is just a little more flavorful .
heavy on the atmosphere . genre rich . haunting vocals . not accessible to all listeners , but worth exploring just for the experience .
came with dead battery . took a bit to figure out how to get music loaded . after that it worked fine .
although mellowing out considerably on its second side , quartet remains one of hancock's stronger traditional post bop offerings .
very fast . sporadic and large . this is not a small toy .
decent show acting is just ok ? and premise seems a little strange could go in any direction ! !
the material , shape and price are good but the hem could have been done better . it cheapens the entire look .
this book is okay but he's continuously leaving stuff out and trying to get you to by his other books .
they are a little on the dry side , both the pretzel and the caramel . although , the chocolate is pretty good .
the butterfly on his head was broken
i ordered the bright colored dish set as the picture showed . i received the pastel set . the listing is incorrect .
they are wonderful !
only problem was that one of the bulbs was dead !
mu fingers don't work very well . i couldn't get it straight on my phone . i sure that it works fine .
pretty slow and i didn't think all that funny . i was looking for stand up comedy not a round table forum
cute , but it started coming off about months after i put it on but only the tail bit though
it was a good story , felt that james and lydia were easy to picture , could predict the twist early on .
typical well written short history story unlike most modern rubbish . apart from agatha raising , hamish mcbeth type of mystery tales .
i was expecting a movie but it turned out to be a one person narrative . i much preferred blackkhawk down .
certainly a different twist ! funny
the dress was beautiful , but i found that it was not true to size and unfortunately had to return it .
great as a clit stimulator , but as g spot stimulation , it sucks . way to soft and do not hit the spot .
i have wanted this blanket for my friend for a long time i was very pleased y'all had one left
this tool arrived extremely dull . it would have been great if sharpened , but i have no way of doing that .
cute
since i gave it as a wedding gift i have no way to rate it .
did not know it was recycled , would not have purchased . would like hp xl new . i will not order again .
supensful
the song you are thinking of is right now by sr . its not on the soundtrack !
in spite of some useful information just not enough to use for growth or change . approach not helpful to me
wasn't expecting something quite so flimsy for . but it's serving it's intended purpose . color is very pretty though .
i like the books . but really the dialogue and pacing were dull . that's all i have to say . word word
i lost the bow in weeks . i ahte the fact that the bow is so easy to take off
a year old forrest gump reflects on his outrageous past , all while out running the law . an ok story .
does what is says . good for bringing air into a small room . cord is heavy duty and it is pretty quiet .
nice
i really like this book thank you for making such a good book can t wait to read the next book
kind of small for me im tall and have bigger hands this is so teeny weeny lol
i like it but its too thin as a ring . if it has a thicker body it would be really great .
i thought this movie did a great job showing the value of sisterhood and your nearest and dearest friends .
nice play tog but could not figure out how to put treat in .
the game can be played without the kit . it's a great game , but the kit tends to be cumbersome .
gracias por su env iacute o , como siempre . a uacute n no leo el libro , peroespero que resulte interesante .
product is generally well made , but disappointing that the cover is too big for the tube itself . very loose fitting .
i really do not like the new movies they are making for star trek . took busy and too noisy for me .
meh if you wanting something nice get something different this works fine though . i wouldn't count on it .
there was a printing error in the middle months , they were covered with blue ink . other than that , it's fine .
great price for screen covers , however they didn't fit my genric tablet
i like dennis , but i found it a little to techno for my taste . thus the name trionisphere .
kinda cheap but looks cute
it was just ok ! the strap it really cheap looking so i removed it . it's cute but a little small .
kinda small on the kindle fire . inchstill i like it ! good fin in the dr's waiting room , worth the try
this was a quick read , no real depth . predictable . creepy story . i liked the use of the rain in the end .
the chair is nice for the money , but the distance between the seat and kneeler can't be changed .
nice book . kind of boring . need it for class ! it was not that intersting . the online movie is much better
quality of material was subpar . after one use stiching started to come undone . it seemed smaller than i expected . disappointed .
the mirror is tiny . i know the demensions were given but i didn't realize that the mirror was this small .
want this review deleted . why doesn't amazon have a delete button ? good question . so they get something like this . irritating .
sometimes these work , other times the printer doesn't like them . i will look for another brand that is more consistent .
the watch is all silver and does not have any rose tone like the picture looks like
they come unscrewed easily and head to put back together . but i like the colors when i write worn them
not for me . none of my friends play . doesn't keep me entertained . i wouldn't recommend it to anyone to play
the fabric is soft and pretty , comfortable to wear but the only thing is the color is alittle too bright
book is rather elementary but has useful information for one desiring to better understand high voltage measurement techniques .
wish she stayed with nightwish , where she was great . now shes going down hill . fast
worth seeing for bruce dern's acting . think i'll watch it again to see if i've missedwhatever made it oscar worthy .
when you sweat its easily fogs the goggles . i love the fit and the look though . great price point also
this shirt looks cheap and worn already out of the package . it is also much shorter than today's fashion shirts .
its a nice album i think its a little bazaar but they call it horror core its coo alitte different
win average ok , easy to see , colorful , good to use while waiting in line in our busy lives . stress relief
this book is awesome ! i rate this book because it's delicious ! thank you ! i hope you'll write more books
its an okay product that fits well . doesn't prevent damage from a fall though and th green gets dirty fast .
for cd's and a workbook , it is overpriced . it is of good quality though .
doodle jump is a little old know all you do is jump around and dodge monsters and fall that's it .
it's a good read but just not my reading level . i can definitely understand why a teen would like it .
not totally happy . the paper cover of this hard cover book was torn , due to poor packaging
i love ghadda samman but this book irritated me so much . started on the wrong side messy has a lot of spelling errors
well written with a few twists and turns . plot was deep enough to keep my interest .
like others i thought i might learn something new from this book . but , it is filled with only basic information .
i really liked them . it was the perfect gift . my only problem is that they do seem a little breakable .
doesnt work all that good . the right stick doesn't work right .
i'm a action movie fan . premis good , but holes in plot . action sequences i truly enjoyed . no sequel needed . thanks
a solid album , including perhaps their most famous single , quot signs quot . but if you want their best , buy their self titled album .
the light flickers on and off . otherwise , stylish and good . it should have a lager storage capacity for lesser refills .
nice pillow and the quality is fine but the color was more turquoise than the blue i was hoping for .
first bottle . will let you know on next review if we purchase another bottle .
it's good for the price . it's work well for a new look for your phone and it propects it well .
i guess i got what i paid for . they were thin but i used them all with no major calamities .
i love the case . i got it in black . pro'sfits perfectlycon'sslap band is a little too tighti love it though !
i took a bit of a struggle to finish this book . am not sure why . it just didn't grab me .
wish i could give this a thumbs up , but several of the compartments open spontaneously , dropping contents all over purse
i thought it would be fluffy and soft but it is flat and rough . i'm very dissappointed with this purchase .
it was ok kind of cheesyi would reread it if i could . nice writing and i liked the characters
it worked ok for a few months then the wire just broke off at where you plug to the laptop .
great additional stories , finally we know how arriane got her scar and have a look on mile and shelby's trip .
it takes longer time to melt the crayon than the timer says but the kids still have fun with it
despite indicating that this unlocked , not this and had to pay nine dollars extra to buy a unlock code .
falls off in the wind . if you secure it very tight , and tuck it under the tires , it will stay on .
i have seen tom cruise in much better movies . the story line logically did not make sense . somewhat action packed .
this is a movies to watch if nothing else is on . it is not a bad movie nor great movie .
it looked like it would be a perfect fit for my new asus , but it isn't so i am disappointed .
a little stiff as a pocketbook . very fashionable with a little bling on it . not what i expected though . thanks
digital copy is ultra violet . wish it was a regular digital copy that would download to ipad , iphone , or ipod .
in short , nice little stories but lacked the poignancy of the bard .
they look really nice in the car and make it look very sexy ! they'll help protect the floor from damage !
its a fun starter toy for your young explorers . i would order another for other little explorers in my family .
my son really loved this gift . he couldn't wait to get it out and play with it . enjoyed this one .
i was expecting more figure bottoms on it . out of just like are figures . some not that nice .
the gold part on mine wasn't even by the edge of the gauge , it was like more towards the middle .
you pay a good bit for this compared to similar products . you can probably do better at the big chains .
cute earmuffs . cubs' bullseye logo is only on one muff . perfect for vincent van gogh and other solo earred people .
you know it works with windows but not with windows kind of frustrating to not have something work
i like the turner part , however , the diameter of the handle is to small so it isn't easy to hold .
i loved the watch but was not happy when the battery died w i months !
would have liked more bass but its ok for the price . easy set up and looks nice with our tv .
gave it to my niece years old she wasn't too crazy about it . more geared toward a younger child .
it was not one that i would recommend due to the language and the sexual nature . a rather shallow book
it's a fun game but it's not as fun as playing with real people and it can be very challenging
haven't used it that much to rate it . only had it for a month or so , will rate later ok
its an okay knife
it is a nice set but it's not worth the price . wal mart sells it for less the half the price .
just ok
gets hot and always smells of burning dust . does the job well enough .
good book ! kept you intrigued throughout ! could've done without the f word in there . overall i would recommend it to friends .
seems to have a very orange tinge to it .
for price can't beat it . good for first dress watch for young . leather band gives it away as cheap .
my set was missing one ring for my standard size shower curtain . super weird . other than that , they were fine .
i'd recommend the del close book if you want a good read on improv . this is for kids
the drawers were not sliding smoothly . very frustrating . i had to readjust on of the slider but it still didnt work .
considering the price , it is not bad . it came from china . elastic waist is a bit small . it is fine .
i thought these would have plastic backing to prevent drool from absorbing into clothes . not the case .
not baf but dont pay for it not worth it . you can get the same thng free if you feally look
i would have liked it more had i been a woman .
if your stomach is not flat or nearly flat , this absolutely gorgeous to look at dress is not for you !
not true to size runs very large . order smaller than usual or keep looking . ok for short term use .
the book came on time . thank you
i ready did a review . i like it that was it
repetitious wordiness and a slow moving story line detract from the interesting detail of the tumultuous events covered by this novel .
it didn't really keep the heat very well
these are very crunchy and small pressure it brake them like glass , recommend using safety glasses during work with .
bad set of pixels in center of screen
this book is fine if you want an abridged version with commentary providing historical background . it is aimed at students .
for those of you that want to delve a little more deeply than watching weekly psychic shows read and enjoy .
i can only download song , then it crashes ! but i can always remove from device then reinstall . its ok .
not that it matered that much to me , but the screwdriver that accompanied the battery was useless . battery works fine . domenico .
i like it comfortable but not for really cold weather . comfortable but not for really cold weather .
a lot of the information is outdated or wrong . these are just basic facts about them . try their kissing techniques !
nasty taste , couldn't drink it
why can't i just rate a product with stars ? what does amazon torture me so ? woah is me forever tormented .
love that its light and airy . it does fit a little large . received item within the time expected . thank you
not a best seller but enough to keep your interest . definitely needs better editing . why all bad spelling ? dejacobs live . comeleanor jacobs
it's okay nothing amazing .
it wasn't exactly what i wanted , but i kept it .
slightly predictable and very wordy , and very long . still enjoyable to read what is happening in lynley's and barbara's lives .
romantic and wonderful , sultry hot latin lovers music .
even though it was new in the package the battery life still only last no more than day and half
if you are writing a book on now to read and understand chinese , you don't write the book in chinese ,
it's a good buy bought it for my husband and it's exactly what we were looking for . we recommend it .
i really liked the hat . it was made nicely . it looks so adorable on my eight month old baby girl .
the gloves fit well and were the perfect length for our theatrical production . they were much darker than i expected .
it's ok for what you pay for it , its cheap and kind of flimsy to . but to each it's on .
gloves are ok finger liner has already separated and the gloves will turn your hands blue if your hands sweat .
i bought this to hold our living room remotes . it works for this purpose but not as nice as pictured .
if you don't expect anything more than shooting and babes barely dressd , you'll enjoy this one .
not one of the best books i've read , but certainly not the worst . book moved too slow for my taste
it was not full screen and you couldn't get it to full screen . made game hard to see hidden objects .
it's ok for the price given , it works well with my nexus tablet , i can not complait about it
the bass drum was ripped . couldn't return and get new one by christmas . doubt my kid noticed but we did !
the recipes seem interesting but there are only ? otherwise may try some of them . red velvet pancake sounded yummy !
her honor's bodyguard has good storyline but the spelling and grammatical errors made this book extremely hard to get through .
although the ink cartridges perform as advertised i feel they don't last long enough for the high price .
some of the glosses are quite small . i was hoping there were more glosses to go along with the sentences .
crap crap crappy crap crapc qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm jdjsjejsjsnbdhfbd d . as . did d s s s . w dr . black do iiiinotchby
didnt do what i thought , but maybe im not doing it right , i dont know ! dont know if ill buy again , fast shipping though
after a few days laying on the deck , and a few rain showers , paint started coming off the black pentagons .
straps don't stay up otherwise soft and spongy and comfortable !
good story line , but excessive technical information .
cute sandal with slightly large foot bed about size up . i ordered a but it fit like a .
the book was well written . it kept my interest , but somewhat depressing . not a great book to read on vacation .
i believe the game should me more set up like donkey kong of super nintendo than confusing players !
it was an okay read . probably wouldn't read it again . a bit too cheesy for me . everything happened too easily .
you need to aim the remote directly towards it .
disappointed . did not cool like i wanted it to .
i liked this , but way too short . this is well written , makes one feel as if it were happening . nice .
it is fine but it is cheap quality but then again it didn't cost much so i am satisfied .
cd sound not so good . love the big letters . great for an alarm clock
i love warm , spiced cider , but this is a little too sweet for my tastes . my kids like it , though .
it was entertaining , but left me hanging . not one of my top picks . wife did nit like this one . next
good but not what i had expected . also own a ps which blows xbox one away in almost every category .
it was a cute little story .
hard plastic , cracked the st week , but still stays on and works . i suppose it protected the phone still !
i will let you know about it after i finish watching it . thanks ! god bless you ! have a great daygeorges
was still tight and husband is usually a x
easy to operate but did not find many stations that either i listened to or played genre playlist that i enjoyed .
this app is okay to use to look at feed and follow people but your not able to download pictures
not impressed with the quality of this case and i would question if it is even a lifeproof case . buyer beware !
this book was okay , but i've read far better ones . books like twilight are what i call really good books .
worked fine when got , now experiencing freeze up and slow downloads . seems like some programs are overpriced .
this was a gift and it fit ok don't know if it going to be used all the time thanks
it does the job and that about it . don't expect this to be a littman , because it ain't . nuff said .
that you have to wait minutes for this to soak in and then you have to wash it off .
great for the price when you need it most or when elec . is not availble you need to buy this
replaced a worn out screw that would not retract from corks after bottle was opened . this replacement works as advertised .
i thought this was a pretty movie , have liked all the texas chainsaw movies , i hope they make another one !
this book had some good tongue twisters . some i can't even say because they twisted my tongue !
a good product . it's okay . as i expected . does exactly what it should do a battery keep the notebook connected .
i love the playstation but not for dollars sorry . stop stealing my playstations ! you silly silly people who resell
it suites the case . not much to right home about .
the inside isn't as big as you think . plus it's pretty heavy . seems solid so i think it's a good buy
interesting but not laugh out louis i was hoping . a light read but not hilarious as i had hoped . ok
okay to pass the time but hard to figure out how some of the words go together on my kindle .
i didn't even receive the fan back style of these cards . but that's fine , i guess .
i have not gotten my dress ! and it was supose to come on the sixteenth of september ! i need it
but she managed to destroy it over time . it did last longer than majority doggy toys that we have brought .
it's cute at first , but then the studs come off pretty easily . the case honestly lasts for about months .
the flax granola is better . this is kind of mixed in flavor . didn't like it so much
alittle smaller than expected but it is fine for the price . like the colors too it will work out fine
this case did not come with a hand strap very disappointing was thinking about sending it back but kept it
the title is very much misleading . although a decent read , you are left dissatisfied .
need more free points per day they run out quickly . more free points might entice me to purchase more points .
the first few chapters were hard to get into but got better as i read .
it's not too bad if you like women portrayed as bimbos with doofas boy friends and hapless gangsters .
camera fits really tight , sz . no room for additional battery pack . but , is a nice case . four more words required ?
i was somewhat disappointed in this book as it did not deliver what was promised in reviews of this book .
does not give enough information .
attaches nicely to the vent . does not hold my iphone very well with the audio jack in the bottom .
keep rocking with this one . add it to a already large collection . bring back the old days of stoning around .
very good workout , but it can not work longer than min on highest resistance comming to no resistance at all .
this game is fun , but it is hard . you must buy hints , but overall this is a fun family game !
the rice balls were okay , a little hard and i was required me to break them up for my dogs .
did not come back this year
these are nice enough but tiny is an understatement . these would be great for a child , not sure about an adult .
very light and predictableas mentioned plot is thin and very predictable as you get into the stories episodes
rendezvous was a decent and easy military action read . i like nelson demille and this was average for his work .
too little about a war dog . not interested in this particular kind of story , although , the story , itself , is good .
only one of the knobs works on the heater controls . i have no clue what the other ones go to .
only thing good abou this documentary was the voice of rod serling . other than that i found the film dated .
gift .
the silver around the broken glass which gives a sparkle effect is chipping . i should have done without this piece .
the unit is ok but it dontstay charged long enough so i keep it on charge . love the new sound
it's ok , it works
very difficult to put on walker
bought this as a b day present for dh . it was less expensive than at cosco . appears to work well .
no sound its works opens and all but no beep it says beep but it don't it don't beep bye
this jacket is constantly loosing feathers , may need to return it some places there are no feathers left . super disappointed
when making toast , turning the knob is sometime difficult for an older person . wish i would have purchased a different model .
book was dated dated not exactly what i expected thank you very muchhappy holidays
i have to rate or quit . so far i like the game but have to play more to find out
flaws no eject button and no led light other then that awsome
nice to have a happy ending .
good game easy to pass but i cant run worth crap nd it crashes on me sometimes on kindle fire
good knife but the screw always gets loose after a while . so keep that in mind when you buy this .
get sizes bigger
i'm not sure how long it will last , but it serves it's purpose , and it took forever to get here
faded fast worn fast good price for a cheep product i recomend this for delicate uses not in direct sunlight
works most of the time .
wasn't the funny that i was expecting . my husband and i were disappointed . now white chicks was a funny movie .
they were ok . i wear them all day . like the color . somewhat comfy , wash well . i won't be buying more .
i enjoyed it , even though it seemed mindless . helped me relax . recommended for children and easy go ers . not novelists especially .
not very impressive and would not fit properly and stay adhered to the tooth . would not recommend because of flaws .
i don't think that these beads are real turquoise , but the necklace is pretty . it is a bit disappointing however .
just found the content tracks to be disappointing . i probably should have been more careful in reading the product description .
it did not fit with the case on , bummer . you should double check case compatibility before you buy this product .
left side dead on arrival . replacement satisfactory . main drawbacks are the narrow viewing angle and the reflectivity of the screen .
the book is better tom cruise just okay as jack . i am glad i didn't pay movie prices for it .
wish the actor actor had turned out to be her father . and stunt double his nephews dad . possible sequel . dibs !
predictable story with very clumsy dialogue and characters . really nothing special although not terrible . i won't be reading this again
patterson's books are always a good read . his short chapters keep the story line moving without losing the readers interest .
this shirt fits pretty darn tightly . i wear it as an undershirt , it's too sheer for me to wear alone
it held my interest but the story line was too predictable . so surprises
it was good a great dvd with to legends of mma great thing to own if like chuck or tito
evidently my taste buds do not go along with montova's . i really thought that it would have more garlic flavor .
this ring was much , much thinner than i thought it was going to be and runs small . it's just okay .
the kurti was small and i wish it would have been of better quality . one wash and it will shrink .
just needed for kit
it's not all that i thought it would be , butit works great and was really cheap !
i play every now and then . my husband loves checkers fee plays for hours
limited on putting on but works you have to make sure wheel in in right position to place lock on
if you enjoy politics and philosophical exploration of the issues of the day you will swallow this novel whole .
the product seems to work well , the only negative is the feel and the slightly higher than nuetral odor .
decent shoes for chillin
it is good but i am talking it in short spots . it depends on the individual ability for complex thoughts .
works just okay . there is a low level hum introduced by it .
durable , perfect and not too bulky . i have small wrists and most watches dont fit well but this one does .
good game . typical glu business model , tho . get in cheap , get hosed later with in game purchasing . pretty fun and challenging .
the was not a good story agood story because i knew the ehding too soon and it was too slow
bleak , but satisfying , i enjoyed this skewed family story , though the cover seems completely unrelated , and that always bugs me !
the snowflake floating candles were okay , they burned for about hours . very difficult to relight if they got wet .
if i had to see the term girly parts one more time . really , get a thesaurus ! ok story , disjointed , predictable .
a few hits , random album tracks stick with 's ultimate manilow instead .
classic movie from my childhood . mel brooks at his best
not the promise that i expected
i like the outfit . it's cute . but it was a lurge tends to be really snugged .
it was an alright book , but i read it all the way through but i couldn't really get into it .
they did not stick very well so had to be ironed and glued also .
very nice for decoration in my kitchen . however , the dispenser feels a little delicate to actually put in to use .
nice short story . really liked it . free book worth the read . easy reading for anyone . very good story for anyone
it was cute . funny and a good read . kids love it and it was worth getting i do reccomend it .
generic
much smaller that you would think in person . if it was larger it would be perfect .
it came broken but i fixed it ! it's super cute
the cd is okay . she has a beautiful voice but i wish they had chosen better music to showcase it .
fine not good not bad . right in the middle of most of the keuring shaped coffee i have tried .
it was onteresting and informative . good research was done for this book . author went through many things to make this real .
they need to make a better onehdhdhdhdhdhdhdx hands d d d d d d d d d d d
the sheet is great . unfortunately i found it priced at half of what i paid at a pyrex outlet store .
i placed the order of the size months , months received , the disguise is useless for this reason .
it's ok for when there is nothing better to watch . acting is ok for what the actors had to show .
the bolts and nuts is not included . that is special part . this item is no good for me .
smell great and while not as effective as traditional repellants , helped repel mosquitos .
same as the black don't last
basically good starter set . spills quite easily while pouring . i expected something more dazzling but it's good for entertaining guests .
ok more of a comic book style , not cartoon
this is a good chick lit , even though the outcome is fairly predictable . will definitely read more of nana malone .
nice continuance to mr . penumbra's hour bookstore , but not as well written .
i liked girls first season . second season was ok . seemed to get a bit predictable and some episodes were annoying .
short was too big
it is a quality original product . best option for the bb bold . love the ease of use and quality .
the message was interesting but revealing it boring , ah , men can't live with them and thinking can live without them .
product looks better in the picture than in person . this table runner also looks cheap , but it isn't too bad .
bought on super clearance . tasted a little stale , so i guess i got what i paid for . okay .
gets the job done and very well priced . nothing special , but it will work for us . would prefer something more substantial .
this was an ok book star , nothing to get as excited about as the other reviewers did .
not quite as inclusive and artistic as i had expected . perhaps it reflects the pines differently than i remember them .
they still let some spray through and even though it didn't stain the appearance until she showered was not appealing .
has everything i need but tools are a little flimsy . some may not last through the season .
i thought this would a little larger in size , but they work alright for accents in a toy story bathroom .
decent but they start to smell really bad in work boots . good cushion and arch support , but could be better .
really enjoyed this . would recommend it to all who want to continue the epic tragedy of the halocaust . very well written !
i really liked this game because i am a huge movie buff but if your not then don't buy it .
what can i say , it does the job and is ok . it covers and protects the kindle fire from damage
hard to actully color for both my kids and me when showing them how to use it . it's just okay
fun shooter game . the addition of moral choices was a good twist . great graphics and i hate the big boss !
was a little disappointed that it linked a couple of times .
an good read , but not as fast moving as bitten and stolen .
i like . i just don't like when you kill her . she looks like she has a penis . i like her big boobs .
this didn't last very long . it fell apart within months .
does what it is intended to do without issue , well made and it seems it will last . color selection works .
ok .
two of them came broken , but didn't expect much . cute though .
it was ok for awhile then all the stones started falling off . i was disappointed in this product and quality
works okay , short focal length , hard to get through degree elbows in . inch pipe .
i deleted another solitaire app because it had single ads . this app has the same ads . that is very disappointing .
thank u it was good i had trouble at first ordering but at the end turned out great .
a bit slow , but typical . i always enjoy louis's books . easy reading . very descriptive of the desert and it's many issues .
verbose
it was interesting but i think his other books were better
the laser would not adjust far enough to get on target when mounted on my lower quadrail of an ar
this case is fine , looks close to the picture . it can be a little wider to cover more of the front .
its ok
short but sweet . a cute , quick read . would recommend for those of us who love the victorian era . i sure do .
this looks fun . i got it for my year old nephew . and he loves it . he loves watching this car race .
these aren't as good as the old design , although they look cooler . the wine leaks out if the bottle tips .
it was ok .
causes a slow charging rate , when compared to the cable provided by the manufacturer . everything else is working as expected .
easy read . little ridiculous but funny . typical kinsella humor . it dragged out longer than it needed and a predictable ending .
this game was ok kept my attention played for hours fun to play nice colors i really enyoted this game
works ok for most of the usbs i have used , i try with some micro sd cards and works fine
pretty good
use it to jump a . l suburban . no issues . have owned over a year . prosworks as expectedconswhy so expensive ?
its a solid sturdy product , but its a tool box , not a trunk organizer , its quiet small , doesn't hold much .
i keep breaking these for some reason . not sure if it's cheap plastic or what .
it was easy to use somewhat challenging to figure out from instructions . but the equipment seemed to be decent enough
this came better than what i was expecting . and really good for what i need it .
this book was a little predictable and repetitive . girl was weak at times which i find annoying . an ok read .
was disappointed that the fit was not appropriate for a month old child . it was very d isproportionately short .
tibetan groovei really like the music , however i was waiting for more groove . another product misnamed !
very light , cheap metal that isn't terribly sturdy so i'm disappointed . it looks heavier and better quality in the picture .
it do turn on and off , however , the battery cover is very loss , it is very noizy when it operate .
i'd say about half the things i reference are in here still worth the purchase .
it's a spray bottle what are you expecting ? for the price it does what it's required to do nothing else .
the single tea cup rack was just as described . displays cup saucer to perfect advantage . glad i found it !
enough said . i have to lace down the entire boot just to put it on . but they are really cute .
i liked this story because it is part of the army beast series , but there was something missing , not enough about sable .
this filter works but doesnt last long it fills up w dust and dirt and cloggs the vaccum too pricy
not what i expected , but my daughter likes it . it' fun , but could be better !
i expected more from this item but not . it is look like cheap ring from open market . no real silver
i have a kindle fire and my son plays this game . but while he was flying his jet , it froze .
not the typical book i'd read , but it kept me interested and i liked it ! character s were very believable .
i purchased the original over a decade ago . wore it out ! this new purchase was a replacement for the original .
it looks good but i haven't even tried it yet i'm afraid to admit . i will try it soon .
it served my purpose . i'm going through a difficult time in my life and need to make some changes . good .
i think this is one the good jean claud movies but not good as previous movies .
this green tea is a little strong so i sweeten it with some honey . it's good tea though .
i started watching this and i'm not sure if it was too slow or i was too tired . i fell asleep .
does the job . wish they fit a little better . she always looks like she has droopy drawers .
its pretty and bold , the materials are nice , but its falling apart and have only used it for days
their version of a large is smaller than american sizes . looks cute on my friend though who luckily fit it !
i find this product handy and very useful . pitty that the battery dies very fast .
good piece kinda cheap though
looks great , but iphone doesn't respond quickly when touched with the ampen , which isn't good if you're playing a game
size is smaller than real size . shipped from asia . slow shipping .
how much can you really say about this item . as long as it works there is not much to say .
this book had some recipe that i like but i haven't try ut anyrecipes yet . it's good book overall .
i'm much interested to know francis better . the book cover good and not so good aspects of his fascinating personality .
i didn't realize it was a short film . i actually wanted more for how strange the story actually is .
to much like graphic novel . not enough development and too superficial . i would not recommend this to anyone over fifteen
overall , i like the case a lot . the only complaint i have is that the power standby button is very touchy .
this product works well on fairly new thinset , but wouldn't touch year old stuff .
male sm story . graphic descrption of torture and sex , some emotion . not bad
my granddaughter really liked it and we all loved the rainbow zippers . quality was very nice and size was also
seems like a good series and the characters are interesting .
its good overall , but the melon baller is rotating in the handle after a couple of uses .
works great , it holds without making your hair get hard . it stays put , even after a long day of work
its too soon to rate . will have to use it more . when used more i will be able to rate
i ordered the pet carpet fresh and was sent apple cinnimon carpet fresh . wish i had gotten what i ordered .
good neutral color , smaller than i envisioned . useful . nothing fancy . blends well with patio decor . good to use with matching planter .
mailed it back got a small and it fits fine i usually wear a medium . nice braided straps
very decent j lo with fat joe , and big pun not a bad joint but still i've heard better .
it's a narrower and thinner band than i thought it would be . still not bad for the price i paid .
who swallowed harold is a good book . i liked all the great and funny poems . it's a good book . really .
it's a very good product , i recommend for internet connections on pc's . it works very good and it receives
it keeps saying there is a update available but every time i try to update the game . nothing . nada ! feeling frustrated .
good little beach read . thought i knew who the perp was , so i was a little surprised at the ending .
we like this product mostly , but sometimes it feels really hot and burns when we use it .
this is a very cute tshirt but order a few sizes up or it will be difficult to get on .
looks durable and easy to use . but does not fold down as compact for storing in a small car trunk .
pretty plain but serves it purpose . you can see through the screen very clearly . was shipped in good shape though .
the manual is good to have , but lacks the level of detail that i would like .
the book only has a couple of songs that i enjoy playing and they are not challenging enough for me .
i ts an alright game nothing overly exhuberant to report . sometimes you het stuck on a level but then you prevail
this book does not have rationals for correct answers . other then that , it might be helpful is reviewing chapter material .
tastes good , a little pricey , not much for your money . i would recommend something with verified ingredients like cytosport products .
i enjoyed the depiction of cognitive decline and the mysteryi found the use of italics distractingoverall an enjoyable read
this book was recommended to me . i've only had timeto peruse it . seems effective at a glance . gives options
there is no personality in any of people . the plot didn't get any build up , it was just thrown in .
this product is more for show than for use . it is too small for the kids strangely large toothbrushes .
its ok ! nothing short of ok all music is starting to sound the same different beat same ole messages .
for the price this is nice . i wear it on my tops . the back fell off to soon . had to glue back on .
i haven't used these yet but based on the other reviews read here it will be a great purchase decision
not as good as part one . not sure if i will read part three . but i did love part one .
i received this in proper time , but it was to small . i returned the dress and recieved a promt credit .
smaller than i anticipated although served the purpose in our christmas play . looked appropriate in an yr old hand .
a silly comedy . but i wasn't expecting anything serious or deep thought . great to see a lot of different comedians .
chips easily . even with a top coat . easy to apply . extremely white .
functioned fine once we purchased the batteries for it . i think it would have better if the batteries were included .
i didn't think marshals investigated crime . guess they are replacing the cops . oh well fiction is fiction . like the service .
it rolls up and it bulges .
this is way too much magnification for us . otherwise is is a very nice looking item and works as advertised .
story was slow . not enough usual gadgets , cars . a lot different from the usual bond flicks . enjoyed watching daniel craig
the case didn't really fit my . inch tablet . but the keyboard works great ! i encourage all to buy it .
the sock fits a little tight . really tight around the top . very hot and burns my feet . not the greatest
a simple romance , easy to read but not very challenging . will interest some readers who just want an uncomplicated simple read .
laser attached to pistol would not fit . had to remove stitches to make it work correctly . still does not wok smoothly .
nice quick healthy love story . knew the girl would get the boy at the end . easy reading for all ages .
small stones to work with but nice little pocket size set . coloring is nice , not too pale for rose quartz .
a bit tedious and not much fun . save your , get a better game .
certainly not the best , but engaging , thoughtful and i will read the second in the series . worth a read folks .
did just an okay job at concealing light brown spots red marks . very difficult to get out of tube .
the book gave me information i have read before . the book was a fairly fast read . the information is helpful .
good in winter balls run out of bounce after or games
it work everywere
not the best movie for either of these wonderful actors . the bishop's wife was headsand tales above this one .
i am usually pleased with veratex products but this one looks as inexpensive as it was functional , not too harsh fabric .
somewhat warm . waterproof still need to see it . my gloves stayed wet . for a week after rain .
i was a bit disappointed to be honest . maybe older people would enjoy it , it's not my cup of tea . thank you anyway . rosie . g
i only received a very short version of this book hence the star review . i enjoyed what i received .
happy with the product but you get what you pay for batteries do not charge up to but work
visegrips and inserts work well . however , the snaps are not usable outdoors . the tools are worth the price though .
great book to understand there is help for teens with a healthy diet , vitamins and most of all natural hormones .
it was not as good as the first . i also had to pay for it . hoping for a better third .
will not let me see my album in kossuth county for sale group only individual pictures . more privacy would be good
wasn't to bad
this is quite an informative book . writer made it interesting and easy to understand about how to use a pendulum .
lost it's way in the middle , picked up and peaked my interest , but then i just wanted it to end .
i enjoyed the book but the fights between the characters were tiresome . more words required
i guess it will be just fine when i need it . got it for my bullet to be safe .
i use it cook . good for the skin . you can also drinking a tea spoon in the morning burns fat .
i bought these as accessories for my older phone that i had . they worked great when i had the phone .
it , s ok doesn't hide the white stained dried up bug spots like i really wanted
okay book , the build up was good on mystery . but the end was not that interesting . good one time read .
this performs its intended use . the key action is dull and heavy but for the price it is ok . average .
a little cheaply made but works
its okay . not very strong
a bit better then the stock chatterbox headset but definitely not worth the price of dollars that i paid .
this is a good cd , however a lot of the songs were never great hits for foreigner , but it is worth buying
terry blackstone is one of my favorite authors and she did not dissappoint me in this book .
this wasn't what i was expecting . the younger kids don't even play it anymore . not an interesting game at all .
fun book to read . interesting to learn about all that goes on behind the scenes and just who is involved !
this holster fits the bodyguard just fine , but i don't find it very comfortable sticking inside my pants belt .
im probably going with another brand next time as this taste too much like medicine . need something else to crave
there were a few cute spots in the movie but a little on the slow side . the concept was unbelievable .
it was okay . won't need to watch it again .
works as expected ! works just fine . fits my needs . . . . . . . . . . . .
ok
very useful for protecting the screen but makes the touch screen more difficult because of the increase of pressure required .
smaller and tighter than expected . looks ok . construction quality is good . however , would never be confused with an expensive sneaker .
it works with my st gen ipod touch , that's all that mattered to me .
nice pink color . protects banana . cheaper plastic that what is shown . for medium sized bananas . nice addition to lunch bag .
not the feel good type that i was looking for . some may like it , but not me .
the information in this book was well presented i appreciated tina's approach and i wasactually inspired take her advice .
it is a great phone ! although sometimes it works really slow , that is the only complain i have about it
ok for the price the red part came off
enjoyed this story . interesting look at the german feelings toward hitler , although fiction . and how some lives could change after .
good product . prompt delivery . very useful for the purpose it was intended for .
good movie not so funny
enjoyable read , nice , light and interesting ! i would reccomend for those into military sci fi ! i read it straight thru , fast !
great movie silly cheesy fun not the best movie by want stretch but good fun give it a try ok
very loud
freaky . enough said . very very freaky . and weird . so very weird and freaky . did i mention acid trip ? wow
i would like easier access to the lock button . otherwise isserves its purpose .
product works well and worth the money . my mistake was that i thought it was a trackball .
more than what we needed . ended up purchasing an electronic piano with advice from musician at church .
it goes on nicely , however with the long lock screw it blocks some of the arrow slots from being used .
baby dislike
this game sort of went down and the strategy guide didn't have much in it . it was pretty bad .
purchased these expecting a soft gel bumper type case but it was a solid plastic and not gel as advertised .
buy the terralux flashlight and get lumens . the most powerful aa flashlight on the market .
shoulder strap broke days after i got it . no tassels as in the picture , bag is smaller than pictured .
my dog liked it but i couldn't take the strong rubber smell even after i washed it in the dishwasher .
children's stories .
normai my size xlt size l want xl and come wery small . size small number big size want size small
for historical purposes it's great just wished jimmy valiant was on here instead of jerry .
how do u get past lvl ! ? ! ? ! its so annoying ! otherwise its a fun game . get it its very time wasting
his reference is to the second book . quot one quest , hold the dragons quot
possibly a good book for someone interested in lots of vegetables .
it had most of the songs i remembered when we were young . brings back memories of the good old times .
love the saying and picture but it faded pretty quickly and the picture is only seen on one side .
not at all happy with the smell so i will not order it again . otherwise seems like a good emollient .
too big but protect the phone !
its nice looking wish it had more protetion plasti falls off if u drop it more cilicone would be better
its interesting but leaves you wanting more from it the whole way
fun game but if you don't play it for a while the fish get frozen just the fish nothing else
it's a good case , and its hard cover which it great , but its one of the cases that come apart
the thing is to big and long for the pipe around . i have to drill hole and make it fit .
getting away from tough girl to momma's girl . lindsay always over blows her problems as do the other women . tiring
im happy for the price , the finish isnt all that great but for what its intended use it works .
it wasn't a bad story , but i did not like the illustrations . it kind of looks like an old nintendo game .
good book good recipes .
disc one skipped a lot have not yet seen any other of them .
after one washing , the fabric isn't that soft and the size is somewhat small . i'm going to try other panties .
it does work even when i do not have wifi internet connection on my kindle fire , so it is ok .
it was as pictured but my granddaughter does not like to wear it as it has a very small fit .
simple book but a good book . i would recommend to anyone wanting a good read for a weekend . yay
a fair reminder of what happened , but wasn't as in depth as i would have expected . merely a brief summary .
the item was too large was returned . the return was handled in a timely manner .
the color could be a little brighter .
i can see how it works for a barkeep , but for the average kitchen it's too much . very thick tho .
i ordered because i really liked the style , but when i wear them , they look to loose on my feet .
didnt work .
it isn't what i was expecting but i think it will be o . k . i will use it in my shop
martina mcbride is great , train gets tiring to watch prance across the set . martina blows him away , with her great voice .
have had some problems with tower that required technical fixes . working right now . wife uses it for online games . good speed .
. first time reading any books from this auther . not sure i liked the book that well . i will probably try another ?
did not come with mounting screws etc . fake wood of course but it is an ok center considering it hangs .
i would order if product page can be more specific about how many is included .
the item is good serves its purposeonly concern is the cradle is not secure
i thought it was bigger . doesn't have a temp regulator and it gets really hot . but does the work .
ok product great price will not use this for weight loss gave energy at first . ty
some possibilities for improving one s personal organization but limited and the book really only goes a ways and starts repeating .
this book kept me entertained and really makes you feel with god all things are possible . everyone must read it .
great , but i wish they had size available ? thent try would be perfect . very stylish and looks pretty good .
obe oe the bases is not working . how can i replace it . im in israel wont be in us this year .
bubbles would not work but my nephew loves to push it around anyways . the adults were more disappointed than him .
it took a decent amount of time to arrive but the headphones broke after like a month . honestly it's ok
predictable .
the change speechless album version this is a great resource for anyone studying this kind of material for liturgy
smells a little funny and seems very fragile . but the price was right .
quick shipment , nice condition , but fabric kinda loose so i had to put foam inside
i would recommend this book to people who understand old english and book readers . i didn't understandsome of it .
decent for the money . still on car a year later .
doesn't look real , but good for little ones that like to trick each other . also good stocking stuffers for christmas .
doesn't work with samsung galaxy note . i really wish is worked because it is built solid and looks really nice !
too long ! main character goes from avoiding being a hero to growing a pair . this change did not ring true .
good for landscape not for portrait orientation . good price but not very stable . usefull for standing without charging it .
it was a cute simple read . i enjoyed the series . i would recommend this to anyone looking for a summer read .
well written , but to long winded .
not that great . if i had to buy it i wouldn't . typical story . not for faint of heart . adult situation .
these books were okay . my month old did not seem very interested in them . i wouldn't buy them again .
i bought it for a christmas gift . don't know anything about it . the cover does not look very good for teenagers .
the alarm is a nice one but the sound of alarm is not very high to let me wake up
great female protagonist .
sadly the game exits when when i try to play one of the levels . it was fun until then
a very good tease
it works as advertised . there is no need to say more about the product . it works although expensive to purchase .
nor can you change the batteries . once the battery dies , you have to throw it out . waste of money imo
this knife is alright for minor work or hiking . great starter . its a must buy for beginers and collectors alike .
second one a little dented but fixable . looks good as long as your not close enough to see the dent .
it's a good moisturizer but not any better than other products that i have used .
trimmer edger work quite well . batteries are nice , could not snap into the mower , might have to return ?
very informative , appreciated the website and apps info . looking forward to putting the info to work . very easy to read and understand .
good but not my kind of book . i sort no know the story . a little bit boring . not my style
dries tooo fast when used exsternly , no taste which is a good thing , not sticky , not unhappy but
this game its ok , but its not my kind of game , it was hard to find how to play it !
some parts were slow but relaxing , however i enjoyed the book and will read the other books in the trilogy
the book was great . that is all i have to say . i would rate this book as a f
took a while to pick up but , got better . didn't think the ending flowed with the story line very well .
i used to like this a lot more . at least its better than a mark , a mission though
not bad it feels like rain jacket a little cheap but that what u get for that price still wearable
this is a silly app that i find entertaining . plus you can see the names of phobias that you have .
seems like it would be a good game but i'm stuck and no way to move on . any ideas ? ?
you have to get to close to object to see it clearly . but when you get really close it works .
i was disappointed , the apa was incompatible for ms word . it will work with ms .
my kids all love it , ages months years but i find it extremely annoying with the animal sounds
not the real thing . just ordered them until i could find real aviator glasses . not the greatest .
i could not learn to useand he is working on volts only that i have burned
the book was ok my child loves that she could learn about d but she said it could use pictures
the charger works fine . i just don't like the fact that the cord is a little on the short side .
a few large containers and lotsa small ones if that's what you're looking for , good quality at a fair price .
i was really excited about these boots , they fit my foot great size but i couldn't zip them up .
the app does not have many options . you can download your own files , but you can't fully manage your skydrive .
was disapointed not much nudity , mostly young men in their 's enjoying the privacy of a pool
cute , ok to watch if there's nothing else on . not as funny as other british spoofs , but enjoyable and original .
it is much cheaper than busying it from target or walmart . i really like it . it is a good lotion .
like style of the t shirt but the sizing is not right , need to buy a size larger than normal .
i enjoyed the story . it's a quick read . looking forward to reading the sequel . remy and brooke have great chemistry .
they are bigger than i expected .
typical college entry textbook with fairly straight forward lessons . goes hand in hand with the go series texts . thanks much .
the dvd stuck in the middle of the movie . overall it played well . it may just need to be cleaned .
the black part is just a sticker and started peeling in just a couple days
this is a work which i will read for my ucla class later . so , for now , i have no opinion .
not his best work but definitely worth reading . i enjoyed the reading about the relationship between the characters . nice story .
bought two one was broken when it showed up .
it is the best product they make . can be found everywhere . people complement the smell when i have it on .
i expected to find more projects for the price . although explanations are well and clear , there should be more projects .
i only listened to it once it's a christmas present for my two teens . it was ok .
this was easy reading , good character development and a decent amount of action . i liked this book . fun zombie book
tin case is very cheap and is dented and of the pens don't write and another one is broken .
this is a producers attempt at creating a pop nancy wilson album . she sounds great . too bad about the material
front screen has started to haze over , otherwise phone has met expectations .
it was not exactly what i was looking for , but it would make a nice gift for a new household .
ok does what it is supposed to .
ok for the bigfoot obsessed . my wife loved this a lot more than i didgreat entertainment for the dreamers
the product arrived quickly . it's too soon to know if it is helping the growth of my lashes .
i found this on clearance at wal mart for . i hope it works .
hard to drink without dripping down your chin
i would like for the ending to leave you encouraged that it will be a happy outcome . just too depressing .
interesting true story of a young italian girls struggle to survive german occupation . it is just that and no more .
story came to a end to fast didn't appear to be written to its full potential could have been bettter
so cute ! i love that it's not a snap on plastic case , because i'm clumsy and my phone would break
great to play on my break or waiting for a appointment or even before bed to unwind . i'm very addicted
ah , these are stiff and not so comfortable . the all cloth are better , looks like i'm wearing boots , don't like
very satisfied . excellent very good quality good option for the price and recommend . muybuen buy quality , excellent buenos
the leash didn't stay attached . it's a lens cap though , it works . you can re attach the leash if need be ,
a bit tight
hd quality is poor . i viewed some episodes when the series was on television and the hd was far superior .
the color was to light . they worked great .
this dvd was good not great enjoyed music but not a home run
next time i will buy a bigger size cause of the style and shape butt those items are completelly wearable .
very undersized , and lightweight . we used as burp rags . they are colorful and match the nursery . cute , didn't wash well . ok
a rambling and unconnected story about a bunch of bandsmusic was good , but production not so great . thanks guys !
the scarfs are just okay . the material is very scratchy . for that reason i would not recommend this to a friend .
probably a philosophy worth following even serious jui jitsu proponents could take something from this book . i enjoyed the read
more exciting developments than season one . a lot of drama . but , outdoor shoots needs to be more real and believable .
this cartridge works well with my hp printer and the price is reasonable . i would definitely buy this item again .
she likes it , little small for the size . but itll work for the summer . she likes the top alot
my year old loved this book although we would not have played for it and glad it was free
some funny stuff
socks are a little tight , too much spandex , but i love the colors .
there're a little on the heavy side and can't be worn for long periods of time . i'm a little disapointed .
this is a quick summer read that is ok for passing the time . it was nothing spectacular but relatively entertaining .
feel it is very much about don and not as helpful as could be expected from the title
a little too sentimental but friendships with good friends most likely would be sentimental in the journey of the friendship !
didnt give an option for a card so the person didnt know who they were from when we sent them .
but the suede upper ripped very quickly . i'm still using them in the shop .
these were given as a gift and so far no complaints . the chairs were a transitional piece for my son .
it took forever to arrive . the kit is self is just fine . it was i expected to be .
i am going to use it but it is pretty cheap . cheaper than i thought .
the blurry images sometimes make it difficult to identify even famous shows . it is fun when you actually get it .
very good sound but the wires broke after less than a year
the fourth book in the series is missing . anne of windy poplars . my favorite book ! i am a little disappointed .
i thought it would be of better quality , but for the price it is adequate .
this book was okay for younger kids . but it just kept repeating words . so it was kinda boring a little .
worked like a champ as soon as i plugged it into my ubuntu . pc .
yes , would recommend . part of the music i listen to duri ng my childhood , along with bill haley as a teenager .
it didn't go on as easy as i expected . scratched when we were getting bubbles out . acceptable for the cost .
i really liked this case , but would have liked it more if it was a hard case .
packaged nicely . just had a long scratch scuff on one side . thought about returning it , but that would be a pain .
very small and expensive
the bottom portion was a loose fit . i thought it would be a snug fit . thank you for asking me .
great shoe . look and felt great . unfortunately for me , one shoe hurt my foot , so i had to return it .
i expected this item to be more powerfull for the price , a dollars speaker does gave the same volumen
you get what you pay for , paid few dollars , got a few uses before it stopped working correctly .
pretty good dvd , i love the videos . cool poster and neat cd .
nice story . light , easy , fun . original characters , modern story line . read the sequel . very steamy . would read more by author .
i got tired of norton and kaspersky is cheaper . i like the interface better , too .
it's one of those flattened type hats that makes you look like a dork . but other than that it's ok .
i cant transfer photos , music and applications to my micro sd card . it gets full with just a few things
it is the type of movies that i like . so it is a added movie to what i already have .
after first unit failed within hour , little worried about durability . amazon was great though , sending replacement out immediately .
in the beginning , all the books are spy stories . the a good reading , i just intersperse them with other books .
a little glitchy at times , but fun . levels range from super easy to super hard . good brain work out and time killer .
book was very similar to the miracle . i prefered phil cambells ready set go fitness .
i got it for loot cards . only got of them . not really worth it . still cool to look at .
the only real reason why i watched it is cus of francesca frigo damn i love that girl . this is blancodecali .
ordered it , had it installed but haven't used it yet . my daughter in law says that it should be easy .
you can get a bigger backboard lifetime portable hoop on lifetime's web site for the same price plus free shipping .
i bought , but one of them got over heated very often
uncomfortable hard plastic . but they do the job .
since i have all of the books , i knew most of the quotes already . was an easy read , and fun too
tough to rate unless you have to use it . so far , so good . i've yet needed any plan like this .
i only needed rubber bands , quality is pretty good , thick . what i was looking for
it doesn't work anywhere besides the house what kind of cell phone is this more like a house phone ! really !
these shoes are very cute and fashionable ! sounds like my son doesn't think there very comforble ! i would recommend them !
reasonable priced for the toy was exactly what i thought it would be its a christmas present for the grandson
you always learn so much from others and this show does show some of these things . its worth a try !
expected better but this product will do . hope you will continue to improve on this product . product could be worse .
a science fiction storyon the hyperspace bubble . out of
the plot wasn't original , timberlake is normally a very good actor surprisingly but he failed to shine . wouldn't watch again
very nice . no problem . great price . i don't have any complaints . just wish they had more colors . amazon rocks !
i usually wear a . and ordered that size but they are a half size too small for my foot
not the sort of book i buy . someone else said i should read it ! the way it was presented was strange .
bought this for my nephew , appeared to be a nice cup , don't know what else to say about a cup .
these stocking thigh highs are well made , but run a little big . they would not stay up at the top .
but the paint tends to get stuck to table tops , desk tops , etc . it is very detailed like the picture .
if you liked tina fey's bossy pants , you'll certainly enjoy this book . though kaling's wit is not quite as sharp .
it was a gift i have no idea how it panned out .
hoodie looks cool . my son loves it . but , the zipper is broke . kind of feel like i wasted money . oh well .
this table is a great beginners table . not the highest quality of materials used . it works for the small business .
very comprehensive toolkit . unfortunately the material is not hard enough for daily work . in contrast to less frequent use is good .
it was a good story . but a way to short
it was everything i expected and more but i'm really disappointed because it got stained and it wouldn't come out .
tour glides are very christian based . video covers most of the well known landmarks and the photography is well done .
had to send it back but it was no problem to return for credit . windows compatibility issues .
this book just moved way to fast for me , and i found myself always questioning things that were just unrealistic .
worth it for the overkill cover . for me , anyway . but get it used .
lyrics are somewhat provincial .
it's a great book but the binding sucked .
they are a bit larger than what the chart says . still they are comfy and they have good quality fabric .
the bowl shape is great , i just wish it would suction well to my son's plastic high chair tray .
made me think this is a mini series . it ended like that ? sho . you should have pushed the writers for a different end
just too slow of a finish to an otherwise great trilogy . i loved the other two books in the series .
unfortunately , the range and speed of this adapter is representative of the price . if you can afford more , pay more .
very short book on the basis of boxing . good for someone with no prior knowledge of boxing . worth the .
doesn't go on very smoothly . it is hard to get a nice concentration of color . would not buy again . disappointed .
inexpensive stylus , works great . after a couple of weeks , the silvertone accents start peeling off but does not effect functionality .
the quality of the hat is was good . liked the way the hat looked . but the sizing was even close .
flora speer has a way with time travel . she needs to branch out some . still a good time travel book .
didn't exactly fit in my kodak camera . but the price was very reasonable compared to other batteries that i checked .
good , it accomplishes it purpose to keep phone safe . . makes the phone more bulky . but it's ok . . .
they worked great except the fisheye . it was really blurry even after i cleaned it . but besides that its great .
i love the game but the negative gem things are annoying especially when i didn't do anything . good game though
memory based game
the battery works as could as it should but my computer still cuts off without the cord attached . good job .
didn't lose with defender case on it . had to add velcro to flap for full closure .
very versatile app , with good illustration .
i bought this for a girlfriend of mine . it was a lot smaller than i expected , nbut she loved it .
interesting movie somewhat drawn out .
a little humor . love the cinematography . not overly impressed . might have been a tad bit over the top . not anderson's best
this show has some good ideas , maybe it just needs more time to develop . i like the character setup tho .
well , that's it you need a lot of patience to get these cards intothe envelopes , but they are beautiful .
a simple syrup , no in depth conversations , thoughts , or words of wisdom .
doesn't work as well as expected . the counters doesn't seem to shine like i thought they would . expected much more .
this shirt fits tightly and is fairly thin . however , the graphic is done exceptionally and is holding well under washes .
its was good gave to my buddy as a gift for his ar he liked it . it worked pritty good
ok , but couldn't get what i wanted .
i liked it but the description doesnt tell you the songs are rearanged in rock band , samba , jazz , etc etc .
its just okay . i am saying its not great , but its not bad . just meh describes it to a tee .
the julienne strips are really really skinny and i'm scared of cutting myself with it . i don't really use it .
i was a little disappointed in the quality and that there didn't seem to be instructions with it .
wedgit works good , very simple to put together , locks well can't jimming it out of place to open the window .
the adidas shoes that i bought were comfortable and easy to adjust to .
works ok
you get what you pay for . it is just as it looks . a little smaller then i expected . arrived promptly .
color was green .
fuzzy dice that looks stylish in your car . more square than other fuzzy dice but get the job done well .
enjoyed the smokey flavor this gave to pork over flavor of chicken . personally prefer the flavor from the applewood chips .
does not fit my case even though i was promised it would . the quality is okay at the best . j
they are good just dont block out alot of sound so everyone around me can hear what im listening to .
it is a cute simple read . not the most plot induced or sexy book but entertaining none the less .
good and very difficult to find locally .
its not really a airsoft gun its a nice gun don't get me wrong but its not a pellet gun
cool i guess if you are into cheap lights that look cheap
excellent cd favorite track is in this land . the legendary choir from oakland delivers again .
the battery was better than the one i had . but it want hold a charge all day , could be better .
the item came timely and intact . the problem is with the lid it isincredibly difficult to get off on .
this is a very good book and i would recommend anybody to read this . really good storyline from the author .
the macro lens is all blurry and the wide angle looks the same as the fisheye . am i doing something wrong ?
its a good product but the bottles leak in spite of the travel lid . we use it daily for my infant .
provides step by step method of interpreting dreams .
reading was ok . my wife was looking for more info . wasn't what she expected in a book for your body .
product ok but couldn't get rid of all the bubbles . still have a few and it been over a week .
the mug fell onto the grass and broke day . the shovel is sturdy and it has a nice handle .
works fine , should have ordered a larger size , a littlt to tight , will order a larger size . easy to use .
my item looked great and excellent before buying it . but , when i got it i got disappointed . it is okay
the book was difficult to read and not very well written .
slow for the first of the book . have read all of grisham's books but would not recommend this one .
don't love em , don't hate em , but they were worth the money i spent on them
other than the fact that it was made in china . i well satisified with it . however item was nothing special
i kept it , but the thermometer has never worked accurately .
it works fine , but is way to expensive for let's face it some rubber band and stickers .
haven't used but have other set waiting on the room to be done then the party on . yes thank you !
sold vehicle and did a total tune up and replaced all filters . i can not rate as i have sold vehicle .
this pocketbook has what it takes except it is just a little too small .
it's a quick and easy read . nobody gets hurts or damaged . feel good book where the good guys win . enjoy .
it was a fun series of puzzles . not difficult at all , but there weren't a lot of puzzles to complete .
a good spellbinding book that you don't want to end hard to put down . can not wait for book two
clip not strong enough . other than it's good .
it was okay , so so actingsame ole scares . good on a stormy night with the lights off . predictable ending .
no commit !
altho the cd has good music , it skip in places and the music changes levels while playing .
boycott all publishers who request the disabling of text to speech . while this book is fantastic the publisher obviously is not !
i'm not sure why the product photo shows two bottles , when in fact , all you're getting is just one bottle .
this is a nice looking shoe but runs a bit narrow and doesn't work well for someone withwide feet .
ill keep it simple , liked the gore , story was decent , and it held my interest . good late night slasher movie !
this was a typical regency period book . enjoyable , but does not lead me to read the rest of the series .
could include more information or more codes than it does contain on each section of the app . but it is free
i found this book contained too many words to be used with students who struggle with math concepts .
superbe acting in this bbc adaption of jane eyre ! you never want it to end .
ok but it was a tease i was expecting more . it leaves you thinking that there is more to come .
like the case but the silicone part stretches out quickly .
good story . i enjoyed the conflict between sisters . makes the relationships more interesting . families are all so different . good read
hidden objects are so small and the time allowed to find objects is minimal . i have played better games . disappointed .
some ruins on paper of case . for three stars , disc very clean and had a book inside . d s s
good over all . the grill is not as good as my last weber and the top is a little loose .
expected a few boxes for the price versus just box . will order directly from dr . thompsons website next time .
not a fully developed story . plot not much more than a travelog , interesting along the way but not much more
it is alright . i wish that it would have a few more games that you did not have to purchase
after getting them wet they streched out and work ok
no instructions included measurements are incorrect loop broke off st day quick ship good price
stars its okay . it is not the best but for a dollar who could resist , a good upgrade would help .
fans works well , but are not children's playthings . the paper can easily tear if played with . great for decorating , though .
some very good information from the author , although a bit into himself . it was , however , interesting reading at times .
this book is for a specialized reading group professional musicians , advanced degree students , etc . , but not for the general reader .
pretty predictable . jim accuses everyone he comes across until someone confesses .
kinda light , but does the job . we'll see how long it lasts . just wish it was made in this country .
stories about friends in ireland , whose lives become entwined . relaxing read , gives a warm feeling as one follows the characters
c
just not for me . i like games that challenge my mind . i guess i prefer words games to the gambling type .
a very pretty shoe that is well made and good for dancing . the toe is stiff and rubs a bit .
this stick is much better than the one that comes with slapshot . much easier to use and doesn't fall apart
it was an interesting story , though i thought lengthy for the content . pretty predictable , so it was easy to skim .
it works ok for a basic phone and the price was great . this reply requires eight more words to be complete .
battery works but wished the price was cheaper . same battery as what was in my unit so i bought this .
doggie chewed threw it in months .
it worked fine for what is it . wished the colors were diffrent . boys are not into pink at age .
cheers to the inventoryworks well , saves me from throwing away the old min cables
well , it is good , however , i expected to find this manual of pronunciation more helpful .
reliable , but high fan very noisy . i wish filter could be cleaned instead of having to be replaced every season .
i think he needs a smaller size but he likes the larger size . go figure . they are well made and stylish
i am not sure that this is working for my dog . i will update later if i decide it does .
bought cheap came on time and is in the shape i wanted , thanks a a a a a a
a frightening story because it could happen any tick of the clock anytime anywhere . probably too much irrelevent sexual activity
korn is lacking these days
it isn't a game for memaybe others will like it better and give this game more stars then i
the watch seems a little bit big , but its okay . the product looks very nice and its cool to have
very sharp , but doesn't seem to cut any branches over inch . spring coming and will give it another try .
dictatroid . it is a little lacking in operating direction . it requires the speaking to be louder than is normal .
if i wanted a regular smelling almond soap , i would have not purchased this . it should have a stronger scent
bought it as a gift so have not used it myself but the colors appeared a bit dull .
lame but entertaining my grandpa loves it ggg gtfo huff dfhdh ruufjj gdvb f th . dh . thc n ysgjff hdyu
purchase shirt for brother who is normally a xl size but this shirt runs almost a whole size smaller .
quick read and good characters . finished it fast over a weekend . i'll probably read more of these in the future .
good story showing how easy to be cyberbullied and how devistating it can be but light on what to do .
this approach to the diet was a little extreme for me .
was overwhelmed by all sort of specials only wanted this one item also got quantity wrong not verysatisfactory purchase
compact and convenient for travel . unfortunately , the gray plates covering the outlets started to fall off on the third day .
worked awhile then quit
fair
it was great got there before due time . colors r great ! it fits well ! really like it keep it up
i really think that david attenborough deserves better . shallow and not thoroughly professionally done , especially the interviews with sir david .
good but expected ending . ok if you like love stories and happy endings . plot not very complicated . enjoyable easy read
some of the pockets are very tight and its pretty hard to pull the drivers license out of the slot .
the design and color of the watch is very nice , but did not check the measurements and is very large .
i liked the watch's design but it was hard to read the display in daylight . so moderately satisfied . greg mccann
it was okay , came as described . fits okay , a bit bigger than expected but not bad . i use it often .
its okay . would be nice to be able to chat with our opponents .
i wish this set gave an indication of how tall it will accommodate . its nice just not for shorter people .
yes it was good replaced the previous filter so vacuum cleaner seems better now
but you have to skip over whole chapters that go into every possible detail abouit whales and whaling and whiteness .
my granddaughter figured she could finish it . her daughter was happy with it and the size , so it worked well
do not leave these out in the rain . they will warp like crazy . the legs pop out constantly as well .
small but still too big . lame . walk back kitty slips right out . lb mo old kittens btw .
i primarily bought this for an year old that was living in my house . they enjoyed playing this game .
an intertaining books . a short history of novelity items and a pictorial of many items which brought back plesant memories .
it's true you get what you pay for . overall it is ok but really cheap and cumbersome to carry around .
i put this on and work out on my wii . ronnie milsap at his best . highly recommend .
too bad they dont offer more colors of the outside . only grey . i painted mine black to match my jeep
doesn't have the range necessary to be very useful .
i am sorry to say i have not yet used this product . when i do , a review will be forthcoming !
like his voice the song was really great would like to no more about him sound like he is french
good pan but lid from old pan of same size doesn't fit no problem though i can make it work
this is not a floyd rose ii whammy bar . it's a whammy bar for a licensed by floyd rose tremolo .
it is ok to use for special occasions but not for everyday use . it is very pretty and elegant looking .
if you like to hear families worship together , then this cd is for you . really enjoyed it .
nice looking but doesn't protect the phone . wow i have to use words . no more reviews for me
good for what i needed them to decorate jello . it's a tradition made in mexico . didn't really need the needle
this vibrator is ok . i've had better . the intensity levels are not as powerful as other bullets i've come across .
sturdy durable . does not fit standard size frame . a little too pricey
never finished reading it just didn't hold my attention it seemed to drag . not a mystery book i would recomend .
its plastic when the original screen was glass and came with a small crack in it , its alright i guess .
not exactly as noted there was no mention of only being suitable for us power points . otherwise good . thank you
only worked about one week then died .
these biners were a little smaller than i had anticipated . however , this product has proved quite valuable and versatile . thanks !
expensive but it works wellbought few times and like itas per our rewievs this product works for others too
good bag , but the snaps broke off in the first months . still works , just doesn't close .
fun to you run out of money . wants you to buy more coins but not worth it . buy the paid versioninstead
flimsy . i have affixed them with nylon ties but they tear through the signs pretty quickly . good that it's pack .
this little device helps , but it's still possible to get the cords twisted and tangled on it .
the case appears quite a bit darker gold when it arrives but it works fine and isn't a bad color
the product did not have a memory card enclosed , otherwise it is a good camera .
after the first few jobs the game gets too repetitive . and requires co op friends to play otherwise just very slow .
i order this for my son and he really liked it he is so into cars and he had fun
i bought this for seminary . it's okay , but the truth is the previous version is a much better to me .
good product but causes constipation . good for the purpose purchased . recommend for temporary use , specially after taking antibiotics . good to have at home .
thought it was larger than it really is but it serves it's purpose . has everything that i expected it to .
the cord is a little shorter than the original , otherwise it is working fine . seems like it is good quality .
its a nice blue tooth , if your in quiet surroundings . the inner ear piece is a little big .
provided a look into the past when music was just that . brought back somememories .
nice case , only problem is you cant plug in the charger with this case on just wont fit nice color
it is not too much affect with my problem . so , it is not just which i used it before , it is okay
ok , but nothing out of the ordinary . just another book on the player and not the wisdom of playing poker .
i don't know if it helps with my brother than i but i did take it everyday
it had its moments , but was pretty predictable .
only one port works all the time other one is hit or miss . the idea is great if worked properly .
my husband really liked these pants but they were very tight in the waist . exchanged them for a size up .
they were too long and not comfortable to me so l gave them away , better luck to them i say .
becuz it's live , too much crowd noise to really crank it up . otherwise , good stuff . these reviews require too much
it sheds but that may stop eventually , i hope , it does fit very tightly but i guess that is good ,
felt like i had mini bean bags on my feetnot very comfortable at all would not even consider them again
this was not the quality i expected it to be . it's kind of cheap . but my daughter likes it ok .
good frame good price , would definetly recommend it to anyone looking for an inexpensive white frame , it's a good buy
sheets are great just not my color so i am returning them
good reading .
wasn't what i had expected , would not recommend this . i would not buy from this author again in the future
i thought the spices would be stronger more like keftastill , i'll use it but wont re order
sort of drawn out . enjoyed all the characters . finally ending i did not anticipate and felt sorrow for all involved .
does fog a bit , but my hubs is still happy with it . he shaves with it in the shower .
i read this book as a standalone book , and it probably would be best to read the other three first .
liked it and it was worth watching . no real surprises in the movie , but it was entertaining . enjoy watching it !
it is not what i thought it would be . but i will keep it and use as a stand by
i bought this as a joke gift for a colleague , but found it less than amusing .
the game is an enjoyable twist on solitaire . however the in app purchases seem a little on the pricey side .
help me how to teach my kids about senses in a short and easy way for then to understand . thanks .
nothing to brag about but a nice film that would be good for hs students . was hoping for more detail .
i hope they will put in the two deleted scenes in the movie someday , so the movie will be uncut .
photo print quality is not good that i expectedand too big size , noisybasic printing quality is fine !
product from verizon works great , the cord is just not as long as i needed it to begalaxy s
probably half the songs use the n word . it is so jarring i found it hard to enjoy the musicianship .
a really fun flick . no oscar here , but good , raunchy fun . jennifer aniston is always number one in my book !
i thought this would fit but it runs small for it's size . i'm usually fit into x .
this item is definitely not a women's , way smaller than a , otherwise they were really nice capris .
it was quite easy to unravel the mystery , butit was still entertaining . i would still recommendit for reading .
too big long chain
not as sharp as advertised , not really sharp at all
i don't normally enjoy novels written in the third person , and this was no exception but has decent political overtones .
it occupies year old nephew and is something to do . must be interesting for me to have something to do .
too small the on the picture , the picture it's look like big but is not , difficult to assembly all equippement
i got this book for my grandson , i just finished reading it and i think he will enjoy it too .
i wish i could have seen this book prior . if i had , i would not have purchased for my grandson .
reduces cravings
danger days was ok . but since then their music has been slipping , and this whole batch simply wasn't as good .
good product for cost
only got this movie because it had close caption . it was okay but to me .
hey i like this app or game what ever you call it this is fun and i hope every one
the case is good for normal use in protecting my tablet . i would not recommend this for outdoor use . nice
this was a good product , nice color , but it would have been better if it have a draw string waist .
it's heavy for its size and hard to handle . otherwise it does a fairly good job on the floors . noisy
works ok but not very strong . does not hold on top of the tape if you tape over the tape .
thank you it realy camein handy for gifts and workedout for everyone thanks you so much for the stylest . cool
kinda cheap material but didn't cost much . pretty colors . so not bad for the money . like it so far bought two of them .
i enjoyed the book . it was a quick read . i loved the different families in the book .
what can i say . if it says stephen king i'll watch it . not my favorite of his movie adaptations .
the book was okay not exceptional but i thought it was too short . would not have gotten it if i had known .
makes a huge mess throwing sugar everywhere . should be used outdoors if you want to avoid making a mess inside .
nice toy . not flexible though , and is hard . so keep that in mind when looking for a real feeling toy .
not great but then again , a very different jim carrey role . entertaining but difficult to follow .
need a little more info on pump model spec info , but all in all not to bad for the price .
got here when they said it would . but battery life is not very long should have got a new one
seems more like a moisturizer , i do not think it is a face primer . glad i ordered the travel size
it's just a skin for my sister's phone 'nuf said ! blah , blah , blabbity blah . blah , blah , blabbity blah . blah .
worked well price not so good s kdfg fi f f r r r yy jj g g h h h
not to bad it keeps me intertwined an my daughter likes it to its cool how u when money nice
not what i thought it was ! should be explained better for the consumers would not buy this item again !
too slow and took me a while to get into it . some aspects were interesting . will continue to finished it .
not that great but jack's from youtube is much better . his feels better in the hand and sounds more realist .
it is made in china , the razor is ok , but i want to buy a razor made in netherlands , so . , just only stars
the author is now the pastor of the friends quaker church that i attend . i enjoy the humor he uses .
the toy wont stay in the table
i bought this hat for my boy friend and he loves it ! i'm thinking of purchasing one for myself
meh . i like a few of the songs , but skip over most . they start to sound the same over time .
couldn't get a good fit
it shot oh ok and is built nice . just use for back yard games . fps is in the which is low
cheap , but effective .
had to reinstall . it crashes again i may change to one star and say its a east of money .
i expected the last printing , and not the earliest edition . but otherwise in pretty good condition aside from some underlining .
packs are small enough to fit in large pocket or purse . essential when traveling where paper is scarce or nonexistent .
. but it gets cold of course and that's what i needed ! i would definitely recommend this product to anyone asking .
i was not happy with the fact that the movie that was sold is letterbox .
this caliper has a wide screen and sturdy build . the metric inch fractions display comes in very handy . no problems with shipping .
well written . a very interesting subject .
cute book but kind of long . it took forever for them to get together . a long story but cute . ok
cool blue light ! a little fragile , but cheap enough if you lose it or someones takes bfd . would re buy !
pretty earrings . came in a cheesy box . smacks of made in china . i thought the mechanism was a little flimsy .
not one of hiaasen's better books , but still good reading . love his warped imagination . looking for more of his books .
product comes on a cd so if you have a new mac installation can become a major issue . be beware .
it has a bit more of an edge than some of there older work .
the bible is the correct version however , it is not the color of leather that i thought i ordered .
ripped after two or three days of wearing . but worked great till then .
i don't like how it skips pages th gggggggggg th g g g catch g h h g v b
there was nothing horrible about this movie but nothing great either . it was mildly entertaining , but was not overly compelling .
thought it was a little more tough then what it was . but it is ok for fun for my dog
have not read it yet ! but will soon . i will let you know . been busy with the holidays and family .
the phone is so close to the ends you have to take the phone out , also the card slots are tight
two clocks same model , but never can set the chime sound , sound at the same time .
interesting but not very good . the author did not offer a good narrative that would have brought the story alive .
good
because of th promotion i choose to buy it . and i found it is just ok , not what i supposed
it is well worth a read . i will finish the series to see the outcome as it peaked my interest .
sorry . i personally think baconreader is a far better app for reddit . this one is nice , but its not br .
it fits the bill as far as lightly protecting your phone but it's not shock absorbing obviously so tread lightly .
not as good as they advertise too thin . i would try to find a better quality insole and runs small
i am not sure if he liked it or not so i really cannot make a comment on this item .
its ok the stick falls out we replaced it it fits much better .
that was worth bucks . i didn't have an ipod at the time !
the book it's okay . in my opinion there are better potty's train books .
this is good if you are a singer , i somehow ordered the wrong cut . oops ! however it is still the bomb
the volt charger is not timed . the instructions are to remove the batteries after hours .
the rubber outside protects but the harder plastic breaks easily . already on my nd not reordering another phone case .
its smaller then what i thought it was going to be , but overall it was a nice bear ,
you get what you pay for . good for a little bit of wear , not to much though . spring wears out .
wouldn't rent this again , wasn't a tom cruise fan then and i am not one even more so now , bye .
i just bought a giving tree for gems . then i accidentally sold it when i scrolled . i need help !
i found the novel entertaining but disconnected and disjointed . the stories are hard to connect and the hswainnan segment impossible .
htc ts tool saver machine cover make sure you measure your machine and buy the next larger size
fair quality for occasional home use . for avid hobbyist or home shop enthusiast , i would look elsewhere .
zipper does not work well
my mistake . i assumed the bells were included . this was just the case . i should have read a little closer !
hint order a size up and hope that you have the body of a model .
smells like rubber and poop . i've just kind of stopped using it . . .
could have been for teens with less cussing , a good but predictable story that kept me entertainedgo ahead , read it
okay . returned !
i enjoy reading these as a somwhat guilty pleasure . love the setting and the relationships . i read all her books .
for book club . interesting story and educational of a time in our country . but pretty easy reading and somewhat predictable
yes , basic physics a self teaching guide meet my requirments . it's a little harder than i imagined .
nice historical collection of very old nm maps on slick paper . not so good for historical trails in the state .
not as comfy as i had hoped they would be . i like the other roxy styles i have purchased better .
fell apart rather quickly
it's okay if you can remember every month to apply it . i just switched to seresto at my vet's recommendation .
fast shipping and delivery . it's not what i was expecting , but was pleasantly suprised anyway . thanx .
the sevice was great , the product was what i ordered i just ordered the incorrect product .
work with wii fitness programs , it make exercising more interacting and productive for the best results . great for this propose .
small .
the work for what i needed , but are pretty cheap quality . they were scratched up . probably wouldn't order these again .
early chapters provide interesting statistics about very religious states compared to more secular states . later chapters focus on spreading secularism .
great product , it worked excelent , the arrival was pretty fast and the quality of the product was the best , thanks
classic movie
fast read . just a classic detective novel . no stephen king time travel fiction
over all a nice piece for x files collectors but not if you want to open and display very limited
always funny . ms davidson definitely has her own style but i , personally prefer supernatural storylines . definitely worth a second look .
the item was nice but it was smaller in size than it appeared in the photograph listed on the page .
cute looking shoes , i like the fact the soles are flexible . they tend to run a bit bigger though .
each of the stories we good if they had each been expanded on and detailed . was a quick hour read .
this pilot started of a bit slow but ultimately was worth watching . i am wondering when the series will continue
repetitive , but interesting . it is a case study so somewhat journalistic decent read but bring another book too .
reading in book club . the book reminded me of the shack . takes god's word and twists it in my mind .
needs a see through window
this was just okay . not the best movie , but ok . i am glad i skipped the movies and saved the cash !
very good product
i ordered the x , fits well however the waist band is inches too small with no elastic or adjustment .
it was hard getting all the bubbles out . i will try a different one next time . the price was ok .
three stars , a good book for fast desserts . quick easy and uncomplicated . i will pass many of the recipes along .
not to bad does the job and saves you money . they need to change there image cause they all look black
if you like dragon lance , you should like this book . a good read and a good start to a series .
it's a tight fit for my front sight . this isn't the tools falt i think i need a new sight .
for the price , i thought it would have been a molle holster but i was disappointed that it was not .
solid , if sometimes formulaic middle school aged book series . i loved the egyptian history and knowledges spread throughout the book !
good for a joke gift . cannot comment on usage as it was not purchased for use , only as a joke .
ok serie , lite mycket upprepningar . fullt l auml sbar .
this is what my daughter asked for for christmas . i was disappointed there were not more recipes in this book .
pretty entertaining . i was hoping the sequel would be better but it didn't grab me at all . it seemed formulaic .
this frididaire door shelf worked fine , it fit in the fridge ok and i was glad to replace my shelf .
the towel is nice thick and soft but too big . it seems more like a medium large than a small medium .
the clasp is not my favorite .
love the color but once again some of the beads came loose
i didn't realize how quick it really would be . i was hoping for a more extensive list of actual remedies .
it kept repeating the story line . history repeated itself over and over and over . was glad to reach the end .
this is how i gots to hear my blues this lady brings life to an almost bellyup medium . good stuff !
i'd like to become more familiar with the old negro spirituals . someday i'll take the time to learn them better .
the game was not very challenging . i would rate this more a game for a younger child then an adult .
i like the smell . it was not effective on my scalp . however , the flakes on my scalp are pretty stubborn .
the earrings arrived in a few days and i gave them as a gift . the receiver liked them very much
i do't like the opponet whilei am playing . ilike not to be pressured while i am looking for a play .
not what i thought .
i ordered this for my dad who is a huge fan . it was ok but i would not order again .
it was ok but not sure i will watch the rest of the shows .
i thought the story was unlikely that these teenagers wouldn't be caught at some point , but still enjoyed the read .
the only thing i don't like is that is shakes when the printer is printing . its not sturdy enough
wish it had the capability to cancel out the on screen keyboard which blocks half the screen . otherwise , works well .
the app is okay but it is a set of double strings . not what i expect for a banjo .
a few character change outs and shallower plot line . it's just not as much fun as the first season was .
pretty good quality , easy to install .
my grand daughter loves the bubble guppies . it was a hit at my house . she plays it all the time .
pants looked ok , just undersized and don't know what size to order for replacement ? just advise me what to do ?
this is a cute bracelet . my daughter loved it . great , cheap gift for a young lady . so far so good .
this product is great , but ineeded to have it reformated to the australian regentcey number which cost me more money .
this is good for amateurs otherwise i suggest getting a professional one even though i know that it's more expensive .
i love this book by james patterson , it was a michael bennett book and i loved every chapter of it .
it was too small !
great price , came fast nice card
worked great but died after two months of use . maybe i just got a dud ?
playable , nothing fantastic , something to play in between big titles , not worth more than bucks new
got this for three songs really . jack the ripper , rawhide and rumble . wanted commanche but not on this cd .
i expected it to be much taller , other than that it is quite useful . it's sturdy , and serves it' purpose .
good info , not bad for my first book on this topic . i should have read volume one first . would recommend
good basic intro on stockpiling on a tiny budget . i would have liked more details but price was right on .
it keeps you turning the pages but lacks finesse
it was too long to wear with my costume and not quite as poofy as i had hoped .
this case does not have a seperate compartment for the remote control . it's a good case for the price .
this was a pretty good book . i didn't like the ending but it was still good .
while i haven't used it yet . i've found the quality of martha stewart punches excellent and highly recommend it to anyone .
was glad to find this item . can not buy it much anymore and price was greati will buy again .
these are rather snug fitting , so i ended up having to give the large and the x large to my younger son .
the plot was decent . i liked the main character . the rich and power hungry tycoon psychopath was easily hateable . good entertaiment .
these glasses are okay , but not a product i think is worth the price paid .
was an okay movie , ended kinda not to my likeing . guessing it would have been way better in the theater .
it's really boring but it's a . good book to kids who like happy endings . i would recommend . it to five year olds .
disappointed in the graphics . in where is my water , the definition of the graphics us so much better . htc incredible g .
quality of deer tails not what i , ve come to expect from hareline . rather ratty . one tail broken . not very good .
you have to be very careful opening these little guys . but once its open the product is very fresh and tasty .
i would rather have a size in the petite , but like the regular medium ok .
i played this game and it keep on not working and not letting me do anything . but it was fun .
it is ok , but my klein clamp meter is better .
the plug for the battery was broke and we could not charge it for christmas morning . we were very disappointed .
sexy story with passion . only need to read once . it was good story , but didn't really get into the characters .
it was good , but it's from the pastors point of view , and it seems like he embellished a few parts .
they seem to work well but i hadda look up the instructions online . glad i purchased them for sure , though . thanks ! don
loved the scenes of outdoor paris , great shots of landmarks from unusual angles . juliette binoche is gorgeous from any angle !
for basic review of general concepts it is great . great for using while watching tv or your month old .
expected more for the money . is ok but takes a lot of time to makeit work effectively . prefer stackable solution
it's ok , very heavy . i used it for a few day's then moved on to try others . one two three
i was not extremely overwhelmed , simply not me , nor others i had sample . but that is how it goes . tu
could have used far more meat . not his usual style at all even though it was a single kindle edition .
i bought this for my husbands phone . he seems to like it . and it s protecting the phone from breaking
some items impossible to see even with hint do not know if it is the game or res of kindle
liked the book . dragged quite a bit . ending a surprise . love the plot and the facts . glad i pushed through .
broke within days .
it good and fun but after playing on pc nothing is as good . still its fun for on the go .
very interesting so far . reminds me of spielburg's a i
this book is very easy to read . it gives you step by step info on all apects of investing .
the book is brand new , but the quality of the book is cheap . it start to get damaged right away .
pretty good recipes
they are not the best quolity , but okay . mine had a ding in the chair and smuges on the table .
i have not read it yet . a lot of material that i will probably never use or need . heavy tome .
needs a belt . but there is no provision for putting a belt . slides down while sitting . should try some alteration .
gave to my grandaughter's as christmas gifts and they loved them . i was so glad they were happy with them .
so unbelievable at times i thought i was watching a sci fi movie . i became both proud , mostly and scared . joat
i enjoy the puzzles , but the annoying advertising banner on top blocks part of the first line of the puzzle .
i think it wasn't very realistic . doesn't seem like someone would get married so fast to someone they just met .
it's not soft or hard exactly . the dog likes to be brushed with , but it does not remove much fur .
it was an ok book . it was the right length for a nighttime good night reading book . we enjoyed it .
the case is good , just a little sweat . i recommend it because you can work without having the phone in hand .
they do not stick very long when using on toes after surgery . out in the open they work fine .
rating unfair really since i haven't used it yet .
great way to try some new stuff . without spending a whole lot .
does not provide snug fit for laptop
not what is pictured , this is not an apc battery kit , it is a aftermarket
looks good , works good , but didn't like not being able to transfer apps to the external storage .
good flavor however they seem a little old
it was an ok app . i'm more in to games that keep you thinking . great for younger generation
i liked the first story , night , but the other two were so so . overall a good read , insightful , i enjoyed it .
this power balance band was a little different in color when it had arrived . the product came very promptly though
i think the shoes are too large for me . please make the size more detail . but overall , it is bezutiful .
a presentation of the most basic metaphysical and new thought ideas as though from mary .
this is a great trivia game for movie lover's . it'd hard because its picture based but the hints are helpful .
i have connected d blu ray a player but this projector does not show by means of a player in d
starts slow and slot of speechifying but a good read wonderful characters lovely way to bring them home to love
non je ne recommande pas ce produit , la base n'est pas assez couvrante . mais , je peux toujours l'utiliser comme bandeau .
too soon to tell but it seems to be working , less hair loss during shampooing and hair looks better , healthier .
i ordered a medium , but was more of a small . if you typically wear medium size order a larger size
we still have to pick up dust in the corners . the mop pushes dirt around but fails to pick up .
seat is much too hard but assembly was easy enough still trying to find a seat that is soft enough
off to a good start so i may have to come back to this if i remember have time .
i wish they still provided the cd
very difficult to put on the screen . wasted before i was able to put one on . do not recommend
ring is a little thinner than i would have liked and bends easily . for the price i guess .
not as good as the oem battery , but getting two batteries and a charger for that price i'd a bargain .
tedious to fill , but did like the organic and low toxic option .
very simple easy t play game but graphics could be better .
not worth the money it seemed like just any other coffee did not live up to the advertisements i read
rather more post modern anthropology than i care for . much in the line of rene girard . very intelligently written and stimulating
this dress fits and looks great . the only think is its unnatural fabric .
good song this is my third favorite on the album . if you like mattrach work you will like this one
the shirt design was nice but i wasn't thrilled with the cut of the shirt . too loose through the body .
this was a good read , but definitely not juicy .
just ok used on
medium is too big and small too small . they need to give dimensions so customers can decide what may work .
samsonite delegate ii inch attache black one of the locks broke only after one month of usage . word
smooth fabric , light support , thin under clothing . i found it to be a bit too short in length though .
rather simple and basic at points but a decent intro text .
good but not as exciting as her other novels . started pretty slow going . still good to get background on gold
fast moving and entertaining , simple stories for a warm afternoon , nothing fancy . easy reading no need for heavy thinking . ok ,
nothing that we don't already know ! no new revelations or inside info , and no suggestions to level the playing field .
the item is alright for the price . it stains easily , and turns brown from the heat after the first use .
unfortunately i doubt this item was new either . also the case was broken . i'm a big fan of folk music .
again , it states it has episodes but i have yet to see any . it is all video clips . so aggravating .
this was for my daughter so i really cant say anything about it . all though she has not complained .
backpack was exactly as shown described , size furry kitty on front . year old ganddaughter loves it .
i think its ok for a free app . i wish there were more options . overall its not a bad app .
be very careful with it because the diamonds will fall out
this is a beautiful shoe , but the high was too much for me . the colors compliment each other . very pretty .
it works well for things like youtube but if you are watching a live streaming event , the delay is bad .
this is a lovely mini handbag . it feels more like a clutch handbag . nice xmas gift for my daughter ! thanks
a great gift for the firs year teacher . easy to use , filled with great ideas !
it is a fun time . you can play with kids as there is no profanity in the game at all .
i am not too crazy about certain flavors . the peruvian flavor wasn't very good for me . liked the columbian one only .
the program appears to work with time , however in my particular situation , i cannot give it the time it needs .
it's ok . a little smaller than i expected , but the volume is good .
it's a good read . just wished there was more to the ending . i will be reading more of this author .
i would have liked a better quality t shirt . it is too lightweight . i don't think it will last very long .
the quality of this product was less than i expected .
not funny , but rather what elements make things humorous . if you need to know why you laugh , read it now .
thought it would have more on modern sets using steel traps and snares . this book is mainly about using deadfalls .
product was great , it just cost way to much to ship this little pack of gum , never agaion . thank youstephanie cadigan
i would have liked more in the bag guess i should have ordered . i wish they had other shapes
too expensive for a piece of plastic . it is ok but i will not purchase this again in the future .
not as much action as before . seems they wanted more of a story line . but hey it's the wolverine anyway .
it was good but very predictable ! i also thought it was very unrealistic . they had escalators in the school ! what ?
needed a surport for under the handle of my larger knives other than that it worked well .
it is easy to tell that this is cussler's first pitt novel . his writing hasn't matured at this point .
adequate quality , but the zipper is cheap and doesn't slide smoothly .
quirky view of the world through a dog's eyes . sometimes it's sad , often humorous , always a simpler view of life .
i like the advice , but he's very crude .
but a little weak on bass . you'll need a sub woofer . nice features
i thought it was too predictable . it was more like a spiced up harlican romance . shades of gray much better .
the information was a little bit off , but i enjoyed the material for the most part .
it was alright . not what i was looking for . better for the artsy people of our community is my guess .
i like playing . i use it to pass the time . also it is something that my kids can play together .
pretty pictures but difficult to maneuver the pieces and difficult to stabilize the board as i move the pieces around
the plot could have been better but i loved all the action scenes .
no teeth to hold them in place
i am a fan of the murder club . entertaining , suspenseful and a good easy read . get acquainted with the club .
this product is great not hard to put up my thirteen year old son put it together .
this is a big work and it will take time to read . not a quick work . i will keep this book
we thought the colors would be softer blues and greens but in fact are much brighter in the actual piece .
two out of the four looked professionally made . the other two were not detailed .
good compilation , nice to have , not a must have . not disappointed with this book , just not a rave for me .
so i played this and i would give such a good answer and it was wrongit's dumb don't recommend this .
colors are true to what they show . too watery , it takes a lot of makeup to get good coverage .
i've really enjoyed the crazy series . however , this book was my least favorite of the bunch .
my fault for not realizing the dimensions would make this adorable beanie a little too small for my kindle fire .
a quick read for those just starting out on trying to eliminate or reduce toxins in their food and environment .
the app works on my fire . there are very few clips to watch unless you subscribe and have a code .
this book was recommended by my instructor but its lacking without audio cd for pronunciation of the words and sentences
i recieved the cabinet with a broken middle shelf and have had no response from amazon , target or the manufacturer .
cute but realize that the sea urchins are really really small in size
i enjoy mahjong , but these games were a bit too easy . good for young children . fun incorporation of alice wonderland story .
do not like the waist band as well as i though but will go ahead and try them any way
good for indoors maybe but too small for outdoor work . returned it for a larger model which works just fine .
otherwise , okay . really disappointed . had a russell shirt years ago and it held up well . good enough to not send back .
this tool is ok for light clogs . you'll need two people and a lot of patience for any other problem .
he is getting a bit long winded if i say so myself . but still worth a read .
it was an okay read .
took quite long to come but arrived as was said during estimated arrival time and was in good condition
the product is just o . k . it works fairly well on windows but that is about all .
for the girls at home is okay . althought the price is a little expensive . but what else can we do ?
i have not put into use yet , but the ones i am replacing were double the thickness very good price
buy one or two sizes bigger
it works fine . but this is my second one and the case starts cracking then eventually cracks all the way
the guy is ridiculously talented but , i could have gotten into hearing some better songs . i missed vocals in this case .
book not in good condition
disappointed in the fit , although the quality is what was expected . it is attractive looking and will match many outfits .
it is a little bit boring sorry yup yup
hadn't realized bought another book by same author so the information was a bit overlapping . did not need both books .
i ordered it for my wife . she liked it . i know how to please her . i've never listened to it .
didn't work well on my kindle .
plan to order a size larger than usual and wear a cami underneath . overall , the tank is exactly as advertised
una historia simple y entretenida . con una lectura amigable para todas las edades , dirigida mas bien al p uacute blico rom aacute ntico femenino .
i enjoyed this book . i look forward to reading more of the series . definitely with your time to read . good .
was fun for about minutes . moves really slow . cool concept but need a little work to make it fun .
the app keeps freezing as you advance to higher levelswould definitely be a great game if it worked properly
product does work well , kept my 'areas protected but has a little scent to it that i did not like .
it was not what i was expecting . i like a game with a bit more of a challenge to it .
it wasok to small for my laptop , do you have anything biger it was also too flimsy fo my taste
not as sturdy as i thought it would be . one side is a bit scrunched . my files did fit well .
very short story . ended abruptly . it would have been nice to have more content connecting the beginning to the end .
the phone is a bit too crowded . the buttons are hard to read and are too close together .
not so much .
i was impressed with game graphics and league offerings but difficult to hold tablet and control players at same time .
everything can be sold by images but when you get the product it is too late the item is cheap .
it's ok . i was a little disappointed in the quality but it's a good deal for the price .
if you have read other information on this subject , there will be some repetition . always good to read and learn !
this was for a bday gift so didn't get a chance to test it out .
these pads were cheaper than others which is probably why they can't take care of a chihuahua's potty breaks .
the size is smaller than the tag says due to the back part of shoes .
bought it for large bubbles , but doesnt work well for anything but the wand that comes with it
big fan of ms sienna . this one took time to get into , it wasn't as riveting as her previous stories .
any possibility of seeing at least a table of contents before purchasing this , so we know what is included ? thank you !
could not connect with olive . kept reading anyway . author must have a miserable liife . sad .
too much repeating from first two novels in the trilogy . ending very disappointing . where does val go from here ?
another impulse buy . we didn't use it for long because it blew popcorn everywhere and the popcorn tasted blah .
thank you
i gave it to a friend to big for me
the songs in this piano vocal collection are wonderful . the binding , however , is quite poor . the pages started falling out immediately !
cool guns couldnt find them anywhere accept amazon . good price , fast shipping lots of fun
it was good but not quite long enough needed to be more detailed . not just a almost over night marriage
these slippers were very large had to send them back . they must be adult sizes instead of kids sizes .
looks great , just broke after awhile , a small pin came out and it all fell apart
it's a basketball .
useful in rain and snow , keeps my husbands feet toasty warm . he did have a little trouble breaking them in
for sticks ? last year i got sticks for at wanderlust festival . overpriced ? the box was small .
paint wears off too easily
i have mixed feeiings about continuing the series . it is somewhat entertaining however i don t think it is very reaiistic .
works fine and looks ok . wish the receiver display were bigger .
whatever you pay you getit's not usefuli don't recommend itscratch very easyit's not easy to use
an ok jack reacher novel but not the best . a little predictable and not true to the character . too bad .
they worked out fine . my wife loved the surprise . i've owned one for several years now , and they have been great .
my boys love them so i gave stars but they are constantly breaking get your krazy clue ready !
descent , does the job roughly . gives me a general area of steps . small size goes in pocket well .
i received this cartridge very quickly , but i haven't used it yet , so i can't really comment on the quality .
they are great to get the kids imajination going but they are cheep and no man's eyes . i like them .
works excellent as a transmitter but it will not charge an ipod touch in the car
just o . k . game . not enough wins . coins don't last long . not good bonuses . will probably not keep unless it is updated .
nice quality bare roots , no fruit this year though .
this game is fun and easy to play . very user friendly . i would recommend it to my friends . thank you .
they are see through , so keep that in mind when buying . they are very comfortable though .
looks good , but as other folks say it is rather cheap but i guess you get what you pay for .
did not power on at first . need better instructions . did finally work though . spend a little more and be happier .
convenient but not very cold . these did seem to help but i didn't use them for very long .
the molding quality was below oem new with significant raised seams . the quality otherwise seems good and the price was right .
great fit
narrow fit .
disappointed much smaller than picture shows . may want to add size on ad . or size pics can be used .
the information repeated itself often , but the book overall was insightful and educational .
it didn't fit my spiritual outlook . compared life to avatars computer games . might be good reading for people who do games .
very well written and comprehensive , but i prefer guidebooks with more photography , maps and graphics . this volume is very text heavy .
works sound isnt loud enough . toy or gift for laughs . works sound isnt loud enough . toy or gift for laughs .
the candle was really really cute but when it was time to light the candle it wouldn't sing anything . sigh
i found out i didn't really need it , but i decided to keep it anyway , someone i know may need these .
ok
my year old does not love it , she only likes it a bit . which is a perfect star score .
this is a good book for basics . nothing struck me as exceptional , but it was a decent beginner's starting point .
ok .
good
it is white but painted so that grey so it matches the color of the photo , but its untidy , messy .
ajohn grisham has done it again . excellent . plot . i felt as if was present i . in the courtroom . thumbs up .
i just didn't really enjoy playing this game as much as any of the other games i have downloaded previously .
only welds for the money i expected or better keep looking any you could find a better machine
good but could be a lot lighter
excelent product , matches its description perfectly well . however , i would suggest some other versions that are compatible with smart cases
i really wanted watt . is still bright .
this dvd is more documentary , but it is interesting .
had to return the sunglasses . they really hurt my ears . unfortunately , there was a re stocking fee that i didn't know about . sigh .
it's a cute nick nack not anything to write home about but was as stated and worth the money .
ok information of you have never made big meals worth left overs before . otherwise not worth the five minute read .
this was a heavily used book . the condition reflects its use . with worn pages and torn binding . inside matters most .
works fine , like it and so does my wife and daughter , till you try the one with pivot and traverse ,
this is a good decorative piece but it will not hold anything heavy ! the walls are too thin !
not the greatest movie in the world ,
i would like to know if this phone is a g r g and can it be use as att
this story is just another reason i hate books that have cliff hangers . did not want to stop reading .
for thin fabric not goodfor thick fabric work betternot as useful as i expected !
i wanted the regular book , instead i got the instructor review copy . book came in good condition
not good if you need any type of telephoto shots
fhad cheap plastic handle will not order again . pay a little more and get a better razor ! four more words required .
it was good product for the price , i was not expecting much , works like a charm
broken three minutes
iphone wall charger . it's a charger set . works well does what it's suppose to do charge . cord should be longer .
really nice looking watch . just two cons a little heavy compared to titanium models and the strap is really short .
these diapers are okay but they do leak . i like the fact that they aren't made with gel .
the first laptops i received were defective . fame pc sent a rd laptop that is working well now . hurray
it allowed me to easily stop a leaking valve without having to remove replace the entire valve which is a pain .
received item quickly , however the safety seal top was not sealed on any of the i bought .
i was expecting something different , thought it would be easier for a lay person could relate to and understand .
this seems very simple , but then again my daughter is advanced , but it never hurts to brush up on stuff .
need track listings and you will sell rs import
the product only lasted until this month . not sure when i purchased it , but had hoped for longer life !
i enjoyed the story . the book started out with a basic idea that was written well . the characters were believable .
it is a classic recording . unfortunately the technical quality is a little outdated . this is the reason for my rating .
the gates are the only reason that i gave it three stars other wise it would have gotten more stars .
much smaller than it looks , even though i measured i just thought it appeared larger in pictures . but its okay . thanks
haven't finished reading but i am enjoying it so far !
good book . must read for anyone supporting a very old instance of oracle .
these are not assorted . they are all yellow with green , red , orange swirls . not as pretty as i hoped for .
tumbled did not turn out well just ok for the price and this is too much to review . so there
it may have a coated grip but it does not clip very well .
it was ok it didn't explain what happens to domi and the baby , sabreana a nut now , wow where's the sequel
this doesn't give you much more information that the shatter me series doesn't give .
this is okay , that's all i have to say about this thing
it looks good but doesn't hold the posture as well as i hoped . though , it is a pretty comfortable bra .
quick hands irks wish irish organ irish occurs oxygen induced risk hereby office hubbub treats much ogden harsh kvetch . jerseys .
good story and entertaining but a little too much preaching of how god takes care of everything . still recommend it .
works okay but hard to keep the handles in . if that were not a problem it would get stars .
waste of money didnt curl my hair but straighten it and burned my fingers . im gettting old fashion curling iron .
comfy and warm , but durability leaves something to be desired . holes have appeared on them in multiple locations
las recetas son adecuadas , variadas y saludables . las combinaciones de frutas siguen las reglas de la digesti oacute n , salud y bienestar .
these sound and feel good but nothing spectacular to report . had to make adjustments to eliminate buzzing . they sound ok
good
a bit of light reading , typical romance story ! interesting characters that most will warm too and a but of humour as well !
bought this book for my mother daughter book club most girls enjoyed it simple romance easy beach read .
batteries haven't lasted as long as i'd expected in ld devices .
be aware that if you order this , it will be a refurbished phone . not a new one .
i stayed with the book to figure out who did it , wasn't really exciting . characters could have had more depth .
it was okay but had to return cause it didnt really crimp well to me so you be the judge
quirky story . fun and light read . would recommend as a summer beach book . will try more of miss brogan's books .
there were some very unrealistic moments , but the book drew you in and you wanted to keep reading ! good read !
not recommend for traveling . bow bounces around inside . had to return it and got a hard case with cushion instead .
upon arrival , one of the packages was slit with little teff seeds everywhere and no return option for this item !
it kept my interest until it got unbelievable
works ok but sound doesn't carry very well from the next room if the door is closed .
i expected to get more light out of them . i guess it's because they are powered by batteries .
i thought it would be a luttle more . but its very protective and m phone doesnt get wet from anything . ok
first item arrived with butter dish cover broken . replacement arrived with salt shaker broken , and with chip in butter dish cover .
some clues give the name of the team by stating the city played in . still enjoyable though and a challenge
it's very cheap but it broken in deliver process . i'm a little sad about it . it would be great if .
it was a great price and i did use it for about weeksits easy to use and fast
the water bottles are smaller than i wanted . i could not find largerbottles to order . great water . prefer larger bottles .
not mine got em as a gift for a broncos fan .
very pleasant novel . a bit predictable but entertaining . very lite sex so it is appropriate for most ages . mr
not exactly what i expected . small and cheap looking . get what you pay for it . description could have been better
the cd is good , however , with all of the hype i was expecting to be blown away . i wasn't .
one of the best tasting amino drinks out there , decent specs as well . a little pricey though .
cute story i enjoyed reading a relaxing romantic comedy .
straps were not very strong , could not get enough pressure .
will come back and let you all know how it worked out . husband as of yet has not tried it out .
thought it would be more of a thriller , but usual type of this kind of movie , shot documentary style
ok but ended up not needing since the waterproof case didn't work out for me . really have no negative review
it fits very good and it doesn't food down it stays in place comfortable to run long distance . i recommended
a challenge at times . i do not like having to pay for coins for extra help . other than that it's good .
i love this game but with the updates it doesnt work with facebook any longer . i miss playing it .
priced kinda high , but serves the purpose however , it is a wee bit lower in price than the new vehicle dealership .
the book wasn't what i expected . i wanted more discussion about consequences to failure to documenting and medication administration . a
just an average case , it protects the ipod , but that is about it . i probably would not buy it again .
good for the price
you have to unlock the games that are really cool by playing the crummy ones .
this is a pretty good one . some good southern recipes , but for some reason , i sorta expected more .
one disc in season has difficulty loading and opening . have to repeat several times before it will accept disc .
barely kept warm and took a minute to warm up . but it the long runthey will keep you warm .
this game is very nice , but it is some difficult to play in a computer . i prefer xbox . lol
too long ! i ordered another for the smaller tank , m m , and it fits just right !
the product it's ok , solid bud no to sharp , i recommend , if you are looking for something sharp , keep looking !
well , about of them just exploded on their own however they work !
better than what i had . which was hours ! i guess i can't complain because a newer battery would be more .
if you like tom cruise in an adventure flick this is a good choice lots of action good bad villain
difficult to always follow the author's train of thoughtbut very enlightening . not an easy read but worth the effort !
some of the socket has poor connection and so the bulb doesn't light up
wanted a loose gown fit surgery but this was huge . normally wear xl . comfortable if it didn't twist so much .
download had a lot of static . quality was dissapointing . never had this problem before . usally very pleased with music purchases .
i think it was bigger . but i can have it on parties when i don't have so mutch whith me
although the music was loud , i could make out what he was saying . worth your time if you like science .
lot of things going on and needs a couple listens but i love hugh 's playing .
a costume wig for my daughter . the fit is not great . it shed a lot but otherwise it did its job
it's a beautiful book , with a very moving story . you wannna cry the whole book . you have to read it
i have no problem with the product . it is a great book , i love sagmeister but the cover what damaged
i found this app amusing . then again i'm entertained easily . very large on the kindle fire . hey , free is good .
this is nowhere near as good as the normal flappy doge , but it works . it's pretty weird , might i add .
i love how free isn't free , they give you a tease and say buy more . we are going to delete today .
dog and cat go nuts , wife ever finds out , i'm going to get hurt .
the wire is not long enough .
they fit fine but are very thin material . i will wear them under skirts but not when i work out .
story was good , acting was below average . effects were pretty decent . wife loved it a lot , especially the love story .
looks more green than it does in the picture . and its darker too . other than that , the quality is nice .
. if you search the site for the glove and go for another entry for this cd in the results .
un brian wilson pour les collectionneurs , rien de bien passionnant dans cet album . beau travail de production , mais sans grande inspiration .
i enjoyed this interpretation , but sometimes lost the vivaldi in it . i think perhaps , though , vivaldi would approve .
we love jasmine in our tea . the flavors are weaker than we expected . maybe a freshness issue . won't buy again .
i thought it drug a bit , could have been more varied . needed more suspense , or surprises . just a little tedious .
this book was fine . it covers very basic chemistry principles , but the principles it does cover , it covers decently well .
straight to the point . good advice about attitude towards tradinginteresting formulae graphsoverall well put together interesting .
i bought this card reeder because in the add say that it cud read sim cards . jr .
the sharp works well , but is hard on my bad back when sweeping carpet because of the good strong suction .
thought it was going to be bigger than it was . my fault for not really reading the info on it .
i would recommend to buy true boots at least one size bigger . the sole leaves black markings on the floor .
works okay but i found it hard , at times , to keep it from calapsing under the weight of yard debris .
so far so good , after about a month . using on my gateway made by acer nv c notebook .
good read , ending got to be a little preachy though .
i like very much these turquoise patent sandals , but the silver colored insole is very wide , not a flattering look .
crome is chipping .
works well on small lawn . i had to strap to my shoe differently than the instructions to keep them on .
this movie was an interesting twist on factual history , not too corny , but not great either killed some time
it is lots smaller than i expected , so i use it for the cats' ornaments at christmas time .
much thinner than i thought they would be . more of a napkin quality then dish towels . but they look nice .
it is a great product . i just wish i new . that it was the right product when i purchased it .
it was pretty cheap thats why i gave it stars but it has permanent folds in it . its okay
not bad .
i need this for my phone . for it get miss up . or brack or dirty . wet . overheat
i prefer a heavier material .
not worth price get more expensive one to work
cd case broken although shipment packaging was intact and uncrushed i question how new item actually was on arrival
ii's ok but nothing special , at least not for me it's watery and on the salty side , something i'm trying to avoid .
at first seemed to work well but now i notice it doesn't connect well with alot of my devices . shame .
this product is pure to philosophy , but it does not have the fresh , strong aroma that i was looking for .
i like having a few surprises and not knowing everything from the fist page . this book delivers that . good read .
not one of dame christie's best works . suchet did perform at his usual incredible level completely immersed in hercules poirot .
the pillow was stiff and not a soft feelthe packaging was horrible and came damagedwill not buy another
not as good as mediaportal
best thing about this book is the fact that its paperless . the book itself is ok . not much new information .
this is an invulnerability power disc , but it only made you lose less health . other than that okay .
not a great book to learn cutter sharpening . the book is based off building a grinding jig . pass my .
these fit way too big on me and the strap is pretty flimsy . i would pass on these for sure .
it works very good , i'm impressed , good quality , for the price i payed , i'm using it for my keynote presentations
it is a cool knife , but it is small unless you like small then its a great knife for you .
this is a cute charm . thought it was thicker than wide . very small but it is cute . serves the pourpose
slow , not much character development but great story . ed harris was phenomenal as usual with a strong cast around him .
fine
more technically detailed than i expected . less step by step instructions regarding how to field strip and reassemble the rifle .
the book is easy reading and it was a mystery , but it became a little confusing in parts for me
it's good and works for the purpose i bought it for . but the motor wears out in about six months .
very suprising ending , but my favorite noire book was the g spot
watch is fine , strap that goes with it is not . rubber comes apart from cloth after washing . bad adhesive . beware !
family and friends . aways to have fun and to stay active for the family and friends . away to stay active also
this weight is okay . it is exactly what it is suppose to be . but it is not an actual necessity .
although this broiler shoud be made from a heavier gradestainless steel , it is adequate and does the job .
i was getting a little antsy focusing on the sparkles , until the last page finally spoke to what matters most .
takes extra time to 'drag' out the food saver machine , but it does preserve the frozen foods as expected .
i liked this product . i bought another one years ago but this did not have the eagle emblem on it .
is a little flimzy and the on off button is covered some what . the quality is not so good . thank you
i liked that cable . it is simple but work .
these run very large . the size is probably a . order two sizes lower than your shoe size .
just a camera cap
my granddaughter likes her little family . they fit perfectly into her dollhouse and are functional within her playtime furniture .
long book , still not finished . lots of information , wonder if all are completely accurate . interesting look into her sad life .
i haven't seem much improvement except making my chest stink . save your money an buy something that would work better .
buy the first album instead . this one is alright . but lazier . fever to tell
got hooked on his series . can't wait to see where it goes from here . short and to the naughty point
what ? four dvds and not a single foghorn leghorn short ? somebody , i say somebody's dropping the ball here .
enishi should be in it . his part in the storyline was invaluable and very rich .
i love romance and this book was full of it . every woman would love to have a husband like damien .
too small ! i was taken aback at how tiny it is . the gift hasn't been given yet so we'll see .
tracks , , are good songs , the rest of the album i could do without . four more words required ,
these do work and attach to the zipper pull easily . i used these as prizes for a cub scout den .
this was an okay movie , it was a little better than the first , but it wasn't bad .
it was good , then it seemed to drifted to an overly sexualized story after a short time and became uninteresting .
there was wrings on on almost every page ! but it is readable and was worth the small price i paid .
why aa batteries ? a lithium ion battery on it , i'll buy this product . and a design change would be nice too .
some of the holes did not line up had to improvise to get it installed correctly . however satisfied .
it was alright . interesting concept but it dragged in places . i would recommend it .
it is ok it is kinda hard to aimbut it is good but i think that is hard to aim
cheap price but no issue with the product . would recommend this for someone else to buy . not bad for the price
