lots of great special effects but not a very good story . probably wouldn't watch it again . just an average movie .
doesn't sit completely even , tips over with longer wigs
the product description for this book is clearly a mistake , and is intended for some other book .
these do work but i prefer a little stronger ones . i've had several of theses tear just putting them on .
it was a nice album but the songs were a little bland , it would be a nice addition to a collection .
ordered my normal size , too small , had to order next size up . it is the normal carhart quality . pants . nice
it's to generic , lovely but like how contempory christian artists go it's much like any other song . nice song though .
good book only a lot of comments are written inside the supposedly good as new book . too bad .
due to the size , less abilities than a normal size key board . was somewhat disappointed .
poorly made . it worked well until this happened ! sucks because my son is obly weeks so not alot of use !
school book
had to file down extra pieces of plastic so the cover would fit , guess you get what you pay for . sorry
marata eros doesn't disappoint . the druid breeders series is very different and you just love the characters . hot , hot , hit .
too little balls . was expecting larger ones . smell great but doesnt stay on long enough . pricey for what it is .
it . look . strong . on line . it wasn't . durable . enough . but i kept . it . anyway . i didn't . want to return . it
would not read aloud names only numbers .
i enjoyed the book . tend to read by author and will get more books by michael sherer . a good read !
i expected the earings to be larger . i gave them to my grand daughter . i think that she likes them .
many things in the book were for shock value . the sexual content was unnecessary to the plot of the book .
the sweater vest runs a bit large , but otherwise a great buy . it wears well and has a firm texture .
i think it gives out letters to slow , if it was a little faster toy could get more chances to bingo .
this came quickly and met my expectations . one arrive semi broken , but the engraving was pretty good . fair value for the price .
good , but it does not explain steps , it also groups too many parts together which can be confusing and messy .
kinda reminds me of the original moshi monsters taking care of creatures and feeding them if youve ever played it
chad is sweet , but rhea is too insecure to be married to a seal . her poor me attitude is tiring .
the movie was a little to vulgar and to violent for young children to graphic for a family show .
it's just your typical french book . there really isn't much more to it than that .
i like peppery gravy for breakfast this was lacking . smittys cafe in idaho falls has great breakfast gravy . go taste .
it's a good comedy with weird plot twists that would make you want to continue to watch what happens next
heavy set . buy if its must . only if matching serving casseroles needed , not otherwise recommended . lids heavy too .
i really haven't had time to read it yet .
nothing special . it's a tin lunchbox .
left me hanging at the end , i hate when that happens . movie was a little slow as well . not super exciting
mild expresso , but very easy to use and cleanup afterwards . sometimes package is a bit difficult to tear open though .
although i thought this was good as a leisure bra it runs very small too tight around chest . i returned it .
ordered but not all of them worked . wires were disconnected and lights were very fragile . used money from fundraising by students
doesn't fit very well . falls off when i have it in my purse etc , but i love the theme of it .
worked good for awhile . then just quit . tried new batteries and still nothing . it was not what i expected . s
champion is not a high end brand the shorts were exactly as i expected . practical but not very high quality .
this single is good . i like the songs . this is only for die hard fans .
this was great . but i felt like it was a build up to a boring climax . pretty disappointed with the ending .
not quite what i expected , but the vendor was perfect in their handling ! thanks !
no worries about whether or not this book will meet your class expectations . a good book expedited by quality distribution .
ice cubes difficult to remove , but they were shaped as advertised . one tray enough for one or two drinks only .
i don't remember ordering this item but i'll see what the kids think of them . they like building with legos
this could have been so much better . lacking were informative photos on the valley and its historic river . i was underwhelmed .
amazing ! flips in a split second , super sturdy , but . does not close all the way and sticks out .
easy to read but predictable . gives insight into the amish lifestyle . clean and moral without the usual sex and violence .
good story line
suit even as a small was too big for our pet other than the the product met with my expectations
this book was ok but if you are already passionate about education you won't be overly inspired by this work .
the earrings were very cute , but , when i first took them out , the crystal heart fell off the earring piece
cheaply made . want impressed . i was expecting something built a little nicer . it looks like something i could have made .
i bought this after reviewing and buying if it wasn't for you which is on the same album . can't hurt !
kept you wondering just what was going to happen next . enjoyable . would recommend . sending out to a good friend who likes mysteries . ammo
it is salt .
nice product with micro bouncing effect . but no sufficient cushioning for your knee . light weight fits well to my feet .
the bike jersey tended to run small , fabric is rough , sent it back . cute design and bright colors
same as cowboys of florida the content had some interesting facts about cowboys and cattle forming a partof florida history .
does not get back to white after use , quality is to thin
it was not what i expected , it was described as rubber and it is plastic . but it's ok . beautiful design .
slim volume , nd rate printing . small , somewhat fuzzy images of next door lads .
bare escentuals is a good product normally but this trial kit is just too small to enjoy . thanks though !
i have used cheek stains for years . i was quite disappointed with this one , it didn't last too long !
this was a good book . characters were fleshed out . a quick read . you could see the ending coming .
well made sheets that will need ironing after washing but they are large enough for even the highest mattress .
it's ok not realluy see much different
does not match the color of the original headset . they are extremely hard to get on the headset it self .
the idea is great but it would not work me
you have to love david jason to like this movie . it is an interesting concept but underdeveloped in the movie .
a disappointing book . i was expecting something more along the lines of the lost . not really my cup of tea .
it was an alright movie . it was very sad . i was hoping for a better scott baio character .
it was not a bad story , just kind of predictable . i did stay interested the whole time i was reading .
this product is great ! it works well with the rest of the leap frog education line . my son loves it !
this was not one of wilson's best . he is a favorite instructor of mine for nature and the environment .
cute and to the point . nothing over the top . perfect for the price .
amazing product , incredible capabilities . everything looked good until i found it doesn't work with ooma , the voip phone system .
and i would have preferred to pay more dollar and get a couple more extra dots .
not as good as the authors other books .
the next size up , which i tried on at the store , was too large . too bad because i liked them .
it's a stylus for your htc . fits in the slot don't let children play with it .
funny movie !
the story seemed nice . it flowed . however , it didnt leave me wanting to know what will happen in the next book .
the casserole is okay but it was not what i expected . it was just too small for me .
i thought it a wee bit boring storywise . shame
cute but small . if you have a large door then it looks strange .
not as instantaneous
exerciser kept creeping forward while pedaling , made it a little difficult .
i found these essays , musings by this noted author somewhat nondescript . neither humourous nor poignant . didn't really work for me .
no as good value as the fotasy ring but still good
slides around even though cinched tight . this hurts under the arms even on the outside of clothes . wished it worked better .
it's a hammer . i needed one . this works just fine . x x x x x x x x x x
this is the wrong cover it weber recommendsweber stephen prem vinyl coverfor the weber q series grill .
agreeable enough smooth death incorporates melodic arrangements and shows instrumental know how but only pulls off a moderately impressive feat .
washed them a few times the paint is already flaking off and looking worn and used . yes these are plastic .
shampoo works great for me but is waterier than most other dog shampoos which leads to a lot of waste .
good , but not the best of the star trek book . the story lines did not flow easily .
bought this as a mothers day gift . it came on time and she loved getting the ring for mothers day !
looking for a shaver w o the blade ? this seems to do now ! it's pricey for this gadget . becoming extinct ?
i liked that this book encouraged focusing on your goal , positive thinking , and meditation . i wish it had more information .
it is a little oily
very roomy , but a bit wider and cumbersome especially when using public transportation . nonetheless , effective for its purpose and function .
ok wig . i like the way it looks on would recomend as a costume wig . not for every day wear .
the kids had a good time with this game . good for a group to get the laughs going . easy to plat .
i think it should be easier to get the rewards ! i don't even know how to after getting the app !
action packed fun and a look into life most simple problems love friends , imagination , respect , and keeping your word thanks you
too cutesy for me . great concept , just never really took off .
another walk back in time to my high school years and disco time in germany . was very popular back then
doesn't produce as much smoke as the smoke fluid that came with the train ho scale bachmann and smells worse .
i was looking for something more muted looking . so i went with the georgia in same size . much softer gold .
air comes through the nose piece and blows right in my eyes .
really hard to install the directions you cannot see anything but once it is installed and is really sleek looking
my kids in my classroom love it . i just wish it had more characters or the ability to buy more .
the movie is not what i expected it to be . nope , not at all .
a lot of conversation and not much going on . the ending is nice , though . i could recommend it to others .
nice but more for a year old
it works , and does the job , what else so to say about it huh , not much right s s s
love the style , don't like the fit . to small narrowthe color is very elegant , i wish they fit me better
everything i expected it to be . held my pots and ads a little something extra to my kitchen . . .
good fit and fast delivery
this game is fun if you like pokemon . i would think it would be fun if you like pokemon
great product but i didn't work after a week or two so u had to get a new charger .
i had to replace the mini usb cable for the converter to work
this charger works great for my iphone but will not charge my ipad to ! worth the money still
i have the record of uptown rockers augustus pablo and a book from downtown manhattan i , m not interested . thank you .
keeps loosing printer when wireless . works if i plug in but paid for it to be totally wireless , so disappointed .
item seems to have beem repackaged . could be a display model , i played it a little and it worked ok .
the map is good , cheap , but the packaging that came with was crushed and mademany permanent creases in the map .
charger replaces one lost . it charges o . k . functions . recommend as replacement charger don't like having to type in more words .
the length on the pieces was't really long enoughthe quality of the product is very goodwould recommend this product
its ok , don't really like it because its more blow dryer then staightner . i would rather have just a straightner
it's a tad bit big at the top but only because i have a smaller upper body and bigger hips .
it fits . but overall , it felt baggy , a little to big overall . it was too long . not what i expected .
i liked the book , but i really liked the quick service . the vendor was great .
some of the pica do not correlate with the words . each day you log in you be rewarded with coins .
kinds difficult for people like me . seems fun for others though . wish i knew more . oscar category is my fave .
a little too light in weight , soft and only inches in diameter . however , they did help me learn to juggle .
ended up having to purchase a sticky back product to accompany this item . otherwise my phone would not stay put .
cute . its good for this price
although this story is worth watching the acting leaves much to be desired inspirational as the story is .
the conclusion of this story did not hold up well for me . overall i would not recommend the for tomorrow series .
i used to watch these with my kids . i don't really know why i enjoy re watching them , but i do .
were much smaller than i had anticipated but worked out ok once i repaired them after a total collapse . ok
it wasn't as good as i expected it to be . especially with harrison for and brendan fraser , two of my faves
not the power i expected , but it works . my child likes it . saves space , take it to work for lunch .
absolutely love the colors i love the amount of cases for the price . i would recommend . thank you so much .
it was an intersting book it drive you crazy waiting for something to happen . it kept you on your toes .
you can quot just one more game quot yourself way past your bedtime . will either tire you out or wire you up .
good tea and ease of k cups . wished there was a bigger variety but the ones there were good taste
this was fun until i got to level five l went totoy shop it is to slow 's presents .
cute , easy to put on , great for the price . very stylish . i'm glad i ordered it , fits great . i like
i really love meg cabot's work and i liked this book but it wasn't my favorite .
the action and special effects were very good , but the acting was so so . pretty predictable , as are most zombie movies .
thought i would try something new . this item does not work very good . other brands sound works better .
too small for my boy even his weight is within the suggested limit .
the product ripped after one use , and batteries lose power quick , but for one time use it does its job .
it a bubble game if you've played one you've played them all . if you like them you will like it
great viewing . good shots of left veering landings as i understand was corrected after some time . good job . highly recommend .
i bought this as a gift . the person was very happy with the quality of the game .
i enjoyed the suspense and mystery . the characters are interesting . the electronic reader i've very convenient and nicely lighted it' good
but still nice for the price . i used these on my graduation cap and it turned out looking pretty nice .
i love this author and enjoy all his work . keeps you in suspense . a good read for a short story .
fun game that keeps you guessing . enjoyable for all ages . would like more options on category but overall good idea
i loved that book . it was cool . the best book ever . awesome it is beast best nice cool nice cool
there is a lot of good information in this text book but it is poorly organized and hard to read .
awesome cop show fast paceed real exciting it was my pleasure to watch will tell my friends and family soon
a little formularic but a decent read . i found it a bit tedious except for the surprise ending . worth reading .
not real exciting but finished it to the end .
they work well . great price ! fast shiping service ! will be using these at my wedding to help set an ambiance .
too detailed for my taste but civil war buffs might enjoy it .
they were the wrong size , that was my fault not theirs , but they were also broken . the pins were bent .
unfortunately , i had to return this as it would not keep the cookies fresh . great for soups but not cookies .
fun to read not much depth . would read another for relaxation .
i'm still using it , don't see any result yet . but will keep continue to use it . will recommend to friends
the growing using herbs successfully garden way book by betty e . m . jacobs is old and a little outdated .
not bad , not good but entertaining . i like kristen bell . been a fan since forgetting sarah marshall . you should watch .
i like how i can battle other people .
decent quality . worth the price . built better than the one i got for my ipad . this mini version was better .
fit and wears well . jersey type can be worn several ways . the skirt can be hidden and worn with jeans .
poor mic quality and speakers blew from just talking in a week . not worth the time waiting or the money .
great service birthday present for my brother in ny got it very quickly in time for his birthday .
very fun game but poor manufacturing . i had to send the drums back to aklaim and get new ones shipped .
why does he poop i think it is stupid but i want to more birds so i am doing this
pretty good read seems a little juvenile for my taste , but i'm old . it gained substance toward the end .
funny and witty romance . well written . entertaining . loved the beginning of the story . kept my interest . well written . would recommend .
does what it says , but too small for the htc one . construction does seem somewhat chinsey .
i liked the bracelet , but the ring between the dragon heads was cheap . i liked it otherwise . will keep it
this is a great resource for beginners . i have been running for awhile and didn't find it to be useful .
it's not made super well , but it gets the job done .
pretty good book lots of good picture from olympics in here and pretty cool how long the dog torque was
i think the game is fun but it isn't as fast paced as i thought it would be .
expensive for what you get . very small espresso cups and saucers you'll hardly ever use btw heavy , seem tough .
very basic . i've seen some with more advanced information . this seems like old information . was ok with it . not great .
mcc quotes herself a bit in this new work , but it is done with the same old passion .
yep , the shape of my chest is not a natural look but i am keeping the bra . only paid nine bucks .
ok story , interesting twist , but not well developed . it did the job of passing the time when i was bored .
each board is basically the same thing . pretty pictures but your either looking for butterflies , or bugs . same thing over and over .
good layout , but i didn't need it . all of the labs were available online though the instructor .
nice workbook , but disappointing on the way it was organized . the language workbooks are much better .
this nail polish really seems like it had been watered down , as if they poured nail polish remover in it
i like the inheritance trilogy , i have not read these books i only like the movies
chain is too short and i would have preferred a choice of chain length . the charms are good and strong .
i liked the premise of the book but many of the stories shared were quite dull . i love charles though !
this item is very cool however it doesn't work the best outside . all in all this item is still cool .
it's a custom chinese poor quality product . it works , but i think it's not made to last long .
it works ok its just not wide enough for big feet . but for the most part it gets the job done .
strong taste , very gritty . i may try to add to soups .
i read it in french with the help of collins dictionary . it's good but the plot is a bit slow
nice , for the price , but wish it came with a hanging tie . love the color and the wooden handle . yes
interesting story . written for a sequel . possibly . if you like preston and child , you will like this book . worth reading , enjoy it !
its ok but i dont like the cloth
i had to power through most of this book as i found it difficult to really get into this story .
feels grippe in arm and doesn't get loose while running . it hold my iphone well enough while running and workout .
these are awesome jeans they are just too small .
this is an okay inorganic book . does not describe details well . bad book for a beginner .
it's an ok read but there are a few better secret service books out there now .
i like the protection for the board . it still fits in my charging station too .
i would lose them in bed in no time at all , so they could not possibly be effective . sorry about that .
cute purse and my daughter liked it but it did not last .
some sizes good other have not found right things to put in . maybe need to be more wide than flat
bought for my granddaughter . it is coming apart after a few months use .
good initial story but subplots dragged on and too many characters to remember , when your reading a book off and on .
you must buy create an oasis with greywater since this supplement refers to the book often !
too long . dont have any tools to cut it . cant use it until i can find someone with good tools .
i've always liked lela james and this remake is very good and honors the original and reflects her style too .
great , but must like and understand uk thought process . plot moved on . excellent finish . would recommend as a good read .
this dress is a little small , body slightly fat people wear , material is general , not very comfortable . just so so .
its ok . sure not as good as original
entertaining but lacks any real depth to the story . the greek mythology is cool but grows very old after awhile .
i have not used it a lot so i am not able to give an accurate comment at this time .
this turned out to be a bible story that we have all heard and read about times before . o
as with all preschool games all depends on the child , our yr old grandson isn't very into this one
not the best i've seen but better than the found footage types . still recommend my ghost story over this .
seems like he copied not word for word the book by niel strauss the game !
nice looking , but much smaller than expected and wanted . will probably wear occasionally but not as often as had hoped .
titles says it all , worthless if you're trying to buy this for an htc one m . it's simply too small .
it was a short book that didnt really inspire me at all this is my comment for this book
the plastic is thin and cheap looking . the design is really cute but i was hoping for something more durable .
very handy and easy to use . keeps mops and brooms off the floor .
the boots run incredible small . decent boot , but a pain in the butt to return if the size doesn't fit .
sooks , but not good for small spot or shinning site measurement
my little girl likes it . it's just a stuffed animal , so obviously doesn't have educational value , but is definitely cute .
good product , small and easy to carry but storage space is too small just about songs
it did not come with the loader that it said that it came with and the parts are kinda loose .
i prefer sizes to one size fits all . the fabric is more sheer than i would like it to be .
watch band buckle broke . not really to happy about that , now i have to go find a new watch band .
i am using it , and expect to last a year or less giving the less than expected quality . will update later .
this is not a daily help , but a decent reference to understand legal documents and how to draw them up .
it was okay . there wasn't a great connection between the characters . i don't know that i will continue with the series .
we haven't had the opportunity to use this device , mostly because there were no instructions with it concerning programming etc .
not as good as i thought it would be . should have been a couple songs fom roadhouse movie on it .
cant get the hang of it
it's a good beginning app for kids . lots of basic fundamentals used to build up to the next learning levels .
use it to connect my hdmi mhl adapter from my gs to older tv's . works as designed . no problems yet .
i relly don't like it they should put full version on freeif anybody agrees text back . well it's ok .
these hang 'dumpy' looking in our opinion . they look better on a single window frame vs a double .
not the best but you get what you pay for . over all i think they will get thge job done .
i wanted a slimmer cover for my kindle .
looks like it was stamped from a die made years ago . very rough finish , rather janky fittings . it works , though .
red color wasn't bright enough compared to the ones i'd bought locally . the other colors were okay .
it could be a little harder but then im only inth first part because you have to buy the rest . dd
it's good but too deep and bigger than i expected .
program has good graphics but doesn't seem able to keep childs attention very long .
it is fun . but it is just like temple run . i wish there was more characters . it is pretty fun otherwise .
it feels like it was unfinished but goodwhat happens to linda ? what happens to trent most of all ? unfinished
not crazy about the hard plastic on its back . but the kids love it
the converter box seems to be less sturdy than i expected , only able to get about channels with it .
not very cute in person . runs wayyyyy too big . not sure if my son will ever really water them
thank you your a very awesome seller , great information but didn't work for me at all , nothing works for me !
the rubber tips tears too easily
the pendent itself is pretty but it looks fake . i bought a different chain and that helped with it's appearance .
bought it as a gift , not for personal use . so that's what i've heard . not my own opinion . arrived well .
it is an okay game but it has really short gameplay . not worth the money or space in the phone
i like it , but other brand better .
good
nice quality but it is heavy , which makes the tablet much more heavier .
it doesn't have a way to increase or decrease the volume . the button to turn it of is too small .
good accounting of the war and sweet love e s story showing the plight and role of the armenians in paris
i really liked the looks of it , but it didn't close properly and broke . i've replaced it in the meantime .
material could be a little heavier and should be described a little better . otherwise a nice buy from the price .
i think they use fabric instead of hair so it looks kinda fake but they are fun to use !
not as good looking as i would have liked
soles are glued , not stitched . not worth the money .
not his best work , but it will be enjoyable to fans of his other works .
chops to remain enthralled by , though songs can veer close to showy when not transcending traditionalism .
a lot to keep track of
if you like mcconaughey you will like this movie . he is great . too many flash backs , the plot is so so .
the runners' wrist wallet was not a hinderance . light weight and kept essentials together . all in all a great product .
i really wanted the abridged edition . is that available ? i would like to purchase a copy if it is available .
didn't realize they were so low cut .
these were tiny and neon purple royal blue . definitely not the color shown on screen and definitely not medium large
not quite as suspenseful as most spy shows we enjoy . has funny lines in it as well . not bad overall .
just another airbed , nothing special . i would order it again . seen , used one airbed is just like the any others .
the scenery pics they have are great . wish the calendar would have kept that format for all of the months .
movie worth watching . special effects were outstanding . story only so so . not anywhere near my top ten for the year .
this is not a very good tasting tea . it's a bit bitter and did not have the effect it claims .
no problem , just nothing special . i should have been able to get replacement cords much less expensively than this too .
the earrings are very pretty , but unfortunately i can't wear them because they hurt my earlobes , which are very small .
too much gay sex
good acting by bale he played his role very well , . otherwise this was a plain , boring , and otherwise unsatisfying film .
dont want it no more thwsthtwhsyhyywyyrwhb g g g g g g g g g g g g g g
story drags until towards the end . too much background material spoils the storyline . not his usual tight style
i thought this product works just fine but just too expensive for just buttons .
i love tease me and luv'd up is a fun song , but i always skip over everything else .
the waist size on these pants run small so i would suggest ordering size larger than you usually wear
the belt is cool but it doesnt come with any of the pouches that are in the picture .
interesante perspectiva del medioevo
got what we expected and came in pretty quick . adds some color to the phone and gives it some protection .
three fun short stories and enjoyed reading them . i would recommend to any connelly fans for a fast easy read .
works as advertised but way overpriced . maybe come with a few more swabs . use per cleaning . three more words
the watch is good . but my mother didn't like it any more . she think it can be good in the other side .
it works !
the edge is a bit hard .
this gave a quick look at this interesting area . pictures were old and we're not taken recently but decent overview .
i love steve hackett and have been a fan for yrs , but . and months to ship ! outrageous !
wonderful body wash great scent
remote was fine but no instructions left me searching the web for codes for the other devices in my house .
book appears to be well written however it is not for ages as stated . i will be returning it .
thank you , the book arrived in good time and in good shape . we hope to find the information therein helpful .
my grandaughter wanted it . it is a cute game but i would like the games to be more of challenge
was actually impressed with it's results . i did not lose hardly any weight but did see a reduction of body fat .
when i need to distract myself from a painful memory , it is an okay way to continue to distract me .
purchased for my wife . she like them but they didn't seem to last as long as past kayano shoes .
all i can say is that my year old mother is pleased ! if she's happy , then i am happy !
bought a size , my feet must have grown from pregnancy ! i'll be reselling these shoes for an !
love the pattern . the case itself is a bit awkward for holding . i like it for the stand for viewing .
no what i expected rubber case did not work for me but in overall product was good . good for kids .
ok . story . lots of male on male action . not unpleasant but force is used . beware . it made me uncomfortable thought .
jacket is cool enough . fits well . washing well . just wish it was a bit more substantianal in weight and quality .
five different patterns . thet are nothing fancy or spectacular but when you have tons of gifts to wrap they work great !
i'm just not as impressed with the game as i thought i would be but its not a bad game
ok , but i need larger print for my old eyes . got the large print rummikub because of the visual issues .
the gray was was a little more taupe brown colored then i would have liked but it will do .
weaker signal than the longer model , but fine if you are right there near your hot spot . i am not .
this product is good , but maybe sub woofer sound could be implemented on this product .
it's a good book but definitely not what i was expecting . it's a little more vulgar than i would have liked .
this book was pretty straight forward ! it was great to include dancing to the usual routine of weight lifting . would recommend !
it's okay , i will use it for several weeks before i will know for sure how well i like it .
good watch . movie was entertaining . it was good to see sissy spacek and kris kristopherson . i would recommend this movie .
i assume mom will like it since i do not sew and sahe does . sioxe more words it says for
charger and data cable were great . snap on cover broke after a week would not buy that item !
this is value purchase in my opinion . i think it is of good quality for the price , but nothing special .
its ok not that good not very good graphics . did dixie dud did did did did did did did did
slight tear in toy right out of the package . we actually fixed it ourselves . loved the size of the dolls .
i watched about minutes only and didn't like it . my husband watches it so i gave it an okay .
its not as it looks but it works well . no complaints just yet . i'd keep updated if something goes wrong
typical love story . light reading . a feel good piece . nothing you have to overthink . a good beach book .
fine particulate i . e . sanded sheet rock seems to pass right through . however the price is righti would not recommend .
could be a bit bolder or larger writing . otherwise ok . wish it could have been in other colors as well
gee , all the rain we r having i can't watch it grow . wait till next spring , then asked me .
it offers suggestions , but is not really that helpful . i can't say i use it much not that great .
i don't like the feeling ! i'd rather have the whole ear headphones !
really quick . i liked the book , but not as much as book one . book one was filled with more surprises .
i liked the first half but it got pretty repetitive . it did capture maine mill town atmosphere during that era .
interesting perspective on along ago time . actually , it appears the knights had fabulous capacity to heal from countless inquiries
it is very good isolating the outside noise , however it also mimizes the sound from the mp blackberry etc .
ok watch for the price .
the suit fits great . however the mask is awful . why would anyone want a mask that you can't see through .
it was cheap , it doesn't stay online and you have to run the disk everytime you use it . oh well
the book was good and very helpful . i always value suzy gershman'sopinions .
good way to get batteries and keep on hand for those emergency needsseems like we never have the right battery .
worked as advertised , snapped in like it was designed to do . correct oem part . i will purchase this part again .
saw this as a kid and bought it in a nostalgic mood . not very good , but it did bring back memories .
my kid and i , were entertained by this unique an cute movie . entertainin , but no requests to watch again from kids .
it was ok ! maybe not quite as enjoyable as i had expected it to be , but it was ok . d
graphics cool but no way to preview table occupants b joining which is important to bypass all the bingo plyrs .
i love the game but in the campaign its freezes but the multiplayer its good like better than ghosts
i am not a raw foodie but i did appreciate the info in this book .
. but it is much thinner than i expected , therefor the print is smaller than i like . otherwise it is fine .
you shouldn't show the whole tail light assembly if your only getting the lense . i was expecting the whole light .
my son got bored after a day of playing thismy son got bored after a day of playing this
in some of the recordings the singer's voice is overwhelmed with the orchestra . however , most of the songs sound ok .
this game is ok but it needs more options to solve the puzzles that don't cost money . deleted from device
i was hoping for a miracle product , this isn't the one but it is perfectly nice smelling so that's good
very fun game but crashes sometimes and sounds die . would love to see a three dimension version of this idea .
have not used it but it i have to i hope it is as good as they say it is
book was quick to read , different , and interesting plot . wasn't one of my favorite books , but i enjoyed reading it .
i just broke one getting into the car . will give then a second chance so i bought a new one .
this is a piece of foam with bubbles in it . this is not the high tech solution . by any means .
the quality of the product is ok , but it is difficult to adjust to a narrow book . it looks loose .
great safe but instruckions for changing the combination is very sketchy and there is no help number included in instructions
interestng and edcucational forf those interested in dog training .
the costume is cute and inexpensive , however brushing up against stuff causes the metallic coating to rub off the skirt .
just another one of those guy movies . my husband liked it but i could care less .
not very comfortable . the kids will use it more than i will .
had some bubbles that never came out , though it offers good protection of the screen .
not steve millers best . get number . you'll be happier . wasn't too impressed with the best of either . ok ok
not bad for an australian writer , but a bit more excitement in the book would have been a better read .
without the sexual content , this could have been a five star because it has a great storyline with interesting characters .
i remember this movie when i was a kid . it was great to see it again . no issues with streaming .
i'm just hooked on the online version i guess . the mobile screen , cell phone is taking some getting used to .
works great headphones don't operate the best . one side works other doesnt . but overall happy with the product itself . thank you
was looking for something easy to ready on my ipad . good book . enjoying it so far . lots of encouragement for me .
nice , but it's too short for my ear .
excellent show worth watching .
my copy from movie mars had such bad sound that i lost patienceand quit watching .
ordered without going back to see what it was all about . not about food , as i expected . my own fault
great idea , they stick where you want them , but don't give off enought light for much of anything .
cute , but disappointed in the quality of this case . within days , the stones started coming off . would not order again .
some not so good . the oil thing was a ripoff . wish i had my money back . the reviews were not read good .
good game not that hard easy to do and really creative , love it cool fun awsome creative hours of play
works but not well indicator for charge complete hard to read made now in china so not surprizing
very good battery i've only gotten days from it
description didn't say they were in blister packs . very difficult to open with arthritis . i won't order this brand again .
the game is fun but it just takes to long to upgrade and cost to many tokens to get builders .
harder to read and cumbersome to hold , very small print , but did have the information i was seeking .
class is over , but i like the book i didn't have a clue about some of these stories , good reading
this was a very good coffee , but had a very chemical after taste . however , coffee is good with plain creamer .
lovely emotionally charged first song powers this offering by the colombian beauty . at . , well worth the price .
after replacing most suspension components i actually only used the rear swaybar bushings .
it is very sticky . not comfortable for everyday use . it may be good for beach , since it is very water resistant .
the subject matter in this book is a little creepy for me but i've loved the rest of the series !
the size was great , but the sewing was a bit off in some places . overall like the product well enough .
disliked product because even on dim , the blue light was way to bright . it was brighter than a night light !
just purchased . can't . find narration mentioned on front cover . thought i had read product description carefully , but perhaps not . confused .
pros durablepuncture resistantcons very slippery when wet or rockyruns big so x seems like a x , imo
the laser dot is much too large for obtaining proper mirror adjustment . the laser does appear to be in alignment thou .
the book gives you a lot to look at , however i am thinking to myself , are all these apps necessary .
a lot of detailed maps and infovery good info and detailed locations that you could actually use today when diving
no foot support .
was not what i was expecting , little disappointed .
i like the sizes and the lighter weight and thinner construction of bamboo , but these cutting boards warped pretty quickly .
very odd flavor . hard to get kids to take due to packaging . perhaps better in gel cap . like the concept
i have an old pair and they felt wider and more support . will work for use in the house fine .
that is a good book
just okay
lkhjkhljklkg jklhkjkhjkjkhkjhk
area must be clear of trees buildings and did not work when it rained . otherwise , guess it works ok .
it is not the best and funniest movies ever made , but can be watched once no more .
suction pretty good , not what i expected though .
these tend to dry out my face but they work well while traveling
this is a indian reprint rs . original us edition rs . but there's no difference in content .
burgundy is not as deep as pictured . more like a deep red than a true burgundy . fit is great though .
it works ok . had to put new batteries in right off the bat .
you get what you pay for . not too bad , considering it doesn't have a fan .
the beginning was slow . i almost gave up . then it got relly good . then the end sucked . what a whippin' !
the coals burned out fast and were a pain to light . i would recommend the holland quick lights over these .
could've had a few more exciting thrilling parts . but overall good book if you're in to kidnappings , killings , suspense and mystery
disappointed in this book as his others were so funny . this one drags along and not that funny
great with my jeans i just wore them yesterday for the first time , had them for some months now . very clean look ,
not nearly as good as the previous books . the first few were the best as in a lot of series .
the urban sport pink gray daisy flower back pack didn't hold up like i thought it would seams split
kids love it and thats it . not sure how the blinking lights work though ! sometimes it works and sometimes doesnt .
it was what was stated . thanks ! came on time , good price , helped me guide my daughter with other issues re social
it is very good for cleaning certain rifles , pistols and shotguns but not all . i believe this could be improved .
the fabric is this very thin felt and was quite flimsy . lights were good . i wouldn't buy this again . .
the item is a christmas gift and it has not been taken from it's packin
if you have not had enough borowitz this book will keep you smiling .
okay movie , but soundtrack not good . could use the original t . u . r . t . l . e . song by partners in crime , but will keep .
thank you very much for my i phone cases i am so happy with the i like the color
some good some bad compilation of short stories , get through the early ones it gets better as you read on .
works great much better than what came with my camcorder . my wife loves it .
how can this be a star album with no bernadine ? it was the first .
it's ok quality . not very soft and makes lots of noise as you walk
i was it was a little thicker and water proof . also , it's not ideal for a dress with a train .
enjoy the different rooms and challange to find things over again .
the game is good and fun . i'm addict to this game but it threre is some show i don't know .
it was easy to hook up but does not get any louder than the tv already did .
not as pretty and elegant in person as it is in the picture .
i enjoyed the story but it didn't really leave me with any strong feelings about the characters or their situations .
batteries like crazyhdbdbxbxdhdhdhfhfbfjxhdvdhfbfhf . f cc c c f c cb xxx uhh chcbcbcn nchcg bxnv .
the story was great , but to short for my tastes . come on guys i want a full book !
the case looks nice but cheap material because it chipped off in a week and stylist is much too big .
not very slouchy , even after working it in hot water and stretching it . it feels more like a normal beanie .
solid construction , easy to assemble . looks like it will be durable and hold up well to weather .
the multi tool feels very sturdy , but the wire cutters are crap . not a terrible tool for the cost though .
looks like pattern was stamped on . cheaply made ! picture was not clear was very blurry . depends on what you prefer !
it quit working after a short time . this is my second watch that i ordered but i won't order anymore .
rather far fetched and very drawn out .
i like this watch , but when i was buying it , it's written that it has a chronograph well it doesn't !
i ordered two feet cords . both are angled to the right of the plug see the photo i uploaded .
i like the product overall it keeps drinks cold , is made of safe materials , but it does leak .
it's a little too bulky
ok , so far . goes on well , absorbs quickly . feels light on the skin . awaiting results . but no complaints . arrived quickly .
the story developed slowly at first but did pick up speed and was very entertaining . i would recommend it . enjoy !
i bought this book for my mother , she liked it alot . shes very happy with it . recommended
just a little too thick for my texture . maybe this is for someone with thicker hair . gives good moisture though .
have problems getting it started . it hangs on second screen . may finally get running by powering . off then back on .
i thought the quality of the sign could have been better . will display it but was disapointed in the quality .
it was okay .
we thought it would be better than number . kid's would like different game than this one . mediqor game for kids .
thanks for some easy , daily tips . this is great if you dont have time for lots of you ! hope it works !
good but not great .
retractable usb works great with ipods and iphones except the ipod mini product quality is average
better to improve the qulity
there was alot of good jokes in this book , but a alot of them i already have heard . but good .
you can find this product at walmart just for . , same brand and same quantity six star testosterone booster
interesting history . my mother was apart of the histoy . she worked at the store from 's to mid 's . enjoyable reading !
the pictures displayed this as larger and hanging in a garden . i was very disappointed to receive a small suncatcher .
some girl called veronica's zoo is beaing mean help me her id is dragoncity . thanks guys you guys alwes help
the beam is very weak . it is worthless on a sunny day .
holes lined up pretty good on my tacoma pre , but it seems like it is made of light material .
i am having a very hard time getting into this book , it is extremely different then that i had expected !
ghostmasters are covered in seemingly random order . gave broad coverage of numerous players , but little depth and was often repetitive .
to much talking to get to where you need to get to the next scene . would be better with less
this cable works perfect with my blu ray dvd and the samsung tv and sound bar . good price and good quality
im n i ordered medium n its too big for me . i return it and order a new one .
can't wear to the office , church , bank , or grocery . the james' brothers could have used
moral dilemma played out , frayed threads characters and their choices actions all neatly trimmed by the end . satisfying read .
club is okay it seems to be new , did not come with cd or instructions . overall it's about what they advertised .
its ok cuz i can trick my mom and dad so they freak out cuz they really think it broken .
decent read . new character to follow . somewhat run of the mill storyline .
the craftsmanship is beautiful , i wish the chain was thicker and slightly longer , the charm looks bigger in the picture .
this is really only for teachers . i am a student and it really does not help much , so consider that
normally i love spring step shoes but this one made my feet look wide . weird effect . pretty shoe tho .
they were ok .
comfortable . shipping damage inch tear
great for a toddler who likes to kick up his feet in the living room . perfect for watching tv .
other than the belt piece jabbing me in the side which i filed down it was good for the price .
did kirk really say lets go get this sun f a b ! tch ? 'starfleet admiral curseslindelof abrams prequel to star wars disaster
play at your leisure or you can play a timed game . good time killer . tiles get larger as you progress .
it was very interesting
small
good read . made want to read more of the author's novels . want to know what happened in the prior book .
descriptions are longwinded . the actual plot is somewhat basic but slow moving . a lot of filler for very little steak .
stores easily under the rear bench of my truck and organizes all of my hitch accessories with room to spare .
you can get this in dollar tree . i thought it was something different . the picture does not represent the product .
you can't skip a game which sucks because i'm stuck on a game or level and can't figure it out
s'alright
nice stories , but they seem shortened from the originals . portions that astory teller would tell seem to be left out
looking forward to the next book in the trilogy . interesting storyline . easy to read and keeps your attention and interest .
too much magellan and too little on england . luther stuff the bestreadsd morre like a high school intro course
volume is good , but the hold is a bit weak . i always follow up with another spray for the hold .
no real substance . it was a check list of what you need and really nothing more . don't expect solid information .
thanks
good insight to the great author , disappointed by small half page printing difficult to read . looks like someone copied book
trying to find something to replace dr . collins . not sure about this stuff yet .
the image shown was tricky since i thought that the top compartment was large based on the image i saw .
how cool was this book ? answer very cool ! really neat stories that you will get no where else ! thanks wwe
i got . i don't know allot about media storage on sticks cards but where did the other gigs go ?
works some what . what can i say , it works but hard to administer at am when your walking off leg cramps
for hard core fans only . i found it interesting , but don't expect state of the art recording quality here .
this is the only charger i could find for a reasonable price and just wish it had a longer cord
fits pretty well i just don't think it's as bright as original bulb . fine for price though would buy again .
not exactly what i was looking for , but it works . a bit bulkier than i had expected . very durable though .
it's an alright game , ipad version is better then kindle fire versionbut overall it takes up time which is good
pretty easy to install . i haven't noticed a difference one way or the other .
it's fun which is cool but it has the wrong name for tramp along with other wrong spelling of names .
first cd is great but then it starts moving too fast for a beginner .
nice watch for the money .
i bought it for my years old grand daughter . i think it was not for her . maybe for younger kids .
was disappointed that the chrome grill warps under broiler . reckon it should be thicker . other than that it works ok
u wish they sent this to apo'scould work on my guitar then sadness
for the price it's ok not big thing but it goes good for me , they look nice . ! they appear nice
once the gloves get wet they're pretty much over with for that round . but they're very comfortable and fit well .
i don't think you should get this game because you have to buy the rest of the game for . ! iexcl !
good but written in format for not highly educated , missing a lot of information or seems outdated . a little disappointed .
its to easy to find the pieces . kids found them in one day except penny then they were over it .
gave it a three because it does what it say it does but it did not fit my honda c
this item was shipped promptly and was in good shape . i did not like the boot and returned it
this movie was ok . had some really sad parts including shooting a child . not approprite for young children . not even close
it's just an ok wireless router . the setup was easy but the distance range is just ok
these shoes are very comfortable . the appearance of the shoe does not look the same after a month or so .
they arrived within the specified time , last day they were not quite what i expected , but they are satisfactory
the show is fine as long as you don't try to use hd . if you do the show will lag
product was what i was looking for . description was accurate , and i received it within a timely manner . good find .
cool and awesome and shows u everything . , . ycjdjdy djdjdyud jdhdydjsj xhxjjddjhd hdjdj jdjfjf jdidu jduf hdud hdhf hxhd jxjd hxhf
it works for my cable box but after using it for month , it broke ! what a waste of money .
the watch is comfortable , the chest band is easy enough , but doesn't seem to want to work all the time .
extremely well done thriller , most of the way . i wouldn't want to own it , though . saw it on tv .
i was hoping the sleeve would fit a bit tighter than it does . it's not bad , but could be better .
this product was not very accurate for me , even after following the directions . it is a cool looking device though !
a reasonably good game , its hard , i just don't like in app purchusing . graphics are good . great deal for free .
flimsy
it is cite but my cell phone dropped down and the front glass broke . so it is not protective at all !
they are cheap but they workword requirement being fullfilled , nothing else to say on this subhect at allok
for the price its good quality . i like the charms on it
how can you write a book about historical texas women and not mention jane long , the mother of a texas ?
product as described , but didn't work for the chair i had in mind . while a low price , quality not great .
the are ear buds what else is there to say , plug them in , put them in your ears and listen .
not much to this wasn't impressed . my kids were hoping to have some good quizzes or things like that .
it was nice to hear christmas music when i want . the artwork looked a little different on my kindle fire .
bought these for my son but they were too narrow . if you don't have wide feet you may be ok
this shoe runs a bit short . the width was fine but from toe to heel was about half inch short .
it's good . i really just wanted take me to the king . it's not bad or spectacular , as a whole . yeah
it's a nice game . solitaire doesn't need a whole lot . i have seen better though , but the game plays decently .
the shoe fit in length . quality was good . however , it ran wide for my daughters foot . regardless , she loves them .
what i read was fine . i just didn't bother to get the rest of the book . i don't know why .
good mouse , but it is sensitive and low accuracyi like old model that this
quite cheesy , but my yo loves it .
does a good job and easy to use . you'll like it . nice userface with decent options . downloading was easy and quick .
ok as a moisturizer but doesn't do what it claims . not worth the money i payed for it . to bad .
did not use this yet . i just bought it to supplement another hose .
this music is hard to follow . i think it is the nature of the song . but , the music was fine .
definitely order a size or two up . other than that it is sexy and just what i was looking for .
this was a very useful book for the beginning violin luthier with simple instructions and line drawings .
i love it , fav color and everything , i have no problems with it at all , very good product , love it
i'm going to be busy along time ! some things are so simple , but sometimes you forget about the simple things .
confusing operate , and the directions don't help . buttons are not consistent in their operations . performs fine otherwise good sound .
the watch looks good . the display is big . but the strap doesn't match the watch . also the strap looks cheap .
version is about compatible with ms office . for the price it is a good value .
works as promised . as a universal product , it takes some work to install . i would purchase this product again .
like it but didn't do what i hoped . i was hoping it would put more wave in hair
i chose this rating because to of the knobs , high and low speed are malfunctioning . the others are working fine .
shakes extremely bad and is very loud but did work good and variable speed with the diamond bit is nice .
functional , but fleece thinner than the one i was replacing .
i thought it would be perfect for my yr old , it was perfect for my husband instead .
one of the best shows i've watched in a long time . damien lewis is the best . keep them coming please
the pendant is nice , but heavy . the chain is too long for me . does'nt really show up much . it's okay .
the aylio cushion seems to really flatten out after sitting on it for a while . i expected more support , sorry .
it was ok for coverage . made me a little oily . if used with a setting powder , it will be fine .
not bad its an ok case could use better fit and a few more protection features but all around ok
slocum books are way over priced . have been reading these for years . your written reviews have to be to lengthy .
it looks really good there , is no reason to fold it down . not comfortable at all . not to sit in
thios is a great sounding amp great for practice not a lot of volume just watts but great sound
not bad but not the best for my use . could have been my mistake in ordering the wrong thing though
it's a cute game . the only thing is your pick breaks so quickly when your digging . but i still play it
a small handful of good tips but nothing particularly new . honest opinion you're better off reading various guides on tantra
a young girl torn between being loyal and honest finds comfort in loteria to help her remember and expose truth .
works but is messy and not professional wish i had bought something else rather than this product . shop around
its functional and velcro stays strong for about a year . but merely a 'meh' purchase . fine for the price paid .
i thought it was going to be in powder but it is still good i would've preferred it in powder
doesn't work very well with show doors claw tub would be perfect . will be selling .
cliches and stock characters . a slow read . i had to leave it halfway through . it did not hold my interest .
i wish the back had a thicker stand , but this will do if your on a budget . overall good product
got this one for my daughter not nearly as robust as the roku . fewer channels no option to add channels .
u need a code if ur buying it used . you could get codes on youtube for free
easy read but bad guys good guys just get away with too much . ending made it worth the read .
some interesting observations about personal interactions . if in sales or people management , you might find it interesting as a reference .
the book is okay not really my type of reading material but never the less it is an okay book .
pity it is not long enough , when you start getting interested in playing it ends . but okey is quite good .
i have never been to scotland and wanted more info than a directory style book .
its nothing great . i didn't notice anything . it only felt chilly after i was finished with it . i've had better .
the lamp is good , but the tube bulb with it doesn't work , and i have to buy another tube bulb .
marginal quality , compared to the one that encouraged me to buy this one .
this is a great fruit bowl , but it was definitely over priced . i use it for fruit and veggies . good .
i think the academy should take a more powerful antidepressant . more movies with more substance were more deserving candidates .
average
they didn't look good on my face so i gave them to my dad who really enjoys them .
the plot was ok but the story line was weak . entertaining read but not the best book he has written .
there's not much too this we were bored w it . this game mimics the other wii play games ect .
fair product for the money . i'd like to see golden gate produce this product in ebony and precut the string slots .
slow we aren't that happy with it it's cheap but not worth the money . choose some other toaster .
phone case its to small and does not fits my lg optimus phone , this is not the actual side
only lasted six months , then failed to work , upscroll feature stopped working , then whole unit collasped . ate batteries
fair movie
this is a lighthearted read . the humor is woven into every chapter . men would be enlightened by reading this book .
that about says it . the sugar is organic but is not unrefined . prefer the dried cane juice form for sugar .
the plot was good but not complicated enough for a mafia book . . . anyways good book . yei yei . lol
oem is better
okay when you are bored i don't care for the style though . not as entertaining as a standard crossword grid .
it really helped me deal with my grandsons traumatic brain injury and how to encourage him to keep fighting back .
it is a nice t shirt but i was expecting something more than just fine , it looks better online . that's all
dislike self stand feature grooves not deep enoughshould have magnetic closurequality is okrecommend ok for starter case
i ordered based on body measurements and the dress was giant ! i could easily have gone two sizes smaller .
close to jesus i liked the mary magdalene part . i have not yet seen the other sections of the movie .
hard plastic fit ok ended up not wearing but not products fault . but they were cool looking in full makeup
this game would have been percent loved by me if it wasn't so damn meaningless and disturbing . excuse my language .
this book has a good message for college students . i read it , i wish there was more
didn't really work had to use old buttons fro it to work but now works great beware not reallyoriginal
i did not know it was the miniature version . thanks for the motivational book . it can help anyone . thanks again .
does no stick well enough to be secure , does not wick well , but is quite decorative .
it smells weird , and the thing bled everywhere . but hey its cheap . so it works
i like the product but it did take awhile to get working . not for the amateur , not plug and play .
i have a recent owl obsession and this looks super cute hanging from our rear view mirror in our car
i've only had this case for three days and the edges are already starting to chip peel terribly
the dress is beautiful but was too big . if i had enough time i would have gotten a smaller size .
this plant was in o . k . condtion . the leaves were a little brown but its seems that it has perked up .
written in an easy to read format . much of the content was opinion , if right , will cause me much distress .
this can enoungh only for two washsthe filter bacme just like new . but it just enough for twice
amusing for a free app , as with most 'free' apps ads can be a bit annoying but they arent overkill
es un telefono bueno en relaci oacute n costo calidad con varias funciones que son utiles y pueden a ntilde adirse mas telefonos adicionales
the refills are nothing special . adequate , but there are other pens that have a better writing feel and ink placement .
i like taylor's earlier albums , this one is not my favorite . i do listen to it once in a while .
bought as gift , not sure if they liked it or even if it worked .
its ok not like bubble shoot .
there is a th edition now available from the wisconsin society for ornithology . .
painful to watch yet funny as hell
i expect more from this t shirt . i always buy adidas , but this one looks a little strange . maybe the size .
overall this is a good story but mainly a character piece . it is a quick read but a bit verbose .
an easy guide for people with some experience .
prompt delivery but product seemed to split on the leather not long into use
cute !
these things are stiff and run small to size .
hasn't helped my dog with skin problems and it tastes aweful . i'm giving up on it .
for the money it is not very thick !
it okay it don't work properly it don't pick up good it time for me to reorder a new filter
the cleaning cloth wasn't very big to really use . the neckstarp had the end cilp that i was looking for .
very interesting take on this theme . however , the massive amounts of details really should be condensed a strong editor desperately needed .
great read . kind of a let down at the end . very descriptive writing . gripping story and tough to put down .
it gives you the whole body work out
being a miami fan i needed another shirt to add to the wardrobe . fairly comfortable and affordable nfl shirt . recommended .
it is ok
good product , however i am waiting for the student office download information that was promised with the sale .
feels nice , and the velcro connection is strong enough , but , not a choking issue . very safe product for a child .
these are smaller than you'd expect only inches tall , but pretty cute . probably worth but certainly not more .
it's a decent movie .
this is a basic android phone , camera would be better , rest average , wifi and bluethoot good . average phone low price
honestly i haven't used it yet . i'm afraid my screen will crack because the snap only closes with firm pressure
it was all right to me . not my favorite game on my kindle fire . i thought it would be more
short and mildly entertaining not amongst the top reacher tales , but a fairly decent fix for the reacher fan
it came a lot larger than i expected i though it was just a bit bigger it was soo big
this works very as described , when you are within feet of the dog . it quickly loses effectiveness over range .
i bought it for my daughter's school event . it was not bad .
i believe too small for wine charms . prefer larger rings .
it appears to function . however , how can you really know that if is functioning , unless you have a co leak ?
good cover for night . i wish it had the double gusset but it works well for my yr old .
product arrived , just as i expected it . timely and transaction was smooth . good purchasing experience .
i don't know how great these are at sanitizing dogs but the moist towelette does help paws get visually clean .
the handles tend to twist if you are using for anything besides a soft cheese or spread .
it worked great while it lasted . might've been a couple months .
product was good but smaller then expected .
to difficult to remove from case .
this item not provide wall platethat picture is fake oh no ! but function is good
this textbook is just another pedogogical reference that fails to elucidate the complexities of school finance clearly
very spacing music and unusual music . makes you want to float away in outer space cannot understand the words though
the sensor does not last long enough for the price . but it's very effective for the cats when it works
cee lo's magic moment is an interesting mix of yes we know that christmas song and some cee lo christmas fun .
lenses fall out when cleaning , but they go back in ok
this is a great dress for the price and a lovely cut , but i needed something a little more formal .
his language style and opinions are still a bit too authoritative for it to be totally palatable by most non fundamentalists .
great information on what to wear as well as what not to wear . guess my instincts were right all along .
decent , not outstanding . miley has , uh , changed since this movie
kind of lost interest in the story may pick it up again in the future meanwhile , back on the shelf !
doesn't charge iphone g but does play music from it . sound quality . out of
the color wasn't strong enough , a bit messy to use . this is a fair product . i will use it again .
really good sound , the only problem is that they have to be taken with extreme care , they are very delicate .
it is just ok . nothing to be proud of
i forgot i had already read it . will pass it on to someone else to read in the future . thanks
quick late night adult read . worth your time if you like weirdness .
love the ring . always get complements on it but the tourquous has chipped away . would like it replaced thank you
one of the pearls had already fallen off when i received this comb . not the best quality in my opinion .
this was and average book . didn't look as new as i expected it to be . overall it worked in my classroom .
having issues installing this on windows bit , i think my pc is missing something to start the install . .
it is worth watching , nothing spectacular but it kept your interest .
for the price . not bad . but an easier choice would be doc johnsons squirmy . or rabbit . a nifty combo including two devices into one .
too big and too heavy , but a beautiful timepiece , nonetheless . can't see wearing this for any extended period of time .
these are definitely long enough but are tight on top . not good if you have heavy calves . quality is average .
this app has good recipes , but they are limited . also app forse closes . would love more recipes to choose from .
it wasn't as difficult as i would have liked .
worst features no rewind has poor sound quality , and tape sticks . best feature is that it's small enough to carry around .
book is a little slow and hard to get into . i'm not there yet . bounces back and forth a lot
good , but seasons and better . season the best of all three . why are six more words required ?
the party boat won't let me connect with facebook . it hasn't let me connect with facebook a week now .
i want to buy this sandal , but i need to know the size . i hope you answer me soon
fired up just fine but cannot access wireless from my provider . provider says it is an issue with the router .
okay , but not the version i was looking for .
its ok . i like the classic look , reminds me of reebok sneakers back in the days growing up . it fits good .
the headset worked for about months , then started to lose audio out put in one speaker , then the next .
cool looking , but the seams ripped pretty quickly . i was disappointed that it didn't even last half the year .
lots of insight into who , when and what to tip , along with some funny and touching stories . a good read .
it was gift for my nephew
the picture on the package is very misleading the hat , hook , and sword are not included , yet are pictured .
not my favorite book . needed a bit more suspense .
will consider buying again . mats decrease noice when lifting , colors are easy on the eyes , and easy to put together . the price is reasonable .
this was a fun read but every book was a teaser for the next . they all left me hanging .
flip camera died after about months of very light use . bummer . new battery didn't fix it's inability to charge .
nice pants , but they don't wash well .
the product description should mention that each box contains two mounts . i ordered two so now i have four mounts .
i found this book dissapointing , considering that it is reputed to be the usa best seller on this subject .
needs a little more room in the upper legs area and the elastic at the bottom is a little tight .
good quality but difficult to frame as head is very close to top .
egg whites stick and it is hard to control spilling when lifting up into a microwave . otherwise it is perfect .
this pillow is quite gorgeous and artsy in the room however it is also extremely untouchable , very scratchy and rough .
this app us just eh . some of the games are good time passers other are just dumb , nothing really addictive .
expected qualityone of the guitars broke within weekscustomers have to be careful once ice hardens to remove from tray
the lead broke during shipping . if it's possible to sharpen , it's going to be a hassle . o o o o
great track by mel . audio could be edited for a little better quality . high marks for performance , lower for audio .
lyrics are great , but many of the vocals left me hitting the track advance on my player . too too bad .
too many small parts and not sturdy enough for real hiking . pass it by .
i found it very contrived and didn't find the characters very convincing . i won't read any more from this author .
i thought it will be more fun . it is simply not grabbing me that much . could be improved a lot .
a very nice product , did the job , but a bit smaller than i had thought they were going to be .
the book ends are nice but came apart when unpackaging . had to glue the knight's sword back into his hand .
enjoyed the book very predictable . i liked the bad wolf better . like i said the plot wasn't anything very unusal .
a good game , but feels more like it was designed for children and than anything i read suggested .
it was easy to assemble . havent used it enough to judge how useful it is .
only read part of each excerpt because i want to order the book when i have time to read them .
i might have been inserting it wrong , but this was extremely uncomfortable for me and i wont use it again .
this book is fine . doesn't have a lot of recipes . pictures are good . not a real bartenders friend .
best tasting energy bar i've had , nutritious and filling so great for diet and bodybuilding but made in china .
not worth a second watch
onl y play ed on e ro und . not ex cit ing . so unds ar e du ll al so .
great game on i phone , but average on kindle . need to improve for kindle , other than this , like the game . popo
this holster is only okay . it tends to sag to one side when the pistol is in the sheath . k .
a good read . puts you right in there and gives an honest accounting of the physical and mental difficulties faced .
ok
belt is for a huge person as i had to put holes in it
my daughter was so excited to get this downloaded on her kindle fire , but it kept cutting off on her .
easy to read but a little disjointed , but certainly covers many facits of a couples sailing adventures in the carrabean
not strong enought for tv had to return for exchange didn't look all that good in terms of quality
this bag is beautiful but smaller than i expected for daily work use . the material feels a bit 'plastic y' too .
it's good like i thounght , but it does not looks very well on zx r . the position is not good enouth
pretty but very thin , nice color and style but again disappointing because of the thinness of the material . poor quality .
i dont know if this would really work or not i think it's morefor entertainment purposes . kind of interesting though .
they are cute , much smaller than what they look like online but still work well for small children or envelopes .
this book was a gift for my parents and they said that have enjoyed reading it .
. and this cd is great especially the song quot save yourself quot it is beautiful and has lots of energy .
a very short story . i was hoping for more details . love mermaids though , but i wanted more colorful , exciting descriptions .
not much momentum to the story now and becoming increasingly difficult to believe .
so far it seems to work well , only had it a month
easy to read . short story to fill a hour on rainy day . enough romance with out excess sex encounters . good
it was a cute ornament and a nice size , but there was definitely way too much glitter . it got everywhere !
a nice cookbook , good pictures , interesting , but more complicated than anticipated . i passed it on to the library book sale .
the autobiography focused more on his earlier days . i did not learn much about cody , wy . my expectations was misplaced .
nice one
the novel starts a little slow , but once it gets going hold on to your hair . thrilling , mysterious .
i bought this for my grandson . he seemed to enjoy it , and so i enjoyed getting it for him .
i wish it had velcro so it will stay put in the car seat . other than that i mean it's okay
what a twist and turn of events . ready for the next book in the series . really good story line . thanks
very stinky i just set one off in my house and it made it stink for two hours its ok
it is hard to us the scope on the gun . my dad thinks that to . so i can play the round better .
speaker is okay , a much older model . but is okay . i can't complaint about it .
this was a cheap fix for me and i can charge my laptop again with the same time and more
practic
nice variety of songs and tempos . lyrics on a couple of swings are not good .
like the boy short length for shorter skirts , however , leg band is thick enough to be visible under some clothes .
for the few times i need to see the watch battery i am changing worked well .
not bad for a free game . they make you rate it way to early . and it is fun to play .
for the money this is one of the cheapest built tool cases i own . poor case for a great tool .
it seems like motion detection sensitivity has quite a lot of temperature dependency . higher sensitivity at lower temperature i guess .
i play this sometimes . there are others that i like better . its nice to have and play inbetwen other favorites
the product is as expectedthis item is ok , i like iti recommend this product to everybodythis product is acceptable quality
the game works great . too many interruptions during it while playing . i would recommend this game . enjoy it thank you
great story . enjoyed reading it .
the lotion is nice , but i don't particularly like the scent , wish i could explain what it smells like it
while the cd is great , it is missing some songs i wish were on it from the american release .
eh ! i put a gb class sd card in it . it only makes avis . doesn't have much low light performance .
gets kitv , kiku , spanish channel , church channels
it is just okay . the 'ears' bend too easily and the 'uhf' round thing broke after a month of use .
works ok . a little stiff for me but good protection . id prefer an otterbox cover because it is more flexible
cheap , hard to set up . but what do you expect for ?
the spoons are nice but i got mine in metric which i'm just not used to .
but i can't load my bank into it , so it has it's limitations more words required ! ! !
a wonderfull music to relax and to bring your mind in peace , making you feel in another worldto rest complete
having a hard time keeping the suction held but it has served it's purpose since i had shoulder surgery
a little disappointed compared to the other iron man movies . the movie doesn't really focus on him fighting as much .
thought it would be a better quality . it's not solid , but it works . so it meets my needs . good enough
i've read all of keisha ervin books and i have to say that this was a huge let down .
it had a few laughs , but it was mostly just awkward . like clerks if the lead characters were all autistic .
great product for aerating wine , however the stem broke where you attach it to the wine bottle .
great puzzles . paper too glossy . very hardto write on or erase and you need to both doing sudoku .
it did not really fit my battery as advertised .
i prefer a pure piano accompaniment for this piece . simplicity is beauty . i am not a fan of complex arrangements .
i picked book because of the author . stars because it was not up to the level of other demille books .
entertaining , but not overly interesting . a fun story for a cold afternoon with a warm blanket and cup of tea .
great product but they say pack of six . wich i understood pair of sox . good buying option though . recommended
bought item to sell in my store so cant tell you how good or fun it is .
stars because it kind of jumped around . i thought amanda seyfried did a great job on her end definitely !
ok , but this doesn't do much more than the free audacity program that is available on the internet for free .
not much better than us , we know they can't beat you in the kitchen , but show us something different .
i realize i'm not that much into spiritual things . for some one who is , the book would be very helpful .
these gloves seem to be well made . cuff's are a little short for me . overall they are worth the price .
these looked better than i had expected , but they are not stoppers they slide with the rest of the charms .
the belt clip losses its tension after a few months . this is my second one . other then that it ok
not sure it was worth the cost to replace the heads when i am finding razors for not much more .
haven't finished it yet , but plan on it soon , the story line isn't my pick but wanted to finish the series .
very simple recipe . easy to read and have lots of pictures to see . easy to do . it's a very good book
read this a long time ago . good re read . book was in good condition to be as old as it is .
nice gadget , still learning how to use it . compass works well and so far i like how it performs . nicely .
it was the usual stuff written about parents and grown kids . i learned nothing new in this book at all
i generally like every corazonas bar i eat , but this box of peanut butter bars were dry and lacked flavor .
it's an ok game . a little slow and uneventful , but i have played worse . perhaps a good time killer . decent .
it works fine , no leaks but i got a dark redish purplish color .
i love the game , the only thing is we have to keep calibrating the gun to shot right . good price .
a very convoluted accidental time travel story , with decent character building and affair amount of plot . overall a good read .
it is rather flimsy and cheap looking once it is up . doesn't look like picture . i would not purchase again .
however , sizing is an issue . i ordered a large , and it certainly wasn't ! watch the quality with the stitching , also .
this was ok but not what i expected .
this cable works fine as long as you get it in just right . it seems a little loose .
acting by joaquin phoenix was really good , but the movie was just a little too weird for my tastes .
great product but slow shipping
hard to follow . that . is all i have to say . repeat as necessary nessessary nessessary just more words
i think it was kind of funny . my kids like the show and think that the first season was best .
good , price and reasanable rate and came as expected and didnt waste time
i don't use it that much , but it does what it is advertised to do and is relatively straight forward .
the add led me to believe the cow ears were much larger than they actually were . the dogs really like them .
it was good quality but the neck is made like a neck on an infant shirt . not great for toddlers
a few dvd's skip don't like some of the older song's . would not buy again . or recommend . not happy .
heel is cm , so tall , not like it , normally wear the flat shoes , ready to sell the other people . hope to sell it .
i try to install the tech armor apple ipad air premium high definition , just a little bubble on the screen .
gory ! same story line with an old setting . entertaining but nothing new . plus factor . easily understood both dialogue and story
good idea to travel but when you open it is difficult to keep stand up and save without avoiding scatter
there is a good variety of types but not many new recipes . bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
preemphasis set at ms sounds dull on us radios . setting should be ms . otherwise it would be a great value
this is a good loader i should have ordered another one . it is very simple for my kids to use .
bought this product to protect my gps from scratches . i like it would recommend purchasing to protect the gps unit .
good film , but there are a few skips in the middle . great show for the whole fam .
cute for fans but really not appropriate for young children . great concept but poor execution . i had hoped for more .
it was ok , they should have put this movie in the show so everyone could have seen it . its ok
the rubber cover was cheep but works came on time and easy to use . gets kinda fuzzy in your pocket .
light interesting read , basic , light poor typos and pagination , but if you have been to thailand it has some ineterst
probably due to the hard water we have , the replacement time is far shorter than specified in the refrigerator documents .
i suggest buying these movies seperatly from another dubbing company . don't buy this set .
poor quality seams on toes did not lineup . disappointed ! liked the owls but not the material . nothing more to say .
a very good story although it was hard to follow at times because of the different times and different wars .
all the songs are on the movie , so it is the sound track !
this movie keeps you entertained , has a nice message . i recommend it if you enjoy watching any kind of movie .
the spiral stands don't really hold the pizza cones during after baking . sounds like more fun than it actually was .
nice story using a lot of imagination to fill in the blanks of the biblical story of creation .
good but slow . seemed to tell the story of what was going on in his life at the time . ll
needs better updates
the wood soaks in water and takes time to dry out . probably not a daily toothbrush . will not buy again .
it was an interesting concept , for a full moon production i liked ti acting was ok , plot needed some work
good quality but has a funny odor in inside .
the product performed as advertized but my cats refused to drink from the fountain until i removed the garden .
foundry isn't the best at making routers . maybe they'll get it right with making tables ?
a story that has to be told but this is a simple telling . i didn't learn one new thing here .
case is sturdy , but falls of belt clip easily . shipped quickly and in good condition . difficult to get onto belt
not a bad read . third book in a series of three . an expected outcome .
good , cute shoes . ran a little big but they fit . good for all day wear at work . comfortable sand cute
looks great and doesn't add a lot of bulk .
very pretty but also very very small ! this necklace was a gift and recipient loved it and that's what matters !
the lamp was not quite the quality i thought it would be for the price that was paid . it's okay .
the look and feel of this product are nice , but the fit is much smaller than i anticipated . thank you .
highly instructive , and fascinating . being a plaster cast , it's also very fragile .
very light weight . rose color is more dusk rose , not light or pastel , dingy looking to me . quality seems good .
great item despite other reviews . fast shipping and lasted even though children and adults both used these .
pages were printed or incerted upsidedown , and pages were bent torn . my second order proved to be better .
it is nice looking and compact in size two of my requisites requisites but wish it had a stronger signal .
the case is nice however it lifts the screen protector off the phone at the sides which is super annoying .
the quality of metal leaves a bit to be desired , but for the price . its alright . not sure i'd buy again .
hot and surprising . didn't expect this though . i enjoyed the mindless read . not sure i would read it again though
the tips keep falling off
it is not easy to handle , particularly and it is too noicy . when twisting the handle it is not steady
too small around . good lift . straps are slightly uncomfortable after a couple hours . definitely not an everyday bra . it's okay .
everytime i insert it unless i like lucky i feel like i will break the control .
i would reccommend to my friends . keeps you thinking ! fun and entertaining game . just too bad you have to buy levels .
the battery operation is good and easy to assemble but feels like it should be wider in the blowing area
the puzzle configurations were predictable , but they were challenging . i had to reveal letters at times to get the word .
i wish she would get another trombonist . i guess i need to listen again and give it a chance . smeh .
needs a little more detail about the sabbaths and maybe some craft ideas . maybe some artwork would help the children .
left me waiting for more story . lots of action but not much character or story development . there you are now .
for gods sake . make sure your dog doesn't crap in the house . roomba don't care . it just keeps on going .
although the album is just okay , i'm proud of fantasia ! i love without me and if i were a bird !
good guide except that we couldn't find one of the snorkling sites described just by following their directions .
the peppermint is refreshing , but the lotion itself isn't creamy or thick enough to make any difference on the feet .
the opteka provides only a minor increase in the angle width and no fisheye effect .
i enjoyed reading the book on my nook kindle . it was much easier to read this wayi enjoyed the book
me used to play deez tings , but me getty old now , so it just obey kaybe nowadays . adios ! monkey butt !
grate product grate sound build quality has a lot of room for improvements
would have been cooler if kelly and eve made out we all know they're bisexual .
ok for small projects good deal and would purchase if needed in a small project nice glow and good deal
they met my expectations . they're not awesome , or even great , but they're comfortable . more comfortable than they used to be .
communication is not one of this authors best skills . i suggest you try reading some before buying this one .
it's ok . it's long and not really eventful until the end . it took me a bit to get into it
one of the butane cans came with a massive dent in it but the fuel still gets the job done
fume . it . bad . so . don't . lissen . to . them . sooooooooooo bad . a baby . likes . it . it . is . a copy . ofminecraft
takes forever to get tech points . i dont remember the pc version taking as long . it gets boring after awhile
like little pop tarts . i don't see how this line of pastry crisps are being called healthy . won't try again .
lots and lots of information , and good index , but no search options . it sure could have been easier to use .
. does anyone make a mattress pad for a porta crib or cradle ?
well done tribute album worth buying tho i prefer christine's versions .
the flash light worked fine till it was dropped . and it only fell feet on to a padded surface .
this case is cute but does not protect the phone . if i drop my phone the screen with shatter . thx
runs a little larger than average . decent quality construction , but feel of cotton could be softer . overall a good value
its a pretty decent case . sturdy . the mint color stained very fast . other than that , its pretty good .
this book is good enough to get you started . it is the only book that had everything in one spot .
i appreciated the riveting action and clean language . this was my first louis l'amour read but it won't be the last .
st off , i'm a nyer it get cold at night . i keep da windows open . with these slippers no problem
great movie .
as required , suits me and my phone . just hope that this works good enough for a longer time thou
not what i thought it would be . would like to delete places it picked on its own . three more words
not a bad read well written and descriptive . lacks a hero with any personality . but even still a good effort .
i was affraid of a wedding crashers reboot , but i was pleasantly surprised . it was an enjoyable movie to watch .
i purchased this as a gift and it looks to be a little small for a large . quality is fine .
well . its colour is not as light as i expected . and my mac get hot easily . besides that . it is just ok . no other problems .
kind of predictable , but a decent read nonetheless . it's not one i would pick up and read over again though .
this was a very romantic book which had me eager to get to the end to find out to her .
i haven't heard this but my sister in law really likes the lady so i got it as a gift for her .
good light . however it tends to dim at some times .
it wasn't what i actually expected . its an ok product . i actually thought it was a cream makeup . but it works perfectly though
it is not bad although it is too small . if i could i would like to buy a table .
the sleeve keeps the phone protected but it was poorly made the sleeve is falling apart
it is somewhat predictable and relatively well written . good for passing time .
slow in the beginning but grows on you and pulls you in in the end . easy beach read . would recommend .
love the patterns on the t shirt but the fabric is not as soft as i expected even after a wash .
it's really a one hitter . also it's not holding the fluid . it sparks but doesn't light . it's sleek though . thanks
great buy !
only love one song .
i like it but it does not give you enought time to do what you are doing . lolit's cool enought
i enjoyed this book as it had both romance and murder . if you enjoy either it's a good easy read .
it would not charge my smart phone htc evo g , but works fine with my dumb phone sanyo flip phone
love the case , but some of the pink sparkles on the bow were off when i received it . boo hoo .
this plastic sheet offers protection when placed over a tablet screen . however , it peels off too easily for daily use .
i thought this sash looked kind of cheap . problem is , it is not actually cheap . i ended up returning it .
wonderful desings however , all in black and white . i expected more . the next time , please put a note about that .
interesting read , ends a bit abruptly . good story telling in the beginning . strange plot though . quick read which is nice
wish they were a little longer , barely covers my palm
okay but not the best dried pears i have ever had . not real big and juicy acceptable in taste .
love it
was hard to follow at first but don t stop reading . you will not be disappointed . keeps you guessing . surprise ending .
its a case lightly constructed will do short term
the case itself is sturdy but the color peels away after weeks . i am just about to by another case
the new part is nice , however , you better buy because the tabs will break again due to poor design .
the inversion table was just ok , does not flip all the way back so you can hang away from the back
this movie is probably not worth watching , but it is worth purchasing if you are an angelina jolie movie collector .
the good sticky suction padpush to mountthe bad foam not rubber clamp pads , slips on heavier phonesno adjustable tightness
good job catches most hair from going down drain . no installation needed . problem , it is already starting , to rust . robert
if you are looking for a book that is just fun to read this one is a very good choice .
i liked the girl with the dragon tattoo better . the plot in this movie was good , especially with the ending .
not as heavy duty as the one i had as a child , but for the price , it will do .
all i can say that it took minutes to assemble . otherwise its just another kids bike
i think this toy is for years or younger , it is small and the fur is not really good
don't need fancy packaging for storing sd mmc sdhc memory cards . this one is just fine for storing such memory cards .
they have weird and strong plastic smell . the color great and also the design as seen on the picture below .
very well researched . average rating might be just me feeling the events predictable . tackles the issue of overpopulation very deftly .
it does skip a lot and i have used this on my other devices and it works fine please fix
this is a great case and it came in a cool brown leather i had not seen in the stores .
i enjoyed the book . quick and easy read . enjoyed the idea behind the outbreak . good read for the zombie enthusiast .
it is fun but your stationary in the game so it kinda sucks and things are overpriced at the store
good sound but too small for my ear
it's a bit short and my knees get wet .
if you are buying the colored candy do not need this . the colors are redundant and serve very little use .
a hyped up novelis it as good as they say ? not quite , but not bad
they're good , but cheap . just a fun pair of panty hose for a costume i was putting together . i'm happy
not a lot of time to play without having to buy more time . some of it is pointless . stll fun .
the entire book was good , however i really disliked the ending ! jodi picoult is a great writer . overall good read .
it's an okay book for a fast read .
this is a book about the vought f u corsair and nothing else . i expected more . a quite nice reading anyway .
cute but doesnt work all the time
these will work , but not sure how long . they seem to be of a poor quality . would not buy again .
its fun but wish it had more games for the kindle fire . that's the only reason i took off two stars
shoulders , chest , etc . fit fine however , sleeves were too long .
i love the game , but being asked every five minutes to download one of their other games is annoying .
sweet little hand sized speaker . great for tunes in the garden , or camping ! bass and volume could be improved .
i thought they would be a little bigger then they are , the wood was nice .
not as expected . the small fits like a medium . not that happy with the fit . good luck to the rest of buyers .
it took a bit of time to get into the movie but it was interesting to see the characters develop .
not too sure how to use . haven't caught anything yet . we have hard soil so it was hard to bury .
it's a good overview but not enough detail for me . i eventually went back and bought a more detailed guide .
i got this for my cookbook and its a little small but ill manage with it . its cute though ! thanks
the interviewer was too interested in the personalities of the trio to get much into the content of the series .
this item was not to the high standard of regular corningware . seemed like a knockoff , ie . plastic handle on lid .
its way too big . it made my entire head the size of a beach ball . i was not expecting that .
not quite what i was expecting
this is a fun game , and it works good on the playstation . good graphics .
quality is ok but i was expecting betterit's small not useful for big money . . . .
i gave them to my daughter . i think large means medium
not his best character , in my opinion . i would rather read creed , box , or emmit . mildly entertaining . luckily only .
the package was missing the third brush left hand side medium brush . disappointing . didn't anyone check b shipping ? very disappointing .
it is ok . the top kept popping off . and it irritated me a lot . so i do not recommend this .
i am facing software bugs and frequently it shows a blue screen and the pc must be restarted .
you get what you pay for .
it is a good purchase and a good product , however , the keys are a little too close for my fingers .
it's an ok game . some people might like but some people might not . i don't play it very often though .
the sole cracked in the middle after months of wear . i can only wear them when it's dry outside
will stop a leak for awile . make sure and clean surface before applying read instructions
thought it would look like but really it's one . quality okay nothing special . probably wouldn't order again .
it was ok . i expected something different with the ending .
good quality shirt just too small . would love it in a larger size but not available . better luck next time
this was ordered by mistake , it was not what i thought i was ordering . it was returned . no further comment
read some of it and tried to share but the other men didn't have time to read one more book .
we made the purchase based on the photo of the girl riding it but it is smaller than photo indicates .
compared to downton abbey , it's only okay . it's a bit overacted , but i do watch it every week , any way .
the ipod itself is perfect . original wrapping , great condition , etc . the port cable was broken though .
quality is ok but not great . it's for our grandkids bathroom and matches their shower curtain . product is very cheap plastic .
it was entertaining but not one of his best . some ideas were far fetched and ending was weak .
historically informative but also matches events from the bible . did not care for the explicit routines of all the emperor's .
product is great to look at . nice size . very thin . chipped the first time i used it . not worth buying . cheaply made .
it is really cute case but my iphone slips out a lot . . very easy to take on and off .
not a bad read , found some words misspelled , had a twist i didn't expect , a fairly good book . a good mystery .
not as much compression as i was hoping compared to other products . but definitely easier to put on when traveling .
he is funny and fun to watch , even if he is crude . it is easy to watch . i recommend it .
the band is the size of a mans wrist . it will cost more money to fix the band to fit .
it's tacky , yes . but . fun in some ways . worth a play or two , check it out .
the quality is not what i expected but i will use the product anyway to protect my hair at night .
not bad for a free book but recipes are always better if you have a pic of the finished product .
i hope it's okay , as i have not gotten around to reading it yet . i will soon , trust methanks
worked as advertised , waterpik cordless flosser came with plenty of jet tips , but it is nice to have extra ones
this product protect yhe iphone , but qhen you need take off the case from the phone is a litle difficult
i'm happy with the facial flex , but the little elastic bands break every other day , as if they were old ?
nice sweet . a good fast read . i am glad it was free . i would read more by this author
this does work . i thought the tape would be stronger . this product gets the job done for light weight items .
i wouldnt have bought this except it was a required book for a required class . not really what i expected .
book got better as it went along . made me wonder how many forgeries i have viewed in museums . oh well
stars as i am just supplying info on date of publication and that seems to be the consensus .
im ft inch and weight . and it fit too large . the ankle fit loosely and it was baggy .
good product , fits perfectly my subaru impreza . i . chips easily but pretty solide for aluminium forged lug nuts !
well written but short , length of story cut out character build up and ending seemed to be a rushed decision .
good item but the pieces incomplete for easy assembly
i recommend sizing up to avoid that not so cute line around your waist . i really like the underwear though .
the sunject is a very actual one . robin cook has avrey good way to write novels .
learning about the critical parent and the nurturing parent were helpful concepts . the rest of the book was just ok .
seems a little flimsy . bows in middle if there's a little pressure . seems like a not so hard , hard case .
can't give an adequate review as there are pages missing from this book ! some recipes have missing ingredients and or instructions .
i enjoyed reading the funny insults , though i have heard some of them . worth reading putting them to use .
she's a sassy redhead , he has anger issues . didnt like how shallow he was portrayed . but the story is sweet .
since the lenses that i would really like to get are currently out of my price range . one more word
looks good outside . i need to tape it down . otherwise great .
these are solidly constructed , but provide less arch support and less breadth over the instep than my wide feet prefer .
it was really small and didn't look anything like the picture . was disappointed . but i'll still use even so . on well .
pretty good for a first book , i enjoyed it .
ordered medium , may have been a mistake they slip off my heel . maybe a larger size would have stayed on !
definately visable , however , very funky looking compared to other cards of this type . a little confusing too for some people .
i thought it was a good enough book . i used it for class and it was interesting . was well written
i'm a big fan of mr . ulsterman's writing but i just couldn't get into the story .
the movie is good but the stream is very intermittant . it plays for about min and then stops playing ,
this was a fun book to read . i used it for journaling my scrapbooking pages from our visit to ireland .
i'm on my third oz not as good as i expected .
they work better with a pant suit , not dresses , they were a litte large for a size . my opinion .
the sequins are in the weirdest place , but it is a nice dress
box was busted . frame bent . but we still kept it
was a gift for someone who likes condimentshe said it was okay , but wouldn't order again . he will finish it
great game but you have to purchase too often not fun . more options to win . addicting if it would last .
go with the simplyvibe for half the price and better quality . i would definitely not pay that much for this .
not as large as original ! because that one is a real tupperware plastic glass . but this will work for kids .
a bit too small
not as good as i thought it would be but will be handy to travel with . easily cleaned as described
its ok but one headphone on the right is hard to hear out of . the other is just fine .
liked the story . . ending was not what i expected !
this is fierce stuff . i recommend that you be prepared for the chemical invasion that comes with your solid surfaces .
the cord still breaks away at the phone charger end . if you don't bend very much it may last . word .
physically , this cable is fine . however , if you have up to date firmware , your apple product won't accept this cable .
caution , this is just a line that goes inside a bag , the grey bag in the picture is not included .
i asked for a . and got an . i'll keep them . i'll make them work .
interesting . show rivers and jungle scenes of the beautiful country of cr .
i was hoping for something a little more classical sounding . this is fine , but more pop than i had expected .
these are okay for the price i paid . i will probably get a few wears out of them . cute earrings .
didnt work for what i wanted
hoist works , but pull chain has a tendency to snag . a minor irritation in my case .
the shoe fits well . it could use a better arch support . they work , and they look nice . thanks for asking .
great idea but not high enough for my pillow top matress
what else can i say it's a skin case for a phone . it does what it's supposed to do .
it won't stay together unless you glue every joint together . then it does the job . kind of flimsy . just okay .
this album was meh . this only song i really liked was damn good times .
kinda cool i get to watch all the old shows with my bpys they like it . love it enjoy it
its entertains me but i wouldn't let my kid play this game . eventually it gets boring from all the waiting !
not minutes my finger started to turn black and green around the ring . other than that its nice ring .
don't really have any comments at this time . i found it difficult to win a game . that's my cents .
didn't work very well for me on a deep hook but it definitely did attract some catfish not bad
ok for the price , but still kinda cheap product . sounds is not that great . buy a different set .
not too shabby of a stand alone story , can't wait to read the next book in the series . two words
only complaint is the keyboard can't be used when it is in the case .
i thought there would be more life lesseons addressed from her adult life as a mother and wife .
it lack some techniques . rest of book was very interesting . need more pictures of how to perform massage in detail
just the right size for the pieces i have to hang on it . hangs on just right on my neck .
i had to modify the mount i have but hopefull it will do what it's suppose to raely more words ? ! ? ! ?
it's ok for the money . looks very cool . moves along . aa battsmore power is always nicer ! decent value for the money .
nice little story , just as all gardner stories . looking forward to finding new stories and following her work . great author .
it's a little easy a little cheesy and a bit breezy . bang bang pokeem go pokes chitty chitty bang bang
this is good for someone who is looking to foray into the paralegal world . great and informative book for beginners .
this item work well at about the same as any brands on the market at about the same cost .
they are ok , but thin . i had hoped for a really comfortable cushion . other than that , they are as envisioned
this is a nice play set for children . got this for my grandchildren . it makes playtime in the bath fun .
have to figure out how to attach to stationary bike . will update at a later time . four more needed to
it is nice , just much heavier than i wanted . i wanted something a little lighter .
it had a couple of buttons that were slow to work . but for the most part it works fine . thanks
this is a translation from an ancient text . the notes diagrams tables could be more complete . different interpretations would be a great asset .
item was dirty , also , picture showed remote , but did not include one . but , the stereo works and sounds good . word
it's interestingjust started reading the booki think this is going to be a good or great book '
the story was great but the book was very dragged out . overall though it was a pretty good book !
i don't like that it keeps badgering to get hints and tries too hard to lure prop to gambling sites .
dogs get used to it . i think it needs stronger stuff ! what about a little vinegar ? are radio systems better ?
the rubber base protector is so thin you could spit through it . thus is has already torn . antenna works fine
works pretty good
does as described but i had to go down a size . good overall . would recommend this product to anyone .
not the best leggings out there but def . not the worst . a bit thin imo . i wouldn't buy them again .
red is looking like purple maroon , and look almost the same as orange . purple and blue look almost the same .
it's ok it's ok it could be better i don't get it umm yeah they should have made it better
aside from the weird smell , the product is true to its color and can hold my mac air and charger .
if you have long hair , not the necklace to have . it constantly snags my hair . it is very pretty though
it was okay but it could be a lot longer . but other than that it was great . very funny book
these books are fine for the year old set . definitely not classics in the making , but not completely intolerable .
this game is fun , but it can get boring quick . it would be better in color . my kids can play it .
you don't realize how much you use a measurement until you don't have it . i haven't had any other issues .
this cd reminds me of black sabbath . a little hard for my taste . but constantine has potential .
i used this to mount my lg tv on the wall . pros easy to assemble sturdy lightcons does not provide much tilt
simple , but ok . decent quality . a neat item to make meals more fun . eggs make every meal so much better .
disappointed too much running around and a bit unbeliviable , all in day . clues in all that artwork
it's a fun action packed teen adult movie . when you need to laugh , this will do it .
glad they were on sale . couldnt think of spending for these . though still good but a little cheap .
i am waiting for my xl size dress . thank you .
leg was so big i felt a sense of modestly doing floor exercises . i could have been wearing a skirt .
from now on , i will only purchase games . the advertisements are extremely annoying , the game itself is fun and challenging .
dry history book that contains little that has not been said before . lacking in analysis of events .
the discription needs to be clearer on what model this is for . bought for my wds and they didn't work .
cheap light but cheap price too . we will see about the longevity . not part of my collection , toy for my boy .
it is a good scale but unfortunately the intended recipient has a pacemaker which precludes him from using this scale
a little smaller in size than the womens style , and the strap is definitely looser . still super comfotable
i really like it . it was romantic and cute but kind of short . easy reading . can't complaint for the price .
before the baby had a chance to sleep on it . otherwise nice fit for the mattress and feels decently soft
my wife seems to be satisfied with the tree , and that is all that counts , it appears to be growing very good
the design on the front does not line up or match with the bottom . it is upside down .
this doesnt take a standard bulb so light output is very limited . not functional as lighting just fun shadows !
i know it says munchkin dora bath squirters but they are really small . they get lost in the bath tub .
our light quit working within weeks , it eats batteries anyway , and both our babies prefer the much more durable slumbertime soother .
not bad at least still working , brings out a good and bright colors . i will recommend to anybody good buy .
not a great movie , but its interesting .
this book was okay , i probably wouldnt suggest it to anyone . it just seemed a little boring to me , ?
i have not finished reading this yet but will rate again when finished with it cannot fully rate this yet
i expected a similar game to the one on facebook and this is not the same or similar at all .
not very large in real life . little misleading . other than that minnie is holding up good . my daughter loves both .
if you like gangsters than this book is just for you . its a ok book nothing to write home about .
color of the case became dark purple around edges making it look dirty and faded within a couple of days .
order a bigger size people , the material is see thru and is very itchy from what my husband tells me .
too complicated for my special needs year old son .
i am satified with this product . i was also very satified with the amount of time it was shipped to me .
not sure how well it works , but it does cut down on static . i'd recommend this to anyone . great buy .
earth to dandy warhols is not up to typical dw speed . what were they , on drugs this time ?
they movie was so so , watched it but i kept waiting for that moment to happen , special effects were good ,
i wanted large print and got small print
but when the battery dies , it really dies , and nothing but at batteries plus will make it better . hmmm .
toilet time can be fun but also very innappropiate
i have used them before and they may work . i'm still not sure . maybe dr . oz uses a different formula .
good book if you are interested in becoming a project management . very detailed but easy to understand and relate to .
very well written . very dark . the writer has a great imagination however the story can easily led one into despair .
it didn't work on windows as stated in the description . but it did work on windows xp for me .
expected a ceramic type magnet . these look like a piece of magnetic linoleum with a sunflower picture on them .
for women's earrings a little on small side and seem weak in structure otherwise very nice appearance worth the money
its okay not thee best screen protector i have had but it does do the job for now . thank you .
this is a great addition to my classroom for students who have finished their work and stay engaged in science .
i really love the style but i could have used a large in this jacket when i usualy buy mediums .
not sure what i was looking for when i purchased this book , but this wasn't it . it was just okay .
i need to know if it is a classic towel or a fast dry towel ? ! please tell me abour that . thanks
somewhat antique nowadays .
good in theory . leash gets caught on small rocks , tree roots etc . it is heavy and gets tangled easily .
this is not their best . african holocaust , earth crisis , and state of emergency are .
zipper came of track within the st week and cant get it back on
the buttons on the front are not very useful , and one of them actually fell off after the first use .
started out way too long but they shrank a bit after a few washes and i'm content with them . sometimes .
did not watch this dvd , but did view it in france our daughters , entertaining but would not watch again
interesting arguments with an appropriate weight to case studies . additional notes are entertaining . underlying message clear and an entertaining read .
i prefer silk , but the fit is no excatly to my size . but silk is stiff and uncareness the body
found it little slow but it was ok . not much mire to say but they want eleven more words .
this was well written , just not what i had excepted , however i realize this was fiction .
not a big fan of this series .
couldn't find one to fit my tablet but this will do for now . good case for the money .
boots are fairly comfortable but the sole seems too thick and they look cheap made .
some scary scenes but no bad language and overall some good themes such as helping each other out , perseverance etc .
i thought the badger logo was lacking in quality . an embroidered one would look much better . the styling is great .
book didn't get started until the last chapters . the writer had an odd way of writing his words . yes .
small and cheap looking . refused to give them as a gift to any adult because i would have been embarrassed .
i've played this game on the ipad and iphone . seems so much better on them then on my thunderbolt . why ?
the texture and design pattern are great ! although , in a short time the small beads began to fall off easily .
i mean it looks okay . but not really good
it's a decent book , but the graphics could have been a lttle better .
did not completely download as some of the pages are only showing one word or just letters of one word .
it works great and saved our machine , but the price seems a bit high for what we got . still happy
i thought it would be like a dark maroon but it's not . just pink and a darker shade of pink .
the product is sized small for a man and the material is thin but it's just what i need .
barry bonds is still a great guy and so many ball players did steriods so big deal !
my size is . am . it is too small for me . i think i should buy large size . product is good .
these dockers pants signature d , are suppose to be straight , but they are too baggy , bigger than expectedregardshector
had to watch , just to see why brad pitt would do it . it wasn't half bad . just a strange movie .
it was an easy read but it was sort of a spin off of janet evanovich but not as good .
i like it and will watch it again . it is a little boring . need to spend less time being silly .
it was cute and a really good case .
the pillow is much smaller than it appears in photo . it's the size of a couch decorative pillow .
got the glider easy to put together finish was not the best , but ok . looking at maybe painting the item .
decent . the characters are ok . i don't like how the book switches between modern times and before the revolutionary war .
i would say the ingredients are top notch , but i could probably get a cheaper capsule with the same benefits .
thes lighs were a whole lot smaller than i thought they would but i guess they will do for now .
great game ! very entertaining . played through twice and seriously considering another go at it . loved xiii .
it was very cute and i think they are very easy reads ! i would recommend this book to children .
you can use it for at least months if you take care of the case's side leather good enough
there's room for improvement . i've been using quicken for many years and upgrading every years . it should be easier .
not as good as yr ago
cables are way , way to rigid ! they do not flex well at all . but not bad , at least there durable .
bought one of these books for each of my family members and one for myself . thus far all positive reviews .
a basic luggage rack but nothing special . came on time and works i am sure . have seen nicer ones before .
i didn't enjoy it as it seemed to be unnecessary politicized toward the left extreme .
the sock not look as wonderful as picture . product is ok , but feel like overpriced .
i treid it . it is very nice for bady . i think my baby said l love it and thank you dad
not as great as i thought it would be
nice product but set screw comes loose so needs to be tightened frequently
wrong book these are for the east coast icw chartbook not the intracoastal waterway chartbook miami , florida to mobile , alabama
this is a funny book and i recommend this book ban pow boot born m m n n n
stay on wall longuses a ton of batteries . too much money to buy and replace batteries . it is cute tho
good rock with that gragae band feel . nice harmonies buried in back .
it's slow and did not always worknext time i'll buy the apple brand . i bought based on previous reviews .
this product is smaller than the picture and it's price leads you to believe . it is smaller than a baseball .
but , not bright enough for even the smallest application . might be great on a plane , or very small environment .
it is an okay product , we just need to fill out the card to mail and get the butterfly larva .
a cut above for the characters , plot and medical history . fortunately the love scenes were brief and did not detract .
very very very cheesy but it was a good quick read and i am still glad i read it today
i can notwait to wear the pendant . just haven't found the right scarf for it yet . sure to soon !
plugs are plugs . been using them for years , replace them annually , and they perform fine . good product for the money .
i received this merchandise in a reasonable amount of time . would buy from the seller again .
a little to loose for my tablet
i usually go with a large , but with past experience went a size bigger . still not enough . live and learn !
i could not get interested in this book when i first got started but it did get a little better .
well , it's ok . a bit funny . just take it for what it is and you'll get a laugh or two .
it seems to be helping , not sure yet . will continue taking product and monitoring my activity and weight to see .
the dress itself is a beautiful gown , however it was larger than i expected . the dress is also very heavy .
btnhresurrection is full of feel good tracks , it's one of my favorite bone thugs albums , but overall it's average .
first time my son used it , it clogged . i was really disapointed . and plungers don't seem to work on it .
the design is good but it is just too heavy . i also bought huel h and i like it more .
fit o . k .
hard to tune in . the action is a little hard , but alright for a beginner . bought it for our grandson
the infuser look good . i haven't yet tried the infuser . it comes with only the infuser not infuser and mug
nice read but i was expecting more explanations and less on the common sense and drumming tutorials . i'm all set .
cute but it runs small so order a size medium if your child is a size .
not a work of art , but functional . i thought this switch was backlit , but it is not . easy to install .
the gnomes have a dim lighting to them . very cute . but unfortunately , one of the pieces did not light up .
i accidentally ordered gel pens instead of ballpoint ! my fault !
not too much confortable , bother in the front , not to confortable to walk long distance , but are beautiful
you get what you pay for and this is nice but could be better you get what you pay for .
nice . surprised even use the end of knife to crush nuts spices etc . good value for the price . looks cool .
the material the manufacturer used for the cord reminds me of an outdoor hose that twists and kinks . sorta creepy .
toilet humor . fun for all ages . my kids will get a kick in the pants over it . fun fun fun .
cute . small for my liking .
good game not able to connect with facebook but i still like it . good bots and action . fun fun fun
unfortunately , too small for my size . feet . ordered based on other reviews . good looking shoe , well made . returned without difficulty .
i liked the first one best . a good ending . i am glad it's done now . a good story . goodbye tris .
the best christie bio i've read so far . more in depth , not so much fluff .
it was ok . the bright blue turned dark blue after wear . other colors were shown . no stylus pen . fast delivery .
i think this toy is great but instructions manual is terrible you can understand nothing . product arrived on time . thx
historically , very good movie . it is not an action movie , it is more a drama movie . anyways i enjoyed it
grat for single guy . my only grip is cost should be or , each max convenient easy to heat
nothing fancy about it . wire mesh looks durable . i have it in my bathroom with my accessories , no complaints otherwise .
razor hanger too short . my safety razor wont hang because the hager is too low . other than that , it's fine .
expensive you need a ball front sight to slide it up to
too many of the songs are so repetitive that they get stuck in your head not in a good way .
this is the dvd game stop was giving away when you pre order true crime streets of la
this was a very cute quick read . it was a little short for my taste , but overall a great story .
a very long build up to a very predictable and unimaginative ending . story needed to be developed a little deeper .
cute t shirt but material is very , very thin . ok if you wear a tank or something else to layer under .
monica mccarty's the recruit fits into the series quite well . overall it is a good read and quite easy too .
this series is terrific , but this title is a tad disappointing considering the possibilities .
the headphones perform the task , sound quality is not as good as a wired connection would be
no bad but drags on a bit .
wasn't as nice as it looks on line . doesn't fit all sizes . the price should of been the clue .
short read . a few good suggestions to help improve brain functionality . seemed more like a college essay than a book .
when it works it works great on the kindle fire . but can never tell when it won't work . that's that .
fell apart at the seams after the first party it was super cute but no running in it
really i don't like monster high dolls but my little girls love them , so it's okay with the dolls .
it's a bit noisy when on the high setting , but it does work and decent price . it's nice for bedrooms .
if you have wavy hair or hair that's not totally smooth , then the fiber is a better ones to use .
on a nice ride through two countries . enough interest to hold . you waiting for the next curve in the road .
works okay but the collar could use some engineering .
can't wait for the next book look forward to finding out about the super race of people in the tubes
this was a gift for my daughter . she thought it was brown camouflage . others have mistaken it for such also .
they're ok , not what i think of as a jawbreaker , not a lot of flavor , with a sour crumbly center
would rather have the single packets that can be spread around then use a box that contains so much product .
this story was interesting because of the imagination of the author . the future doesn't look that promising for the survivors .
i found the book very interesting , with the many historical incidents tied together , but the reading was less than scintillating .
it breaks easily the belt clip that is
it didnt fit as expected . somewhat loose , extra broad in hip and chest area . danskin works much better for us .
hard to readthe reading is ok but hard to get into . don't care for books that take that long
great graphics . fast action . good bonuses . many games to choose from . big jackpots . bets are high and payouts 're low .
this was a pain in the ass to put together . my studs were too far apart for a x tv .
enjoyed this read , like character leo waterman , but not the greatest as of yet . recommend for quick fun read . shalom .
not thrilled with it , the top is not comfortable or nice material but other then that it's good
so far so good . haven't quite gotten into it hopefully it will pick up pace and carry on no snoozer
after looking for a good price and quality , finally i found this , i feel good and it's what i wanted .
not pleased at all , too many off letters like z and x and k not enough vowelsshe dont like
works ok but be careful on painted wallboardbe sure to follow directions completely or you may tear open painted wallboard
great shirt , love the material . has that slim fit look and so soft . would definitely recommend it to a friend .
the tiles really should be thicker to accommodate pushpins . three eighths of an inch probably would have done the job .
and he thoroughly enjoyed it . has watched it twice already . for me , a little boring , but the men love it !
they are ok speakers if you are looking to fill a x hole , for a better sound spend some money .
i am a d , which i purchase however it fits like a c . the cups are too small . so so
the pan is very lightweight and feels a little cheap . it's not suitable for heavy rye or whole wheat breads .
just ok but not really worth the read in my opinion . hard to keep interested in this one throughout the book
because this was for my grandson i didn't open it . i haven't heard that there was anything wrong with it ,
cute , but if you're looking for something to protect your phone , than this is not the case coming from experience
need way way to keep this stuck on sofa . probably some string that could be attached to sofa frame !
it doesn't stay setting position as the picture presented . keep falling to sides . so i just left it on shelf .
very good quality of music . just that the fitting is weird . i am still trying to get used to it .
they clean well , but seem to lack the automatic wear indicators found in genuine braun brush heads are they counterfeit ?
this iron is just ok i've purchased other flat irons that's better . but i do luv the red pro .
seems to work okay . good price .
interesting read
smaller and much more fragile than i thought , but pretty
this was sweet story , it had everything . it showed nicer size of life , there very little whining . this is enjoyable .
this remote work's ok , with my late 's mitsubishi '' tv . note my picture and picture will not work with this remote .
for better performance buy the usb wall chargers
like words and she's ok not sure its going to be a hit but its ok . not on radio yet
story ok . weaves information into previous novels . too short . very large print . dissappointed in this book's length , or lack of .
not bad for the price . stays put on the frame and holds enough stuff . maybe a little overpriced .
the quality of the item is good and the image is also acceptable , but it does affect the wifi internet .
warning , these gloves fit my wife perfectly . if you are a guy with small hands you will be oknice materials
i wouldn't have gone to the theater and seen it but it was worth watching it for free on amazon .
this powder works okay , but i think syntha gave better results , tasted better , and had a better consistency .
the album few hot tracks from nelly , busta , jay z , nas and more but the album could had been better
i honestly don't even remember buying this but it was in my list to review ?
purchased for father . not really what i am into . to each his own .
one knife was ok ! but second was with a small defect , had no time to exchange it .
a good textbook for university students . for pro's , the book lacks a touch of ingeniuity .
ok . good . book was free . are the others any good . good enough to buy ? could have done without the terroriststuff
i should have looked closer no padding , causes points !
dress was nice , although had lost threads and much of the sequins had come off probably due to shipping mishandling .
add read forty two tubes of rainbow pigments what came is three sets of sixteen colors i was very disappointed
i don't like micosoft's proprietary lock on this computer's operating system . third party software won't install only microsoft products .
they are nice but smaller than apperedneed measurements to go with those picsthink i should stop buying jewelry online
fun , easy read , but not as good as later books the story line too absurd the ending not really plausible
sizes run small . you must order at least one size larger . don't put in dryer . otherwise quality is worth it .
the bottom material is pretty thin . toenails go right through it . if the dog scratches it . it rips it
they fit but i just felt i needed little more room in the toe part i order a size
i would've like to see more pictures in a board book for young kids . they should definitely update the graphics .
very soft , but very thin . afraid it won't last long . fits well , feels good , hope i am wrong about longevity .
very information but not exactly what i needed . it covers a lot of information
book was a little more used than expected . one page taped . overall though glad to have it and entirely usable .
watch stops . not happy with it , yiu have to keep watching the seconds . looks is great , material is great too
i need help in installing this printer . problem is with its telephone connection in conjunction with my computer , phone , etc .
really great and steamy read but quite short . no more then a hour read . enjoyed the entire erotic collection
liked the movie
i think if i try to use this , it will fall apart . that is all to say blah blah blah
good story but too much back and forth conflict between anne and her man . that made the book too long .
fair conditioner , but did little to volume . nice scent and does help moisturizer , but it doesn't thicken hair follicles noticeably .
fun easy to read . exactly what is needed to relax and enjoy after a long hard day at the office .
the only issue is its tough to pick up calls . as the slim cover is always wrapped ! its worth price though
very lightweight cotton t shirt material . for the price i expected something a bit more substantial . but the screening looks fine .
a little cheaply made but for the price it is pretty and matches my bathroom decor . i like the look .
didn't have the goodies that i love why have i lost you ? original but it's okay !
wish cord was longer so we could get big group photos for parties etc . other than that is works great !
tiny dustballs . i have no use for these . useless . they are ok if you are using thread to string them
sized way to small should have told me that they were sized small , i would have ordered a medium . cute
to the kid below me you can't record video . just watch it .
works pretty well , but it is way over priced for the amount that you get .
one of the bottle's sprayer is not working so i have to transfer oil to another bottle . inconvenient for me .
better than your average caps , but not worth the spent . still a decent product though . zombies are coming soon , prepare !
tough to get on but stays put when on . careful how you wash it . it will shrink !
good case but material it is made of makes it hard to put in your pocket , kickstand works very well
i would watch the full season but didn't think it was much different from othe cop shows . rate this ok
so far so good . purchased it for double layered discs . no problem as yet . needs to keep the latest firmware .
tight a little bit for a an adult man . looks different compared to the picture . rl logo is hardly visible .
very slow beginning , exciting middle , disappointing end . needed more closure . possibly a sequel in the work s ? three star s .
this is alright , quality is perfectly fine and all , but this seat is just too low for for my likening .
i thought it would be more than just pictures , and i'm a little disappointed that there wasn't more to it .
this product is more for the eyes than anything else . it's ok . it's not as practical as i had envisioned .
hurts after you keep it in for more than hours but other than that its stylish .
these knives are okay but thats what you pay for . they dull really quickly .
i got this for my granddaughter and she likes it .
not for anything over gallons for sure .
does not come with wiring or bulb like the page says but it is a direct replacement for del sol
a bit soft for our golden retriever's coat
i was brought to this item after googling camcorder mm tape to vhs this does not work for mm tapes
my granddaughter loved it . as far as educational and durable , i wouldn't know she lives miles away from me .
i have fun with this . it amuses me .
save yourself some money and just use empty tissue boxes to store and dispense your grocery bags . just as convenient .
felt it did not match the sales copy presented . product is overstated . still good value for the price paid . thanks
this book has some good recipes . i thought there would be more treats . slightly disappointed , but overall a decent cookbook .
the tail end was too short to get into my nose . its cute but i was unable to wear it .
designs are just ok , but some are neat . the large sizes are great i was worried they would be smaller .
story line a little too slow for my liking . couldnt keep my attention . didnt like enough to continue w other books .
not easy to clean .
love the smell , but don't plan on lighting this candle and having it fill your room with vanilla coffee scent .
the pump for shower in the playmobil does not work . my grandson has had this playmobil for one month .
a quick reading , enjoyable red . characters were interesting . book was fast movingdidn't like main female character . liked supporting characters
i borrowed this book but its recipes were . not what i was looking for . these were more complex than i wanted !
this book was okay . i will probably get the other books in this series . it was a very quick read .
good game except for . you don't really make it yourself . but i do like how the flavors are not locked
not the usual too many side stories and skipping around to keep your attention . normally , his books are page turners .
basic junk . it does protect but is a huge pain to get perfect and i have patience
i like the apepazza shoes but this model has an uncomfortable middle band and the soul stitching is uncomfortable too
arrived in good condition unable to poor while perking . no pause on this pot as my previous pot
i would recommend the product . it could be better if it had a narrow bud . it almost meets my expectations .
this is an interesting story , but i didn't care for it . i want more excitement .
this watch looks and feels cheap however the winder that comes with it is a bargain .
flimsy but serviceable quick delivery
clean simple read , not a dazzling romance but a nice love story . might be for someone who has step kids
this works ok , but not for my use , i would not buy it again , but it may work for others .
didn't keep my hair dry all the way . whole bottom half was wet .
i like the characters . just wished it was a little longer and more in depth . the book felt rushed though .
es una novela corta , interesante , aunque el climax de la trama es muy corto y se resuelve todo muy pronto .
its a great product but hate the delay when you use the extension to connect to the tv . its frustrating
are not great thingsize is larger than other brandsare not suitable for use with jeans or tight clothing
kinda easy !
it was difficult and the dessert recipe was horrible ! your body can't handle this over long periods of time
the tights were a bit different color than i expected but were still ok for what i needed .
it ok but too big for me
blocks cameras flash making pictures foggy , and the white is already peelings and looking dirty , it's only been two weeks
i enjoy watching but some of the characters are really hard to take .
this game was fun and entertaining . a little like another game that like . good game when you time to waste .
eh ! i heard him in person and enjoyed his playing the selections much more than the ones on this c . d .
it's a good humidifier , nice features , but it's hard to find the filters . so i give stars for this product .
i like it but the color was not as bright as it looks on amazon . com , but its okay tamesha
makes much more noise than i expected . i have to turn of the fans off . the temp is ok
paul's character became too complex and annoying , a drama king whose personality concerning his mother , mommy's boy , frustrated me alot
when i click on the blockheads it lagged so much i just just just grrrrr . it makes me so mad !
not a great song but a good , catchy pop tune i think it's better than many of their hits .
this is okay . it doesnt have alot of extra room for extra plugs or headphones but it is adequate
good lookin
assasins creed and assasins creed brotherhood were so good , i just expected more from this version of the game .
the ring itself is nice , but the main , center stone , lacks the sparkle i expected . i've gotten better at target .
i like sci fi but thought it was kind of boring . i just went on too long . thanks for asking . grace
lots to read but importent information . easy to read but alot to read . good price and good reference tool . ryan
parable of the sower is a dystopian , post apocalyptic novel featuring a heroine that expresses her fleeting feelings towards religion .
very comfortable , but the outer material is starting to fray , and i find little pieces in my jacuzzi
this case is nothing special . is very simple it came with a metal pen that was very uncomfortable to use .
easy to read , not much character depth but has the potential to be a much more in depth and longer story .
i enjoyed the book and am starting on the second one in the series . fun to find a new author .
hose was a little short but still works .
i did not see any results from this product . it kind of made me less hungry , but that was it .
easy to put on . great as a mirror ! not so great when your outside and trying to take pictures o o
for the smallest of the compact . too small for my camera . but the concept was good , wish it had fit .
wobberly not steady , a bit to uncomfortable leather to thin for my taste could see the print of my toes .
i got what i asked for .
art work was very interesting . good theme . not sure what age would be most appropriate . overall , a good illustrated book .
it's fine . does what it's supposed to do . no , i won't give you more idiotic words on this thing .
fit good , but the top buttons fell off over time . and that was on both pairs .
el bate es bueno para jugar el softball chata o de bola lenta , no se lo recomiendo en bola r aacute pida
nice but sleeves are longer than in the picture
slow moving and not as cute or funny as the first . the smurfette story was creative but not very entertaining .
as a reader i was able to figure this out fairly easy , but is was entertaining . early john corey interesting .
my girls loved the movie , wish i had bought not rented it . but it's been on cable many times now
' size ish with bra b c . way too tight and clingy . it shows every bulge . i might return it .
this light is nifty , however the beam spread should be wider . it only lights half the keyboard .
used this to watch live on election day , but haven't really used it since then . just not enough time lately .
if you need to carry a calendar in your purse this one fits the bill
they are nice . i keep them in every room in the house . they are nice for reading and small print
this seemed to me to be quite childish . i didn't respond the way the script was trying to lead me .
great product .
i have not tried many of the recipes yet , have used dr fuhrman's other books and enjoyed them a lot .
the update made it worse put its still a game that's good for passing time in the doctors waging room
alwright as expected good info and should be followed by more people ! i would ok this book to any one .
thank you ! i will add to my libraryfree books are ver nice again thank you very much for free bk
the color was not the blue i expected and the quality is a little shotty . it is really heavy too .
they are a stocking stuffer , so don't know if they write . this will be great for my husbands stocking . thanks
this was a fun , fast read . entertaining and sexy without being yet another cliche vampire story . overall a good read .
does job could be better at odor control
we purchased this unit for church . its just ok . not great for building the can sit people . small font , ok focus .
this book could have been much better with tighter editing . was she being paid by the word ?
i enjoyed the story but felt like it jumped around a bit . i would consider reading another book of hers .
it was a gift . i never saw them
at first i thought this was not going to be good but its ok to me .
does the job but to bulky for me , i don t use it anymore i like the stick on screen protector better
i read usually at night and a book needs to move fast enogh to keep me awake . i'm sorry james
does what it said . i'm not an audio file and use it in my care for podcasts .
definitely not omnidirectional but it's much stronger than the mohu leaf indoor antenna i had before . more words required .
good book but could have been a little shorter . great details in some parts but very little in other parts .
this book was a so so in my opinion . i didn't care for the author's style of writing very much .
cheap , thin fabric , unforgiving cut . worked great as my halloween costume though . would suggest a good pair of spanx for underneath .
it is oil , as described but my wife thinks it stinks and doesn't like it . so it defeated the purpose .
mr . harris needs to work on honing his writing skills . the basic ideas are good the writing style is weak .
good fit
lovely continuation of first class to new york . i hope to read more books by this author . a good read .
a sold out show by gal costa . features her rendition of quot estrada do sol quot . good professional performances . that's all .
the parts i buy i didn't uses it the problem was something else . i wish i could send it back
like the product , but amount of aftershave just too little for the cost !
i personally think the new update is better but i do think it has better controls then a regular calculater .
it's a cute top but my chest size is bigger than most so i will give it to a friend .
it was a good light read . interesting in parts . on the time and experiences . too much sex and romance parts .
great value but a little too dark for night driving .
we need subtitles with our british movies . these movies didn't have them , or we'd have rated it stars
it's a good dvd but i enjoyed a lot more all his performances that you can find on you tube .
we returned it and got the one below , we could not read it across the room . love the atomic clocks
i love the look of the product . it's very creative , but mine was broken into pieces when i received it .
i have only one cat but it doesn't last as long as it says it does but it's good system .
beautiful clogs and great price but going up size is a understatement . i did that and still had problems .
but just barely . need something . not sure this product is it . does not live up to the advertising . three more words one
i like this case , but it is a bit loose . i guess it will work though . the purple is pretty !
has an odd smell that i can't get out
the mug quality is not best but ok to use . the picture printing is also ok but not best acceptable .
i found this book pretty much like the other book acting up in church again . just okay for my taste .
saw advert on television and it looked good but part broke on first use and a fiddle to put together
good alright
i liked the scarf , but it is really really thin . does nothing for the cold . use more as a fashion accessory .
this is a nice looking jacket , waterproof , but it doesn't breathe . that makes it hot to wear in mild weather .
transliterations for yiddish is not very easy since the spelling is not very close to how i would spell words .
excellent . works like charm saved my life
the game has me interested so far . nice graphics . seems pretty nice . i probably wouldn't have paid for it though .
color is good as i liked it but it is not already ready made i have to look for tailor .
its ok , clip is not as user friendly as i would like it to be , need a big belt
kind of flimsy .
i mistakenly thought this would contain ms love's original hit recordings . it didn't live up at all to i had expected .
the fabric was fine but the sizing ran a bit small . was a good everyday comfy pant for the price
my daughter likes to play these games where you cook items . it's fun but only for a little while . eh
the phone was okay but the charger isnt working at all so i had to buy a new one
a good read , but could have had a more conclusive ending . good writing . i might read more of this author .
a fantasy fiction story . i'm melting . out of
the writing was repetitive . it is basically fan fiction that is published and it reads as such . not very original .
it should be cleared that it is double sided not two dolls . they are cute others are much cuter though .
absolutely agree with johnatan's review , and i would like to add color temperature should be listed with every led light bulb .
velcro is not sticking well now . i use them times a week . also bought more pairs as replacements
good effort but the film lacks continuity with it switching from one story to another . good acting and good script .
squeals when first driving for a few minutes
love sakura but i wish they would make it a fine point instead of medium .
i will buy the heavy duty cloth next time . this does the job , but snagged easily and is almost transparent .
do to it size and weight it is difficult to use . a smaller and lighter model would be better
after about a half an hour of use the packing started to disintegrate . fast delivery . easy to repack with clothes .
still needs a little bit work but better than before
wonderful book , a little to heady at times , but for the hardcore science fiction reader it is a great book .
battery does not seem to have the length of charge i remember the original battery had . could it be used ?
i thought it was a little slow , and was pretty predictable . it just wasn't what i have come to expect .
lots of action , strange story line . the hulk was too controlled ! what happened to all the rage man . keep it coming .
a tad repetive , writing ain't great , topic almost makes up for it .
rhcp are still great but this has nothing they haven't done before . even still , better than most bands out there .
call game to play . object is to fill in spaces between coins . slow and steady gets the coins to drop .
surprised parents with trip to vegas for anniversary . used these on the cakes . chincy looking but cute . they loved it
pretty good
not really big watch . suitable to teenage . not for big guys the color blue is not so blue .
as compared to mr brown's more recent books digital fortress is just okay . but it was still a decent read .
it was cute but broken when i got it . lglued it and it was fine . worked for what i needed .
almost too short in the hem linea little smaller than expected in the chest area , nice and cool though
the story was kind of hard to follow it was part cookbook , part travel review , and part her unusual life .
ok but did bubble
usual entering spencer novel
it was okay not so crazy about it .
i like the large print and the author explains her point very well . it was an easy book to read .
that's what she said . word o o o o o o o o o o o o o o om
this product is misleaded by americanwholesale , advertised and pictured as magnesium oxide mg by rising but by gericare instead .
you have to get about feet in front of it before it will work . not what i expected .
this remote does the job but the trackpad is less than steller . overall though , i'd say it's worth the money .
i like actions so it's for mei think you should trygive the game a tryit's a simple game to play
i am buying a book to get fashion tips not to be preached at about what foods to eat . thanks .
decent variety , fair quality , reasonable value . good for starting out in your apartment .
have not opened the box i am keeping it as a spare just in case my other pump fizzles out
it will help . i would have preferred more details , however it can be used to our advantage . thank god
bands across feet are not adjustable and sit off the foot . left shoe straps were slightly looser then right straps .
the product is great and a good price . my dog just didn't care for it ! it gave my dog gas !
i liked the book . it's very easy to understand . however i was looking for something with more nocs and nics
this swimwear cove up sarong nice long size but very thin and thread is frayed . i order yellow it's ok .
there are movies in this dvd , the last two are really good , the first one is only average .
unfortunately didn't fit mattress
looking for light weight , well fitting . bulky and thick feeling . still can't find a comfortable , attractive mastectomy bra .
it would be nice if there were extension arms available . i drive a truck and another would have been useful .
please check the chest measurements . the inch measurements don't match correctly with the large xl xl sizes . someone should double check .
this book isn't as good as the previous book in the series
its alright , get better stuff at the store honestly though and for the same price . other than that its okay
it's alright . fades away too fast . but other than that , it's great .
it's just work ok ! not like a new i phone
good product just expected better quality but at the price it is a good deal , that would be all thanks
i bought this according to other ratings , the installation was easy , waiting for other upgrades to test them at the range
jury still out on this machine . doesn't format compact flash cards . had to take it to repair shop . very disappointing
this show is okay . i like john goodman but it seems to me that the material could get old fast
still learning to use it . right now i am not excited with the performance . i am thinking alot about tasking it .
for they are useable sheets , but if you are expecting luxury , think again .
great product , but i guess it was my mistake that i meant to order rice sugar paper . works okay , though . thanks !
a bit on the thin side , but so far it hasn't ripped or gotten damaged .
book was good summer read but very predictable .
used to work fine under android . , but doesn't display properly under android . on my un modded samsung galaxy s .
be careful ! i took meassures of my knee but it was not true to its sizeeverything else looks just fine
darker , edgier than other material by her that i've heard . not as pleasant a listening experience although she is good
its a pretty good resource for single page layouts . i was hoping for more page layouts in the book .
it's not very exciting . glad i didn't pay for it . there's no music and no bells or whistles . needs improvement .
used for many years and just as expected . would still prefer a little more user friendly with more better nol reports finders .
not as good as the book !
gorgeous case . gave it stars because the rhinestones started to pop off after a week . great for the price .
not as much as the others . a little drawn out for me .
i purchased one that's too large for my purse . what is the size of this one ? please send me the length .
i ordered the puzzle pictured , but received buttons , buttons instead . some error in identification . the picture and title don't match .
these were not what i expected based on the description . i kept them but they were not what i wanted .
clever . unique . bit to long and cumbersome at times . violent as was most likely true of that era .
i just find this book a little strange . just too much focus on urinating and not much of a story .
i dont know what i expected but this was not it . a good story , but a little sad for my taste .
love the look but a bit smaller than my last pair of switchflops in the same size ! a bit disappointed .
these are gorgeous , but the posts are so long you can't sleep with them in they poke your neck .
nothing specal just pink phone case . durable . do not have temn more words about this item to fill out this space .
its great tasting and super healthy just not what i was looking for . i wish it was a little sweeter .
rehashed info on the hymns . i'd much rather let the songs carry the message .
everything was ok . the headphones were horrible but the rest is ok , it was according to the price i paid
did not play
interesting but not outstanding . nothing really ground breaking . mostly thoughts you have had .
can't hold the cell phone tightly , phone is easy to fall down when car is on the rough road
i had to take a grinder and trim the lip so the lid would fit
nice to be able to reach back and massage sore spots .
i give this a three because the kids like it so much you have to watch it ten thousand times .
more sifi then i like but not bad .
i love it
i did not expect that stones will be so small . but in general looks great
not as much fur not color and put together as expected . it's not durable at all and not very engaging .
not as good as other amish books i have read . was not what i expected or it would be about .
it was an ok movie , but probably not one i'll watch again . kinda slow pretty much all the way through .
to small , just a temp . phone .
very basic explanation of anxiety disorders . i recommend this book if you want a very rudimentary knowledge of the subject .
tea not in individual bags . you have to let it steep and then strain it before you can drink it .
the book described where the american tax dollars went during the past years of war in the middle east
short cord . extra pieces do not stay attached . wish i would have paid more money for a better quality machine .
a good app but there are better out there . you can't complain about free though so pick it up !
i am not as wowed as other vanguard production tomes but i enjoyed it and do not regret purchasing it .
i love this game because i play for hours everyone should use it se hrh dhfb dy ash ag dg
pretty obvious storyline from about in . i always want more character development and this book dose not do that .
the item pictured is plastic . however , the item you will recieve is ceramic and far more fragile . novelty item only .
pole can be bent easily , esp by the men using it ! used in our paving business by many men daily .
smaller than expected . much more appropriate for a young child , aged . nice quality though and well made .
i ordered these seeds late april and received them about a week ago . weeks ? horrible shipping .
i will keep this in my collection , it wasnt as good as the first one but it was ok
too short
to small
okay . greasy .
more complex to use but am enjoying the smaller size and weight of my new smart phone especially while travelling
its not the best case for your note but it still keeps your phone save thank you so much
it's not really a hard case . its more like a thick canvas or something . works for what i needed it for tho .
they were a little thought they were just a little bigger but they worked for what she wanting them for
this book was a good read , that wasquick . it was a little unbelievable , but i guess that's why it's called fiction !
it was a good movie . entertaining .
it works but lags some .
.
nice and compact when folded but rather flimsy in in use position . also a bit too big for my ipad mini .
i bougth this movie because a friend of mine recommended me , it was so sensitive . and lovely
it's good read it it helps when i go out to eat breakfast lunch dinner so give it a shot
i know the book is fantastic , but the writing is too small , so i had to give it away .
it's tight for it to be a large
over priced poor quality videoexercises just okaywould not reccomenddiet rerun no new info not well balanced no
this book is a good read but at times drags with extreme details that make it less interesting and entertaining .
it is fine i just wish the back flap was as long as the front . but it is very confertable .
the book is ok but not as good as his firdt novel a beautiful blue death
maybe not t he b e st ever b u t good ! it's well written and worth y our time
the book is excellent but i received the paperback instead of the hardcover that i ordered .
just another user see review below who cannot get this camera to work with the hp special edition l cu laptop .
i wish the coins were unending . the game seems slow . i get bored to easy . not enough jack pot winnings .
very interesting and thought provoking . i used this as a reference book and found it quite helpful while in school .
sort of limited to standing positions i bought a different that has better position options . thats all i have got
i ordered a to step up ring . and got a step down . oh well , it will work somewhere .
too large around the ankle
this movie is o . k . if you're bored out of your mind and can't think of anything else to watchthanks .
the straps do not adjust to fit smaller size people
great ideas for small spaces and tight corners . lots of helpful hints for my smaller country home . happy with purchase .
very sheer and background is beige not white as picture indicates . still it is cute . inexpensive and serves its purpose
the flashlight is good and bright but my problem like most the light tends to flicker on low sittings .
a good collection of songs for indigo girl fans odd problem with the cd skipping though .
i love anything to do with ireland irish but this book was just a bit too convoluted for me to enjoy .
thought provoking . i hadn't read what it was about . watched just because of the actors . pleasantly surprised . highly recommended . enough
it would be more fun if it worked better on kindle . it won't ask friends for assistance since it updated .
this smaller one is okay , but i think i need more on ' one . is the ' still available ?
i like it . lots of research . lots of thing that can make conscious people what is going on on this topic . good reading .
the quality is ok . fits fine and looks ok . but its a nice deal for this price compared to others
my kids are not fond of this dvd . they find it boring .
exactly what i was looking for , and doesn't take up a lot of space in my cabinets .
realized it provides an orange tint instead of darkish one which i prefer . nice style tho , suits my small face .
its great for no bubbles but can't see the screen in the sun . very frustrating if your at the beach
havent used this cartridge very muchi guess when you have others to work withyou forget you have it
as others said , velcro is too short . hoping they stretch out a little so she can actually wear them comfortably
light christmas story good for a cozy one night read on a pre holidaychilly night . no need for tissues for this tale .
this was a pretty big waste of my time . i wouldn't waste yours . who cares after all this time ?
was not what i was hoping for . not high enough . the ones that were was just too expensive .
perfect boots if you have a wide foot and big calves . so comfy cuteeperfect color for the fall
concerned about the overall length of this novel , it was enjoyable but way too short . are these kindle books abridged ?
it does what it's supposed to do but not as user friendly as earlier versions of norton system works .
started out liking the story . great pacing and characters but it did not hold my interest . eventually . too predicable for me
not a bad effort . certainly an improvement on wet dream . worth the purchase for the music alone .
good introduction to the concept of leadership . much more focused on political leadership than orgininally anticipated .
book was purchased for someone else , i never read it .
really really cheapy . i guess u get what u pay for . its for my yr old son so it will do .
mines was small nike logos . logos , then nike then another . it didnt detatch . didnt look like the picture
these gloves seem to work as designed . you'll get reasonable protection and they look like they will last reasonably well .
may be a good product but my kid gives it a thumbs down . i'll keep it though , its good concept
there were a few rare but most of the card were common ones that about all i have to say
i ordered a porcelin covered heavy duty grill , but recieved the heavy duty grill that is non porcelin covered .
i really enjoyed this version of this song . most of us know it from janis joplin this is a nice spin .
if you're looking for a solid disc for a forehand throw , this might be the one . otherwise its eh . haha
pretty basic recipes . i found the book disappointing and uninteresting as compared to other italian cookbooks i have read .
very accommodating and helpful . gave prompt responses to my inquiries . would do business with you again .
needed to be at least half the length . the heroine at times came across as being very petulant and naive .
this book covers the basics but dosen't have any material which would cause me to recommend it .
i had so much more energy to burn with this product ! no jittery feeling ! loved it . have to order another bottle !
not bad for the price although very fresh , i thought it was a more watery sent than a flower sent
it was ok . no big briain teaser or twist in the plot . but lots of action once it gets going
all the earring were pretty but unfortunately not all of the earring had backs actually about half of them didn't .
i love these envelopes but i received the cream color and not blue like what is shown on this page .
the actual size was cut smaller than any other items , had to send back because of being to small , thanks
it is slightly larger than the normal l , the medium size should fit everyone who usually wears a large size .
very slow with a predictable ending
i am disappointed to find the wire holder is bent , causing the bottles to lean against each other .
this was not one of nickelback's best cd . it did not satisfie me .
again fun to play but do not understand what to do and find no help on playing ga me anyplace
it was okay . it was not as good as the other books . predictable . it was not worth buying it .
good for when no electric power is off . better then using candles . good lighting . able to read by the light .
i think the first season is much better than this season . i don't like this season .
this is subjective but after seeing them times some of these would not be my idea of their best .
i was very , very disappointed by the ending . there just was not enough closure for my taste .
emphasized mountain climbing minutiae more than story , and the final peril seemed a bit over the top . it passed the time .
even though it was free , you still need to have a membership . will stick with netflix for now . tx anyway .
for the price paid , this is a fine buy . but it is not large print at all .
color and style great but don't expect a sturdy shoe . probably ok if you don't walk a lot in them .
brought for my husband , he liked the color and cloth , but it was too large , as if it's xxl size .
for being playing with otter player is great , but play it alone is not an option for ben boringverse
it works . i use it every time we bbq outside . i put corn and sometimes chicken on it to cook .
very light weight , i thought , for a katleen eagle book . o . k . read , but i had expected more length and intensity
this app is very general and the information would be helpful if you never had any experience with first aid .
the book is good but is very limited on details . lone survivor is x better . very quick and easy read
the voice overs get a little bit old but getting to the next levels can be tricky and fun playing
it was suspenseful but didn't knock my socks off . yet it was an easy read and worth . cent purchase
fits very small and they have a smell to them . took forever to come and then they didnt fit
was acceptable if i did not have another book to read
i love this gel . but . smells different . can not get out of the bottle ! please change bottle and smell ? ! hurts my hand getting it out !
i bought it for someone else who has a record collection . i don't have nine more words for this book
brands i have bought before were 'neutral' in their scent . these smell fishy . i don't know if i like that .
it is a nice quality money clip , but scared all my cash is going to fall out of money clip .
its a real fish inside acrylic . if you see it up close kind of scary but from afar great lookin
so far , a little reduction in joint and back pain . however , more time is required to make an informed evaluation .
very good story but a little short compared to most books i read . i would try another one by the author .
it is a little confusing and hard to understand . there is not many ideas . it literally took me minutes to read .
bought to go on a plush carpet , maybe once the pile flattens it will be less squishy . will update then .
hope ted white writes more mysteries . i like his style , it has a air a refreshing honesty . good luck ted .
came in good condition . a few little scratches on the surfage but it works perfectly .
it is nice to follow the exammple , hands on tutur project . good for beginner .
let's put it this way , it fits and does the job . it's under the cowl so appearances are somewhat secondary
almost gives away the answer because of limited letter options . good selection if actors so far . will continue to play
cute , simple book . wish it was a bit more from the dog's mouth but still very cute .
the battery on one of the remotes doesn't hold a charge anymore . i have had them less than a year .
but i kind of liked it when it was still in vogue and the address database was easy to use
pretty small but cute .
first book of the earthclan uplift universe . mediocre whodunit story line . read startide rising and uplift war instead . those are brin's masterpieces .
the lighting is unique . i turn it on for special occasions . im not disappointed at all . itmakes my living room look unique
i was a little disappointed in the condition of my book . there were more markings in it than i expected .
the cable is thin , but serviceable . words , words , words , words , words , words , words , words , words , words , words , words , words , words .
good light brain teaser reading . i don't read anything less than stars . wacky and some familiar ground covered here .
a good , solid read . however , the ending of the book left it up to the reader to determine what happened .
material where you put the clips tuck it . ripped . every time i grabbed end to fastened it ripped . uggh
it's easy at first then gets more challenging as the levels pass by . hate you have to pay for more .
this wasn't bad to start with , but i found better sources that offered a lot more samples to draw from .
the blade itself was decent but the handle broke in my pocket and cut a hole right through my pants
is included as episodes in season set , nothing extra for the price . season sets better thou no ending .
it does seem to depend on who is playing the game . male kid yes female kid is less excited also
wanted the zodiac beige , but this is an acceptable substitute . i use it as a shadow base . a good product .
enjoyed book , book was good , by book , there were to many cliches and rehashed events and activities
jasmine by takamine s acoustic guitar , naturalhurry up pls , cuz alredy i cant wait . i bought my guitar day ago .
love the smoothness of euge's sound , has the flavor of klugh and benson , can listen to it all day long
i am just a big fan of early 's slasher fims . a must for your colection of horror films
too early to tell , not plant any seeds yet . still snow in here and the ground still to wet . thanks
for some reason , one side didn't bond well even though we cleaned it . finally had to glue it in place .
this book is too complex for me . maybe someday i will pick it up again .
generic text book mba stuff . simplistic but worth the purchase and a good leaning tool while stuck in traffic .
it is not a bad blanket , good price and seems well made . good for moving . i was looking for something softer .
not enough romance in this book rambles on abit , wish there was more about the realtionship between the main characters .
hate having to buy coinsbut other than that this game is relaxing when i have a lot on my mind .
ok . but turbo tax is way way way over priced . this was the best deal i could find . the service was great . i highly reccomend this vendor .
it was ok
as a ex battleship sailor , i got more out of the book than most people would . writing could be improved .
pro price affordable , comes with image , different signalscons power runs out quick , the image flashes at times , buzzing noise
this is interesting , but not totally accurate and somewhat slanted in its portrayal . i was somewhat disappointed in it .
quality's not good enough , there are some scratches and notches .
uncomplicated . short learning curve . kind of a different format . not bad for a free downloaded app . not bad at all .
small enough to hold your water bottle or a small diaper .
holds charge for about hrs with no use , about when used somewhat . can't wait to update my phone .
it was pretty interesting , seemed just a little bit longer than it should have been and skips around a little .
not thrilled with this case . not as pretty as i would have liked . i guess it is worth the price .
a nice little amusing play . i didn't catch the humor at first . a fun read . this is also a page turner .
the convence of the product is great . however the taste of the peaches are a little bitter for my daughter .
if you are not fluent in french , you will find this book difficult to use .
good fast shipper product came in excellent condition , but item is cheap and did not last to long .
got decent results looks like a patch job , but at least it's serviceable . the mixing instructions were very confusing .
we got this for my daughter . it is a nice piece of jeweler for a child but nothing fancy . ok
it was smaller than expected . i wished they offered a bigger size , but medium was the biggest size available . thanks
got the book on time but ratter than expectet . could have gotten a better copy at a grage salejan
smells really good . definitely helps tame the frizz but doesn't really make my hair any softer . probably wont buy again .
the item description for these boots state leather upper . this is a false statement . it is all manmade materials .
i ask for a small n the carrier sent me a large . what can i do about that ?
got grease and dirt all over it . fit is okay . lousy second .
it was ok . i bought it for a friend as a gift . the hard back covering was a bit warped .
it is ok if you have a month to wait just to save a couple of bucks ! me , never more !
a little sophomoric . but i have read every word ! i am enjoying all her books . they are getting better
not as funny as i anticipated it would be . more of a chick flick than a comedy . could be funnier .
it is a good book for identifying all of the disney characters . not much of a story in the book .
buy the sonoma pillow . yes , this is less expensive , but the sonoma lavender pillow is just better in every way .
would be a better game if it gave you more options , so i am giving it only three stars here .
the toy was for my daughter and she loved it . it's very similar to the character that appears on tv .
the size i figured was bigger than it was . bought for my sisters birthday present . she is happy with it .
ordered for wrinkle spray . more expensive and doesn't work as well as downey wrinkle releaser .
with all the hype online and other media sources i thought this would be better . it is ok not great .
one of my favorites of kingbury's novels . a great book about god's faithfulness and love for those who honor him
not bad . it is faster than doing it manually but it clumps and falls out in your lap and or floor
the writer is on mark , the events are shaping up even now . i recommend this book , check it out soon .
shoes are great , but run very , very small . order at least one full size larger than your child currently wears .
i'm still getting acquainted with this app . i'm having trouble moving from one book to another . would appreciate better directions .
our month old border collie is able to jump at sides and cause playpen to collapse . not what expected .
the headset isn't the best , it's bass isn't great enough . the sound is pretty clear overall , i think its ok .
good quality for small jewelry . would also be good for making ear rings or to use for a charm bracelet .
i always enjoy reading wally . fist i know this much is true and now this . i am never disappointed ! keep writing !
they were what they said they were and my kids liked them and they are pretty load and work great
a little low for my use . hard for me to get up off of it . just had a knee replacement .
enjoyed bits are pieces not interested enough to try any of the authors complete novels at least at this time .
complete and total rip off if red remover . still fun but basicly intellectual theft . come up with your own idea
there are better deals . better lights for the money or the same light for less . keep looking !
great fun app for the holidays . occasionally , the scanning bar and the results would overlap each other , making it unappealing .
the rest of it i could take or leave . if you like killer weeed , check out mighty high . in drug city .
does not have calorie count as reported in product review . otherwise , works well .
looks good . functional and stylish . easy to install and operate . i would recommend this product for the price and value .
it is exactly what i expected . it worked great for halloween and then was broken in two a week later .
a little much on a novice's view of life at sea , without more insight into the industry at large . .
it's a bit flimsy . the tie string is loose , not stitched onto the fabric , what's up with that ? !
the sandal makes me feel pain wearing it . if you definitely like it , order one size up .
runs big . order a smaller than normal size . sleeves are long . i have normal sleeve sizing . . nice looking . .
son colores muy naturales y sencillos la tela es fresca y mantienen los colores al lavar , cada modelo es diferente .
decent short story . the book kept my attention all the way through . will find similar stories by the same author .
they don't work as well as others i have purchased . too slick . sometimes takes multiple swipes to make the action .
the cup cake toppers were a cute birthday surprise for a teenage girls . birthday partythey received . many ooh and awes
the hangover part iii is so so , not good as the the hangover part i and the hangover part ii .
i like it so far hadn't got to far in game yet . hopefully i will be successfully at the game
these are nice hangers but they are steel , painted copper color . i wanted copper hangers to polish and clear coat .
my four month old daughter appears totally mesmerized with product . unfortunately , the sea shell cup stopped working after only two days .
the good stuff was good but the other stuff was boring . it was so so but still worth a read !
this tends to evaporate very quickly doesn't burn for as many hours as was initially quoted in the product description .
they where bigger than i thought they would be . but they do have a nice clean look to them . pass
i hope other thing
this was an entertaining black comedy . the acting was good and the characters likeable .
was a required book for a class . don't know how often i will use it in the future . needs updated .
cd album so so music , my choise , cd as portrayed , timely arrival
this is a typical but entertaining western . it was so typical that i am having a difficult time expressing it .
teenager amp i both liked this . good movie .
an ok read , but not one of his best compared to earlier novels . in many ways , it was pretty convoluted .
nothing new here
die cast block was broke while still in the box . block is a weak point ! . other than that it wuz very good .
i just wanted to have enough of these handy for when i misplaced my larger one . they do the job .
might benefit someone studying to be massage therapist . too many personal stories . tennis balls good tip for self back therapy .
good product , do not understand though the additional dollar charge just for a few book marks .
not innovative in arrangement style or song selection but a decent recording to listen to as background for the season .
heart warming , if you have the patience to watch it . moves extremely slow ! stick to the classics for holiday viewing .
pretty watch but made cheap but payed cheap . i guess like they always say you get what you pay for .
poca reflexi oacute n buen acabado buena imagen dentro de lo esperado yo mejorar iacute a la parte refletiva . . . . .
but problem was this laptop was too old . i shouldn't fix this because laptop itself is not worthy to fix .
the real product use plastic instead of metal . gj thumb down ! just simply ok , not good , not bad . absolutely not fantasy .
i bought this as a gift . i was told it was a good video .
one of my favorites with the late great patrick swayze .
a frienhd had reccommended this book and i thought it sounded good but could never get started on the program .
unhappy that you have to wait for next book for conclusion .
too dark for my gs . hard to locate items that house in the dark .
this is not a very sturdy workout ball or good for sitting on like a chair , the rubber seems thin .
my wife thought it was ok .
guess its good for a free guide . imformative for a beginner . could have had more information and topics i suppose
liked pattern , fabric and warmth factor , but with the orthotics the size was too short for my size feet .
it is a very good idea but i thought it would be a little more durable . but it will suffice
really difficult to play and see the characters . my grandson enjoys it , however , the games are just games to play .
i wish it had one more little stretchy pocket . it fits real nice and i hope it is water proff .
the writing and plot was understandable . would like to see added story lines with this same film . enjoyed it very much !
avergage book i guess . just wish it had more illustrations and explanation of the lyrics in his songs .
works well but is a little tacky looking . what can you expect for ?
i thought it was a very informative book and answered a lot of questions that i had .
nice shirt wish it were more wash and wear , needs to be ironed every time good material and nice fit
i am looking forward to this mans development .
marvel could pimp this tbp . it's too basic . but the story and the art are amazing . it's worth the price .
written by a friend .
it does the job well , but i have to put it on the goggle lenses every time i go swimming .
leaks now and then after it's been filled to the top , not all the time , ccan't figure it out . hmm
i love the turquoise stone it is beautiful i wasn't to happy that is was adjustable . the ring is ok .
the recipes call for too many other ingredients i'm allergic to , so it's basically useless for my own special needs .
always wanted to read about the popes , a very interestig subject . an eyeopener to discover that some popes were not infallible .
quality shirt . screen print is off center . kinda pissed . but , i don't care because i'm a teenage lobotomy . ha ha .
i do not feel like i have closure . such a great story but there are many , many questions left unanswered .
its good , but i thought it would still buzz when the prongs were extended , but it does not . to bad
whenever i'm . about to win with a checkmate . it always says draw by stalemate . it's fun but i don't like that bug
so so story and acting by young and inexperienced few barely lift this movie to watchability .
got this by error . would like to change for another . it's not something that i would read , sorry for the inconvenience .
purchasing the crashbandicoot game for my children and they like playing with it . they said its fun .
the phone case eventually came off . i use it as my wallet now . then again , i do maintenance work so .
makes a big mess . peel is startling but no long term impact
small and narrow should have ordered a size up .
this disc was made famous by its being copied . and highly praised . in hattogate . google that or joyce hatto
nice and flexible
didn't come with lighter fluid but other wise it is very nice and works good with the fluid i bought
i have been using this item but it will take longer time to see the possible results .
not like i remember but not bad either . short and kinda boring is the true problems with this movie .
this product has worked well for the price and i have no complaints to list . i recommend it without hesitation .
reminds me of instagram has a very close outlook . similar actions but with more actions . i would recommend this app .
it was okay but i really thought it had more potential and could have become something more than it was .
the colors are great , but they were kind of slim and personally i like shoes that are a little wider .
he brings up some good points but overall i felt it lacked real substance .
the screen protector is not wide enough to cover screen . there should be more room , more wider . it's just ok .
i don't like the case because it is broken on the side . i will not buy another phone case again .
cute toy , fine if free with game but i'd not spend more than cents on it alone period
too many silly songs . i feel she is capable of a few with more substance . hope next cd has them .
this item is made of pretty cheap plastic i do not expect it to last long , but good for novelty .
great interface but way too small for survival mode . fun if you just wanted to build something in creative mode
eh , the beginning was great , and then it just became stupid , and the ending was awful !
the book smelled of smoke , as if it was near a fire .
had some problems with it connecting .
this shoe runs small . i should have ordered a size larger . the color is great and truly met my expectations .
not for the casual to mid level photoshop user and not as stright forward as expected .
this book is not what i expected but i will put it with my other books and shelf it . thanks .
see above . they liked the pictures . would have liked book to b in the same purchase . silly is funny .
the case fits the phone very well and is durable . the screen protector was difficult to get in place though .
the copper color is a little off . i expected it to be a brighter metal . its a decent looking ring .
worked well . ran out quickly though .
not fond of the colors and i didn't like that there was no pause or continue later button . thank you
i love that this are gold and black , and they go perfectly with a watch i purchased . love the contrasts .
cute product but the light is not that bright , the on button is hard to locate , especially in the dark .
more cushion needed
great speaker for price , size and weight is nice for packingbattery life is greatshould have a case though
works fine nice to have the e version to my print copies .
works pretty well . would have liked the pieces to shred a little finer , but overall , not bad
we will see as things progress . i haven't used it yet so i don't know if it meets my needs .
it is so realistic with the game the trucks look real i really like it its a good game awsome
good movie with a few big laughs . far fetched plot but good chemistry between vaughn and wilson saves this flick .
i'm still reading it , and find it slow going .
these pants are fine , but i ordered the blue green yellow set and received the blue dk blue tan pack . still useful but disappointed .
i could not really feel any different after taking these tablets . i am not sure how effective they really are .
the longevity and projection isnt too bad but the smell is very generic and boring . its basically grapefruit and woods
the shoe is comfortable but does not look like the picture . it look more like a bedreoom slipper .
wish there was a reminder with this maybe a peep nice to have , but a reminder would be helpful . thanks . for listening .
does what it says . thanks . more words , huh ? ok . rock rules ! even though all we have now is re runs .
it's hard to grab anything that lies flat in a pan or on a counter top .
just not informative enough .
they cost a lot more than the generics so i probably won't buy this anymore since the generics work great .
the book was slow to develop , then ended very quickly with many unanswered questions . it dropped off key characters suddenly .
very helpful
samsung a not as good as it seems but still okay . not as good as it seems but still okay .
not a bad short story but not veryfulfilling either . good read for children and kids to pass the time not bad
love sylvia day and is one of my favs . but this book was a little too fast and no build up
price is high .
nice product well made , perhaps not quite enough arch support . if you have wide feet it is not wide enough .
good product but it is hard to erase . magnetic stick well . easy to install .
this lamp produces a very clean white light , but not bright enough to use for signalling or other critical jobs .
this is just the cord i needed . now moms old mixer can continue making great baked goods for another generation .
i thought there would be a little more to it and the reverse doesn't work very well , would not recommend
worked the first time i used it . never worked again , can't figure out why . easy to install which was great !
this book had good information but it was not detailed enough . it gaveexamples but no instructions to complete the process .
not that greatnot a solid build and doesn't fit in hand well . could have been made far better than it was .
i usually enjoy je'caryous johnson's plays but something was about this that didn't sell me . maybe it was better live .
i guess it was okay , just didn't work with what it was ordered for , connecting a keyboard to a nook .
this dvd was an entertaining piece of christmas fare but disppointing in the limited number of countries and customs shown .
this is an interesting show . i would love to watch more like it , perhaps recreating different historical eras .
it's good enough . i wouldn't reorder it again though as i don't intend to order a kindle either blah blah
i enjoyed this cd but it could have had a few more songs added . i love the glee cast though .
only complaint i have would be sometimes it takes well over one minute to play next song . otherwise great product .
nice stick tote for the money . wished they offered it with a few pair of sticks at a good price .
its kool
works good . is nice looking . came on time . i am happy with it . i would recommend it to my friends .
i think that this game is a good game . this game make you think and i like that very much
well the controls aren't really complicated but even when you follow the directions the boarder doesn't do what you want .
this book is okay for those that want a cookbook approach , but not for those that are really studying astrology .
hard too get into but persevered and enjoyed this novel . miight read this author' s other novels . if any other written works .
a real stephen king twist on current technology . very good read when you have a little spare time .
very nice looking shoe
cozy booties . not for walkers .
quality is very general
the knock sensor received was not made by nissan . there is no brand name on it nor on the box .
before ordering make sure you measure the door size ! had to return it ! takes too much room in the closet !
a little slow as compared to computer games but it is o . k . i can use it when on the road
so far so good . hopefully i'll be able to earn money quicker soon . but pretty fun to play so far !
good book just wish it had more helpful hint on how to buy items to help organize what you have .
i enjoy it and the characters , but i wouldn't buy it . unnecessary use of political viewpoints is a slight turnoff .
it doesn't work like i expected . it 's too tight and my girls have hard time to put them on .
really great for taking makeup off but definitely not for oily skin use only if your skin is dry .
shiny plastic case . looks kinda cheap . might end up replacing it with something better looking . color is accurate bright !
product is good but over priced .
editing was horrible this work needs to be proof read ! story line okay but poor editing makes all else irrelevant
these were very good , some better than others but the overall a very good b grade experience . will watch again
cheaply made , i'm always putting this back together for my year old , pieces are flimsy but he loves it .
it is very good in juicingbut cleaning its part was not funconsidering the price , it is perfect and valid ! .
but it is very very drying to skin . it seems to be doing the job of treating roseacea on skin .
not a bad game for being free . but you have to spend money to make it a lot of fun .
the colors are super pretty , but the shadow itself is very chalky and difficult to blend apply . wouldn't buy it again .
it's either too small or the fan i always believed to be mm isn't .
this soap is very moisturizing but after a few days use the oat pieces stick out and are really scratchy .
sad slow story
the tablecloths were not the right size , uneven and i did not like the fabric , so i sent them back .
this one isnt as good as the green one hes my ex boyfriend cheated on me with po . that b
nice case ! fits well , easy on and off . great colors and nice feel in your hand . i highly recommend it .
duplicated some of the same content in other parts of the series . worth watching , very educational , video quality very good .
why would you pay dollars for a quarter ? seems like a rip to me
only views of mt hokusai is a really first class story . there is some cleverness , some laziness , some familiar themes .
the rings were fine . package reeked of smoke when i opened it . wasn't excited to put them on cupcakes then .
very short . will be a nice shirt or very very short dress . not as long as pictured .
this app was a huge disappointment unless you absolutely lt boring apps don't download . this app sucks ! more reviews coming , angel
this doesn't have a lot of information you don't know from reading the book , but isn't utterly horrible . it's ok .
it was smaller then i was expecting , but otherwise it is a very nice desk .
comfortable , but not very durable . only got to wear them once or twice a week for a year .
good color and kept after baking but they gave off an odor when baked , that hopefully did not change flavor .
cute but not as the quality i was expecting . not dishwasher safe . very disappointed after few washes paint is gone .
very good musicians and playing , but the sound is very dissapointed . like a bootleg . dennis chambers is phenomenal .
like the game but it is a little challenging . kind of addictive though . definitely a work out for your brain .
it was ok
didn't live
i can't wear it . it's too small
did not realize the actual lenox train came personalized
good product
the seat is unstable and looks weak . i have to say it does the job
this is cute something different for me
very comfortable shoes , but they stretched out after only weeks of wear . now the shoe slides on my foot .
good item for the price .
i guess they are ok for the price . not very sturdy . would not reorder .
i thought it was ok . i couldn't figure out how to pop the pimples . i could only pick the scabs .
my niece really liked this as a gift and was very excited . you really can't go wrong with camo anything !
this item worked perfectly for organizing all of the wii games and controllers . great organizational tool !
the blade is very nice but the handle has a weird feel to it . great purchase for the money though .
it was just smaller than i thought it was it was for a birthday present for great niece like anyway .
it does its job but could have been for a lower price for a carrying case .
i bought this for a buck , and i just wasn't feeling it . in an era of hed pe , downset , etc . this just doesn't compare . my opinion .
edgeworth has excellent observations of the society of that time . unfortunately these observation interfere with the flow of the plot .
have not used it yet . bought because i needed one before and the price was right ! hopefully works as anticipated .
captured my interest for the most part as i was intrigued by the era but the ending left me cold .
i've watched the movie that was depressing , but the book was even more so . sad story of addiction struggle .
could be a bit more interactive . good facts , very interesting . very nice to do with children and for teens . research !
the book was written much like no lone survivor , but was not as readable . in fact , i didn't finish it .
not to big or to small fits in an area just right and has enough space for my makeup
a good yarn , but unfortunately the rapid advances in technology have outdated this book . it's still fun to read however .
a little too cliche but a cute little quick read on a rainy day will probably read the next one
these are okay , they are pretty cheap looking . it depends on what you want to use them for .
they llook weird on and they arrived dirty not used but stained . i won t be able to use them !
the bottom blue pieces break easily its good product and very useful to use and make bracelets and other things
works good . couldn't lose for the price . burns clean and puts out the fragrance well . would buy again for sure .
not so sure about the comparisons made jesus lao ze on opposing pages . interesting , though .
really did do anything for me . but the product got here on time
nice
this is a good app . way better than the hoarse site . i am glad i found it . cheers to all .
would be nice if it had more words to search for , or different difficulty levels . bit too easy for me .
probably wouldn't buy again , she really didn't like this stuff , doesn't work and doesn't lube really well . no no no
overall , it works . there were a couple of times while i was playing , that it fell off which was disruptive .
excelente herramienta de trabajo , es un libro muy ameno , muy sencillo , que te da muchas buenas ideas . definitivamente lo recomiendo
a little confusing at first but overall a very nice story . definitely provides some perspective . overall i liked the story
not lm , maybe not even lm but for the money very good deal . would do business again ! thanks thanks thanks
although it is a very good song , i was disappointed that it is not stereo .
i would have liked it if it had gone a little father back in history , more into the early 's .
i really enjoyed this movie . the special effects with the trucks was great . the actors were amusing , loved the ending .
good story . young love and life choices through family turmoil . believable solutions . i would definitely read more from this author
the wires are not long enough for chevy suburban but i made due with what i was sent thank you
wonderful sound ! dvd video is sooo disappointing , only one poor pic per song , very poorly done on video !
i watched times just to be inspired for the love of our country and the people within the world .
dropped it with the case on and nicked the screen still . i still like the case and the clip though .
it is toooooo large for the job that it does ! such a high profile toaster . takes up too much space .
the actors themselves are good , but the movie was rather poorly done . it has the feel of a kid's book .
i enjoyed it . a story of staggering wealth and greed .
i really dont have a complain but i ordered a white case battery and i receive a black one instead .
i liked the sneaker and fit . i thought the gel would be more cushion . but instead i found it hard
it is a real shame that this series was cut short . see you on the other side nick . blessed be .
i've been having trouble opening some of my existing files . it's not as user friendly as the previous version .
it was okay . looks cheaper in person than what i expected and breaks very easily .
got some good ideas . the plans could be better . the detales on some are not clear . over all good .
these headphones are nice looking and reasonably priced . but , the sound is not as clear as i had hoped for .
ok
my wife said it is very sticky . natural feels but not very nice when u leave much on your skins .
challenging yet very fun ! whole family has downloaded the app . great family game that even the youngest kids can enjoy .
an interesting and well developed discussion of a little known fact of history . well worth reading .
a bit large but my grandaughter loves it as a nightie .
lena has more talent that this feminism . i did not see girls , i guess its the same . will try
it was ok . not much else i can say . it was worth the rental . glad i didn't buy the movie .
a little thinner than i would have liked because i like a little bit more weight . overall a pretty scarf !
it was a gift , but she really liked it . there could have been more instructions on the screen cover though .
bottle opener does not work
doesn't work the best
so so quality , difficult to clean dn put back together but overall accomplishes the task of keeping the hamster caged .
i like this band . i wish they would tour the states again soon ! i like the track hammerhead best
it gets too hard too fast . you should be able to make it through a few before it gets tougher .
much bigger soccer balls than expected . the picture was deceiving i guess . i dont think they will become family heirlooms .
helpful information
it looks cute , it would be the best if one water proof pocket was designed for bottle .
required to buy for school . very heavy , like a large phone book . ok tutorials , simple , but wordy .
ink dries out quickly
slow loading and execution , takes up more memory than is necessary . not enough help for the complexity of the app .
i ordered a black wig , and they sent me a red one . the wig was ok except for the color .
you can get this exact same water bottle at fred meyers for about dollars . why on earth spend ?
excelente disfraz era lo que esperaba a mi hijo le encanto , lo va utilizar para los carnavales de la escuela
fun books for kids !
the penguin's arms got in the way when i needed to pick it up , hold it or play on it .
. which includes from not often mentioned cases , but nothing in particularly new . readers mey enjoy the less frequently written about dictators .
sorry but the color is off . more green than teal . shoe may be great butit doesn't serve my need .
not sure if it works . s'posed to take before bedtime . can't tell a difference .
this is an okay option but if i could do it again i'd get the binder that includes the light .
it doesn't explain the functions to use the controls . i lost the game at least times b i figyersd if .
its very narrow , not good for a mans hand .
my first time buying cable on internet i rather see product on my hand to see quality on the item .
it was the hardships of a young couple and their struggles of keeping a family together .
good game for a bit of fun . however , controls are over sensitive in some areas and not enough in others .
read your book over christmas vacation . enjoyed it . very sweet story . looking forward to reading more of your work . thanks !
the fitted sheet is too large . because it is like flannel it is more for the cooler month .
hello , the only defect of this product was a dent on the packaging that held the discs . the rest is okay .
this was ok . pretty boring . i deleted it after games . it might be ok for kids to teach fundamental geometry .
great reading very uplifting . enjoy reading on a daily basis . would recommend to all my family and friends to download .
i like the smell well enough , but i don't think it even lasts until i get to work . oh well .
not as convenient as i expected . the retractable cord is a little thin . otherwise the tangle free aspect is great .
the fabric is not like what's shown in the picture and that the length is very short . ask before buying
we have to eat gluten free in our house . we really liked this flour blend . it had a nice texture !
good old irish song for st . pat's day . phil reagan was an american actor and singer later arrested for political bribary
these are nice t shirts but are just too short . if you order these , make sure you order a size bigger .
harry bosch shows us his investigative and interrogation techniques , but these 'novellas' leave you wanting the depth of his novels .
it didn't fit my phone , but i thnk it was my mistake . i was not sure what model it was .
another sick addict and that is fine as they are so interesting . well researched and somewhat compelling . three more words
gibby was delighted with his new car . undoubtedly , he will get a lot of use and enjoyment out of it .
this dress did not fit me at all . the neckline hit awkwardly rubbing against my neck . looks wise as described .
lager than i thought . different effect with the model showing . if i gain kg more weight may be it will fit perfect
very pretty
okay book . enjoyed reading but story seemed jumpy in the telling . definitely teen reading with subject matter and shallow plots
my daughter loves this case but she is unable to open and close it and the latch keeps breaking off .
it's the next best thing to an otterbox . you won't regret the purchase . the different colors give it an edge .
i did not read this book but gave it away as a gift to someone who ask about it . sorry
would like more on how to find why its there what gold is doing in certain areas and not others
asian size , too small even a l size . fabric is ok and print is cute but too tight at chest
but expensive . could not find it elsewhere so i just have to get it here . wish it is more affordable
good book for a third grade reader . a little sad for kids who tend to be a more sensitive though .
this screen protector is only slightly tinted . it looks nothing close to the mirror like image you see for the product .
nice top but the material is kind of thin .
it wobbles too much for me , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
lost interest in it and removed it . just takes up space .
not the one i am looking for , quotes from bible too much , lack of further interpretation
its cheap thin rubber but it fits and gets the job done on my gmc envoy with kyb gr struts
silicon case very soft and needed to be cut to to cleanly see the knobs the picture clearly shows this
the sheriff dad was a bit too over the top in my opinion . for free it was a good movie .
it doesn't say how small this book is . good for a child but not good as a classroom read aloud .
was a short story . could have been more but not bad . it had a storyline and was easy to folow .
its just a party movie . party , laughs , dancing , exploding , short people , fighting , pools . just another party movie . that is all . really nine more words . now six more words really . not cool lol
the book have techniques that i already knew but can be helpful if you are trying to learn
its a nice drive , but usb . its a bit dissapointing . its not as fast as usb . hard drives
this shoe was fine looking , but ordered the narrow and it was still too wide for me . had to return .
we really like the concept . the breville pump is very noisy however . annoysome for such a beautiful appliance .
interesting story line but it was a little slow in some parts . i am ready to see the move now .
this was an okay book of fruit salad recipes . i didn't use any so finally deleted it from my kindle .
a great hit at first but as usual i have not seen it since .
helpful but had a few problems
the story line was engaging if somewhat absurd . as a comedy it was so so , with only the occasional effective joke .
it's ok ! just your basic mahjong game . nothing special . . . . . . . . . . . .
it arrived . it works , but it won't work without ink so a refill system needs to be added . utility value
these do what they are supposed to do . they do the job well . i have had no problems with these .
a good book , but not up to par with evanovich's number series .
fell apart quickly but i loved it !
great item , not the size i was expecting . they also broke on the way here and needed to be returned .
these badge holders are well made but do not fit standard badge pins . the holes are too far apart .
i would have rather read a jane austen's version . i did not feel like it went with the original story
well made good looking , holds my money cards well , but does not hold my android w otter box !
good quality as described , general and vague .
the short it to shortly , it's nice but it's to short , i liked any way , nice for person size medium
i have only used in times . blocks the snow from my face but seems to fog up pretty easily .
ok product
cord is a litte to short
i gave this as a gift to my daughter . she is studying japanese . my english is not so good . sorry
it's ok . i had a silver one that was a lot better . this one pulls now and then .
good product helped me out in a pinch sold it to a contractor worked out great for both of us
this was good for the price would by again just color was a little off from swatch blah blah bhal
well my son like it and that is what matters however , from an adult perspective it is a bit lame .
grandson liked it !
works great , but when the package arrived , the box the mouse pad came in was already open
after readng like pages i ask myself why am i reading this ? i am still asking the answer ?
the story started well but about halfway through took a slow dive . i enjoyed the setting and the characters , however .
when my baby was weeks old , at lbs oz , these socks were too small . i was disappointed in these .
a little weird . interesting but not worth buying .
it is just it is , but it is very expensive for its function and material
there was something missing in season four . maybe it was robert . it's too bad this series has ended . oh well !
this was really weird to see all of the old advertisements from around state college . that was the best part .
it s beautiful but unfortunately it s too small for the checkbooks in singapore . the workmanship was outstanding though .
for one mtn bike , worked perfectly . for the other , they were too small . oh well , they got it half right .
ok
delivery little bit slow , quite good the product
interesting and challenging ideas . repetition of scrap therapy annoying . i am cutting for my revenge class . it is so much fun .
the narration was a bit grating but the story was engaging . val kilmer did a stand up job as gay perry .
i use mostly for storage , but it holds almost all the different sizes , that any one would have kicking around .
works great , thanks .
eh . it's nothing to write home to mama about . just your typical horoscope . try it only if it is free .
although cheesie . it brings me back to the days of drive in movies and making out in the back seat .
i would have like to have the other knit hat but its price was so high i got this one
this book is printed in grayscale , not in color . i will update my review after i get into its content .
sprayer great , but have had to replace the china made tires and tube . they never lasted a day . tires are worthless !
its ok . the twist cap is a pain . however it steamed up fast and the size is great for travel
these are stylish but really not high end , the surround is chromed plastic and tends to be hard to clean .
rod seemed fine , however the reel would not spin even after checking it . somewhat disapointed .
great
not a bad knife , not a great knife . sharp out of the box , but the quality isn't above and beyond .
it was okay . easy read , predictable . shows difference between the way men women think .
every time i play a game it eventually glitches because there r no zombies anywhere and u cant do anything
its good enough for the price . it's a bit loose on my galaxy s but i like the light weight .
i like gratitude journals that have more words to guide the journaling . this book was ok but i've seen better .
keep your eye on that . interesting .
i love this brand but this particular scent is very masculine . i gave it to my husband . works nicely though
didn't stay on outside window very long
this book had no jacket cover so i was a little disappointed but it was in good shape otherwise . satisfied !
it was a good case although when i put it on my phone it was hard to take off again .
the product overall was great except missing part . return the item and ended of buying from local store
not as smoothing as i thought it would be
this product is not up to the mark , functionality of this product is not goodconair wj csr interplak dental water jet
this book is aimed at the executive suite not the first line manager .
it just repeat fighting and i traded it in you might like it just check out gamefaq . com for reviews okay
after a while the game just gets boring . i'm not trying to be judgey but the game sucks butt sometimes
this is the first time i order this cologne along with jaguar performance . i loved j performance much better than this .
my husband said these are okay , but not any better than cheaper ones . he said they dont get very loud
very slow charging
i bought this item because of the ac chargers , the others pieces kit are very bad .
i've ordered these three times as replacements . they don't last very long but they're worth what they cost . but not more .
nice looking shoes however , i had to return these shoes because they ran small size , no other size color was available .
pretty good but starts to not work as well pretty quickly
my kids love playing this game , so does mom . challenging enough for me easy enough for them . we all have fun
very cheap , took a few weeks of snail mail to get . no intructions . lights up by itself at random times .
find it awkward to use . will probably stick with one that goes on key ring .
great hole punch for the purpose to punch bone shaped holes in reward cards , but some what over priced .
great game . the extras are all on a code sheet minus stars .
it's not the quality i wanted
commentsto much washtenaw county . by comparison , not a great deal about the western route . if lewis clark is mentioned , i missed it .
beautiful images are throughout this movie . the story is romantic , without being vulgar .
my size is , so ordered size just in case . it came in and still seems somewhat small .
free kindle download , so my expectations were low hilarious . loved the husbands are blinded by competition and testosterone theme .
bought this for a gift . the reciepient loves the way it looks but it does not keep the correct time .
was disappointed with the text , binding , illustrations and generally . the data was fresh though and it was presented decently enough .
it had a lot of parts , but went together fine . just took some time . i did it while watching tv .
my yr old grandson wasn't interested . some of the experiments are ridiculous , requiring items not on hand ! really
it doesn't cost much and it holds your phone . what more can you ask for ?
it was too dark so i returned it . was reasonably darker than picture on website or the hat picture above .
poor citations , rendered with myth , not researched very well . little about how her fortune was won .
it has some nice handles and the flexibility to change bands makes it handy . the door accessories are also nice .
ambitious . not quite what it builds out to be . now just morbidly curious what it all ends like , hopefully good .
bought it because i realised magic bullet gasket is prone to breakage . it's the right fit , no complaints about it .
it took a long time and a lot of help to learn how to use it . but i got it ! finally !
it's ok for the price , but won't be buying this again . thought it would be a little more organized when received .
nothing special .
fun if you live in dc . wouldn't go out of my way to read again .
the wings only have feathers on one side . beautiful wings minus that one flaw . fit very nicely . very light weight .
having some issues with navigating it . it should be made kid and adult friendly and it's not but it's ok
it was a little slow , was still an okay read . . . . . . . . . . .
just wanted to add to my classic library .
it was not clean when i received it . also , some signs of burn was still on the hot plate section .
its ok
it is not as good as his other works . i found it a bit boring in parts with lots of repetition .
the air blowings between the protector and the surface of the tablet are numerousthey cannot be removed , it's a pity !
this is a very good book . deals with the in and out of the interior design standards
its salright . i still wish i could play brave frontier l . it leaves more to be desired that's for certain
i need something with more support but these have worked okay . i mainly wear the left hand glove . works mostly .
used as baby shower favors . you have to assemble , but were cute . i added a bag of tea with each .
prosgood utility for the price . protects the phone well . conscheap look though . can not say that from the photos posted .
the story is a little hokey . i love the idea but i was not impressed .
not worth the list price , but worth the sale price . looks ugly too .
the patent leather ripped after a few wears . quality not as expected . somewhat disappointed for the amount of money spent .
as with all francis films it was okay . would have been much better to get the navy one on dvd
the detective plot was tuck in to a story more about aids . too passive . very little action . no deep drama .
quality ok but failed notice there r no side pockets , which is a feature i require . plan exchg return
not as light as depicted . the names and product descriptions for this line of polishes are totally inaccurate and misleading
another philosophical book on passive income . all theory and little fact . good book to make one fall asleep . stars .
this is an acceptable product at a very reasonable price compared with the original product . it seems to be working .
even if is a nice watch , it wasn't brand new as promised by the seller , it was refurbished .
although i do like the taste of this product , i find that is extremely sweet and only drink it occasionally .
nothing special about this product . eventually the battery life doesn't last so long but you get what you pay for .
excellent product , very good material and beautiful color , material and beautiful color , only to that size came very very small
muy buena calidad , buen precioen mi lenovo no entra muy bien , sobra un poco en los costados .
it is ok and it definitely works as advertised , i was hoping for some more flexibility with shape and thickness .
not worth the money .
it was o . k . i still perfer her regular alpha series i want w to come out , let me know when
reasonable item for a child . strings have not held up with use by a three year old . she has enjoyed it .
worth a look if you like dopey cop comedies . lots and lots of f words which kind of became monotonous .
i bought this to accommodate a tonka dump truck . this thing fit inside the bed and was a smaller scale .
this is not bad , and not good . there is no sd card . i think , this is not brand new . this is open to battery cover .
all over the place . lost for words but i jumped on the ban wagon and that is what i get
poor editing and staccato story line . could have been much better but ended up just being okay . blah blah blah
not enough projects . it needs more imaginative ideas . the projects are old ones . more illustrations also . i wont purchase again .
it was a good movie . nothing out of the ordinary , but certainly worth the watch . richard gere is always good .
my grandchild loves this toy !
the band is very cheap , to thin and the clasp is also skimpy . battery change could be a problem as well .
wow , google operating systemi was looking for an android device and purchased this product in error . never used it .
i prefer my sugar scrubs to be a bit more abrasive and less oily . overall , it's not a bad scrub .
too much lint dust and it has to be washed twice before use . but overall they are soft and fluffy .
too hard to move the cue stick .
i ordered this after a beautician raved about it . i wasn't impressed my hair does better on other products .
shortens out very easily ! very cheap but doesn't last long . i'd rather just spend the on a new charger
hard to say free on the app store and super super super funny i liked that book you will to
this was misleading . the description says pcs but you only get eraser . we were extremely desappointed .
nice . happy with it
i was looking for an alternative to moroccan vegetable sardine , but after trying this sardine , i am still not convinced
it did not look like the picture on line . it was not what i expected but would recommend to friends .
i usually wear size in other foot wear but this one fits bigger than usual . but it looks great though .
this is hard to put away . it cuts into my sleep time . i am trying to not spend any cash .
have only used this once , but it did not seem to have much suction . retractable cord is a nice feature .
provide me with the ability to watch movies and other videos while i am on the go and or vacation .
this is a rather pedestrian novel and is not up to the standards set in bell s earlier alex hawke novels .
objects are too hard to find . blend it too much . picture is too cluttered liked the first one much better
this is smaller than i expected even though i measured prior to purchasing . it's nice for one cup of tea .
my child is not fascinated by this book as she is with others .
absolutely beautiful . my boyfriend really loved it and it arrived in perfect condition . i truly recommend this company will use again
the sillicon is too loose and the case keeps coming off ! it didn't mention that the case was very soft !
great if you want to increase your own awareness about the law of attraction , but this book is nothing special .
very basic . over priced . it worked , but it's a bear to wind keep wound while diving .
two of them were broke in half and only half of it worked and they didn't stick to anything
again another pair pf shorts with a short inseam and baggy crotch ! nice material and well made but to baggy
works great in the back yard !
please david , you are making me lose my love of the series .
for a short story it was ok . it ended rather abruptly though , left wanting even just a little bit more .
helpful , to a point . its great if you know absolutely nothing about kickstarter .
not as fun as other angry bird games . it is an okay game , i haven't had any problems with it .
i was given some of this by a friend and it did what i expected , so no problems to report .
the jacket is just like the picture
if this is the book i think it is , it is not long enough . it was short reading and cute .
these are very nice but i really thought they would have been longer in length and higher quality in fabric
i prefer hotel dash . but it's still a fun game to pass time . glad it was a free app game .
its rely biggood quality over all and its cheap rely camafloges in any envormentits huge thougth im cool
should have been released in blu ray rather than low rez television . rather disappointing actually . but its better than nothing
they do what you bought them for , but your ears are going to get awfully hot . range is just okay .
i had to return item . it was incompatible . i am awaiting a sales tax refund from amazon . thank you
great price and quick shipment . it was pretty simple to install and it does the job . so far so good ! .
just as advertised , straight black small barbell , nothing much else to say , got what i ordered , nothing special about them .
cute and the kids loved it , that is all i expected . if you expect more , you're bound to be disappointed !
they didn't last as long as i had hope they would needy to be replaced in less them months .
an easy to read and understand story . very good at describing . society at t the time . a little repetitive though .
normally i love susan wiggs . this is a good story , but not keeping my interest . hopefully the ending is better .
gameplay mediocre not as good as previous iterations presentation superb great music and visuals narrativ awful characters , plot , dialogue all cringe worth
nice boot for the price .
the concept is great , the book is long .
enjoyable enough of a read but the writing isn't always the strongest .
this product was ok but need to wear body suit underneath if you are modest person . it's very see through .
very tight at ankles unnecesarily so . i have really skinny ankles . they barely go over my heels with a struggle .
this is good for a beginer . not for intermediate or advanced for sure . good basis to start .
didn't last a year , the top buckles came off when my years old dropped my ipad .
this movie was a little hard to follow . it was ok and the acting was adequate . nothing spectacular or special .
looks great , but not very conformable !
edward norton is a great actor and does an excellent job as bruce banner . well worth watching , better writing too .
generally helpful but , lacks in depth meanings of some of the words . better than using the regular dictionary .
excelent gift for anyone you love , the gem was a little big , but for the price you can't beat it !
more words required . more words required . more words required . more words required . more words required .
fast moving intricate schemes mostlly believable fun to read .
don't play it .
decorations fell off before even wearing
it would help if all the pieces for the extra mount were in the box . return shipping is a hassle .
not very stable but it's ok .
i've gotten these before and for some reason i can never get them to work .
wish he would finish the series already , too much going on and the next book needs to conclude this mess .
chris robinson has taken this ship way off course , zapping all pop smarts from this and gary's solo cd .
pretty nice make you smell horrible tho
this book was a decent read . continuation of part . i'll read part iii only to find out what happens .
i thought this was the regular freecell but it wasn't . i already had a game like this on my tablet
a wonderful childhood memory with a unique collaboration of classic performers . story could have been better .
this was a fun read . i particularly enjoyed the characters of the wives . i hope the author writes a sequel !
i would like it better if it gave more rewards daily but its okay for just slots made by me
this is a modern romance with theories and affairs addressed . but the characters childhood obsession with each other lives on !
love it !
okay book . took a while to really get into it , but i finished it . not too excited about this book .
great handle but the blade is a bit small . otherwise great detail on the handle love the feel and shape
the description says , but when i received them inflated ball , it measured only in diameter ! disappointing .
could not fill it up
just ok
too expensive , no very impressive withperformance
this book is encouraging , good to see others that aren't perfect parents but love their children with all their heart .
it's cute . i dropped my phone once and no damage was done so the case pretty much does it job .
okay
i am unable to get my covers where i used to . these are a fairly good value . good service . thanks
good sound quality . slight delay on audio when watching video . very poor range compared to other bt equipment i own .
the product did what it was supposed to but i found it too bulky and there was only one remote .
it does work but i really can't give a full review until we put it in the pool in june
it is nice . i like it . came packaged nicely and works like a bowl should .
needs to come with better instructions although somewhat bulky i have yet to see the results but hope to soon
this book was recommended by a friend . it was ok but nothing special . i didn't think it was that funny .
its fun but not very active i only play it when i am bored but it can be very entertaining
not great for plus size with a bigger tummy . it just accentuates the stomach . not what a larger woman needs .
i played it too much . after a while you forget about the sims and hope they die sometimes . grrrrr .
entertaining , though it would have made for a much more thrilling pace . the ending was disappointing . just enough for holiday reading .
good movie for holidays or a romantic night , not a great plot though , it's predictable but still , enjoyable . it's okay .
an easy read . annoying at times because ms . steel repeats herself too much .
makes very good coffee but be careful not to use over sized pod as the top will be stuck shut .
i would no buy it , look around for a better product . i would not buy it for a security .
i really loved the color and the way it fit . unfortunately it was very thin . not see through but thin .
hmm . sure doesn't give me any better balance than i already had ? kinda makes you look like an idiot really .
it's fine for daily use , it gives nice fresh smell ! . it will not give you the extremely white color .
when i got the case and put it on , it never fit and wouldn't snap on all the way .
shows promise .
of sets have broken . one transmits only , one receives only . when they work , they are just fine .
it was an ok case
i should have read the first one , before reading this one . i would have enjoyed it better .
too tiny to talk aboutit isn't even big enough to read with out my glasses and a good light
the other big nate were better . reading them in order is better . my favorite book is probably big nate strikes again .
a little slow but it was an easy read
i was highly disappointed and it does a poor job of a sorority paddling .
the movie was good . amazon's streaming video stinks . the cast was well chosen . typical hollywood movie about making a movie .
the wife seems to like it . being a guy , i'm gonna go along with her decision on this . well made .
i bought this sport watch thinking it was solid and durable , but after month is stop working .
it was funny . it was cool . it was crazy . i liked it . wow ! i recommend this book to you . by
does the job
the book was over priced ! well written but people are taking advantage of readers of the dubliners series .
i tried it on my player in the house and in the car . some of the songs will not play .
really getting sick of the does he she love me crap . had to finish it to finish the series .
kinda cheap looking . it's just ok .
medium size too big for me . had to return it . looks nice though . next time ill order size small
grandson didn't find this game as much fun as the zingo game . perhaps he will like it better next year .
passable
i got this view is a present for a friend . they came in as advertised and fit well . no complaints .
not my favorite in the series , but still good . okay graphics , plenty of ways to kill people to pass time .
it was not the right size . so i had to send it back . i think i ordered the wrong size .
my granddaughter was thrilled to receive her elsa dress . however the fabric was very rough and scratchy .
. and a lot of filler . awful drumming , too it isn't cute , it's amateurish .
this movie was pretty dumb . i laughed as i felt mt own iq drop a little , i watched it anyways .
according to the label , here is theamount per servingl arginine hydrochloride . . gl ornithine hydrochloride . mg
i liked the realness and simplicity of the movie . also the believable emotions displayed by the cast . also beautiful scenery .
what do you want for a block of wood rating ? it's woody and blocky . does the job .
it was okay , did not realize it was going to be so short of a story , but it was good .
i though that the remote was included , but it is not . i'd like to see clearly that in the description .
i brought this for a gift for my brother , as a x mas gift , i haven't sent it to him yet .
not bad for however bathing suit doesn't come w a neck strap and bottoms run small ! top is fine . thanks !
pretty fun game . online sucks really bad though , the servers are always down so it kind of ruins that aspect .
loved the first one . why stars ? because , of the sound ! no surround ? i mean why such low volume ?
nice bedroom system small and sounds great
okay game . very fun to start but was repetitive as you you go higher in the levels .
there was a nasty stain of who knows what on the cartridgw it was disgusting but the game works fine
pretty good glasses . a little disappointed that they are made in china . but still fit well and feel sturdy enough
i enjoyed reading the true stories listed in this book . it's important to put god first and always be thankful .
was going to give it stars , but once i can't get it back on my kindle after trying to upgrade .
buena lectura . entretenida . la recomiendo . te mantiene en suspenso con el destino de los protagonistas y la historia es interesante .
pretty good app , but there are a lot of words that don't make sense . i think they should fix that .
not too bad , but ended up returning it because of the lag with fast typing .
cd was lose in box haven't got to look for scratches yet xmas present so don't know yet if ok
they are much too long for my bike . i guess i could have know this .
i love the color . material not so muchgood value for the price and it does what is supposed to do
it's a well made pacifier but my baby was just not interested . my dog loved it tough .
chocolate is not vanilla . i received delicious cookies nonetheless but it was certainly not what i ordered . quite disappointing , really .
it was useful in passing time , but i would not read again . maybe the second book might provide more excitment .
better on mirror than wall
ok but not a nice sculpted fit . seems to be put together well though . good for protecting flashlight from bangs and bumps
the battery finish very fast .
was pretty ripped and worn around the edges . feel like i could have gotten a better product for my money
i thought it was something else , but it is only a carton box that can get damaged at any time .
replacing the heads seems to have improved the quality of my shave somewhat .
it works
i purchased these for my husbands work . the material is easy to wash with no fade out and wrinkle free ! j
for my grand daughters wedding party . don't have any idea what i will do with it after that ? do you ?
seems like a canadian production as far as story and production values but it was actually filmed in kentucky .
the blanket was great , but it took over weeks to ship to me ugh
this book seemed like it would never end . always drama or misunderstandings and it wasn't my favorite of this series
this collection is filled with choral numbers sure to mellow you right the out .
i've heard bad things about vista so wanted a copy of the xp on hand .
average game . you don't win very often . as any other game you losetrack of time . haven't tried with the multi player .
my opinion of this book echo the other reviewer who thought it was just ok .
chocolate is not smooth nor shiny over almonds . taste all right . not a thriller .
illustrator is a very learning intensive program . this book offered a lot of new techniques but did't totally hit the mark .
it's a just okay not that informative ! was not impressed with selection of info included ! so it is merely okay then
good read and left you wanting more . i really liked the main characters . need more info on tristanking's life .
i was mis lead . not what i was looking for .
this mother had a strong love for her daughter to allow the not knowing kidnapper back in her daughter's life .
it's ok but not my favorite game . not enough challenges and rewards . kind of boring . could use some interesting challenges .
good general information , would have liked to have had more background information . wish it had more information about the queens ,
what i disliked about site is that the total number of skeins is not stipulated . or what total yardage included .
i actually though these were larger bands . i love the style but i think it's cheaply made . wouldn't recommend purchasing .
i just can't get into daniel craig as bond . the script was just ok . decent action . but that's about it
this is addictive i like it yes i do . ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
overall the unit is pretty nice , but is a little complicated to use and does not give the best routes .
a bit disappointed as the title was more interesting than some of the content . but i did finish it finally .
on level terning is not so great so i guess it is good an that's my storypeople
one of the tube sliders is smaller than the other one . wonder if they checked the package before it was sent
a bit big and compilcated to wear , but still cool . strongly recommended to wear a hat with it . perfect for masqerades .
bought more for the group as they like how they worked and will reorder when we need them again here
probably worth what i paid . glass is low quality and wavy . met my minimum requirements . handle is cheap black plastic .
more of a summed up version . guess cant complain much for free , but still these summed versions are getting annoying
a little small but cute
the book was ok . very predictable but overall a good storyline . would recommend but not as a first choice . eh .
what can i say about this ? it is just another overpriced tabloid that i did not decide to subscribe to .
so far it works . the servings though i don't think are accurate . so i use the servings slot
i'm still learning . more to it than meets the eye . i thought this would be simple ! it's not ! thank you
i bought the sock for my son but i am now wearing , it is too small for a size .
my husband is a big fan of this author's work . it's spy stuff . i haven't read any of them myself .
lovely item but way to short and not comfortable as you wrap around your neck . a bit of a disappointment .
cuz is not as sexy or nice fitting price was nice and color madebe it needs a little faux fur
i suppose this is working okay but i really can't see any difference . i probably will not order this again
makes you think about how short time is and your family time is so precious and short . enjoy every day
the picture is deceiving its much smaller then it looks like in the picture
when you close the cover it does not go on sleep mode or when you open it screen stays off
its okay . its a striker . may be the board is not seasoned , the striker seems to not flow smoothly .
very good item
not very bright .
just ok , much to expensive for what it is , plastic serving set . but , i am going to keep it anyway .
didn't fit with the life proof case on my iphone . they were also too short . ended up returning them . dissappointed .
this shirt is just a little too small but i'll keep it . hope it does not shrink any time soon .
good one
good , but like the smaller ones a little . this one holds a larger photo which is great ! great product idea .
the case is ok except for the slight smell coming from the case that i fear could be somewhat toxic .
the wind wheel is fantastic , i wish the stand were a bit more sturdy .
it's okay . you can play different games .
entertaining
great color , great shape . only issue is that they a little tight on the temple . but i do like them !
some decent tips to take away from this book . recommended for those people without much time for self help books .
had already been introduced to these characters in bloodline . now hooked . couldn't put it down . thank you james rollins . dm
still trying to figure out how exactly to work it without more time trouble than just toting yak . but will
does what they said , but stick w stanley . neiko is not as sturdy as stanley . do urself a favor . go stanley !
these are much flimsier than the other aahh bras i have bought online . however they will suffice for casual wear .
didn't enjoy this one as much as the introduction novel , but i'm still interested enough to want to read more .
i was disappointed by this set . maybe i am spoiled by sergio marconi'sfilms .
this is an ugly moss green as opposed to the electric green shown in the picture . disappointing . they work fine though .
why do i have to put a comment , i just want to rate it . the movie was ok not great .
wish the tubes were bigger .
nic e dress but the battery run s out quikly
quality was great but the price was not . paid over . dollars for two sets of the club penguin figures .
now foods mood support with st johns wort veg capsules , count . i can't feel the result . i feel normal nothing happen .
the story line is simple predictable . it is an easy beach read , but the story does jump around slightly .
my computer's fingerprint reader doesn't work , i need to replace it , but the performance is great !
what kind of ending was that ? i wanted danny and michael to get married . for uncle jonas to get busted . disappointing .
these were ok . after using them for a little bit . the outer case stretched .
thought it was bigger than what i ordered , different products that we excepted from hanes . nice long sleeve and color .
nice quick read . sting seems to have all in order . he does not need w . w . e now . would have been nice five years ago .
i should have taken large , it is a bit too small . i would recommend this glove to my cycling team
not too good . did not like it much . the actions are dull and not stylish enough . the film is old
ok album .
they are cute , but were not to comfortable wheni first put them , i guess i have too keep wearing them .
it was good a little jumpy at times and there are a couple grammatical mistakes but still a good book .
i love the regular caribou , but this one is tangy . i don't like it at all .
this game is okay , but it's not as interesting as playing the real game of checkers . i find it boring .
i dont get it really i wish i did but the baby is so cute i named him jamey !
there were interesting sections but then i had to push myself through till i got to another interesting section . i
it's a very cool knife but a little slow to take out of the sheath and it didn't come sharp
i must not have realized that though it's wide it's not tall enough for my projector . it's sitting in storage
works well if you use your windshield but if you use the extra suction plate it is difficult to attach .
i gave the items to my son , he has the table . dont have anything else to say about them done .
stand does not fit on key broad . worng stand . would not buy one again . stand doe not line up with stand sorry
was not unpleasant movie . movie kept me on my seat the whole time , cute pilot , quite exciting .
ingredients were hard to find and too expensive .
i had a hard time getting into this read . i made it until about and gave up there . sorry .
good product but it is quite noisy when in operation
this book flows rapidly and predictably . still for any sg fan is a worthwhile and fun book .
good
my brobro loved it but he is elcic thinks differently . but it does give ideas to work with . q , frg
the taste was just alright . ordered this when unable to get jj shakes , so it sufficed for the time being .
rather short and not as descriptive as i would have hoped , but an interesting twist . for the price im happy
straps could be a little softer where they rub my small toes . great comfortable soles and easy to walk in .
please add more pogo games like canasta , daily crossword puzzles , everybody loves bingo , lottso express , bingo luah , and many more
i like the product but i am not sure the readings were accurate . the readings always seemed to be high .
ok sheets
the plug is very finicky , i haven't bothered to try to get it to work , because it doesn't stay secure .
ion i bought it for someone else she haven't said anything was wrong with it so i'mguessing it was awesome
increase size of digits to fill the screen . i can't play sounds and see the clock at the same time ?
it came without directions . it is loose and i am unable to tighten it the main part of the stand .
the clips that hold them to your ankles come off easily , very troublesome in the water but ok for swimming
it is the same as my original antenna . so i guess you get wht you pay for no more no less .
its really just a regular skirt i actually got this skirt to wear to church so it serves its purpose
yes , they are organic . yes , they are pretty great . unfortunately , i had a few accidents using these . so buyer beware .
the concept was original . the illustrations were good . i'm interested to see where it goes . i'll read the next one .
would not wear again . but was easy to decorate and the price was right . would order again for a one time affair .
this product is really helpful to me because it can give my hands andshoulder a break without skipping a beat .
i think you should just let people go on for the rest of the levels instead of paying for them
got this from macys online for half the price . nice set for a guestroom but not for an everyday room .
it doesn't look as big as photos . it would be perfect if it is made out of little harder material .
this was an easy and gripping read ! i look forward to reading more detective and mystery stories from this author .
haven't read this yet . i downloaded this book for my daughter and she has been too busy to read it .
its ok but it needs mods for . . so if u update it ut of so please update it
love the tv series but the book fell short . an ok read but not great . i would not recommend it .
spoiler alert . contains a dark tower tie in . sort of forced , but worth the half hour it took to read it .
not a bad story , but definitely not for youngsters . it is an interesting idea on where society coul go however .
only came with one of the american flag pendants , which is one of the symbols of this brand . definiely dissapointed
decent app for free . not amazing but has all the basics you need to kill some spare time at the airport
the grocery list was too large and would be too expensive for the average person . the recipes ooked very good .
hi , i would appreciate any help on how to access the practice tests if you bought the digital edition . thank you , jaime
not a bad horror movie , mini spoiler sortabut i am one of those that like an explanation about creature features .
blue color is very nice and i love the inside of the tote , but i thought it would be bigger
does anyone which song is playing when elle is driving towards bud's trailer ? its like this guitar driven rock song .
does not fit truck which is main reason i bought two . haven t triesd in car yet will do when warmer
i haven't hooked this up yet but it looks nice and appears to be of good quality .
doesn't fit on holster . at least on the holster i bougth at the same time from the same company .
i checked the measurements but it still seems a bit large bummer for something that is supposed to be snug
i think the material and jokes are predictable . very short book . nevertheless less i love joan r . she is a hoot .
ok , works well . i have dropped it a few times and so far it ain't broke yet ! knock on wood !
it can be very painful to use without a cushoning towel over it which may then lower it's overal effect
the biggest plus for this story is that it takes place in ireland !
these are nice scissors . seem to be made well . will not cut off some items that good . only used twice .
mine fell apart the first day . had to super glue it back together
granted these were not expensive , so the quality reflects that price point
this item was purchased as a gift and as far as i know , it worked as advertised . would purchase again .
didn't realize it was all comics . thought it was going to be a story to read to my daughter .
perhaps the one i received is defective by bad luck , but sometimes , only left speaker would play and very loudly .
the sweater is thinner than i was thinking . feels cheap . will not order another . doubt these will keep anyone warm .
deleted because i felt it was not dealing correctly
great starbucks coffee taste . not the first hint of vanilla . very disappointing if you ordered it for the vanilla fusion .
check the dimensions . this one fits in the palm of your hand and is not too convenient for desk use .
seems flimsy . time will tell when i have my surgery this fall and need to use it .
it was agood movie didnt like how it ended but a funny movie to watch good enough to watch again .
useful if you have a larger geomag set . there are very few pieces in this box .
interesting continuation after years for characters to age
story almost like back to the bedroom . just doesn't have elsie in it . cute and a quick readready for more plums !
works but i switched to a mirror that attached to my handlebar
much to big for my use , and not thick enough
need a headphone jack . this radio did not have one . otherwise the product is very good . return procedure was smooth .
easily breaks when getting in my car . not as strong as the otter box case but the price was nice
it has lots of information , but would appeal more to someone who has an airline background .
arrived in a small box . these are my first pair of ballet shoes but i wish they had better straps .
great book , but story felt a little rushed . i would've liked to know a lot more about the characters personality .
i was disappointed that it had no handle as it gets very hot naturally , and that could pose a hazard
i did not taste the wilderness , as the package said . they just tasted like chocolate covered raisins .
this book is a little hard for me to get interested in . but has a lot of good tips .
not a complete and utter waste of time and energy . some editing problems but otherwise entertaining read , interesting mythology . goodbye
very short book with limited explanations of the topic . quite normal for a book this size . it is ok anyway
nice set but runs really small
color is not transparent , but the two purple , to spread several layers of color will look plump , overall was ok .
good readable book from this author but perhaps a bit predictable . having said that i enjoyed the characters story .
battery was fine and worked good for months and it stopped charging recently followed instruction dunno what happen c
this item works as advertised , but doesn't have shuffle mode . it looks like an ipod shuffle , but it is not .
other than vanilla , almond extract is the other necessary extract to stock for baking especially italian baking .
a good read . however , proof reading was obviously omitted . it became very annoying throughout the book . interesting characters and plot .
i like to wear outdoors in cool weather for yard work , walking , etc . also like indoors during the cold weather .
ok , for someone else .
it worked but was just okay , ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok . ok .
i bought this book for a class and i couldn't complain about the price . it was a great deal . cool
i read the whole book but it was definitel not an easy read . this book was rather vanilla in content .
cord is a foot too short
after reading this book , i have heard about this from other leadership books . it was an ok book to read .
good
the bristles are a little too soft for cleaning tires rims . the handle is comfortable and easy to use .
yellow color is not like the photo , it is so poor . hope you improve your business in the future . thanks ,
didn't keep the coffee hot . in the beginning git did , after weeks not .
not for everybody takes time but is funi haven't play long . need to make friend on it haven't yet
the book very . engaging to read non stop 'page turner i would 'recommend this book for action , accurate story reads enthusiast
this is the first time i have used this type of device . i was very comfortable and easy to use .
the stiching started coming at the bottome by these second week ! one would think they would make a bandanna sturdier .
nice but not cut as well as store bought
shams were a little sheer for my taste , but they shipped fast and were as advertised . thanks !
way too big for the macbook air . had to complain at the price point but i'll never use it .
i love the jeans , but it was too small to be size . what else i can say . thank you
the book contradicts itself a few times . the online quizes if you do them are a disaster full of errors .
good ideas , who has the time to sit and do all this on a weekday but for the weekend okshopprepcookreally !
i didn't read the fine print so i didn't know it was so old . it did not last very long .
fits flimsy , nice case if it fit better itd be perfect but it gets in the way of the buttons
the hands are difficult to see because of their color , chrome . white would be swell . the strap is short as well .
quite ok , fabric quite ok . fit is quite comfortable and looks quite good , would recommend this one to people . yes
order a couple sizes larger than your normal size . this is about a medium in men's . good quality fabric , however .
this is an ok book if your looking to waste time . but jeff ross isnt known for book writing . so
it does the job it was designed for and it was very easy to install . i would recommend this item
works well . not sure if it will last more than a couple of summers .
nice and soft way too big for me . i need something a lot smaller cause i have no neck .
its okay , give a little protection . would have to glue to the fob to really protect it . blah blah blah .
tina fey did a nice job movie was not what i expected though . worth a watch . worth the cost
works as advertised . but leaves the little holes in the bread . maybe i'll line it with parchment paper to eliminate that .
in my opinion , not well written . not a stand alone read . would make a better story if condensed with third publication .
it is too flimsy with the holes in it , but i like having the track to keep the cutter straight .
i found this book to be a big disappointment . just not what i expected or needed .
this product does work , however , it must be used in conjunction . with another product . wil not solve problem by itself
ordered it early for my sisters b day so not sure if she will like it just gotta wait and see
not as good as the glenn close version
with all the hype about it , i expected more . it's just ok .
slow moving boring the story started out pretty good but did not keep the readers attention not what i expected
not a bad yarn . it never stops moving once it gets going . too many just in time parts for me .
i like the game but it freezes too much . wish it would not since it is such a good game .
two of these black white perfect fit one gray color was to tight can u replace with white
used on my bench sander ok . took a while to track as well as more expensive belts . will order again .
it is a good product to use on teflon or non stick pans that you don't want to get scratched .
i thought it was a good story line and had a lot of potential but was to short and incomplete .
this plan is just too restrictive for me personally , other wise i think the plan is a great idea !
i was disappointed in how heavy this food processor turned out to be . it is not for an older person .
not what i expected
people are complaining that these plugs are peach and not flesh tone , when the title clearly says peach color plugs .
easy to install but the fuel gauge is off a needle or two so not bad . at least it works !
it's a really nice product , but this is way too expensive for this item . it's way cheaper on wal mart . com .
good ash tray i just wish the lid screwed on tight . the friction fit is already loose after a month
it was okay my son had a hard time playing it and it was mainly for him to play it
characters were interesting . seemed little uncorked in the end , became sorta of an easy expected end and all things happy .
this book was fun to read but patterns . in my thought . seem to be more appealing to young adult knitters .
the clapper fell out of it first time she used it . i repaired it with tape . ok for the money !
wish numbers were lighted . my son loves it . could be bigger . overall ok , not sure would buy another one . thanks
silly for dogs . cats maybe . but they are as advertised can't blame sellers . just cat qualiy nit dog
good book , knew some already but overall had some new fun stuff ! worth the read and purchase thank you
the posts that came with the earrings aren't very secure , my daughter lost different earrings different days swimming .
the leather on the clip came loose and creates problems when clipping it to your belt . ok . ok . ok . ok .
seems to be different categories but the boards all look the same . the enlarging feature is annoying . it's just ok .
color wears off with a couple of wash
back not high enough . great for teens . adjusts height easily . red is real red . it is more for kids room
interesting but difficult of rme to read for some reason . i did enjoy it , just didn't think it was great .
ok . good story but not a great plot . easy to read and characters are enjoyable . bit of an unbelievable plot
its a okay song i have heard much better by the band i meen it is fun to listen to
my grandson loves it but beware it is already coming apart . i've alreadyhad to sew his head back on .
my catscram didn't work for my cat so i loss money by buying this . regardless , it was always getting loose .
not mine belongs to ex this is so wron why do i have to comment i did not red it
i like the camera except for the least movement makes the pictures blur , my last nikon coolpix took better pictures .
i didnt expect it to crackle so much
cannot charge a iphone and ipad at the same time . for me the charger should be able to charge both
this was ok didn't look the same on an actual person as it des on the pic , oh well .
this was an interesting account , but was missing something ! it was too surface for me , but provided an ok overview .
it was okay as short stories go but much prefer full length novels . will look out for her latest novel .
i haven't seen any change in the fullness of my eyelashes . but i keep hoping it'll kick in soon !
my of my disc were scratched when i got them so that is a problem
comfortable sleep short .
just starting this , since it's a day by day advent program . it is rather dry and not compelling so far .
i was not as good as i had anticipated . i like barbra but do not know what i was expecting
it wasn't worth it , to small and i thought that i could make it work , but my husband loves it , thanks
fast paced summer read
it did not discolor like the others , and i am hoping it does not . it looks good on the bracelet .
i really liked the book until the part where werner died . for me the book ended at that point .
ok movie .
it works , thats about all . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
it was an enjoyable read although it didn't stay with me after i read it like really excellent novels do .
my title pretty much says it all . not particularly bad , not particularly good .
good descriptive book for bird wathcers .
good classic movie that we tend to forget about
i try to fry fish an it was impossible . at f . i will call the manufacture today . . .
don't glow a whole lot but i still like them and they just need more charging than other ones do .
it's ok a little tight i will still try to wear the shoe even with it being a little tight not happy
this book is ok but i mostly used the black and decker guide to basement renovation . it had more information .
the piece connecting the top to the bottom is too long . other than that , i think that it fits fine
the product did not meet my expectations as relative to the firmness of it . i need something not as hard .
it's worth noting the information and seeing that in using her suggestions , you will break the habit of isolation .
although this shirt is almost a xl , it is a short xl .
good book . but . too much social interaction on the space station . i prefer more techincal action type of book .
this mix has really boomy bass and not in a nice way .
the information was enough to get my attention but too little detail as to which fruit , veg etc to eat
it is what it is ! it was bought for a joke and there were laughs so it did the trick .
good story , but not really a body farm story , unless you count the very brief reference on the last page .
this product is designed for the right handed savage r rifle . will not fit the left handed savage r model .
this cd is worth buying , but it is not as amazing as the die hard fans say .
the rack is great but the cover is terrible . cover ripped the first day . it is too flimsy and lightweight
this movie does keep your attention i dorecommend it has a good plot .
it's a decent book . not bad if you are just starting off in understanding construction and graphics .
the story is fantastic but i didn't feel like i ever got to really learn who the main characters were .
great start good potential . gets muddy in the middle and frankly i could care less by the end of it .
did not push two small s very hard but still sounds okay
continues with known characters . some basic spy cloak and dagger stuff . at times predictable . but good easy reading if youlike the nazi south america link
hp ink cartridige black does not hold enough ink to go along with the capasity of printingfor the printer .
maybe i misunderstood , but unless i did something wrong , i don't think the snake actually wiggles . kids still had fun .
they fit comfortably and are very discrete but i had slight ringing in my ears after a night of clubbing .
construction not of a good quality . broke after limited use . seams gave way very quickly . good sound .
show looks good , but plots a little lame . plots not realistic , but figured they wouldn't be . still quite entertaining .
this would be a wonderful book , but it has been published with tiny print , too small to enjoy the content .
plastic piece where pants go spins around making it difficult to hold . otherwise it gets the job done pretty well .
to see the world through the eyes of a boy who suffers autism . his logic and naivet eacute and pure soul .
this lasted months then had to be replaced . i have learned to buy a better brand of toilet seat .
it does fill u up , in belly
but i never mastered the art of getting the powder to fully dissolve . a good quick afternoon pick me up .
it is a fun read , no comparison to the classics , like , but entertaining and with a new perspective .
it is real sterling silver , but it's a bit large . i still like it , but it's bigger than i thought .
predictable . typical wedding flick . certainly no stellar performances from the cast of heavy hitters . i'm glad it was a prime freebie .
the stand got stuck and popped off . but for . i really can't complain to much .
the bread was a little sweet and it crumbled . i followed the directions , but it did not turn out well .
okay . not amazing . slow . found my mind wondering . do not know if i will take time to watch it again .
i accidentally ordered a very old version . i need an updated one . but this was excellent information in its time .
i like the music , but the cover creeps me out . what's up with those googly eyes on a doll ? creepy .
nothing to write home about . just average . not at all up to their face serums . dont waste your money .
cords tear easliy . bought two and already have to replace one
great for the price and came earlier than expected but doesn't actually say nintendo game boy like i'd have liked
i've owned this book before , and the one i had was larger . this one is small and hard to read .
very simple movie , with a simple topic . nothing spectacular , a movie to watch when there is nothing better to do .
so far , no side effect , i guess i need to take some longer time in order to see the result .
the roll is good , but not firm enough for my needs . it's soft and just doesn't offer enough support
i find that anonymizer doesn't slow down the internet connection too much , but that it crashes often .
my daughter really likes the shoes , but the size ran a little big . of course , she still wears them anyway .
these were purchased for my mother . she has noticed less battery time and some were dead right from the start .
useful item good quality
it was great for the price i needed . i think i could have found it a little bit cheaper though .
a fun game . interesting to play , not fond of having to go back and starting over when you die . but worth trying
it was okay i loved it but i had to buy another one because it was to small . but cool .
is as an ok movie . i'd watch it again but not a movie for just dudes . hope others enjoy it .
somewhat disapointing so far . the nyt new yorker made it sound more edgy
you get what you pay for . it works okay . not the brightest ring light , but is better than nothing .
too graphic for me although it does enlighten one .
the word deluxe describes the larger size . it's bigger than a normal potato peeler . should work well with all vegetables
does not put i pad to sleep as stated in the info on the item . fit is good . closes good .
the mirror part for the screen protector is fine but i cant see my messages , pictures and things as good .
ran small . seems to wash well . good graphic . there is really nothing else to say . i would buy it again .
covers are nice but don't expect them to fit them in a decent size truck . should fit in most cars
the only thing they was not all leather upper . whenever i when online to order they was all leather upper .
i mean i like most mac products , but the color is not quite as pictured , it is still nice though .
great production values , but mediocre story . turn off your disbelief and enjoy the action , don't worry about the loose ends .
doesn't have the rich nutty , cheesy taste i'm used to . mixes well and was reasonable , but i'll stick with bragg .
trivet set hot pad was to small , expected larger sizethe regular size plate would be to big to sit it on
works ok . not nearly as effectove as a gas edger
bag is very cute , but also pretty heavy . looks more structured than it really is . i sent this item back .
it is just a bit to big for the front pocket . i might try the smaller version . thickness is ok
i wasn't really it this book . seem to me like it dragged on . not really much action in this book .
we have purchased approximately ten of these sensors . they work fine , unless exposed to extreme hot weather or direct sunshine .
read this book for book club . book has a good message about the environment . but found it was too preachy .
nice size camera case which included the carrying strap . the only problem was the poor zipper which failed fairly quickly .
loved game at first . then it kept repeating same categories over and over til it finally stopped . now it is doing alright .
the denim was a little thin , but good color . no adjustable elastic inside ! my son has to wear a belt .
even though the expiry date was well in the future , the cookies were quite soft and tasted as if old .
glad i bought a three of them since the price was so low . already had fail
its ok
again not what i expected and it came all bent in a huge box for no reason . not buying again no .
fits well and looks great . flannel lined and nice colors . have not used enough to comment in dirability yet . thanks .
i'd give them four stars , but . a month and a half after using them , and they only work in one ear .
it is a great product and it does what it should but it is quite bullky .
the shoe is beautiful however the fit at the front is very tight . it is not made for wide feet .
they're beautiful but they shift a lot , i am constantly having to readjust them but they are very nice otherwise .
worked nicely on ipads , tv screens , and car windshield , but after first washing did not work as well .
interesting exploration of sexual roles giving new meaning the oepidus complex . huffman deserved the oscar !
good value . at times the cable is not recognized by my iphone or ipad . price was great vs at t . happy
i ordered this because i thought it looked cool , but it's big , almost the same size as my wallet .
it's not fair price for such a little plant . but it did come on time , and in good condition .
not enough cinnamon taste for me . i think they should add more . kinda disappointed . gonna stick with wild blueberry flavor .
will save screen on drops
i really like the looks of this set , but it arrived damaged and i am still waiting for replacement parts .
moved well , easy to followwould have liked more historical detail . recommend read between dan brown books . will not read another .
okay really not much to say work as supposed to teen aged daughter thinks they are okay to . thank you .
a little too simple . it's not that easy to do things . not much character development . pretty predictable . not very suspenseful .
had trouble with flame height .
these are okay , the stones are super tiny , so they are hard to see . but i do like them . okay .
i usually wear xl but this xl slightly too big but overall , it's ok and wearable and comfy and airy
very well made . just what i wanted . the price was also good . going to use to take my yorkie fishing .
it's cool
i didn't pay attention to the dimensions . it was a little bigger than i had hoped . it worked as advertised .
nothing special , just another plastic pick . not bad , not outstanding . just an average run of the mill plastic pick .
a teenage slasher movie in a short book .
very small . easy to put together . but time consuming . all the bugs cine apart and fall out .
a bit pricey though ! i hope they hold up since they are being used outdoors . we'll see . time wll tell .
this game is okay but i am not really into it . it didnt catch my attention like some games do .
for a free song , this is ok . nice sound . probably wouldn't run out and get an entire album of them .
however , the introduction of the amazon is wrong , the material is not cotton , but full of nylon cloth , too failed .
not your everyday kind of foods cookbook . didn't find very many of the foods i like to eat included there .
i haven't tried it yet so can't really say . but shipping was very satisfactory and product arrived in good order .
not really very helpful . will keep trying it to see if more use makes a difference . won't order it again .
the quest is compelling in part but it drags on too long in lookingfor the what their searching for .
it's a little too slow paced for me , but i've always liked pac man . played it on tv years ago .
this collar has a short battery life and you can hear the sound it makes . the dogs are still barking .
i don't know much about rubber mallets but it does what its made to do .
i do not know what this is . did i pay for it or was it something free for the kindle ?
interesting stuff .
not a lot of info and it dragged on for min , not cool when i paid money for it
great pictures and wide scope , but not much detail .
was given as a gift to grandchild . it was what he requested , and the price was decent . no complaints . ok
too hard for most children in my opinion . they may need an adults help to get very far at all .
hd is not very good netlix is better hd can fix the problem , i'm really thinking of canceling my subscription
this size xl hoodie was more like a mens large . otherwise a nice shirt . may have been sized for women .
cute purse for the money .
the pendant is o . k . , but the chain broke into the first day .
the cut isn't right . covers my camera and speaker .
i wasn't expecting the fly zipper and button with drawstring pants so i returned one pair but kept the other .
thas puzzle was a big hit for a family get away ! everyone added to the completion ! it was lovely too .
cons . you have to connect it to usb . it is not that much comfortablepros . it really worth it !
not a bad album . got a retro feel to it and like or songs in that albulm . o
just your basic lil pirate ink stamps . arrived fast packed fine need nine more words so i can post this
i purchased this for my granddaughter's birthday and she absolutely loved it and it's numerous compartments .
my kid loves it , i think is ok to read , but a kid can read a lot without getting bored .
as stated by others , the differnce between running lamp and signal is hard to discern , but otherwise functuions as advertised .
this cute car keeps freezing on me . i have to keep turning it on and off to move the mouse .
my son watches every other day , he prefers alternatively . one of his best episodes are caillou with donuts , and ghosts
this was laugh out loud funny . we enjoyed it , even though we're not gamers . a good date night in movie .
wireless charging does not work with this case .
will rate higher when it's edited .
you cannot beat the value on this product . it slim on extras but that what i wanted .
this game works perfect but it is hard to figure the game itself out . other than that , good buy !
loose fit and scratches easily . i guess you get what you pay for . although it's better than having no case .
i love to run to this song , but the lyrics are somewhat lacking in my opinion . still a good purchase .
not my favorite . i like full pillows . these are not soft and fluffy if that's what you are looking for .
got it for my brother . too hard for him . i constructed it . it was ok .
it will do the job and the outside looks nice , but on the inside some of the paint was peeling .
much to heavy for me . otherwise its ok . very hard to coil up would not buy another one thats all
not worth the amount spent on this wallet , the envelopes which holds the cd are not very strong .
sometimes its self rebooted after airplane mode switch on . one two times in a day . this is a little annoying . everything else is good .
i don't see a difference with or without this . not sure i will replace it when it is gone .
the price is right and the quality is great , but shirt length is more like tall
when i find something i like , they change it . didn't like the results of the new shampoo .
great for wrapping around just about anything that needs that fall look . very durable and worth the price paid . great
the story was sweet and i enjoyed it , but it lacked the passion i was used getting from ms . karland .
i order the iphone s anti glare for my phone , but it was the wrong one and would not fit .
garment bags are okay but the plastic on the front of bag is deceptive it is not see through .
the hat was almost paper thin , ripped within two minutes of putting on . it's ok for the price you pay
love the idea , but can only wear them for a short while because they are way too big for me .
not very good . at all . shorted out , had to replace shortly after purchase . i could never recommend this for anyone .
okay shirt for running , but not exactly worth the cost .
very interesting and lots of suspense . keeps your interest all the way to the end and leaves you wanting more .
its good for the price but the ipod dont fit un the armband and its a little unconfortable end
some of the pieces have very sharp edges . wish there was more of a selection
too dark and predictable for my taste . some of the story was very complicated but also did not ring true .
good song , but it could have been better . the song wasnt as bad as the chiefs play calling ! lol go chiefs !
so far the game in entertaining . some levels are easy and some are hard but good for the most part
these pants are too short . i never had that issue before with danskin pants . my cheap walmart versions fit better .
started strong very funny and well written first half of season unfortunately the show was sadly weak last several episodes .
i would probably not watch this again . it was ok but not my favorite of his . but you might like .
it's ok . not a high quality product but gets the job done . have only used it a couple of times .
i got this and enjoyed some of the cuts , but it was just a little too different for my taste
keeping rather than return . i probably will have use later on . in any case they seem to be well constructed .
tiger woods pga tour for the psp was worth the five dollars i payed for it . it was alright .
not what i expected . really doesnt fit correctly and not a smart look
spooky . holds your attention . quick read . can't wait to read more by this authorheart shaped box is next i think
it fits the description and the picture perfectly , however it's size makes it a little silly to wear . almost impractical .
fan is crazy loud . not recognizing devices via usb .
great background music . perfect to realx to and enjoy life .
works good lies some times , but it conserns me that it blacks out or shuts off once or twice everyday .
did not fit as described . returned
only basic information , nothing about automatic transmition nor electronics no ecm codes included , i was very dissapointed .
ive found competing products out there for a fraction of the price . what more to say .
kinda smaller then expected . good for one on one instruction but not for class size . but foam pieces are plenty .
it's a great product for entertaining , however , the plastic spout is very delicate and breaks very easily .
i need stars . could not put the book down . it gave a greatunderstanding how our family background affects our future .
i use this for long term storage , but most of the time it is more annoying than useful .
this clam sauce has nice flavor , but not a lot of clams in sauce . would not buy again
works good , sounds good , but sometimes it won't let me call out . this problem is not consistent which is frustrating .
the case was okay , for the money i thought it should be a little more something or another , word
came in today , good quality . i just thought there was a protecting shield in the back or something
while this is a really great song , this track played in poor quality when i tried to listen to it .
i thought the book was well written . one day soon , i will also be debt free and living the dream .
great sound but only minutes ! based on the minutes would not recommend unless price is adjusted downwards .
it's o . k .
it's doing what they said . not a real blower . to keep a clean zone . yes .
curved nail tips , woud have prefered squared . not enough acrylic liquid to support ths product . would not purchase this again .
just ok
got it for an ex bf of mine . he liked them alright . so i guess it is a good idea
as stated on necklace , i bought for st pat's day , enough said
there cute but i feel a little big for the nails and i would not get them again for that
product was good . i got it on time . it was large . but its okay . i don't want xchange hassle .
the book was not what i expected , however i did learn something about the homeless . i was a little dissapointed .
simple and inexpensive . works just fine . great deal for the price .
i bought this , disregarding other peoples no tip claims . i got screwed . i didn't get a tip either , annoying .
these worked great on some replacement sony earphones i had . my cats like to chew on the buds .
i didn't realize this is a paper wallet . it's thick but still paper . my son was still happy with it .
these are the correct vacuum bags for my old vacuum . they fit and work well for a bag type vacuum
the final book of this trilogy . all loose ends tied up reasonably satisfactorily with chewbacca to the rescue once again .
there were some good recipes but i was looking for more and ended up returning the book as a result .
can't draw so i like it . will be fun to kill time at work or on the roadwill try others later
very heavy work shoesfits goodlook sturdyinside done very goodtimberlands more lighterlet see how long it last
this author has a lot of potential . the ending could have been better , but overall , i enjoyed this quick read .
price right , not sure about ruggedness of it from looks to be mounted on heavy recoil rifle . we will see
i liked the book . it was slow reading and if you didnt know anything about knitting you would be lost
a great book to brush up on all those techniques you may have forgotten about . great compositional pointers and tips .
its okay the sound wassent good the it sound weird not good at all i press delete right a way
the t shirt was thin .
helps marginally , with minor muscle strains . nice tingling feeling and cooling action , worked in a less effective manner than expected
it works great glad we got it . i would recommend this to anyone looking for a system for their children .
tracklisting . introduce . sinus . blaue l ouml wen . border . computermusik . phase . breathing exercise . answer . inside . time . digital stroppy
used and was advertised as suchwill not convert to cdi now have to keep my vcr to play this film
easy read , but not as suspensful as i would like
this is a game that doesn't take much skill but , in a pinch it will do if you are bored .
didn't work with my bb , however it works fine with all apple products , iphone , ipad , ipad mini , all tested .
the kit was not what i expected . i have seen kits for snowmen , and they were studier and more comprehensive .
the cooler is good but the fans could generate more cool air . somtimes to weak for my laptop . stephan sundqvist
a little predictable but ok . a nice quick read . a little annoying with a cop afraid of guns but fine .
it's inexpensive , very plain and functional . works fine for the price . should come with a carry pouch though . nuff said !
i am a medium in all workout pants , but these run slightly big because they are thicker and less stretchy .
it doesn't write very consistently . sometimes it is dark , other times it is very light . ok product , but needs improvement .
color definitely not infared . orange is more like it , description of color is poor . but this is a great hat .
good movie starts out a little slow peter fonda is an awesome devil , not one of nic cages best
this is a great toy . the chair is a bit to upright , but it is very entertaining for infants .
from top to bottom the compilation have all hits and no fillers !
the steam helps , coordinated with all the other forms of chemicals and scrubbing . only used it once , on my disgusting oven .
the plot was good . the women were nice looking . the acting not so good . but kind of what i expected .
it does have some good information , but it seems that some of it is a bit dated . worth a perusal
the length is a bit awkward . would prefer it to be longer so i don't need to wear trousers underneath .
doesn't show all streets in paris , although the small size is handy . one can get confused by the missing streets .
they are beautiful but a little bigger than i expected . i am saving them for a gift for someone special .
these puzzles are well built , but just too easy to solve , i did all of them in like minutes .
different then anything i have read before . not sure i liked the ending but didn't hate it either . good caricatures .
to short a story . we always want a lot more story from stephanie laurens and this left us wanting more
after reading the first book , i went ahead and got all the books in the series . i like these books .
had to get the next book . the book was too short . i was anxious to find out what happens next
another good read from phillipa gregory . there can't be many of her novels of hers i have'nt read and enjoyed .
some of the puzzles are quite obscure in their reasoning . sheer luck , rather than sherlock is required in many scenerios .
good cd but i was a little disappointed in that out of the songs at least were repeated
i am excited to see the outcome of this product to early to give a true opinion about the result .
i love this chair ! it is perfect for my vanity in my bathroom in our new home .
the liner seemed loose and the soles are heavy for pool use . may be better for a beach use .
just ok , nothing great or special .
i still enjoy kasey michaels as an author , but i thought this book was too dragged out . it was okay
on time delivery , strap a little to short .
is cool
its an okay case the only thing about it is that the bumpers on the edges keep comming of
unfortunately , when i opened the package my map was crushed , full of creases . i intended to frame it
it is a very nice necklace , i love it but the necklace is not very secure and i lost it twice .
cute but it was too big for me i normally wear a small .
predictable
not very soft , loud metallic sound when putting kinda cool that you can pick up balls with it though
writer has good imagination . could have had a much different ending or several different endings to make it even better .
good quality shirt , but the size was not as a normal us medium . fits too tight , very nice shirt though .
i didnt realize it was red and gold , it looks like a pinkish red and silver , was a little disapointed
these definitely do not have aluminum shafts , they are nylon . other than that , these are nice darts with good weight .
can't update so can not play . please fix or i will uninstall from my kindle . tried several times to update .
good and necessary to keep the ear buds clean . i have not found a third party option to this product .
interesting semi fiction about being in the army army security agency , europe us rvn . would be mostly interesting to those who have served .
the towel holder is strong , but is slightly crooked . looks better loaded with towels . you get what you pay for .
'introducing the existentialists' is an interesting book , but my all time favourite group is still the beach boys .
it is a very light shoe but i really wouldn't use it for running , the are a good quality shoe .
an easy read , although very similar to several other books regarding the tudor court , by other authors
thought it was going to be different . usually lije these ganes but i wasnt really into this one . you live and learn
must wash in cold water and hang to dry . cannot use dryer . cotton .
battery was a good fit . didn't last as long as i would hope but overall , good cheap replacement . worked out .
pictures are misleadingly nice . its a little cheap and has a big 'made in china' statement engraved into the back .
not exactly the best i've ever seen , but ok .
they a cute , a little bit small but hey fitted , they have great color and got them in perfect timing
enjoying the continued story . can't wait to move on to the next book . i am certain it will be entertaining
the shoe is beautiful . it ran too big for my foot . i would recommend it to others needing this style color shoe .
good pills but the bottle arrived broken and had to collect all the spilt peels in packaging it came in .
not great for tennis rackets but good for lacrosse sticks , baseball bats and a ton of ball in the bottom
works well but hard to push on anything but smooth surfaces .
not too bad for a quick risotto
fun romp and premise , the devil in new york city , who woulda thought ! delightful characters even when they're being naughty .
very cute and was a good value . looked like my puppy's paw print and will keep him with me always .
its ok . not what i expected . the material isn't consistent with what you get at the stores such as target .
she loves her sex scenes they are really hot and heavy , you'd never know it by reading the flap intro .
beautiful images that inspire upon gazing . i've seen most before so they are comforting , would have liked a new selection .
bought it on the recommendation of victor sperandeo . the information is very good but not exactly what i was expecting .
was a gift so i am not sure if she liked it or not . haven't heard back from her on this .
its ok , but still i cant recognize any changes , will keep you posted in the future if there any change
had considerable problems getting this up and running . i thought call of duty was better .
in my opinion they are much more similar to the czars ! but i like them anyway !
missed that it's not bluetooth , was really looking for bluetooth capable keyboard and did not thou roughly read description provided .
they helped in sorting the cds , but don't think they will hold up for long time use , not very sturdy .
ok i spoz it was alright , as far as that kinda thing goes . oh , geez ! i guess i've seen worse .
i thought that j j virgins book was much more complete and gave better information with the same general concept .
i found the orange flavor to be rather bitter , more like orange zest . they weren't terrible , but not my favorite .
seams quiet unreal , as you read on it seams inpossible to fil the pages to the ends . story keeps carring on .
didnt really notice anything . no wieght loss . maybe will work for someone else but not me sad to say
i admire debbie and her determination . she is a survivor and i'm enjoying reading her book . always loved her movies .
i have not open this package yet , so it is hard to give any star .
a bit of mindless entertainment . i enjoyed it . characters very likable yet annoying , definitely a page turner . dom submissive scenario all over again .
read it at our book club most everyone liked it more than they thought they would . but no one loved it
haven't played for long but it runs ok and is fairly easy . controls are easy . nice free app from amazon .
interesting read that had me continually wondering what was real and what wasn't . for that reason , it is a page turner !
i don't know why but they don't have online play . this is like a gta in the old time .
it is not as good as i remember it being . not as challenging . the earlier versions are better . too bad .
easy to read , but i like deep books . this one is too simple and written in a very simple language .
nice cover but the keyboard is a bit difficult to use . keys are placed in positions that are not familiar .
this vade mecum is very useful but it should be smaller , maybe with smaller font and single space between paragraphs
this is a good cd for dance clubs parties and weddings . this is worth buying for everyone .
from the factory out of dpi buttons work . not the seller's fault .
it had a strange set up but have enjoyed playing when i do it has been a whilein playing it .
foodies and those interested in chinese culture will love this book . some of the dishes described are over the top !
not exactly a heavy duty flag , but then again thats not what i paid for . it is huge though ! thanks !
nice little batman emlem that serves its purpose in all due respects since i'm a poor artist . to the batcave .
i loved this product , i wore it for months , but one day the dove just broke i'm totally bummed out .
i would rather use the website it is faster and more informative but i guess its a good time killer
just concentration with the states and capitals . i've already removed it from my kindle fire and looking for something better .
it is a bit strange at first but is effective so give it a chance . track most important one .
great price , quality not so . if you are fine with lots of black marks on the paper then its good enough .
sort of disappointed in the low ranges better than the tv was , but i expected more from a bose system .
not a good charging system and the camera is useless because its backwards . other then that i am in tablet bliss
it was nice but not the best try it it is fun and very cute like it not the best
missing a capture nut on the lower right hand corner .
the floating logs popped pretty fast . otherwise it is good . not good for an area with a lot of wind .
this book gives a very good overview of the areas of knowledge needed to do an it manager's job .
kinda dumb but it was worth a watch . it was nice for us old folks that recall the original .
buen libro . te mantiene atento a lo narrado y genera cierto grado de excitaci oacute n . lo recomiendo es bueno y sencillo .
nyc lip stain it fell apart when i first opened it . the sponge came right off , otherwise it is okay .
i had trouble getting my epson workforce to accept these cartridges but eventually they did and they are working fine .
free to die . great read . enjoyed the suspense , kept you turning the pages to find out how it would end .
i am glad that i paid us because it is not worth the original value of u .
it's a little uncomfortable to watch .
i think there is a good story but it is somewhat hard to follow . i would still recommend the book .
the first of his books i've read . enjoyed it and would rate it at . stars will read more
not too bad , not great . just ok . i love westerns though . could have been better , i think , ok ok ok
it was no better than the one which preceeded it and i had to modify the cabinet which housed it
it doesnt retract well
pros good imagelighthdmi connectorsilentcons long time to turn onremote control confuseno lens protectpoor instruction's manual
smaller than other similar puma size
beautiful shoe , but is too small . i was unable to wear it to the concert . the heel height was just right .
this is historical fiction . a novel ! not unlike herman wolks winds of war or war and rememberance .
a tad to small , my foot size is a , in most brands in slippers . i hope this helps .
the bickering starts immediately and never stops ! however , there are some moments . it's hard to find one character to like .
language assumed that you understood terminology and abbreviations . not detailed enough for a beginner . actually went to classes to understand
i didnt notice a change in appetite or weight loss . perhaps it takes more than one bottle to see results .
product was exactly as described , however , a button fell off immediately when the product was opened . everything else was fine .
works just fine . i have to add words here so they will let me post this review , review and review .
i haven't used them yet , but it appears to be a concise application , and will involve a lot of time .
can do without the language and other sexual insinuations . moved a little slow for me . too many words without action .
be clear on what you're getting . not multiple colors , just one set of of the same color . otherwise they're fine .
for the price they are not bad but definitely not top quality . order at least sizes larger .
once i washed it it was a tad bit tiny i like it though but a little tiny ! !
liked characters , good storyline . will read more by this author jasmine cresswell in the future . it was a good read .
not what i expected .
it has some good problems , but it needs more . the techniques are definitely more high school than middle school . .
i liked the beginning of the book , but i got bored in the middle and end . the story seemed implausible .
my son lost interest after minutes , while my daughter watched longer , it made her go to sleep .
my grandson liked it
got it a little dirty on the cover . but the book is great for everyone who likes beauty and fashion
grandauhgter downloaded . she loves it . plays forever i find it kinda hard . this should be enough to say dont ya think
a lot of the songs sounded the same . likes her voice though and thought she did a good job singing .
i like plot . characters are planned out well . interested in reading more of the story . cool beans to the author .
character's especially the police seem unnatural , but i liked the story and the fact that it has a realistic end .
if you study , this is an appropriate additional guide to help you understand the history of buddhism . read it today !
some one wrote on the book , hope you can check carefully next time . overall , it is great . thank you so much !
the first couple of times i used it we had the desired affect . unfortunately the dog simply ignores it now .
not the best . i like the ones with wicks rather than small fake plastic glass flames . they do smell good though .
entertaining like able characters but easy to figure out the mystery . i like the trilogy but all are quite similar .
rubberizing was at minimal , does help gripping phone , plastic was thin . but not as much as ones at verizon store .
not opened yet . purchased for my grand daughter who likes it ! regards ken
it came with a broken leg . didn't have time to return it , so had to glue it together . not happy !
it was an entertaining and fun story . i wish it was a little longer . i like stories like this one .
great read i can't wait to read the next one . i am going to start it right now happy reading
he is fun author , this was good but not his best . but if you like any are better than none
i enjoyed seeing johnny but the staging seemed like a tv show , and the quality isn't there .
just ok
this album is straight , not as good as straight from the streets
as advertised , super fine white rice flour . i am using this to make gluten free bread . it worked exactly as advertised .
its an ok app and is very entertaining to me and i like it a lot i would recommend it
hard cover , simple , excellent book for kids . not a trouble shooter fror experts at all .
i like the bluetooth headset , however its heard to hear out of it . i like the color and very comfrtable .
i received the larges size needle . this has been very difficult to use . however , the order was received as specified .
it is a convenient way to carry multiple cards . slim , fits in a pocket easily . i love the color too .
i enjoyed reading this while in hospital kept my mind off stitches and pain . looking forward to more from this author
i believe they were more light weight and broke easier than one would have thought . great for the price however .
the frame of the umbrella is fragile , if you open it to quickly the frame can support it and collapse .
a basic book on bostons . could of been more detailed with regards to potential health problems .
not sure if i got a difective cable but it just doesn't charge as fast a regular phone charger .
the shapes work . you can make fun designs . you can make magnets . i like this product . it works very well
no such device transfers gig of data today . such lies should be prohibited from publishing .
the name isn't as bright as i was expecting other than that quite nice . considering the brightness i'd recommend this .
it works pretty well , still need to keep working with it so i should be keep you posted , thanks !
lol i have a kindle fire . don't need it . lol i have a kindle fire . don't need it . sorry folks .
it covers the windowshield but the material is very flimsy and too light for the snowstorms of the east coast .
no pleasure taken putting these on . but after some struggle , i did get around town on the terrible roads just fine
i liked this a lot . i was able to create fantasy basball games and played for hours .
not our favorite elmo book . the music piece only works if book is stretched extra open . not a full story .
will go back to mocha this chocolate one will not pump , due to its thickness but the taste is great .
works great , no problem with sliders . just wish it had an on off switch to engage disengage the effect .
this easton yb s c s c youth baseball bat , green black grey , is just the right size . i keep the baseball under my bed .
it's very pretty but very small and the colour is dull , not as bright or shiny as in the picture .
my husband is happy with his shoes . they are good for those have trouble tying shoes .
it fun in the beginning but becomes boring
i was expecting more of a narrative auto biography . it has a lot of interesting picture by little wisdom or philosophy .
it did the job i wanted but too pricey . it opened from a very small box to a large bow .
expected more considering i've seen this brand on tv etc . the coffee is good , just smells kinda burnt while brewing .
disappointed in the color advertised . the green is much more common lime green not the light green as pictured .
fun toy for the how to train your dragon fans . my son liked the action figure better than the catapult .
a few wrong turns here and there but generally essential lonely planet quality throughout . a good overview . well written .
nice screen protector , no cutting or anything . just pull and stick , would get them again for any phone i get !
hard to clean once it gets dingy .
rambled on too much and the ending was so abrupt . might try one of her other books .
all this material has been re issued and expanded upon on concrete dunes . so don't pay the import price .
the panty is very small for the size i ordered . top fits but is tight . i like the silky feel
does the job . good for the price .
good program but not upto the parnothing like pro as the name suggests
ummmmmmm kinda hard control lalalalalalalalalalal . get it if u want i don't really care . meow . i wanna c brave !
useful for the intended purpose . as you might guess it is not a beach read .
proud was ok . i was expecting the movie to give more indepth account of the crew aboard the uss mason .
works as advertised to remove and replace batteries in iphones . easy to use , but be very careful when removing connections .
besides taking a very long time to arrive , it leaves too much neck exposed . overall it is soft and comfortable .
i didn't see any difference from when i wasn't taking it
not much excitement to the plot . pretty easy to figure out . i read thebooks inl order a lot of repetition
too many pockets for me .
my expectations were highest , it is very basic , medium quality are also . but is pretty good for the price
wife likes the robe and the material doesn't come off like the green fleece robes from the same company does .
needed small block and ad says nothing bout what block it actually fits . these fit a big block just fyi
it's ok , but the movement of view angle could be simplified . also , give us more complicated free stuff to disassemble .
pages were yellowing and not in the best condition , i thought that it could have been in much better shape
it's ok and securely holds the sling in place . it would be nice if the swivel rotated degrees around .
i ordered this for my year old grandson . it was a very nice warm jacket but it runs small .
so so , same bad battery , same stuff , but little wait and little price required , wish for something better . please something
the product was a litle more greasear than i rememberd . the first one that i owned had also a better smell . thanks
working good in my suv . no mechanical problem . only getting rusty quickly outside of the parts . easy to install by mechanic .
it was a all around good book the new authors really did there thing . great work
the reviews lied it okay , i think it feel super cheap and not worth dollars more like dollars .
the one side is really a waste . but i likethe side they use the water pen on . for cant expect much .
this cause does not fit my phone well and it is not the same color as the yellow iphone c
it doesn't have a dark screen compare to the other calculators but it does the same things . cons screen qualitypros functions
works well for the money . quick releases on the hoses are cheap but easy to replace . pump is powerful .
it's an ok book . not really suspenseful or exciting !
one came with a hole in it . not cool . overal they are exactly what you would get from a standard hospital .
didnt really fit my phone so it was a really disappointment . but it was nice cool color . yeah ujum yeah
gould's latest book is as interesting as it is lengthy , which is to say quot not very quot .
i enjoyed this book . a little campy but tolerable . you just have to remember it is pulp fiction . enjoy it .
bulged a bit but they work . i don't expect um to last forever , but a few years at least . d
plastic part that held phone in broke upon placing phone in holder . needs to be a more sturdy plastic holder .
the case is cute , but the embleshments fell off in a couple of days . seems to be a supportive cas .
like most i have encountered , but cool i can wake up to my own mp s ! always works , all the time .
i like them but they don't hold much and they are much smaller than what i thought they would be .
this japanese flick wasn't too bad . it had some creepy moments , but that's about it .
this book was okay . i'm not convinced that i would order the others in the series , though . i may borrow .
i found it very interesting , but only during the areas i was familiar with ! i m now reading his australia experience .
i rated it three stars because it broke a few days after i got it , i loved the necklace though
never disappointed by this tea . it's robust and flavorful . great tea and great seller
torso to long for shorter people . hate the smell of latex as well .
haven't really listened to this much , so i'm not able to decide if i like it . one two three four
doesnt work as well as i thought .
was not fitted at all . i had to get it tapered by a seamstress . the shirt looks great though !
we found some of these caps fit great and only a few had problems holding it on the bottle itself .
very interesting book , but sometimes not so easy to understand .
contents as described . basket and backing are made of cardboard . difficult to remove price sticker on back . wouldn't buy again .
the game was sent on time and with all the included pamplets . however , the graphics could be a bit better .
i love the game but it's saying that my network is crashing and it's driving me crazy
normal mouse
cute case but it's hard to touch the home and other buttons
i got this book for free and the best i can say about it is that it was just ok .
good , but could be louder . it held up well to rough play . a fun toy for children of all ages .
cheap , but it does it's job
easy and entertaining read . recommend to others who enjoy the other side of the story . priced very well too . m
this charm broke within a week . i'm not happy with it at all . it's made of plastic and poorly made .
i liked it for shirt buttons but need something heavier for pants . do you have a suggestion ? please help .
doesn't fully fit the iphone . some edges aren't completely sealed . but other than that it's protective
hair is beautiful but it sheds a lot . i don't think it will last long , but the hair is beautiful .
its ok but not as good as their other stuff . i'd borrow before buying .
the inside of the book is as clean as newno draft or other written things on the pages , thx anyway !
you get what you pay for . it worked as advertised but i quickly ended up giving this to my grandson .
intermediate not basic , nor advanced lessons in life and death encapsulated in a well written novel .
great detail . too large . head tarnished . removed it .
ok
hello i'm thinking of getting this app but for the sole reason of adobe flash , so is it flash compatible ?
this book might have been a hit if my family had been more interested . they can be very picky .
not bad for the price . shipping took tooooo long and does not put to sleep or wakes up the ipad .
a little too one sided .
the product falls in pieces when applying to under arm
this film is ok , just not a compelling story . performances generally good but not outstanding . kind of an ordinary effort .
it is not heavyweight paper . i was very disappointed by the weight of this paper . i probably won't buy it again .
it was a good movie and had a twist , better than tv showswhat more can i say about it
the cups were at least a full cup too small , if not more .
to my taste the fabric is too thin slightly heavier weight would be preferable . star rating would be
the design is adorable and the flavor is good , but slicing it is difficult and it is really really sweet .
the item was bigger than expected , but it does the job . it's not attractive , but okay for what i needed .
plays reasonable moves . didn't figure out how to start a new game when you want to quit the current one .
it's a story
looks nice , feels nice but it's low grade compared to others . should be in the price range of max .
i got this for my son and they sent the wrong toothbrush . played different songs than the one i ordered .
these are ok , but not great . i prefer the taste t picks . taste t picks natural mint flavored toothpicks twin pack
she didnt like it years . it figures that if i deviated from her hints that i would be so rewarded .
this was a cute book . if you're looking for some light reading , this is a good book to pick up .
an ok , quick read . no where close to the next gone girl , as i have heard it described by others .
it's okay , not that excited about the song after a few listens
this system works but could be better by removing the christmas music . great to use and easy to set up
it was a towel as described .
i like the cd , however , the case had a huge crack in it .
first book was better , this was ok .
not so much for these . i like them okay but not a favorite . shared with family . they enjoyed them alot
i ordered the african vanilla and it is ok . not that much flavoring .
good easy read . would recommend if looking for a quick read . lacking in character development . but overall well written book
got the clutter off my coffee table next to my tablet .
they are attractive decorations . not bright enough for lighting a path .
it does not look like real leather to me , i tried to oil it but it does not soak in
only two people in the whole show and it was boring , not enough action not real , all sandra bullock ok
this is a good looking watch , made well , but it's very large in diameter .
the price was right , but the cable stopped working within six months of use . had to dispose of the cable .
this cleanser cleans my face all right , but i can't stand the way it smells . i won't buy it again .
bought it me sister , she loves it . its a clear bag , what can u say about it .
i was disappointed when i found that this phone was not compatible with tracfone so i had to return it
hedge trimmer is useless , doesn't cut anything . grass shears are very good
i do no't like the shell type cases . other than that is is a cute little cover , it looks good
tastes like cheerios that are a bit off . i wasn't too fond of the taste .
the novel is more oriented for a younger audience but nevertheless a no brainer book to just pass time with .
it wasn't exactly what i was looking for . it was an intermediate text and didn't cover precisely what i wanted .
the case is wonderful , but it is very difficult for the person your on the phone with to hear you .
no real fault of this lock but thieves will be thieves . the bike was stolen with this lock on it .
good price and quality music for old connections for ipod and iphone .
product came as non irritant lotion but no odor control as we had procured from other sources before !
but i feel like things wrapped up way too quickly at the end . it was ok , but not anything great .
description on compass is misleading , better watches out for same money
not as interesting as i thought it would be . worth reading if you are really interested in the subject matter .
thought it was going to be something other than it was . recipes were good though . just the same thing over
i haven't seen this in years but wanted refresh my memory on the story . pretty entertaining aside from the backstory .
adhesive its very poor . ! i had to apply my own glue . but the style and color its looks great ,
my yr old daughter loves these polishes it's the only kind she will use now
ok . not very detailed . easy to read ! i will need to look for other kindle hd books for more info !
my brother asked for this specifically , thought it was a bit expensive for a calendar .
good flavor , enjoyed by the grand babies as well as myself as a light healthy snack
i like this brand of watch very much it gives me a accurate time even in a completely dark environment
the only thing is i just wish you could get free coins but besides that it's so much fun lol
nothing really special about this item . gets your heart pumping and stuff like a lot of those diet pills do .
you've gotta check this one out
a course book . ok .
its a good game in all but l don t know how to play multiplayerp . s creepers creepy me out
it's okay
nice story but nothing special .
the only bad thing is the picture looks like a pretty lace its not , there just regular panties .
there are two songs that are realy good the rest is kind of slow its a okay worth the money spent
polyester for the price . disappointed . also runs a bit large , loose in the sleeves . thin , needs a top underneath .
these are quick and easy to put up and take down in the office . with out a lot of fuss .
the headband is very pretty but it is too small for my head , so my daughter owns it now !
read my other review on this dullards . boring . do not read do not see the movie . . simply poor writing .
the butt area seems baggy .
the sweater is nice and super warm but tends to run small so make sure you go up a size .
it is ok , it would be better if the filter was deep in the cup to boil better the thee
funny movie a movie that was really cheesy but makes you laugh and feel bad for a dummy hockey player .
this seems to a book geared toward a younger audience . found it lacking in intrigue .
it is a decent hookah , the bowl broke within the first month of owning it . when it works it's great .
design gorgeous but the quality of the cloth is not high priced balahi did not likeatuaha than you unplug it
not as durable as it should be . the surface wears out too soon .
did not really like the book . it was hard for me to become interested . would not recommend it to anyone .
very strong
ok
this kit is just fine for the weekend warrior . don't expect to start a business with it .
this was alright . it wasn't my favorite but had a very sweet family story .
this about sums it up . it's okay not great but watchable . my year old got bored with it .
enjoy the game but not the automatic moving of cards . more fun to move your own cards . nice game otherwise .
if it little longer will be perfect , its not enough for two people . the four leg not strong enough either .
not very strong not enough power to vibration not a good vibrator . if u want a weak vibrator money back
sorry , didn't like the selections , bought it based on user feedback , but maybe someone else's cup of tea . nice cover .
not bad with price . however its heavy , and it makes the ipad air like ipad from its wight . stars
just a pity it wasn't more up to date , but still good value . seen many of the places mentioned previously .
its fun yet stupid at the same time . lol also very addicting
i waited quite a long time to see this movie . it was okay , but i really expected more from it .
iit was a good insight into that era but was entirely to o o long . didn't need a day by day account .
pretty good read . not my normal genre , but a nice stray . probably going to read the rest of the series .
it's a good cover , a bit pricey . i had to return it because it did not fit my laptop .
this bulbs are brighter than the original in my volvo s , but not as brighter as i expected .
adjusts to many sizes , which is good , but is not strong enough for large planter boxes .
please help ! my son is stuck ! does anybody know how to get to hagrid's hut ?
light fare that is predictableyet enjoyable . not sure if wewill progress past this seasonin our viewing list .
does what it says , quite sturdy , compact , only dries a few things at a time but basically worth the money !
nothing wrong with the product . its really good . just that i should have used my ex rt shoes instead of this . .
its a generic brand not hydroton name brand . it works but prefer pea rock with perlite . depends on the cost
keeps him busy all the while he is having fun . a little much for his age yet but still fun .
product is not as durable as i thought it was going to be . it is definitely a convenient travel size .
i didn't get a whole lot of volume with this product . my baby fine hair was flat by early morning .
well written , nice maps . would have liked more coverage of the entire island . i will be spending weeks in sicilia .
love the look , but twists around and gets tangled with wear . still , a stunning piece .
loving it and it hangs on ceiling right on top of my dining tablerecommend it to everyone it's cute
good conclusion to st book . st book , silence ended abruptly so i had to read broken silence to get closure .
this album is overrated the beats are tight but they could come with better lyrics , and the skits are funny
this is a nice product for what it is . but my hubby said he was expecting something a little different .
it's gum , it's green . that about sums it up . it tastes like green mint , too .
it was okay . i thought it would be a bit bigger . but , oh , well . i ordered it , so be it .
roomy and easy to use . i am not sure i really needed it . nice quality .
looks cute when you can get it to work right . not as easy as the commercial leads you to believe .
too predictable . her amish novels are better . the amish lifestyle is so great to read about . i missed this here .
great gloves , but the run way to small compared to other fox gloves i have used in the past . beware
they do the job . nothing special but nothing terrible about them either . get what you pay for . three more words .
the roll is much firmer than i expected it to be and borders on being too big to be comfortable .
it is a nice phone . i like galaxy's . maybe one day i will upgrade and get the samsung galaxy
the hookah was way more than i ecpected , i enjoy it but it arrived with the most important part broken shattered .
i found it slightly patronising and predictable . but still a good enough easy read if your new to self awareness
despite the description saying the part fit kenmore dishwashers , it unfortunately did not , and i was forced to return it .
jumped off from his feeding table and right into our ten gallon fish tank getting water everywhere it was awful
reading subtitles to little ones was undesirable . musically very beautiful .
i ordered this for nail art . it is a little to big for nails , better suited for cell phone deco .
i got this app then found sea tow which i like better . look at that app too for nautical information
de este libro sacar eacute las fabulas que les contare a mis hijos m aacute s adelante . me gusto mucho y lo recomiendo
i but this product but in the picture was one way and it came another way with out the accesories
ended too soon .
gets old fast . kinda hard to play too , at least for me , a non gamer . would rather play something girly
fun game . just started playing so , stars for now . will rateagain after i've played awhile longer .
cute sweet story . disappointed that it was so short ! clean and nice with good morals . teens can read with no fear .
this product did not work as well as quimica alemana nail hardener . my nails still managed to chip and break .
fine
for the price i paid its fine . if i purchased more expensive cigars , i would not recommend this particular unit .
didnt work as well as we had hoped . used two large containers but still had leaks in the tent .
ok item
easy reading . a little hard to follow . but kept my interest throughout .
six year old reviewed . he liked it . he said it was in the middle meaning average . thanks for being free !
i'm not quite half way through it , but it's a bit melodramatic . i will finish it , but it's not great literature .
slow reading but very interesting .
what's not to like . stormy monday is worth the price alone . great early guitarist a budding guitarist must listen to .
it will be definitely good for grader they play minecraftbut sometime i don't get it but it ok
it was too mild of a flavor for my husband and i . we decided to opt for a bolder flavor .
these are really pretty ! but they are really big . i think these are perfect for a fancy dinner or event .
not as good as godfather . but not a bad game for dollars . finished it in like days
a nice movie with good stars to tell the story to us . lauren is good to see from parenthood show .
not a book i would jump out of my seat to recommend . some beautiful imagery and description . great character development .
they will work . does not fit exactly to size . a little large . but will work !
the item was great until the band snapped . purchased another one and the same thing happened . waisted my money twice .
not practical to wear out . doesn't seem to be hurting anything , but not really helping , either . is obvious under clothing .
nice hat but too small for most men . i bought . so far none of the men can wear it .
good , not great . going to stick with ordering direct from paramount . highly recommend their decaf flavored coffees over this one .
don't waste your money . not bad product . but , not funny to baby . she haven't interest about dolls and melody . rain forest batter than this .
nice and easy book . i love the short story within the book will tell it for my generations to come
its a lanyard alright . no one has been hung inapproriately by this thing . i have a lovely bunch of coconuts
i like the fact that i can one click and save memory . wish it was automatic . i am really lazy
i don't have anything really bad to say about the story . and nothing really good either . just an ok book .
this dress is fine color is nice , but if i were to order again i would order one size up .
when you go into certain areas to deepenthe topic you have to pay . perhaps rightly so .
too much background noice during the middle of the song
i bought the cd based on one song only and the rest of the cd was not bad at all .
this was in interesting movie . it really shows how people in different parts of the nation live . it was good .
this is a cool game , or at least it could be , but each game is only about seconds long .
the box cutter is very cheap and lightweight . the cover over it is cheap and hard to use as well
service great . product does not last long on dogs . have had much better and much worse . would consider trying again .
this product took many hours of trying different configs to get it to work the way i expected it to .
i love the color but doesn't feel too protective . gets a lot of fuzz and dust stuck on the case .
not exactly what i expected . but still informative . difficult to understand how abuse is so wide spread in our society today .
this movie was an overall kind of bleak and pretty slow moving movie . i wouldn't want to watch it again .
game is a great time waster but the grabs don't generate fast enough for my grandkids . they get really upset .
this speaker was missing the nuths for the volume , and it specifies on the manual that it should be included
nice size , but don't like the velcro . if i would have known it was velcro i would have never purchased .
my year old loves monsters so this was right up his alley it was very short but really sweet .
worked for not even a month before the wires started messing up . you get what you pay for , for sure .
all good just do not taste the letters too small for my eyes . sorry . maybe it is for someone younger loll
i did not realize these would be so small , should have looked closer . grand kids love playing with them anyways
dry reading , would have liked it to be more enticing to keep me motivated to finish reading it , good content .
i wished they were darker . i want dark . these are darker than the ones that came with the glasses though
they aren't working very well in our printer but i'm not sure yet if it's the cartridges or the printer .
i bought this for my son , he only wanted it for one song . the song he sings with taylor swift .
this is exactly what i needed . the price was somewhat high . i expect to find the same filters but cheaper .
was expecting die cast metal cars and these were plastic and smaller . plastic is flexible as well . was not expecting .
i love the app , i just wish it wouldn't close when i try to open a picture from my photos
you always have to start from the beginning , which is i think is pretty lame . more words for review
i find i don't use it much . i have the free version , if that makes a difference in the review .
makes me have to think too much . i like relaxing games and feeling successful , not getting stuck on a level .
top seal broke first day i got it but does protect phone well , it looks nice also on my phone
although there was violence in this book , it seemed very juvenile to me . better suited for a younger reading audience .
the book was okay , but not something i would read again . others in my monthly book club enjoyed it , however .
good teenage story however interestingconcept ending is too abrupt , disapointing , is not a stnd alone novel . a little simplistic
interesting read about the times in this city that i am familiar with . have met the author of this book .
i got this to re learn the game . it is not what i expected . maybe someday i will get back to it .
somehow the text comes out sideways . i've seen this before , and it always annoys . i wish the submitter would've proofread .
one of threebooginhead pacifiers i purchased for a diaper cake . exactly as described , am happy with purchase . no problems
movie okay
how do you get exited about any water filter replacement cartridge ? it does it's job and that's what i wanted .
this book is great , but it is missing even number problems , so this solution manual only contain odd number problems .
the led light does not work . everything else work perfect . i tells me the max and min of the day
i was getting rave reviews when i first purchased this cologne from the mall last year . now , i haven't heard a thing
have only used these a few times and they worked ok . i have changed jobs and seldom need them now .
the case for his cd was badly crushed and broken when it arrived . fortuneately the dvd was not damaged .
fits my party bullet giving me more options . works well . . . . . . . . . . .
this is the only book i'd recommend from bob allen . its a good read .
it was filmed beautifully but should be a shorter film . less interviews may have possibly made the subject more interesting .
each story was written from the perspective of a different character which made for some interesting reading .
i liked the storyline , but it made lucy more like a super woman , and mimimized the importance of the men .
measurements are not correct i have a double yellow head amazon and he cant spread his wings in this cage
i am a little disappointed to find that this product streaks . otherwise , i do love the colors . what a disappointment .
this is a good background track , musically . the only problem i had with it is the volume output is quite low .
expected much when i went through the reviews , after purchasing it with the use i could say its just fine .
works as advertised .
it covers all the hill country area some of pictures could have been more recent and updated but good story
it was okay . it protects nicely , just the case itself was printed slightly askew making it look bad .
too complicated for me .
unknown
so , so . not easy to understand and one of the applications doesn't work . i could still use some of it though .
its nothing speacial and you still need to go in and manually clear your cache
would have loved instructions
it's a nice little lap desk for the price , but it doesn't have much storage for your phone , pen , etc .
this foot is just o k . it does not replace a serger but it does an adequate job for the price .
the album was not what i expected . maybe not the fault of the capitol , but my memories were not stirred .
but he likes it
it gets the job done but not for heavy duty jobs that require some muscle to remove retainer rings ect .
this is not a spinbrush !
the game play is only okay for many of the games . you get what you pay for in this case .
easy to use , better than the non self sharpening pencils . smudges easy though . i will not buy this brand again .
it was a great book that exposed the true meanings of real beauty that made me more confident about myself !
size runs smaller than expected , material good quality , probably would not purchase more from this vendor , will keep product anyways
it runs very small . not true to size i never would ever where a and i would with this .
it reads more like a self help and at times runs on and on .
the comics are great ! however the words are really hard to read on my kindle or android . very tiny print .
nothing wrong with these but i was looking for a thicker sock . no other issue and i still use them .
not as good as i thought it would be , but good enough to add it to my ww dvd collection .
intriguing in some ways . warm in other ways . the change in the heroine's name was confusing . also the cat's name .
my daughter enjoyed this kit because she just learned about the three different types of rocks .
fun at first , doesn't give you enough hints if you can't . should not have to pay for hints .
the electromagnet is very weak and barely works . the kids had fun with the other parts but i am disappointed .
not quite as good as the iphone app but functional .
sorry to bring it down a little , but these are not what i thought they where . the hurt my hands . !
i love a whiter shade of pale but the sound quality is not all that great on this cd .
return was easy but they wouldn't let me exchange for another set . just wanted to get a simple exchange . bummer
it may have been my mistake , but this book wasn't as i had expected . it shipped quickly , however .
flavors were ok , rather natural than artificial . units smaller than anticipated . adequate for its purpose . too expensive for its content
the item is just average , as it does not consistently dispense business cards one at a time as it states .
not as many in the containers as looks in the picture . i don't think i would purchase this item again .
it added just the right touch to the costume ! there was some adjustment to the size , but it still worked .
cast is almost comedic with the exception of jessica lange . she's still the bitch you have a love hate relationship with .
they're nice but they get damaged too easily . the center ends up ripping out .
just goes to show men like their women wanton , truthful or not sometimes . who really knows the truth , do you ?
kind of predictable that it was going to end like that . i enjoyed the book and would recommend it . thanks .
enjoyed the book which was well written but found the plot lines a little simple at times . for younger readers
i realise there could be rogue operators in the job but feel this was written more for entertainment than information .
does the job
screen protector does not seem to be holding up very well . have had better luck withzagg protectors in the past
i wanted something funny to take my mind of work and this book certainly did the job . hiaasen for governor !
very basic plan but still helps get your mind thinking of the situation . worth the download . easy to read book
it is a pretty box but not so useful . the drawers fall out if you pull them too far .
bad sound quality ! pump up the volume on this masterpiece from w . a . mozart ! i don't recommend this for anyone ! bad quality !
certainly not the best of the star trek movies !
decent idea with a good story line . could have been a little more to it but you understand after watching it .
the dividers were difficult to get onto the closer bar . the sizes are printed a bit too small .
clip piece hurt my boyfriend's ear .
wish the wand was longer and the fabric shorter . my cat likes it , but loses interest quickly . cost too much .
may or may not have helped me overcome tennis elbow .
thought i ordered ft . cords ! was sent ft cords which are not long enough . wish i had the ft . cords ! .
i was disappointed with the size since i thought it'll fit because my daughter wears this size usually . thanks
i loved the larger one but ordered the the same day still haven't received it ?
typical stallone film . stathom was great but i could have re cast everyone else . good fight scenes , just not great acting .
keep getting half naked ladys sent to my phone from china , volume buttonacts up when your talking on the phone
this was a nice read . not an intense book just pleasant read . good vacation book or summer backyard loungechair book .
a little pricey as not the thickest vinyl product . should be priced to reflect this quality . but good graphics in decals
this was a decent and heartwarming story of a young girl finding herself . an easy and quick read . i recommend it .
im a believer , but why do aliens have to communicate like forieners ? clumsy , long winded and confusing .
i did not like the ending , in fact i don't think it has an ending . another book in the making ?
story is spellbinding but was just not expecting the uncomfortable places it went i would not go see the movie
works good . temperature seems accurate . no fading month in the water .
not as good as i'd hoped , but still a movie that kept my interest .
the show is okay
love it think it is a great thing to have when not at home use it all the time a
it's too fat , takes up close spaced usb ports . should have an extended tip to allow access to neighboring ports .
lightscribe disks are not as sharp or contrasting as i would like . may try other brands next time .
sturdy bags and it comes with two . these are huge though . i feel like two comforters could fit . nice handle
very overpriced .
great graphics but nothing much to do . a bit more difficulty and not so much cuts might be great .
the first songs are awesome , but the rest isnt
we ordered the wrong part , don't know if it works . it was delivered as promised .
it's exercise , not iaijutsu , but any stick will work for the moves they use . decent workout i am pretty sure .
product was made on the poor side
so far so good
moves air but is quite noisy ! can't be used in the environment it was wanted for . don't recommend it .
a bit predictable , but has some inspirational messages . actors are not baseball players .
i think this product helped to heal my wound more rapidly than it would have healed without it .
it's ok . did the job by replacing original that's all i needed anyway . , gzxdfghsdr fbh dfg dsfg asd sdf sdv
just meh . it seems like a deadpool knock off to me . to much snarky commentary . not enough character development . yeah
my husband says the material is scratchy so i am rewashing and using a softener . we'll see if that works .
it does what it's supposed to . keep your ps upright . not much else needs to be said .
very hard to get into . still not into it . it better pick up fast or i will put it down .
these liners are the smaller , thinner , old style . if you are looking for the new thick ones , look elsewhere
not for me . felt like i was wearing a scuba wet suit . sent it back .
my dog is small to medium . only pounds . apparently that is large in the dog fashion world . be careful when ordering .
i didnt feeel that this was worth the price , really did not make much of a differance on my eyes .
its just ok . nothing to write home about . wouldn't have played if i had known it was another social network app .
okay product . i wish the sound was louder .
one shoe is sewn incorrectly , the material on the left shoe is twisted some and makes it a little uncomfortable .
good short story . it was creative and very fun to read . the kid almost read the fish's mind . thank you
this book will give your children a time to kill while you doing your groceriesenjoy it and do more reading
came fast . broke fast . lol what more can i can . but i would prob deal with them again . . .
jewel quest is one of my favorite games , but i'm not sure how i feel about this version of it .
to short and left me hanging which i don't like to be . not happy at all with this short story
the clasp is too hard , easy to put , too hard to free it ! it gets on my nerves every time .
instead of writing this review twice , see my explanation for same socks in sky blue color . overall , wouldn't buy again .
it was not my favorite but readable , i'm not so much into the violence . just mystery and story . thank you .
good price , good fit , but darker than picture prob will not wear them , wanted more of a denim blue
quality is average , and the fit was a little tight . i couldn't really get it in place without crumpling it .
shippoing was a little slow , they work part time . nothing special . i would not buy these again for this caliber .
be careful tightening the screws . our plate cracked from the larger opening down without the screws all the way tightened .
i enjoyed this book well enough but found the sex scenes to be slightly lacking in detail . good enough storyline .
i finished it in a couple days and while i enjoyed it i was looking for more than was written .
they look very nice and are comfortable . the catch is theat i cannot get them to stay in my ears well .
informational , though not factual
not the best installation instructions .
this is good for entertainment , but it is not all factual in case that is what you are looking for .
love the show , disappointing . they must not have realized they were filming their last episode . not the best season imo .
beautiful ring , just too much for me . i'm just country girl , gardening , etc . very nice ring looks real . good value
bought for my husband . the scrapers are handy , but the bristles are not as generous as the could be .
for me three star cause it was not strong enough for my application but it works for my regular bike
not much there . leaves too much unanswered . just a short story with no ending and lots of questions about nothing
it was an ok book . but it wasn't the best . i will finish the series to see how the series ends .
enjoying it so far just started . plan to try to improve . it seems to be set up well . works fine .
it's not very scary and the acting is only okay . i give it a thumbs down on the horror circuit .
this was a funny movie though a little expensive . it would have been better if it were multilingual .
this thing works but the quality is mediocre . like another reviewer said , you get what you pay for , i agree .
on the tubes , that i received it has written not for sale so , they are samples ! no instructions are included !
size at inner label is . size at outer label is .
item came completely balled up , i didn't recognize it . had a weird , sour milk smell as well .
slightly baggy for me
i would be happier without the golden trim . otherwise it simply does the job without being to fancy really .
chapters are brief and concise . but could have included a more complete example of a commerce website for more depth
i love it , but the color wasn't that i locked , the quality is very good , and came in perfect condition
not as good as i expected . would wait until it is on television . there was a lot of action though .
not as good as the first three . i figured it out after the th chapter . not good for a mystery !
i bought this for my wife she said she wasn't very impressed with it .
my son ask for this book , so i bought it for him . i think he liked it just fine . done
it is ok , after i made this purchase , i saw some that i think would have been a little better .
this is way to small . there are better stylus on the market . really don t like at all . easy to loose .
the information in this is invaluable . however , the book cover was damaged in handling before i received it . slightly disappointing .
not as cute as what i thought . the pink on pink really isn't cute
this is a fun game . although i have yet to get through it without looking at the solution for it .
this has much better than the last book . there's a better story and grammar . keep it up ! skyfang of thunderclan
not a bad way to spend a few hours if you have a few to spare on the weekend sometime
my heels slipped out .
bought this for my teen . it was ok .
if you like juices made from different ingredients , you will like this book , simple receipes . all fresh fruit and veggies .
read book so it's always hard for series to match up .
in pretty good condition for a lp . i plan to have a cdr made from it .
it was cute but was a bit small and after one wash faded .
doens't give a lot of charge time it is not that good so i am not very happy with it
haven't tried this out yet because i didn't realize it would be so big . however , it does look very well made .
i'm used to playing spider solitaire on pc and like that much better . this kills time when you need to .
not terrible , but nothing really fantastic either . for the cost , it's not a great deal at all . i was disapointed . boo
to big to be a hard hat sticker . locker or tool box maybe but does not flex on round surfaces .
i do think they should be softer . maybe after a few more washings washed times so far they will be ?
this is quite pricy for small laundry items , but they are the right size for the dorm .
wasn't exactly what i was looking for but that's not the seller's fault . cd was as described no problems . thanks
thank goodness i only paid some cents for these . only one worked . other were not sticky .
got this for a friend . she loved it and the picture and color exactly what she wanted . thanks soo much
got damaged , never got to plant them
the music is strange but enjoyable and especially love the photos of jenna jameson , she is awesome !
it works well . i feel like it needs one more speed . two speeds are not enough . so far very reliable .
good read . i enjoyed this book . it was witty and funny . the characters test were interesting . it kept my attention .
no instructions mislabeled bags i would just spend the extra money and order your bags from bubblebags . com
but the size is not fit to small
good numbers , the magnets are small and do not hold papers on the fridge well . they are colorfully . .
this is a very comfortable mouse . we find that we have to replace the batteries about once per month
heard great things about it works fine for a small low priced vacuum but doesn't replace other floor vac .
really good idea , works most of the time .
too many cut senes should have bought the reg edition
it was alright by me . not too good but also not too bad if you know what i'm talking about .
the foot pod looks a little cumbersome , but works well . i have it paired to my wife's forerunner .
got wrong one returned , returned , returned , returned , returned , returned , returned , returned , returned , re , re , re , re , re , re , re , re
the fittings are not so good , transaction was good .
it is an older book and i was looking for more info on the herbs . i can use it but .
a light hearted and entertaining read . perfect for switching your mind off . take on holidays for a poolside lounge .
not as nice as i had hoped . the undershirt was horrible .
this book did not come with the cd that came with earlier editions .
this was a cute book but cannot be compared to her husbands secret . it would make a good beach book .
i like it . i have not used it much . but when i did use it , i liked it a lot .
been there , seen that before . no surprises , characters not fully developed , too short . as before i don't make recommendations , not that thrilling .
i loved this book . it was very good . i kind of was lost about siri . was she just a spirit
the book was ok but could have been better , way to short . to few pages for one to enjoy it .
smaller size that thought it was . looks good as a scarf more than around the waist . design was cute enough
useful tool .
fun gem game reminds me of the many other gem games just as captivating . would recommend playing this gem game !
it had some helpful hints . it was short and to the point . a lot of it was just common sense .
can buy nearly times the amount for the same price . just have to look for the . ounce bottle .
i'm really not big on reading about this kind of subject however it turned out to be a good read .
this scarf is very very soft , and i really do like the feel of it . but look like the colors run .
don't think it's any better than some other product one could buy locally . would not spend the money again for this .
i have not had to use it yet , so it has not been tested . the purchase itself went well , however .
the color makes it hard to find a perfect pattern , my opinion .
the book was interesting . i just wish it was a little longer .
this toy sort of sucks . cheap quality and the facial expression makes rigby look like he has rabies . bummer man .
haven't had time to play yet , but looks like it will be funonly got it for being a freebie
i think this is a funny book .
twista still got it . big beats and fast flows keep you listening to this one . check it out !
i did not like this one as much as the other two . there is too much freud and jung involved .
it's nice , but the toes are a bit too long . the rest of the sock fits well .
ok party favors , kids had fun with them , but of course don't last long and the lenses pop out easily .
this was a cute read the story was pretty well developed and an interesting way to incorporate magic and shapeshifters .
so the elasticized fabric pulls the pants down when you move . i have substantial hips , but still does it . disappointing
these didn't really improve coverage in my house that much . i tried multiple orientations but it just didn't help .
i have used them a couple of times and they work ok , they seem a little weak and cheaply made .
super quick read , decent . i would read it again in a pinch . chase sounds dreamy to me . . . .
won't let volume up enough
season of the witch kindle edition not bad book have had better like the price love the way they download
it's okay but kinda flimsy . you need to be very careful plugging it into your phone or it falls apart .
yes i know it's only , ut the toasting is a little uneven , it toasts darker on the inside center .
i choose the rating low because i didnt like this game its more for kids to me dont like it
the lotion was old and i could not use it . colone was great as usually . this is my favoriet colone .
title says it all . good enough to have around if you find these weird screw heads on your new electronics .
it is ok . smells nice . dries quickly but results are nothing that would make me run out and buy again .
everything was fine with my order except that pikachu's tail was loose , perhaps a factory defect
boring bs
it was slow moving ! some of the book just lost my attention . hope the sequal to this book is better .
it is a nice quality jacket . but runs little smaller for xlarge i usually use large side for my jackets .
several good actors and decent performances but not a memorable film . it will not go on my list of favorites .
it's ok , so far . i haven't used it except once so i don't have enough experience to give more feedback , yet .
reasonable plot and good story line with original ideas overall a good read aaa bbb ccc ddd eee ff gg
ok for light runs , no good for long distance running to kms comfortable walking shoe .
everything is good but gel layer could be better . if you want comfort buy something else . may be bell seat .
i admire john haslett's courage and persistency . he seemed to relish more on the struggle than on achieving the goal .
hard to answer the phone , the space for answering without opening the case does not work .
it's oki am still reading itwhen i am done i can tell more , but so far it is ok
another fad diet book , popular but not for me !
it's a seat . if automatic closing lasts more than a year it's a winner . the price makes the difference , ok
i ordered this for my nook color , but there wasa nook simple touch case in the box , oh no .
just doesn't come whit charger and sucks cause u omly can use it once until the battery die
good read . i will recommend to all of my teen readers . can't wait to see how the movie stacks up .
i use this to start a girl's club with my home school group . it turned out to be a success .
drm is terrible , but the game is good for its priceas gfw is closed , i can not acitve the dlc
it's an okay case , but it is made of cheap plastic . you get what you pay for i guess .
a well written book , but loaded with errors . too many to count .
because i am a musician , i found the book interesting . it was not really a page turner though . it's okay .
but very thin and soft , like a newborn's blanket . looks beautiful though as a throw on a bed couch .
the gloves did not fit . they were too tight and uncomfortable for my wife's small hands . they were sent back .
the largest balloon didn't blow up all the way
not bad , but little pieces flake off and now the front cover doesnt stay on very well .
it is not as advertised . it works ok , but not what i expected . i was hoping for a miracle . ok
started out enjoying this book but then felt that it was not written for me . a little bit too simplistic .
this book of lists is not quite as funny as the first but there are still a few laugh out loud entries .
i really like the pattern but the top part of the case does not stay on the phone very well
this game is good but i've expected something like blizzard's games , anyway is a very good game
it hasn't worked yet but we have faith that st . joseph will help if it is god's will !
nice puzzles , nothing special
it was cute
the book is okay . nothing special . i'm just using this for my college book so it is whatever to me !
the battery does not hold a charge for longer than to hrs . and gets hot when charging .
daughter loves this but got bored after playing for a couple days but kept her busy for a little while .
fun , addictive ! i would definately recommend downloading this game . just gross enough for adults and not to gross for kids .
to many scrash all overbattery . only . minthe rest is good
the concept is great , and they worked to a degree . but they did not work as well as i wanted .
i am happy with the price , just a case for my phone to keep it from breaking or getting damaged
haven't heard anything negative , but know it hasn't been washed yet and being a gift might not ever hear .
not the best i read but it's ok if your totally board . you can speed read through the uninteresting parts
they were nothing special , but we use them . maybe i just didn't try hard enough to make them work properly
did help . didn't use it long since part of it broke off .
an okay product , helps remove hair off of my dog , and she seemed to enjoy the massage .
same as above references , her qualifications and riding history . bibliography spelling , punction and grammar . update medical knowledge . a needed resource .
i've never worn any shoe larger than a . i wished i would've ordered at least a half size larger
it held my interest . but could have dropped a lotof the sex acts . would have been better . too much sex in almost everything . !
i dont like the fabric but its ok look nice and fit on me
easy to use , cute , but did not cover as much as i thought it would .
it was a good and easy read . i would read more of nancy woods work and recommend to a friend .
ok . another trading system which looks like it could produce if you stick w it over time .
this is a disappointment , not bad , just a disappointment . especially compared to son of yconne work he did with mastaace
found it to be too depressing . would not watch again unless i felt like crying over some chocolate ice cream .
these are better than the factory units but only just . they are not nearly as loud as advertised by the mfg .
compared to the wool silo series this is an ok diversion , but not any where near the quality of wool .
quality ok , but not as expected
good for home use , not office desk due to the size . powerful humidifier that humidifies the air quite well and quickly . recommended !
this product is just okay . i am using it but nothing special . i wold recommend . for the cost . thats it
it has been a while since i read it but i remember it was worth the read . enjoy it .
i realized i ordered the wrong product for my phone . the product was as described . i returned it without problem .
no complaints here . it is pretty cheap and they work well with the black and decker cordless drill we bought .
theses keep your hands warm and they do the job of keeping your hands warm . this sure helps the arthritis .
wasn't the same one that was on youtube . the one on youtube featured fambo , but i love beenie man . its ok
well written . interesting mixing old with new world . but , still a good read . recommend this for relaxation reading for children .
it is a average backpack very light and well made i got the blue one , the shipment went without problems
this book was not what i had hoped it would be . i was looking for help with an alzheimer patient .
although i thought i bought another clark's sandal i kept this one . fits well but not very stylish in looks .
interesting , but not as informative as i hoped
an all around great performance from sly and deniro ! fun exciting all around enjoyable . another win for stallone enjoy
i like this song . i initially was going to get the version by willis but this one is more upbeat .
i really just had higher expectations as to what the kindle fire hd can do , compared to the other tablets .
i like how it teaches you bout the fish and their environment really wish they would give you more algae
when removing them , hair gets stuck and you end up yanking it out . ouch !
arrived as advertised , packed properly .
it took two times before i could get the correct results from this test . this test should be much simpler .
story would probably appeal to someone who reads and comprehends at an eighth grade level . i shouldn't have bought it .
it is cute and simple . the boys and i got a good giggle out of it . fun and simple read .
bought these for my year old and they don't really open when he stomps . maybe he's not heavy enough ?
too predictable ! i did not like it and would not recommend it to other readers of suspense or mystery etc
it worked fine on my husband's neck and shoulder , i also take it to my grandson's soccer games . thank you
for the price i have been getting larger and more sellable quads . its ok but wont buy anymore . not happy cust .
the sharpener works okay . i wish the knife edge was a little more sharp . over all i would order again
they were the wrong cartridge for my computer , i needed a . office depot exchanged them for me .
wish there was more space . it works for a short trip with twins . pockets are too small . quality is good .
it didn't work for what i needed but give it a try won't hurt i does have some nice features
this is a gift and it is what most teenager are wearing and they love it . hope it is durable
hp is making a killing on these cartridges . i still have to buy them though
some facts were left out , this person needs to do more reserch before writing a book about a western out law
i wish these speakers came with a v ac cord . otherwise , they work great and are affordable .
its a good exercise and interesting to watch although they could be taught better . its difficult to catch some steps .
with this being a very very very short story it was okay . i guess you get what you pay for .
this case looks fancy for a little , but the paint gets scratched off fast and makes it look really used .
was a good movie but not as good as mi . still worth a view . five more words required so .
not thick at all . sticks to fabric when you try to put it in a pocket . easy to put on .
they are short in length are somewhat small . okay .
this is a good basic overview . a bit lacking in detail . useful as a review for grammar you already know .
the design and finish is nice , but the zipper is flimsy . it bursts open while closing and even while using .
super beautiful book except for the ending . i would have rather had both books in one , to keep the excitement .
i am happy with the earrings , but one of the posts is bent slightly . i was rather disappointed .
to much reading about seal training and how tough they are . korean war veteran don lanpher . five more words required . thank you . ditto
i was more interested in applique techniques not patterns for adorning clothes . disappointed in this book . se patterns rather than clothes
decent size and somewhat space effectant but it did not have any index cards on the underside of the lid .
rough prose and repetitive and some not so deeply convincing arguments .
i am considering getting this phone but i have just one question does it have external caller id ?
the case was night tight enough on the phone for me the card works fine .
not a true hiker . it's a fun shoe , but he is slipping in all hikes
looks cheap and feels cheap . disappointed but will have to make it work . won't be buying any more of these .
another classic old film , but okay . a love triangle story . if you like classical music , this film is for you .
the everyman library edition has very small font . it is a pain to read it .
if you liked the first book , don't buy the sequel
the side turner broke and the watch cannot be set . not being able to set the watch makes it useless .
i like the style but l didn't like the fit because it is too small compared to regular size m
it was working but sadly i had got an allergic reaction to it .
its a funny game to play . you got to be quick with your fingers . try it . you wont regret it
i was hoping it would help my arthritis but it didn't seem to help or i couldn't see any benefits .
the plot was scattered , the characters undeveloped , not as good as others of his i have read in the past
it was a good book but slow reading . i found myself skimming through it a lot n not much reading .
expanding a series is working so far but we've all seen what happens if a theme is taken to far .
used couple of times , so far i like . i'm sure i'll be using in the future . will recommend to others .
very simplistic . days to less stuff and more life . review is complete . no more needs to be said . review
interesting and somehwat suspenseful storyline but get's a little bogged down .
it wasn't step brothers or talladega nights or anchorman but it was good . i thought they might be funnier together .
same price at walmart . price right for quality . good for plinking . more of a toy . arrived promptly . overall it's okay
it's ok , if you have it in a smaller space area . it's not as strong as i would like though .
not too bad , but will take me a few more listens to get used to them or not .
haven't read yet . getting a bunch so can read several in a row . but love her books , all of them . thanks
dachshunds boxed calendarwhile the calendar meets most desires , its pictures are just too small , cute but too small ,
this bulb is too large for the intended fixture . i did not know that until i received three of them .
just did not keep my interest like all her others had . i was glad that they put lena to rest
this is another present and not for me . i am sure it will be just what my husband wanted . thanks
didn't work for me oh well .
just getting into it and it done . i play the game on my phone . more please . over fast . nite nite all .
for my daughter and she didn't particularly like it . she bought another food maker for her baby .
i can't tell if it's working
a good quality product but the size is bigger than advertised , this is not queen sized .
this worked as advertised , but under heavy daily use , it only lasted about three months .
it is a good ride for kids under . and it doesn't have enough power to go uphill .
when i first received it it worked great . but within two weeks it stopped working . i wouldn't buy this again .
a nice read with some twist on the usual zombie infected storyline .
works ok , found it cheaper elsewhere after i purchased it here . wish i had waited and shopped further before purchasing
this charge my mac , but also get hot hot hot . so , for different , i should really get the oem one
the game is fun but they want money for stars or do off eds but if you patient youwwill findcways
i really liked the look of this shoe boot . the boot was too narrow and short . sadly , i had to return .
we have not used this yet but it is exactly what my husband wanted and all the parts are included
chain was very flimsy , easily breakable . the print on the necklace was difficult to read , otherwise a very pretty necklace
lots of good ideas but gets repetative different context same idea which lessens interest but reinfores ideas . overall worth reading
the best song in the entire movie is when carrie is flying to rio . its beautiful . it would make this album amazing .
kids got bored with it quickly . they claimed the little balls got stuck and didn't write smoothly it was okay
it was okay i thought it would have been better than . . because like to do ironons , pictures , t skites
this is a very pretty color , however i feel like it was too runny and watery for my personal taste
it worked great relaxed any tension if your prone to head aches . problem my prongs broke on one side . thank you
looks great and my daughter loves it . love the color , but the table is a little wobbly . chairs are fine .
bought it to adapt for n rcz hookups . displays picture but in black and white , and sound doesn't work unfortunately
fits well nice color . my daughter wishes it had some padding to it .
it is a little tight for the try sport special ops . goggle , but it works
have seen this product . heard good reviews . however it did not work for me . disappointed , but knew i was taking a chance .
very engrossing
the designs are not everyone's style . i didn't see any updated looks after coming back to the app several times .
good read good story line keeps you going back till its finished .
never seen this show . some of the scenes are a little draggy . but all in all i liked this very much .
quality is ok but size is too small .
this item must be assembled , and the silicone pads on the bottom fall off . not a quality piece of kitchenware .
buen producto hasta el momento todo bien .
it protects my phone and looks ok . but i wanted somethingesle i just not know i thought this was it .
this is a good concordance , but with all the computer software , both free and paid , it's become a dinosaur .
it works if you can get it stay connected to the vehicles power port . yoy get what you pay for
bad for the price . my dollar store sold an airsoft gun for one dollar and it was much better .
not good quality nor finishing . seems like glued together . average product . but what can i get for what i paid ?
not that great a story . pretty cheesy . good 'nuff for a free book though . certainly passed the time or whateva .
they were very tricky to attach . glad i bought three . so now i do have one spare after my second attempt
fun characters , well developed . enjoyed the story line .
adequate . takes some time to get upper suction cup to hold . that is the reason for only three stars .
different take on a murder mystery good story . look forward to his next one . will there be another harry bosch novel ? likely .
great addition to my library . glad i purchased it . worth the read . looking forward to other additions . love to collect .
it makes lots of sense and was interesting to read .
the poster is big and full of color with chuck norris in action . this works well with my office theme .
just not enough of the sticky putty included to stick them all up . very nice stars but needs more sticky !
i am certain that it is not my need to have this item on my kindle . will use laster perhaps .
it is a quality model for an experienced modeler . teeny tiny instructions made it even more difficult . this one requires patience .
rather dated writing style . maybe overdoes his attack on the meat packing industry . touching portrayal of some of the characters .
stuffing moves around and it hasn't been in a washing machine yet . beautiful material but delicate .
not bad .
i luv dis book it was lol from beginning to end i would definitely read more of this series book
good thing it was only a penny the bottom is open access tha could make for a dangerous drop
i expected more from this film . the ending was disjointed and abrupt . even my kids were disappointed .
eight short mystery stories aspire to mediocrity . they are what they are and not another thing , writes mcinerny finger exercises .
it's really bulky but i still like it ! i wish it came in different colors ! thank you !
these look good , but you can't rate them , until they have been used for awhile
wow . what a nice looking piece of furniture . completely packed in foam to insure no breakage . nice job with products and service .
you get your money's worth . i thought they'd be larger , but that's because i don't know how to size brushes .
another light amish book quaint , as many of them are . enjoyable because i have visited the area several times !
tried it , no major improvement . all my marks are still here . over advertised , over hyped . does not work as advertised .
liked the mystery , but the romance was cloying . got tired of being reminded how beautiful , talented , and well off everyone was .
not much different from american slasher flicks . there will be a sequel . a couple off good scenes .
i haven't used it yet because i haven't found a use for it , but it seemed good for the price .
the battery did not fit exactly into place . also the optimization is fair once it been cycled a few times .
took forver to read , it drug along but the last bit was good . c c c c c c c
i think the brand is a good coffee but this flavor wasn't my favorite . this could be just me .
love caribou coffee , but these had a very bitter taste that was too strong for me . will try another type .
this book is very hard to follow and is not for the comman person just really a hard book to understand .
received lots of compliments and second looks with these flashing earrings when i wore them to the office holiday party
item sounds okay but feels very cheap . it should be much more of a thicker wire with better shaped buds .
i bought this shirt to wear around the office . it's a nice little shirt . the size runs small , but fits .
good read . action packed but too many characters and some improbable plot twists spoil it a bit . good effort though .
shipping was very fast , but product not that great . the metal is kind of soft and bends .
this wasn't played with much by my grandchildren . not sure why , maybe other things to play with were more fun .
it works but it just makes your hair all slugdy . its not really growing anythign back that i can tell .
it only worked for a short time . i had it for about a month or so and it stopped charging .
good product . for the price i paid i could have looked elsewhere . so take some time to shop around first .
a lot of fine leather but too little space to be practical .
got it for my kids , but there aren't a lot of recipes for them to use at home or out
the size was not what i expected my error looked at picture not description . good forsingle packs buyers . usable
i had to use help guide , but that's just me . sometimes i just do not figure things out too well .
i bought for my friends and myself . the only problem is the colour . it's not pink , it's almost purple !
i had to return it as the xl is really a large by any other standard . the quality seemed okay .
it was nice to hear that harmony again . not my favorite selections . just my personal taste . the quality was good ,
mi esposa las esta tomando todavia muy tnprano para decir . ella tiene la ultima palabra
this book needed more . even for a part , it seemed unfinished to me . i hate that sort of tease .
literally all i have to say about it . ok i need ten more words to submit . the sun is yellow .
this cd wasnt good i felt as her second cd just didnt have the same feel of good song mixtures
price was a little high , but otherwise decent fit and quality .
nice
the led and remote unit work just fine , except the power supply stop working after month of light use .
too large a scope and too detailed . the chapters on adolphus were fine but the rest were more than wanted .
but there is no other rates . i have to learn how to rate correctlyit alway good t knowthank you
it was just so expensive for what i got . it was fun popping the bubble wrap which was really hard .
game is buggy and ai is pretty terrible . story is short too , but game play is still fun to play .
this movie had a very slow and methodical story line . just not what i expected of one of will ferrell's movies .
this is a gift for my daughter's iphone , i do not know how she liked it , because she's not here
they are really cute but kind of small , almost too small . i had to use them to decorate the cake .
very good bandenjoyed is all nightrequire too many words for a simple raiting for a band i enjoy
somewhat exciting , but overall i think the quality of the filming was poor and their script written poorly okay storyline .
king size does not include king size pillow shams both items are much darker than shown and very thin quality .
does it's job but the rubber stoppers on the back don't stay put , so the shade slides around a bit .
did not think this lived up to previous books by binchy . it had to many names involved confusing at times
it looks nice but poorly glued dividers that need reinforcement . depends on how much you pay for it i guess .
i haven't had much time to really sit and read this book but what i have read seems very interesting .
are marked as running but feel thick .
could of been better . maybe self help inspirational reads just aren't my thing . i liked the tone though . very casual .
this book is a good book for the cross stitcher or the emboidery it is wonderful .
quality reasonable . i use the short cables for connections between my amps and pedal boards . works well for that . buy it !
not that comfortable . seems prone to interference . when it works , works well . the hl lifter is nice .
its a fairly fairly decent game . could use less ads for points , but oh well . all in all pretty fun .
no mystery here and rather repetitious . could have been an interesting story . jews highly stereotyped as were the main characters .
enjoy game but hate getting come ons for other games . once is enough . don't keep asking again and . again . thank you .
read it it was ok i ordered a different book about her hope it is better robin
i didn't learn anything new but did have many ideas and opinions confirmed . really didn't need or use this book .
it's okay , but not my cup of tea . found it very longwinded , but i'm sure a classic in its time .
i like the bottle well enough , but did not expect it to leak if laid on its side . big disappointment .
the best i can say about this one is that it was ok . most of it was uninteresting and repititious .
this game is amazing ! i love itthey should make levels with nets and boats and more costomsdolphins are amazing
they come unscrewed after a while .
some songs were too country instead of blues . blues songs sounded like previous recordings . would have liked more fresh material
dated . got it because i new a relative .
not a book for everyone . at times , hard to follow . there are however , universal ideas that everyone can relate to .
the kit was acceptable , but the tripod was not the best quality . we went and purchased a sturdier type tripod .
it was not all all what i expected . i have all of giada's books and was disappointed in this one .
this is a neat app for funny status updates . waiting to see what it will come up with next . lol
wife and i enjoy watching this movie . you must take time out to watch .
got it to compare to wrecking ball . otherwise wouldn't have bought it .
for some reason , these seem to run about a size bigger than the other pedipeds of the same size .
the picture makes the lipstick look more fushia , when in reality it is more of a deep red or merlot .
battery is ok but not as powerful as i would like but will get get the job done .
the game played good but the lyrics of a few songs were questionable forkids or teens
i believe this was good family christmas fun movie . i recommend
good , but kind of heavy . can only where for twenty minutes at a time .
this book is okay , but i really could not get into . maybe you will like it . give it a try
this plate is silver diamond check with purple gold lettering . it does not look like the picture ! caveat emptor !
just get it when you need itbut ahead of time trust me the sooner the better got it good
i have a problem with food sticking although it said pre seasoned . . hoping it will get better with more use .
i love the length of the cable , but i do think it is a bit bulky and heavy for use .
i expected much more actual war movies of action . sorry i didn't get what i wanted for the price . bah !
i received the packaging in time but i am concerend that the package did not seem to be air tight .
had to return this shoe because it was too tight across my small toe . making it very uncomfortable to wear .
the design is great , easy to put together , but the light is too dim .
the blue one gets dry and you can see all white coming out of the product , don't recomend to buy
i was expecting a lot more based on the large amount of excellent reviews . i will be going back to buzzing
it was too exspensive and is not worth your price . i was exspecting somethinng a little nicer so i say save
the toes are a bit narrower than i expected them to be but overall good quality shoes . not too hot
it works , wish it had a monthly calendar and the pocket tear easy if not carefull or over stuff them
entertaining , but a bit rambling . a little too slow in the beginning but better in the last half good characters
great book , it came with a stain on the outside that i was not expecting
its ok for a chili powder
not all that well made . smaller than expected . heel cup extremely small .
they work ok i think it takes away from quietness of the head phones not a bad product though thanks
did not see any difference by taking it , my eating habits are ok to start with and i exercise everyday
cool colors . happy happy happy . the only down fall is the umpires will not let my daughter wear it during game time .
it helped me during the lenten season to be steadfast in prayer whilst seeking god's spiritual guidance . i was pleased .
this was my least favorite book of his . i would not recommend book to my friends and family . it was just ok .
they work but aren't the same as o . e . m . they leak and leave black marks on our envelopes . o . e . m . are cleaner .
ok read nothing special . the series in total are fast easy reads . i also think they have more potential
book is cute like the original but i was disappointed that the grandpa had moretime and important things to do .
i chose this ratting , because my dogs do not care for this product . sorry , however they do like other zukes treats .
liked it , but f words over employed . caddies and golfers should dig it . an older reader crowd will be interested . fun !
they are okay , it becomes loser and when diving in i lost them a few times . i wouldn't recommend them .
this is beautiful and likes justlike the picture but it does not glow in the dark . very disappointed with this comforter .
it's not really an indepth history . basically , it's a catalog of the seattleexhibition executiveorder .
its only worth buying for the dkrc clips . the interviews were just boring rambling .
okay
i really enjoy the look of the reebok z quick but i was stupid to believe they were comfortable g
written with an indifferent style .
nice little reference book to carry around in new york city . it is not very comprehensive due to its size .
this cd wasnt what i thought it would be . i like olivia and john . not this movie at this time .
i have read it before , but it never gets to old to read it again . you still have it . love you .
arrived broken at the feet . had to glue it to keep in place
product could be hard to hear out of at times . the very loose fit could be the cause for that .
was a perfect book for what was needed . easy to use and very straight forward to gain what was needed .
i think it's ok but i don't hate it but i don't love it so i'd say about stars .
these are awesome and wonderful for poolside or at the beach . went to maui , never took them off . buy them .
for me this is an helpful app , no problem getting where i needed to be by car , bus or train .
prodotto funzionante , ma le spese di spedizione sono eccessive , superano addirittura il costo del prodotto stesso , un'amara sorpresa
hutch looks good , but quality of material is poor .
bogs down and the battery does not last very long . it cuts small stuff quite very though . but does jam up
pretty good book but not much in it about spartacus . its mostly about two other slave wars .
so , who's gonna build the wall . first you close the border , then you start skinning them . the movie suggests otherwise .
it is a good shoe , no problems out of it , but i did not know it had so many colors .
dont let it get wet and dont get into a car with it on . for the price its not bad .
this book was very hard to follow in the beginning but hard a good story line after continuing to read
i love this costume , it is tight but fortunately wears good into my husband , select next size when you shop .
good story , characters were not complex , dialogue was a little simple and underdeveloped . amateur novel but i still enjoyed it .
easy read . good while traveling . i have no children but could understand all the dram just from my friends stories
it's okay
it works . however , no warming tray . is this not the biggest selling point of the griddle ? do not buy this .
not as good as her others . maybe just too short for a short story . she is still an excellent author .
a bit disappointing for the price , much smaller than i thought . also more sporty than it looks in the picture .
i cant get my cell phone to register on this app . i have the droid max and cant connect . i tried everything .
great at cleansing , but the smell and green foam stains my shower . maybe the other types are better . amazon shipped quickly , price seemed reasonable .
viewing interrupted by too many ads . could not find programs i wanted to watch . looking for history channel or discovery .
it broke within first month . it was really cute . i figured it might break though . it was pretty inexpensive .
bit slow . first story in series was very good , this one was only fair . looking forward to the third , maybe better
would have made a great mystery novel if it had not been so long , wordy and repetitive . sorry , jon cahn .
it is very thought provoking . very interesting and insightful
as an object , more beautiful than the mm asfour teardrop crystal prism . but the mm prism creates out better rainbows .
fits small to size compared to other brands of the same size . material shrinks after washing and is very thin
i liked that this story was from multiple points of views . it did however make it seem repetitious at times .
i received these and they were all perfect except the green highlighter had no cap on it .
it was a very interesting idea but not terribly well written i didn't identify with the characters at all .
ok book
instructions came only in japanese .
i thought i ordered chrome but black will work . easy to install .
if a shoe could be boxy , then this is it . very inelegant , i returned them . liked the color , cheerful .
i like the product because it serves its purpose but they taste rather bland . i prefer the flavored bars better .
good pot but very costly
it was an acceptable novel but not nearly as good and the other novels i have read by tana french .
usually you can use a tee more than once , but these break easily and only last for one tee shot .
didnt last
enjoyable modern day romance with predictable ending . like able characters . would make a good movie screenplay . suitable for year olds .
the tea has a good flavor but i like it really strong this one is still weak to my taste .
for the most part is ok , does not stick all the time and unit will fall of windshield .
its funny but it force closes all the time . that's why i give it stars . please make it better .
it is a very good app . it has all the popular icons from mario to the beatles . it is good
case just barley fits , a bit to small and slot for inputs are just off . enough to say it does't fit phone
better for younger readers
the zoo's who book is better !
this was good , interesting reading . i enjoyed it , but i wasn't as impressed as others who had reviewed the books .
so far so good .
interesting , but needs a larger format to be actually good . just my opinion . not staying in my library . ok
not as great as her cowboy stories
fixed the charging port but made microphone muffled sounding . half of the time people can't understand me through my phone
nice story and enjoyable read .
didn't work for us , but i appreciated it was a more natual alternative to what is out there .
the volume does not go up high enough so as to hear the person on the other end well enough .
enjoyable entertainment .
it's a light read slow paced yet easy to digest , and quirky enough to be worthwile .
the protective covering on them wore away and wont allow my touch screen to move unless i use my finger .
where are the three ladies playing violin , i was going to buy it because of that music
t was fine for a while . she was too young for the music box . k . h . i dont have to write about everything
it is very well written . it opens the door to the beginning of vintag telivision . it is a good read
i did not know that back strap was a t strap . thought it would be straight going into the band
seriously , how can people think kristen stewart is this amazing actress , shes so one dimensional in every role she plays ?
don't know how my friend liked it , but didn't hear one way or another so what can i say . gift
too small , using as decoration for kitchen . disappointed with the purchase . i could not brew a large cup of tea .
product does work , but is not nearly as good as other similar products i have tried .
great basic game
the size is a bit large , so that it is diffficult to push the sleep button . quality is so so .
good product for the price and good customer service as well . i will defenitely recomend this products to any one
good kind for the price but it need to be in a open spot for sun light . i like it
interesting book kind of predictable very different i would probably continue reading if there is another book to the series
too small to hold just a few items and keeps popping open .
ok . fits fine in ml . is what i expected given affordable price . does slide , would benefit from non slip backing .
very beautiful and sturdy . but the size runs too small , i had to return them to amazon .
love the mugs but after dishwasher washes the drinking edge is failing .
it was good but very predictable . i will read the second book because i like the characters and premise . good
this book is good but not up to the standards of the prey series which i have read all of .
it might be more useful if i didn't have a separate gps and access to the internet through other means .
my daughter is and loves to play this game with her friends an grandma it helps her remember things
i brought it for a friend and she like it
awesome story , but could have done without the sex scenes and foul language . i enjoy a clean book .
it is fun but not very challenging . good game if you are a disney fan and really good for kids .
good songwriting . great dancing . turns out all of the cast members are decent singers however , the episode wasn't very funny .
received item damaged and unusable . included brackets didn't fit my motherboard nvidia i , though the socket lga was correct .
good wire puzzles for first timers and children . but may be a bit too simple if you want more challenge .
commercial americanized thai food , which was decent . service was impeccable .
its o . k .
saw this on dr . oz and bought them . wasn't impressed with results or lack thereof . save your money on this .
does the filtering well and is of reasonable price . i just installed it and can not comment on its durability .
the book tells what to do but the how to do it is insufficient . what it needs is more details .
they fit and feel great , but the little nose pads come off too easily . going to try gluing them on .
this is a good shoe and it look great . i recommend that you buy a half size smaller than normal .
i bought this for a class . while it's not very exciting , i suppose it's canononical for the subject area .
cute but not a bargain . could have done just as well locally at joannes , michael's or wallmart , etc . convenience only .
the case itself so far seems pretty good ! however , when it arrived the screen came with scratches already on it !
something is wrong with the lock thingy , i can not lock it . but the owl looks cute so .
funny to wear around the house
not too bad . the discription is right on point . but you will need more watts to cure your nails faster .
hard to light but they do with a little effort . nothing exciting but they are ok . more words more words
till today , i doubt its capacity is really mah . for serious use , please avoid and choose energizer or other brand .
good , not as good as the tv series .
i love shirt but it is extremely tight
it is an interesting book about the adult industry . it gives a good picture of what goes on in the business .
my kindle fire hd fits but e reader doesn't i thought it was supposed to hold both very disappointed in ideam
the above says it all . thee are some interesting insights to the world of magic , but i was dissapointed overall .
an easy fast read . a simple plot , easy vocabulary , but still holds ones interest . it's a good before bedtime read .
had to return item and seller issued a store credit . my old sennheisers hooked up to old tv are great .
fun to play with surprise spins . i would have rated higher but payoffs are low and points go too soon .
certainly not a project revealed that wearing genuinerepurchase price seems to have the advantage not hatebut not bed
this shoe is only comfortable in the left foot . the right foot squashes my toes . otherwise they would be okay .
sandal is more narrow than other shoes in the same size . love the look and overall style of this shoe .
needs to be glued better
very nice and looked great on my windows . everyone likes my leopard curtain set when they come in my bedroom
good enough despite cliche lines and cliche characters and cliche story line . typical superhero gone bad story with vengeance twist .
they broke when i tried to use them .
it broke after one day . split at the bottom right . but still a cool design and felt good inyour hand
too me book was rushed toward the end we went from barely engaged to in the yard with kids .
it was an okay read . she is definitely one of my favorite authors . her other projects have been much better
i made hamburgers once already . worked great ! but its quiet heavy and hard to grip on .
didn't get a whole lot of value but i'm not really a heavy app user on my kindle . .
this is not the best game . it does not have real clear pictures and is slow and boring to play
i love the material , super soft , however the nightie is completely see through , wasnt expecting that , and not happy with that
works as it should . scratches ring and leaves a gap between other rings but otherwise good product . strong and sturdy
okay . personally like fruit drops better
a basically good app with the exception that the cable providers do not include time warner . which diminishes its use to me .
obviously they stretch being canvas , but they don't stay on very well at all . they turn into clogs essentially . bummed .
good , intriquing plot with some unusual twists . albert's descriptive writing makes this fictitous part of texas come alive .
the real item is actually faded and ugly . not true to size , if you wear large , order the medium .
the book surprised me and got my attention . it just wasn't long enough . i am ever to look for more .
not horrible , but it was fairly predictable . i still read it to the end to make sure i was right though .
the title says it all , very easy read . nothing you weren't expecting girls get caught girl has sex etc etc
i bought this camera for my indtroductry photography class . it is a decent camera , with basic features .
i loved this book as a kid . it arrived promptly . was in a little worse shape than i thought .
poor quality . thin material . they print looks good but i don't think the shirt will make it through too many washes
took me a while to get into , i love jr ward books usually . harder to get into than b . d . b . books .
would be a good read for a young girl who has no idea what life is like in other countries .
not doing what i thought it should . followed diet , but i got better results with the hcg diet . won't reorder .
very cute story . i think everyone should read it . unless you do not like like funny and sweet stay away
gave to a friend to try so i dont know if its good or not you know what i mean
works well but only outlet to plug into it . i have others that have . used for power outages .
good material , but a bit difficult if you are watching it and trying to follow exercises at the same time .
that book need more information about the board
it saved me reading the whole book . concise , and seemed to extract the essence of the diet . quick and easy
in the picture the plate looks black but when i received it the plate was navy blue . no other issues .
these sneakers are good looking but not enough soft , at least not as soft as i expected .
large is really an xl or xxl . shirt is fine other than it looks like i have a dolphins dress .
the movie was really bad to be expected , and they weren't doing a great job making fun of it either .
i expected a higher quality leather and less man made products . the boots are comfortable and were shipped very quickly .
if you are a harry potter fan you'll go see anything the cast is in . so , this book is homework . mitz
this is a book for beginners . written by an author with an average writing ability and in a dated style .
the brushes came as ordered but they aren't the greatest quality . for the price they are about right . thank you
great reading but just a collection of stories from other dud dean books .
this product did not give me the energy the first couple of tubs did . sort of disapointed .
a nice bag , but too big for small point shoot and not quite enough for my latest mirror less interchangeable lens camera .
i go this for my daughter for christmas . it's really cute and the microphone really works . but it's super tiny !
i love red heart yarn . it is affordable and most of the skiens are pretty soft . this is an exception .
not bad , i enjoy more hidden object at areas but it was challenging and worth while to check it out .
good thriller decent acting and interesting story line , a well made movie , but a little slow , a definite must watch
i thought the book would be bigger , but it was still very good and i would recommend it . great art .
i probably won't buy this again , but it's not terrible . i still drink it when i feel like peppermint tea .
easy to put on , cheap price , no problems with it . i was hoping to find a face cover also .
this gives my wife more relief then the dentist made nti bite guard , but its durability could be much better .
my grandfather likes it very much . he just transitioned to cds with his new truck .
was ok , just did not keep my interest during the movie , brad has been a lot better in other movie .
pretty flimsy , pretty expensive
i like the look of these but there could be more elasticity or in small , med . , or large for better choices .
the prongs are too soft so it makes it hard to punch through leather . but for the price it's workable
love the case for my son .
theres not enough air flow cfm just is not enoughits loudget something with more power and is quite
its a good watch specially for its price . it has a sport wallet . i like it . . . . .
i really enjoyed this yarn however i felt that the ending was just a bit swift and unfinished for me .
the chain is less than i expected . i have several rope chains and this one is tiny .
it was worth the price . i don't think anyone really notices the design on the two pieces doesn't match up .
item arrived in good condition . was smaller than i expected . good price though . and delivery was timely .
this product i return back because the color wss totally different than show online . not trustworthy iiiiiii don'ttttt lik eee itttttttt
don't take stain out
cute game but got a bit boring and repetitive after awhile . i would think the younger folks would enjoy it ,
my daughter enjoys this game more than i do . i only play when she is stumped which is not often .
i has this phone in the past and was very happy with it . this is why i ordered another one .
book came in good condition . gave it to my son for christmas and he's excited to read it . thank you
look close when ordering . it's only oz . not oz . took a long time to get here . good product though .
this is just too small for its price , better to buy normal stackable rings . it also runs a little small .
what else can you say about a battery , after all ? it also arrived quickly with a reasonable amount of packaging .
i love that this is adjustable but the plastic adjuster on the waist has given me bruises on my side
he stones on these are a bit to big for what i need but there very pretty all the same
the battery arrived fine , but unfortunately , would not hold a charge . i had to have it replaced under warranty .
the case is okay . the screen protector was too big and didn't fit the screen of the phone .
wasn't impressed with the preformance . compared to mantovani and stanley black , i just found the performance very ordinary .
no taste really
it's fun to olay but when i got stuck , they dint have anything to help you to play the game .
this is the version that has extra auto tune so it doesnt sound great i would not buy this version .
i loved the fruit and apple coplets , not did not like the fruit delights . i like the single bars better .
great shirt for the linux enthusiast but it shrank a bit more than expected . now i have to lose weight .
wrong title for this series . you expect something totally different . don't feel like giving it more time to like it .
i have read all of lehane's books and this is my least favorite . good but not real good . thank you
good app puzzles are fun . my kids love it keeps them entertained . what else do u want me to say
glad you are allowed to earn points to open new games instead of spending money on this app . nice feature .
i received this item fast . the battery life is okay , it does not last for a long period of time .
it's ok , but i should have read that there is no pen , and the scratch marks are very very visible .
fits great , looks cute , but crappy quality i only wore it once and it has a hole in it already .
game is quite repetitive and you have to spend real money if you want to get anywhere in this game .
long ago , i because a fan of teavana . this really helps while at work with my mug for tea time .
it could be better and it could be silver for the same price . now that's a consept
i found the book good . but not quite what i was expecting it seemed to lack substance
chain is too short . made to fit a small child
okit helps a little of understanding of how to work my kindle just wish for a book to establish understanding .
it works
this chair was a replacement for a fabric covered one . it is not leather , it is some kind of vinyl !
it's funny but very scripted . i think the show would be better if it had more genuine situations in it .
seemed like mostly the story of her business , which was not all that interesting . but the rest was pretty good .
not my favorite rendition artist of these classical pieces . but if you are engrossed in a good book , will not distract .
my daughter likes the case so i purchased me one , i wasn't so happy . but i still use it .
it does what it was intended to do and i don't have to worry about losing the cap . performs well
africa facts and figures burundi democratic republic of congo ethiopia ghana ivory coast xkenya rwanda south africa tanzania uganda zimbabwe
not my favorite bogart movie so i defer to fans . was slow going . some great lines and great bogart bacall chemistry .
my year old son enjoyed the book , he really liked the repetitions throughout . good book for young elementary children !
light weight and good colour . i found them to be a firm fit around the foot still braking them in .
cute book , my son and i enjoyed it ! he's a big superhero fan ! short , but sweet ! would get again .
stove comes with a piezo lighter but finally took it off due to not wanting to light and cheaply mounted .
this game is really fun but does not give any money ! so you cant get any further unless you pay !
i almost broke the container trying to figure out how to work it . once i figured it out , it's ok .
. but not well written , and hard to follow at times . it could have had more depth , better integration of themes .
i'm still trying to decide if it does work for fibromyalgia and rheumatoid arthritis . would be interested in others' opinions .
it's informative , but kind of expensive for what you get .
delivery on time without any kind of problems , excellent
bought a few guns some of them leaked but they served my purpose well for a decent price ! great deal !
a book that is good for young and new readers . very fun for young readers exciting . read sad mad bad glad !
the boot is a little narrower and also just a little shorter in highth . my pants won't stay over them .
sweet story about family . characters were a little two dimensional but overall still easy to read and follow the story .
multiple seams on cups chafe . unfortunate but true .
medium quality
i like leona lewis especially when this song was free . i like her previous songs . i would recommend this song .
very easy to read and entertaining . quite a few tumultuous events that were handled too easily to be believed . thanks
slow wake up time . sometimes freezes . expected a lot more performance for what i paid . should've purchased another hp instead .
good writing and fun to read .
i have had very limited use of this product at this time , i need more use to adequately evaluate it .
it's regular bubble bath , smells nice . theres not a ton of bubbles or anything . it's okay and it arrived quickly . bottle is kinda small .
they are good but runs large . very large size are much bigger then i expected . actually it's huge .
brusselles art nouveau in brussels , by br iacute gid grauman , a little book with few photos . a very good short essay .
this works good . the foil cutting knife is too dull though , so i'm only giving it stars .
interesting ideas . better organization and editing would improve it you're vs your . the book is aimed at a bodybuilding audience .
as usual , wordy where simple would do fine . information is useful . pricey , but complete information . all i can say now .
hips is full of . hips . many different hips , all taken from the same position or some what interesting photos that show character .
it has less top notch songs compared with the first cd pokemon the first movie .
good sorry but not a great tale characters could develop more and more intrigue maybe the next book !
the reason i like this song is because it reminds me of someone i know .
price was right for a very basic carry case i would recommend this to others with an olympus recorder
they were a little big around the top . too loose . a snugger fit would be better in the design .
very interesting and puts to rest of the many stories about the pony express that are myths !
it runs large . go for one size downmaterial looks allright
screws very difficult to drive in , then they loosen every week or so . a pretty good set altogether though .
the idea is a good one but i found it rather wordy for younger children . i was a little disappointed .
this one was good . and well written . worth reading . i wasn't sure if i was going to like it . would read again
interesting at times and also boring at other times . each show was twice as long as it needed to be .
this cover looks really nice and serves it purpose of protecting the phone but the color wears off pretty quickly .
read this in about minutes . some helpful , useful tips ! many i was already familiar with . but worth the read !
this version of transformers is good for your kids . adult fans will find t inconsistent with previous shows and badly acted
just bought it as a funny xmas gift for my cousin . decent purchase , but never personally read it . that's all .
the bag is sturdy and looks nice . i only hope it is the real thing and not an imitation though .
. . . unless you like grainy , smeary pictures . my kid's flip camcorder is a better choice for low light .
too stiff for my liking ! these made my arches sore . found some that had a bit more padding on them .
i have to learn how to rate correctlyseems nice to have four in a packages with different colors . thank you
fabric has a chemical smell that doesn't come out with washings . but fit is good and price is great .
the internet portion of this book lacks detail of how to follow for selftesting .
haven't finished it , so far it is pretty good
the fingers are very stiff which i think is due to the extra padding , but it gets the job done .
does not work as good as when they first came out . mice gets bait about xs before it snaps shut
these brushes are very useful , and it is easy to use by following the guide . but its smell is bad .
good shoe , for the end of the year replacement . looks really cute , and comfortable . reasonable price . quality look . nice !
helps pasess time . im always playing this . when i'm in the doctors office of at work on my lunch break .
pretty necklace , was very happy until the stone fell out . the prongs holding the stone were poorly made . disappointment !
all these short stories are way , way to short , if they were a regular novel they would cost bucks or more .
easier then other picture to word games . but if you want max point working off just one picture is challenging .
remix editremixdance club mixhouse mixconfrontation mix
she loved the ring cute and dainty she loves cats so it was the perfect gift for her great choice
the book was okay . it had too many read these books sections . i don't have that much time to read .
this was very cute but she has had many yarn string pieces in her mouth since the first day this arrived .
these work great on the back of my c sportster . but they do not fit the front pegs .
not the book i wanted
the movie has a good story line but was rather slow but i would watch it again to kill time .
product was ok , although , i didn't read the model numbers . didn't fit my macbook . was able to return for refund .
whitaker is great . the doctor despicable . the movie could have been so much more .
got this for a friends birthday that is into 's 's rock music . i like some of april wines stuff .
much smaller than i thought , kind of a mini set . great quality though .
it doesn't create the best sound but the look was all i was looking for so i'm happy with it .
this book gave me some insights intogetting my board off the snow surface . now to get out and try the suggestions .
fit is a little small but quality seems good . i would say that the socks are a good value overall .
nice look have pictures but soft cover and uncomfortable to look recipe's . the same price in store .
they were not as big as expected but they were good and did the job !
just couldn't get into this book , maybe i've read to many like this but it just didn't hold my attention
doesn't stay right too well on my faucet . may be because of the faucet , but figured if share my experience .
interesting concept , i need to re read to digest it a bit further . not sure if i like it or not .
kept me interested . quite a well written book .
most were good some fell apart , some were pretty thin , i'm not sure if i would purchase them again maybe
i first heard this song on tv . it that every one can have fun , no matter what they are doing .
it is just ok . not as good as his taken movies .
ok i guess . you still need to pay or dollars to unlock everything . notincredible but slightly fun .
wish paint was a bit more permanent beautiful piece however and looks nice hanging in the room with everything
the dickies were a little tight in the arms . next time i by that style it will be a large
one reviewer said this was a concert it's not . it's a bunch of interviews with journalists , fans , and friends . nothing new .
this is not a waterproof item . i bought it to keep my convertible top dry and its not doing that
bought this for my husband , and he said after using he felt his hair got a little thicker .
this is very authentic japanese flute . it is not suitable for background massage music in my opinion .
ok game not the best slot game , not the worse . passes the time just wish it gave you more coins .
gave this movie a chance bec found out gong yoo was in it . anyhow , too cynical a movie for me .
straight up and down common still has skill . peeps please cop this album
i had to google for and download the latest driver to get it to work on my win laptop
worked as advertised , but only works on ipad or better . wish it would have said so on the discription page .
wahhhh ? this game is ok , but pointlessly difficult in places or in moving the story forward for no real reason .
it worked ok , but the phone was junk , so i got rid of the phone , case and charger shorty after .
not as efficient as i thought it would be . it does extend in lengh well to use at a distance
i have it a only because the thermometer is celsius rather than fahrenheit . other than that it's perfect .
i loved this case . the colors and design were totally my style . but it broke on the nd day .
this is a great universal adapter . it really covers every ac need , which is great . i would recommend this product .
the pole look used . got marks and dent in handal . to much of a bother to return . well keep . thanks
my month old liked the pictures . good plot too . i will probably read it again when he gets older .
it's okay . did'nt see any change in my hair when i used it . great lather and nice smell . recommend it .
havent finished this yet but so far its ok . not what i exspected but good . story line is getting good .
adopted our first retired greyhound . gave us much needed information . would recommend to anyone adopting a retired racing greyhound . thanks
liked it .
with a knowledgeable adult around , though , it can be very good for kids so just take that into account , please .
it produces a small sound . doesn't really mask outside noises the way a running fan does .
sticky traps caught more !
it requires an upgrade on firmware in order to install windows . didn't see any issues after windows is installed .
the quality is good , and i definitely do not regret buying it . i need to write more words . there .
the instructions were a little foggy , it was somewhat confusing to get it assembled and hung where i wanted it .
parts missing .
this movie is aiight . it is a bit repetetive and somewhat lame sauce in parts . worth a watch , i guess .
this is a terrific story with great characters . a very good read .
price is for the brandits obviously stylish ! but even without a date feature !
gooooood
this was an average romance . it was okay . more recently , i read any duke will do and that was excellent .
this book was quite predictable , but was enjoyable . i felt like it jumped around a bit in the story though .
good and long unlike most free kindle books . decent plot but no one is that innocent unless they are eleven
millions or not , i would hate to be raised in that manner !
cheaply made but does work . sometimes have problems with it sticking . for the most part it stays on snug . word .
nothing to say about the product itself but it s too simple for a y kid .
nice crosses , however one was broken at the top . still ok . i have the other two on my bedroom wall .
it's ok . i mean you get what you pay for .
does not wash well . gets fuzzy and some shrink whereas some stretch . wont last long . worth buyingire expensive better socks .
bent fast but rather that than breaking the car still does the job just jooks off center
the quality of this case is not so good
still decent but worse thab the first book seems to be a continuation of what should have not continued .
this is a good ya book . one that i would let my teenager read . fun to see people develop relationships .
the hose comes apart at the two pin connector . no interlock . it goes back together fine but not convenient
extremely staticy and thus hard to insert the document to laminate . not as good as even the amazon basics version .
installation easy , but plastic nuts and connections prone to leaking and may not last too long . works as expected . looks acceptable .
it not that bad , i did not like , you have to follow it trut or you will not understand it
not was i was looking for . i expected more for the price . mostly pics . more for a younger person under
no , didn't fit my linksys router at all . a totally different connector at the end . had to send it back .
overall i found this app a bit complicated making inputs to the design but the output is a good product .
this is your typical horror flick . it wasnt bad , but i wouldntrecommend buying it . its just another zombie vampire movie .
nothing special here , they were made from cheap plastic but did serve the purpose at carnival photo booth with preschoolers .
es confuso como la protagonista lleg oacute a la situaci oacute n inicial . debe ser parte de una saga . pero no lo indica .
works but still takes up extra space .
lol , chewable ? you have to buy joking . they are liquidgel capsules and are definitely not lemon flavored .
leave the hair soft for me is similar to shampoo fructis but is a good buy and i recommend it
the glue came hardened . other than that luv the stencils .
not as good as his previous novels . interesting about miami , though , because i used to live there some time ago .
this case is made for a camera when you want to carry more than just the camera etc . extra battery .
looks nice , but hard to reach side buttons and the clip is hard to get open . the black looks good
didn't fit the new kindle fire hd i ordered at the same time . however i love the print . roll tide !
worthwhile short length introduction into the light prog , dark rock band that sounds more organically spirited than future suggestion .
does the job but pretty dull reading . didn't really expect great novel coming from one physicist reviewing anothers work . ok
unnecessary profanity . a good story got lost in the profanity and author's attempt to make the characters funny or appealing .
but the cap has an applicator built into it that makes it nearly impossible not to spill a couple drops .
eh . it's ok . there are better roller massagers out there . this one is just a run of the mill roller .
the stamping in front of the t shirt is rather bad i expected somethig better but for the cost its ok
sounds great but they're so fragile . the headphones are great and sound amazing but the wires are just so fragile .
its kinda spooky , its kinda thought provoking , and it kinda does theological contortions for the sake of a thrill read .
could use some more strength in snow blade . its fast but has hard time in heavy snow , good for light snow only . louis
i think the material was substandard , but the tee shirt i loved ! i will wear it frequently . grumpy cat rules !
for the money they will certainly do the job of all your recording needs . they actually sound pretty dang good
greta novel for the jaded techno thriller reader . a short , straight ahead novel .
i was expecting it to work or to be very similar to the piano sustaining pedal . but it's not . okay only .
always get the extra strength version of the tape , unless you want the tape to come off .
just an ok product . gunky feel to it . packed securely . smells nice , but not my favorite . love deluxe diva . com all natural products !
the gold color is darker than the sateen sheets i had purchased but otherwise the quality is good
this one is comical and a touch annoying rolled up all in one book ! caution a sense of humor required !
this is too expensive for this size .
this one's missing the magic of the earlier albums .
the texture was not so great and the color was off . can still own a . . but there ain't one .
i like everything about these besides the fact there isnt the credit card holder inside . bummer besides that its great
this opener is something you could easily find in a store for about the same price . nothing spectacular about it .
bought this for my wife's phone . it's a little hard to get on and off but otherwise a good product .
i enjoyed it . at times found the writing to be confusing . was surprised there was no ending , it's a continuation .
michellegood time waster . well it wasn't that bad but i as delighted that i didn't waste money at theater . very predictable
bought this for my daughter and she really liked it . it did what she wanted and was a pretty neat phone .
not sure about the moth repellent aspect but it does have a nice aroma . time will tell ! give it a try
fits bike great looks nice
it didn't download the whole book , just pages
this is a nice set , but i gave it as a gift and unfortunately caused an allergic reaction . sensitive ear lobes .
be careful with the card , it put little scratches on my cover .
they are very pretty but they are very hard to close . worth it if you're willing to fight with them .
some corals react a little some none at all . dosnt work to well , corals dont go crazy like people say .
excellent finishesthe fabric and stitching in good conditionare light not heavy . courts were expected , only comes with the small foot orm
this book is okay . funny for a kid who suffers from bedhead . just not one of my favorites but okay .
unfortunately , somewhat confusing in places . the flashback sequences do not always work , and not sure just what is going on .
predictable and a little slow , but cat lover families will probably enjoy . the dubbed english is only a little annoying .
it is convenient to use read material on when out . love the color . foldable slm and ready to go
perfect fit for my travel poster i bought in europe . custom framing to fit the size would have been .
it is so nice to read an exciting book with a spiritual message ! the kindle makes it even easier ! thanks !
i enjoyed the story . i was expecting more from the ending . wanted more from the characters than what was given .
while these are nice , they work and load up easily under windows , they are not ir nightvision capable . very disappointing
understandably one of the best for all these years . this story is a timeless tale of redemption , love , and christmas .
it was alright the screen malfunctions over night if left in car and its cold it fits the need though !
they are tight across the top of the foot . stretching with wear , but very snug to start . cute boots though .
this device actually deserves . stars . get the longer one ! it's vibrations are much more pleasant feeling . . . .
this novel was an enjoyable book to read . the characters were well developed . the ending was a predictable happy ending .
meh
they look good and work well . they just keep falling off frequently .
hard to tell yet . too soon .
i loved this book as a child , so i bought it for my nephew . it is a very good story .
ok movie . needed more storyline details . it was a presented nicely however the content could have used further details and coverage .
a really long and slow read , i would rather yelp someone to wait for the movie than to read this .
just wish the book had been longer . it really had nothing in this one about a blizzard . it was okay .
this was not a book about the lehman's fall , still missing the definitive book about the failure of lehman
the song is okay , i got it becuase i heard that is was cool , i would listen to it occasionally
really basic common sense stuff like make sure the employee knows where to hang their coat . for real ? stars .
works well , but the device blocks one outlet if it's plugged into a outlet socket . that's the only issue
a very easy book to read with some story line . great for switching off and relaxing . not demanding or challenging .
least favorite slider case i've ever purchsed from incase . this material attracts dirt and appears very dirty in no time .
i am glad to receive the book . it will give me a goodknowledge of the festivals .
it gets too hot
this is a cheaper version that is great for beginners . recommend it for kids over with an artistic desire .
it worked quite okay . it is not the best . but great for the price paid ! we are happy so far .
had a lot of difficulty getting these delivered as a gift . lots of complications and problems .
this book wasn't in the best condition but for . i guess you get what you paid for .
i've been using this for a month now , havent seen much results yet . i use the product once a day .
alright not the greatest skin , i dont use it i bought another one . too big on top part of phone .
okokok ok ok okdon't know what to saysimple product . good fit ? good color ? okokok ok ok
grandson loves his spiderman backpack and lunch box . it would be better if backpack had some pockets for smaller items .
not really my type of story , but stuck it out to the end . enjoyed liz and eliott characters the most .
the pencil is very hard and difficult to apply . the color is very good and as expected also very expensive
but this large is skin tight on me . order up a size if you want to be able to breathe .
take almost half a day or so to have a full charge , but it works so far , it's inexpensive anyway .
i was bored but trudged through . just didn't hold my interest .
i wouldn't order these again there isn't a chocolate or cocoa taste just very bland . i am disappointed .
it was ok . predictable story line . characters not well developed . ok for a beach read or nighttime quickie . that's it .
the author needs to learn how to use the verbs lie and lay correctly .
it is good to use but not what i expected . it is small and can fit wherever you want it .
a nicely written book i enjoyed the style ms . kagan writes in .
this toy is very poorly made and the legs kept falling off . this toy is not worth the money .
this book got my attention from the first page . i enjoyed the story so i read itpretty fast .
very light weight . has really no body to hold the shape unless you have something on it like a bowl
i wish it was a little longer after all it was really good . the author is really imaginative ! i love her ! lt
the lamp was needed to see the picture clearer for the illuminated slide viewer . accessories are important to improve product .
wife did not like at all . big bulky and combursome . powerfull enuf but one does not off set the other
no inner core to loose , works well , prices right too !
went through a full tub mixed well tasted amazing , but it contains sucralose only reason it didn't warn a
i bought it for sony cybershot hx v the camera is much smaller then the case . it needs another case .
i gave this as a present to my sister , who liked it but said she's had nicer .
this product is adequate . nothing fancy but does what it's supposed to do .
sweet fairy tales for kids and grown ups favourably for grown ups to tell their children and grand children . nice collection
nice material and look , soft but very heavy material , but i had to return them because they were too small .
it does its purpose .
right part , but a little thin in comparison to the original . faucet still leaked but a grease did the trick .
wish it was a little longer , but good story altogether . predictable ending , but decent pace , and great descriptions . three stars .
awesome story , a great read ! i hope that there are more books to come ! i loved liv and z's relationship !
too powdery smelling for my taste , especially compared to any other body spray . if that's your thing , you'll love it .
i order so many of this i don't know which one i have or don't know where i put them
the adjustable look is not really too adjustable . it looks that way but it appears to be one position only .
wonderful presentation and clear images . very clear description . wish i had purchased this earlier and enjoyed it more . prompt delivery .
similar information , will take what i want to use , and ignore the rest .
i wanted to love it , it looked good , but the story does disappoint .
amazing how much hummelshoj can put into such a short story . it really starts your own imagination going . well done .
great game to play , i wish there was a little more instructions along the way . so far it is fun
nice short story . i found the female character slightly annoying though . not a horrible book but i've read better books .
world clock is very good feature , if you travel around . print on the watch started wearing out in days
loved this earrings but alas they tarnished after only a few times wearing . if cleanable with polish , would purchase again .
not really effective .
you have to be careful with the zipper and they are kinda small
if you consider the price of the wii remote , this is a good deal . the games are so so .
not quite what i expected , i found it a bit odd just looking at still photo's of western canada .
nearly for a piece lego is too expensive . i would expect at least pieces for that price .
read elsewhere it is a little exaggerated and probably sobut still a good read looking forward to the movie
works ok , a little big for the compartment .
other than trying hard to understand his bristish references , i like it . i think he is very funny .
it's okay at first . cause it's so flimsy , dirt gets inside the case and scratches your phone . disappointed , wouldn't . recommend
how can you go wrong by buying gypsy yoga pants ! cotton material .
the smell of it was too strong , it smelt new but to strong other than the it was okay so yeah
ok for the price , i don't think this knife will or could save your life in case of an emergency
i haven't had the opportunity to use this on my shoes , but i hope it will work when i use it .
it is ok , but i don't get the water pressure like with a standard hose .
so stupid , both were hilarious . worth . ! where are you going to find rosie and ray milland in anything together ? !
quite large and suitable for a middle finger . it sticks up pretty far . good price though and it is pretty .
didn't work very long . about two weeks .
was hoping it was more kid friendly
did what i needed it to do .
a good buy for the price , have no issue about the case .
the bulb works well , changes colors continually , but the red cycle is on for just a second or two .
a little pricey for the quality but suits my needs nicely . left or right hand , carries well and protects weapon
i enjoyed it . got a couple new skills . new ideas . cent not that bad . still looking so more to come .
they were a little on the thin side . most new balance seem wider . new balance is all our family wears .
evel was and always be about his ego , he was never an actor . he was an entertainer and a showman
the player looks good , but i have not used it yet . price is in my range . i hope it works .
good price . if you really want a freeze hold try this one . better than most on the market . would recommend highly !
it's alright . decent taste . per serving , you're better off adding your own blended oats to regular protein .
not sure what to say about this , i don't understand the format . message tries to be positive for sure .
it's great for minnie but it's not mickey , which was very disappointing . it was for my yr old son
i prefer the release over this live cd . it could be better if some enhancement work was done .
when working out it does work , however not as efficient as i'd like . the scent is fresh which is nice .
looks good but . flick an flick . how does qb throw ? passes in or more flickswould appreciate any help
this fragrance doesn't fill the room as other yankee candles . i will go back to peach , vanilla , or rose scents .
a little to much emphasis on background a previous history of the area concerned . look forward to another professor story
they dim but flicker if they get to low
average range for wireless audio could be better but is okay if you're just using it around the house . no more wires !
i had to cut quite a bit off to make this screen protector work . besides that its a great product .
gave as a gift and it is a nice bottle glass , but rather thin . first tip over and its done .
wish there was little more space . to accommodate a cc and few notes and a driving license . overall just okay product .
i like the movie but i wouldn't buy it . defiantly would like to see again some time in the future
used to be an addict of v . over the saltiness .
not at all adequate for adult use . it doesn't cut that well at all . i guess ok for kids . but they're pointed .
this is a cheese flavored rice . pretty much what you'd expect from the box . a good backup or side .
comfort ok , but not star like the last pair of new balance sneakers i had .
easy to read but it doesn't give you more information or inside information as to debt consolidation or debt management .
this book was ok . to many secrets and to much sex . i liked it ok . not the best i've read .
i just ordered to small of a size . so i guess they are ok if you order the right size .
good very nice interesting good facts books good fight fight don't fight good info and very nice good stuff stuff
this product , out of all the anthony products , was helpful . it did not do as much but it was useful .
cute app . need more choices and a little instruction but easy once you get the hang of it very easy .
doesn't occupy much space . wasn't hard to assemble . but the material is pretty cheap . you get what you pay for .
could have been much shorter . good read but it was boring at times . took me a week to read it ,
it's a good book , but really how much longer to the end ? ! this series is getting costly ! when when when
a bit too violent for me but i like tommy lee jones . it is worth viewing as a prime customer .
pretty mascaline , but does not a leave a clean finish on the nail . takes a while to get used to .
didn't get to use it . sad ! .
they look incomplete and rather thin for socks . i only purchased them because i'm a wizard of oz fan .
it was enteraining . also it reminded me the old detectivetv showes back in the ' 's .
im not really sure how to rate this since it will be a gift for my daughter for christmas gift
the top is not high enough smooshesdown on your glasses a little when you shut the case
not sure if this product is making a difference
i do no review
pretty weak quality . if what you're using this for involves moving around much then this will not work for you .
it looks good , and was inexpensive for the size . some of the outerwrap can rub off , so handle with care .
this is not one of michener's best . usually his books fascinate me . this time , i was bored .
wont last if you throw it around . i do like the size though , not too small .
it is all right but borrowing i am sitting playing and falling asleep iris fun but puts you to sleep
i actually brought this audiobook for someone else as a gift . i have not heard if they liked it yet .
durable yes , but they should have put zippers accessaible from . both ends price a bit high . though . thanksvery much taylor delbex
wasn't so fussed about this story . the cover gave promise of so much more than it was . interesting idea though .
yet to be determined if protects hair as promised . left hairy little stiff . i will not be reordering this product .
i've never bought strings before so it is kind of hard for me to rate these . so far so good !
one of the most beautiful patterns . but fabric was shockingly thin when i received it . mailed in great time though .
didn't hold my attention like the othe books did . also did not like the ending , it just left you hanging .
after purchasing , i realized i could have gotten this much cheaper else where . shop around next time . you wont be sorry .
a good funnel , i ordered it because i thought spout could be bent and it would have a bigger funnel .
typical tom cruise movie . lot's of action , pretty girls , but not much plot . entertainment at it's most basic , but still entertaining .
didn't notice any difference thought i try it out though just s bracelet to methought i try it out
the best parts were getting to use my french here and there , andhis detailed character development of gruff french men .
good book for a avid tarheel fan , give a lot you useless info that we all need to have yay
its fine , i would have liked to buy one with a head cover and a different color . its ok
i wish it was xl . my partnar likes to wear sweat sharts she cold blood she will wear it
i woi will give this a five star application however the links stop working with the last update . galaxy nexus jellybean
the camera takes fabulous photos and is very comfortable to carry around .
the bulbs were not as bright as i thought they would be . a little long for puddle lights . they work ok .
unfortunately this item can not protect the edges of the phonevery poor conception from the manufacturer should review this
i liked that the information in this book is easy to follow and has examples to explain in more depth .
i loved the look of this sweatshirt , but for being a xl it was small and didn't fit right
this doll was a nice doll and it accurately represented itself as in the picture .
a quick read , entertaining but not memorable . it did keep me guessing until the end . i would recommend to my friends .
they are way more expensive than if you were actually in michigan . the price should be a little bit lower .
good product well described but description didnot say made in china . i needed to know that .
thought blocks would be of a larger size but they are okay kids loved them good value for wood blocks
not compatible with all
quick and easy read . entertaining , but somewhat far fetched . i felt like i was constantly saying really ? that wouldn't happen .
not near enough illustrations of the how to do process and the items shown are not ones i would like especially .
good olives
it was okay , not as cute as i thought it would be .
shoe was somewhat tight on the arches . hopefully will stretch out some as time goes on . look good when on .
i love mash , and season two is hilarious . however it did take a long to to get the dvd .
not truly free ! can not tell you anything about the game because i just started and i need a hint .
plastic . info was not available on listing
pretty liteweight didn't las too long
this isn't made of metal but it works . i needed these for my back up rig so not so biggie .
didn't really like all the articulating parts . all the different parts that swivel and move takes away from the character's beauty .
it has good quality , but its design is so common . if you want special one , you'd better purchase another one .
too many plot lines set up for next book . left hanging too much . also , the storylines are becoming too predictable .
interesting read
vegan type snack . healthy snack pretzel substitute with sesame seedsmuch tougher than pretzels . do you need fiber to eliminate ?
hard to fit charger into case and very flimsy
they're a bit too wide and the sole is rather thin . i prefer more sponge . they're just ok , nothing great .
the case didn't fit together perfectly but you should not expect much when you are paying on a case
there were no likeable characters in the entire book . i plan tread it again to try to understand it better .
was not exactly as advertised in that did not thrust . worked fine otherwise . does appear to be a bit flimsy . does the job
love the smoothness of this cover , wish it would come over the corners a little better , but overall very nice .
size was a comfortable fit , but not as shiny or sparkly as i would've hoped . good for every day use .
really pretty , beautiful design . key action pleasant . but its too small , the typing position is very cramped . bluetooth worked well .
i expected these to be slightly larger . the height is good but the mold if very shallow , similar to andes candies .
i enjoyed all the stories in this book except one . i would recommend this book to others .
just normal hoarders
it could have went into a little more detail . too short ! not as thorough as i would have liked it .
did not make clear it was the teachers review edition . picture did not match the product .
good
the noise cancellation is good . but the quality is not up to the mark , bit disappointing from skull candy .
always seems to give a lower reading than what the one in the doctor's office does . maybe because of nerves .
it's very cute great for a small boy , but lighter weight than i expected .
it's ok novel with a standardized plot . predictable but not arduous to read . this is my last of seven words .
not as strong as i though it would be but then that's probably my wishful thinking .
i have not finished reading this book so there for i can not properly rate this book at this time .
the writing was ok , the storyline was fine , the characters were almost three dimensional but could have had more depth .
the audio quality is good but my ears start hurting due to it pressing on my ears for a while .
the cover fits well over our new bbq . the material is a bit cheeze looking .
not finished with it yet .
flat wear very light . feels cheap to me . i am surprised paula deen attached her name to it . very disappointed .
the beginning was fast paced got a little stretched out and end again fast paced . i would not read again .
i bought this for crossfit , mostly for taping my handing during pull ups . it held up alright . i've used better tape .
it was an pretty good book thought it could use more action but other than that it was pretty good
very easy to install and was no sweat about chemicals that my kids or animals could get into after installation .
thanks
i like the idea , and the look but they are for chubby wristed people ! need to make a smaller size .
it's been ok .
was thinking that the case will be more stronger more massive but in all the phone looks gr in it .
it is very hard to take off . i broke it trying to get it off to get to my battery
it is informative . it is a helpful guide for those who would like to know how christmas is celebrated elsewhere .
i like the blending sponge but i really expected them to be larger , but they work fine for my makeup .
several didn't smell as they were labled not just by my nose but by several others who didn't think so .
not so much . its cool til you've been laying on it a while . then after a bit not so much . nanananana
great tips but too condensed ! need to buy full version to get full affect . but informative for the length given .
great , the entire series was great .
really well directed and acted movie . a must watch .
i enjoyed dipping into maggie newsberry mystery . the writing style enabled me to be with maggie , investigating her sisters death .
you really should look at version of this program , it is much better than this out of date version .
simple extractors made from plastic .
if you like candy crush you will love this . have fun . if very addictive . once you start you won't stop .
value for moneyits serving the purposeweight lessi use it for emergency purposei heats too much , cord is too short
please note on your label what is made of what it is for and so onwritten description would be great
item arrived on time . another cat book .
i plan to give as gift
good but it has petroleum in it so you can't use it on aegs overall though its really good lube
food doesn't pass through it easily .
the book provides a simple scheme , but without some real example , the idea is not effective .
it was a good story with historical significance , but there was too much detail and jumping around in the story .
awsome .
plug and play . easy to carry around and easy to use on any machine i've tried it with .
book looks ok . haven't really used it much yet . am waiting on a piccolo to come .
the case is very poorly manufactured . the stitching comes loose after only a few uses . i would recommend another product .
i liked the app but it sends a notification to my phone every day and can't be turned off . strange !
you would have to run a couple of other scans to see if it is missing things . same with malware .
not a great item , but low cost , its ok . need more words . hmmm go jets . hmmm more words , ok
very nice , great access whether you're out and about , in the office for lunch , or just playing around at night .
unfortunately we returned this . the color wasn't true to the web site . otherwise the quality and look is just terrific .
choose this series because i like the jolie wilkins series . like this series but not as much as jolie series .
my husband used it alot when we first got it and has done some of his own creations now . enjoy !
i thought i had it figured out but there is an interesting change i the plot at the end . entertaining
used at home for less than a year . worn out in the back as if its years old .
it gets the job done but i find the crystal nail file a bit too thin .
the scissors feel cheap , but what can you expect from plastic scissors ? they work for what i need them for .
a great way to pass the time with family and friends . more stars given if it had updated graphics and sound .
was not worth price . it is a pain to have to adjust all the time .
unreal at some many levels it is distracting . i like the background history more than the plot or odd characters .
too tall for me , i cut the legs down , good bm
ok movie but kind of slow in the middle . depicts the life of an alcoholic very accurately . hero with issues .
expected a more powerful spray .
this is ok for occasional use , but too much work for daily use . for that i shower prefer a brush
not very entertaining to me . the history is minimal and the plot quite simple . i like really involved historical novels
this movie should have been better than it was . the quot big quot scenes could have been alot better .
i like it but i just think the plug ends are large they are hard to fit into certain places !
worked great , for months , then it got sat through and sucks .
should have gotten the clear filter bowl . how am i going to know when its dirty without taking it apart ?
it looks nice , i got a size but it runs really big so i will have to return it .
the smell of it is a bit distracting to be quiet truthful , but i still use it and like it .
really nice case . well built . extra pockets and strap . a little big for the barnett wildcat . but it will work
bottoms fit right but top too small . i ordered an xxxl and i wear ddd and it was too small .
they are good . this are suppose to be the soft ones , but i find the other ones , quiet please , softer .
i love it now would have like it a tad bit bigger . just do i could laura it some , thanks
my grand daughter loves this toy my only complaint is that the wheels don't roll as much as they slide
for the more serious photographer , it is an excellent book to read and try out the techniques included in it .
interferes with my main remote computer when it is turned on . only connect it when i need the remote capability
a very good product for that price . wish there was an opening for the charger when the cover is on .
this boon was good but it was really slow at the beginning , but at the end i loved it . thank u
basic cradle . seemed a little overpriced .
beginning story was very interesting , then excessive preaching disrupted my views and concerns until the final chapters renewed my interest .
served the purpose for making some home made necklaces .
like the product but just not sure if it is my style yet . will let you know down the road .
very quiet as advertised , but has a strange odor that permeates room .
i was disappointed that it does not have a setting to just vibrate , like the one i gave away . bessie
the ending of the book left you hanging . the author needed to have more of a conclusion to the story .
a very graphic , often selfish revelation . not badly written for a first book . will probably look out for her second .
i liked this book it was very helpful in learning different styles of meditation . meditation for beginners master the art .
very strange is all i can say about it . some good actors , but the story line was a little strange .
received amethyst clip instead of blue . very pretty . just not what i ordered
it was okay , but was smaller than i thought it would be . for the price , i guess it is okay .
it's okay .
a little less , but cheaper product for the spent . gains a musty smell after wet for so long .
others sing , but i like josh' voice the best . would prefer it all be josh !
gel wrist pad is nice , but i don't care for the too slick pad surface . sticky bottom is a nice feature .
seemed strange that some of the other famious ww were not included .
it could be done with a little bit of spaces in different angles on the date side and description side .
to me a surprise ending . really not a bad film , but not all that great . acting was okay for subject .
this battery ran down faster than oem but is a cheap backup to finish a project . i will keep it .
i love learning about the different crystals and what they represent . the presenters on the other hand were quite dull .
i think this is a good read for tweens , but the plot was very predictable for an adult avid reader .
i like this group . found them through youtube .
off to too many tangents with other world . had to push to finish it . lost my interest unlike first book .
seemed to drag on but got my interest any way . planning to watch the next season . to see what happens .
it is different and often very interesting as well as entertaining .
the shipping and price was good . but i didn't expect this book to be so outdated .
great until it stopped working between months !
i like the pills better than the drops it might work i think i need to give it more time
felt it was overpriced for the size of the unit , was hoping it was larger .
its worth the price , didnt like too much of the gold around . looks like rustic ! but the diamond are nice !
interesting story , loads of 's tv show actors who weren't doing anything .
it was mainly interesting because i live in nc . good story .
memory significantly reduced compare to the previous model . . gb only available , what does it cost extra gb these days .
this app is okay . i don't like how you have to unlock every game though . it's kind of stupid
kids and love it . there is some romantic innuendo but it is harmless i believe .
good characters , mother and the three brothers and the little sister . would of like to see the brothers find wife's .
i was ok with the merchandise the package not so much . a bag instead of a box . it was not cool .
long textbook . good if you'll be going into this field .
i thought this was going to look more well made but i guess you get what you pay for . lol
this book seems to cover a lot of what happened in the first one and gets too repetetive for me .
it was okay but not nearly as good as the gray man . i must have missed the point .
so far so good easy at the beg and increasing difficulty god to try . nothing to lose it is free
it is what it is but be warned the stick is a little less than ' and half . not very long .
make it more clear and less bubbles
thought the stories would be better meaner and funnier . i kept waiting for a real slap to happen snooze fest .
watch out for the little screws , they don't have a hex head size and need to be replaced to work
it is an okay cover . it is coming apart now i've had it for about a month now .
the bra is comfortable , but fails to stay up . i constantly find one of my bubies out .
what an indulgence of sets , costumes and talented actors somewhere in amongst all that extravaganza you might find oscar wilde .
it kind of works . guess i'm beyond any hope for firming up anything . it's worth a try a serious though .
really cheaply made . still cute though .
i expected stories about his life in key west . not just the bars he visited . it shouldn't have been published !
it was a cute kids movie it was kinda slow paced n u can tell its a old made movie
i have a inch laptop , and this case is way too big for it ! its nice quality but too big !
but good . i guess that's why it's been out of print for so long and is still being used
the plot moves along nicely , though the main character gets way too many lucky breaks to overcome suspension of disbelief .
this is a fun games , almost identical to the quot guess the logo quot games . fun but you better know your movies !
ounces is way too small , i should have bought a ouncer if they have it
i ordered a and received it , but the belt lenght is more like the one of a inches
no instructions and cheaply made . works ok once you play around with it a few times to figure it out .
it's okay for creamers . i personnally was not very happy with the strong cinnamon taste . this is a good purchase .
nice pc but ring is not the size it said it was but i like it . works me
made in indonesia . quality just ok , a lot of flaws . much larger than we thought , not sure we'll keep it .
my dvds do not work can u please contact me says on the screen wrong region . contact via email please
the lamp wasn't the real problem it works vey well i just needed another part but now i have two .
this video was good . you can find everything it covers on youtube . having it all in one place is nice .
easy to put together . shipping was fast . had to touch up a couple of spots .
this works great and does everything it said . it also looks great , but it's not pink . it's a metallic purple .
was very smal but looked larger . my grand daoughter love it and thats all that countsinice nice nice
good headphones but seem to be cheaply make very flemsy
this definitely won't fit foot hose . it will fit ' comfortably . sturdy and easy to move around and operate .
was an ok read it took me a while to get thru it but i'm glad i did . eh ? lol
good sturdy product . works well on glass and is easy to use . simple n neat . for the price it's good
the actual lee brice soundtrack has much more oomph and bounce to his beat and voice . these people sounded board .
very , very flimsy . the brand i normally order was out of stock , so i tried these . i won't purchase again .
if you have wide feet , your toes will hang off . obviously i had to return the shoes . nice shoe otherwise .
love the design and the necklace . my baby grabbed it and the chain broke . cute , but it breaks too easy .
after problems resolved ok product .
pretty much a rehash of things that have been on tv before .
my year old likes this ! she doesn't have much trouble with math but this game keeps her brian going .
it is made nice but not what i was looking for as far as concealment will be getting another holster
this is fine . i like the smell , but could go on smoother . it's not cloying , so that's better than most .
it was free with prime , so i watched it . similar to shooter starring mark wahlberg . but i liked shooter better .
door doesn't stay open very well . it's hard to reach in to the back of trap to place food teaser .
great book , just didn't like that they referred to god as joshus
more a story about what the writer thinks happened during king henry's marriage to his sixth wife . rated stars
really cute puzzle , but the animalnoises don't even sound like the animals . to be honest , the noises are pretty creepy .
quality normal only fullhd record . another rocord size not avalible . no fp select p p p p p p . not havenot recommed . and high capasity batary very expencive .
it is a good game but i don't like racing they should have a jet ski parking game for free
they are thinner then the shark brand . i didn't receive the coasters . they work fine . have to change them more often .
it began to lose color around the edges after a few games . peeling leaving a blue color around the edges
quality is fine , but a bit small . i have to be careful in the future . besides , i like black color .
breda watchthe watch is beautifull but it is not at all waterresistant ! , even washing your hands is too much
sorry put note on wrong item , i wish the camera would take pictures both ways and not just selfies .
what is there to say about a fuel stabilizer ? it does the job probably as well as any other brand .
three stars
seems as if , because roy made more movies than anyone else , mill creek figures we better see 'em all . ha !
would buy again . it does not pick up small items . l would have looked around a little more and shopped wiser
they did okay for what i needed , i'm looking to purchase the revo , i like what it can do
it amused my son the first couple of times but not a story that he asks for often any more .
they fit well in the waist but are way too long .
studs fall off quickly . you get what you pay for though . the plastic has lasted and not broken . d d
i have viewed several of steve murray's dvds but did not think this was one of the better ones .
so funny . over and over again !
this is a decent starter for crossword puzzles . not too hard and a good starting point to more difficult puzzles .
good . but does not stay cold long enough . conforms to back well , large , but very very heavy to carry
they were too small and had to exchange
the paint was coming off even before it was used and it protects the phone just sucks in its look .
i thought these would be larger but it is my fault for not looking at the specs more carefully
this movie was interesting , more of an documentary . it was something to watch when there was nothing else to watch .
product is good but it has too much calcium . if i order again i will get the brand without it .
item was what i ordered and is working flawlessly with no regrets , took about a month to get it . t
tough reading
doesnt last very long . smell fades fast . at first it smells good but you might need to carry it around all day
a cross between bourne and safe house . good fast paced action predictable at times but not overdone . entertaining but not heart stopping .
this hair is natural looking and is really beautiful . i expected individual hair strands to look more like relaxed hair
its an okay case , it doesn't provide much protect if the phone is dropped .
doesn't taste very well . it is really good for you but trying to get down is another thing . good luch
great figures , only usable in the toybox mode . go to toys r us . they have this for
really cute but very stiff and tight . probably should have ordered a half a size bigger than i usually wear .
thinner than i thought , but okay . i will still wear them , but am still searching for socks a little thicker .
this is more of a practice tool rather than a learning tool . my boys found it difficult to follow along .
nice look and feel but i would rather use a case .
not really a pocket guide more like a condensed summary . good guide for review .
i was disappointed with it because the web is too light . i was looking for something thicker . but it'll do .
very good but there is no wifi accessoryother wise it is benificial easy to pick upi really like it
it was ok .
the light blue marble is the medium firm and the darker blue soft marble was shipped to me . otherwise , i'm satisfied .
had to return it was not what was pictured or the part i had ordered got it from somewhere else
too much soft
i was disappointed . the battery did not hold a charge for very long . maybe sat on shelf for too long .
cute stories . let's call it semi non fiction ! been in safari and these episodes are a little far fetched . quick , page turning read .
at first the game is fun . however , after a while the game becomes so very , very , very , and very boring .
the item was damaged during shipping and amazon automatically informed me and refunded me without me having to do anything .
the ck ballet flat are too large . the b us is too large . same a b us . no good size
took multiple tries to set it up correctly . saved to folders thinking i could reuse . nope those are just sitting there .
fair fast read it stretched out to long but not a bad read youngsters book and a fair beach book
lovely idea . hard to download . my internet at fault .
it producto works fine , but proyection have a dark zone on right corner . the resolution don't permit read some text
i only used this once but it sufficed for my needs . i would recommend to a family or friend . thanks .
i didn't realised that i had to purchase the water bladder separately . as such , i couldn't give them as presents .
it's not like the original ! they describe the same product as the original but they are different . it doesn't match !
this product though uncomfortable and ackward at times does do the job as far as protecting the eye is concerned .
not the best , but a good start to a good series moving forward . i would definitely give it another chance .
you get what you pay for ! very simplistic , but informative .
poor quality
this app is fun to get if you like playing solitaire . this app should give more features to do . enjoy .
i give this book a three because i like the romance but the church thing is not really my forte .
awsome start to the sereis sets the foundation of a show that has become an icon in the syfi community
these are not bad , the kids like them . i think they should be a lot cheaper for what they are .
neuf vis cocue world . uenc
it is easy to understand . but not enough deeper knowledge .
where can i sign up to go take care of business , have fun , and get paid very well to boot ? !
hard to loose color and has served it's purpose . i like the magnet . prompt shipment .
works well for holding ipad and ipad only . ipad in case is too heavy to be supported by mounting system .
i return item for the hdx . so i didn't even open the package . move up for more and clearer picture . mayday
small size is too big for a small sized person like me . ordering an xs if it is available . it's okay .
it is already defectuous . it doesnt charge so im not going to be able to use it anymore . to baad
this is the second pair i have had to purchased . the air in the packs slowly leaks out over time .
it's short and concise , but i think there are other books that might be more helpful .
did not seal very well . i sit an object on top to keep it closed . poor instructions included . that's all !
smaller than i expected
the cup and fit is excellent , but the arm strips are too short making it difficult to put by oneself .
got it . it's ok not what i expected . so it is just ok . hope the other books are more help . not sure
good service but book has not the same look as it is shown . that was not what i was expecting
go is moving fast , and this book is already showing age , but i enjoyed reading through and writing the code .
what i needed . not as sturdy as had hoped . price was cheap . packing was bad . one is all bent up .
this book drug on a little for me . i skimmed through the last half . but it's a nice story .
i give it a three . it works pretty good most of the time . occasionally it has trouble getting good reception .
this is a great snack , but donot order during the summer . the product degrades due to heat exposure during shipping .
sound is not too bad . wish the controls were a bit easier to figure out . bought another for my daughter
this shirt is a bit thinner than i'd like . but it's not as thin as most t shirts are these days .
it will have you in it for hrs at a time cool game for kids have to get it now
it read well little more than half , potraying corruption , poverty and servitude . it ends in hurry and cinematic fashion .
its ok with what you get . simple pair of glasses , not the best quality , but for the ride its ok .
energy is used to fast anything you want to use costs money . i'm not a big fan of the game .
i went through and checked the recipes . i don't think i found a one that i even wanted to try .
the threads are not easy to assemble and disassemble but the tubes work well and do the job very well .
works ok . takes a lot of practice to use correctly . for the price it is worth a try .
well . you can't hate on art since it's about freedom of expression . so it's best i end the review right there .
wanted something comparable to bubble island and thought this would be like it but not up to par for me
pour quality
good app a little challengingbeen stumped a couple times but all an all its fun . the whole family helps
weird events happen in the house , but even stranger is the narrator of these events .
it's great , but it's expensive and this product didn't protect the phone .
could have had a few more features to it . it works for now though . . . . . . .
got a few chuckles out of it . my girlfriend and i watched this with another couple for valentines day .
i haven't received anything yet to review the product . i made the claim and still no answer from anybody .
this book was quite amazing . i loved every moment of it . i can't wait to get the next one . yay !
works with iphones tried with iphone , however , neither my ipad nor my ipad mini charged with this cable .
i bought it for my husband . i wasn't very impressed with it . it's ok but i wouldn't buy another one .
works for a while . cant take mich of a beating . works excellently when it did work .
i was an early fan and have purchased each album but this one feels as if it was phoned in .
traveled for month across sw in summer . did not work well in car , but worked great inside using ac adapter .
it has only been about miles , but there has been no cel or codes yet . i'm crossing my fingers .
this is a cool app cause it had some really cool and funny ringtones . i liked it , it was neat !
received the cami pretty quickly . this wasn't what i thought it was , but it worked for what i needed it for
im not sure what the purpose of having window openings for the date is . its kind of stupid looking
i'm not a big gambler . don't want to have to buy more coins . i prefer word games and number games .
it is ok it is not the best game but not the worst it depends on what you like
they were ok i really enjoyed the comedy . don't expect too much .
its ok because i mean the texture is alittle weird and its kinda beat up but i is really cute !
little confusing , but i'm over so most likely operator error graphics are bright and bug is cute .
chose the book not realizing it was a short story but still a good read ! very spooky will enjoy it !
ok
not too happy with the brace stand on the back of this item . needs a new design .
it's a little small for my wide hands
love the shoe but runs large so will have to return it .
i was surprised by the price . i've reviewed the recipes , but haven' tried any yet . it's a very pretty book .
the product is very sensitive to getting old and losing its concentration , shelf life do not last long , susceptible dehydration
its an ok album . i would be rated stars if they brought bizzy bacc . bring bizzy bacc bone !
first i tought it . was somewhat large , afterwards it fitted ok .
beautiful we'll priced piece . the pink was a little more than i would like but still very nice . well constructed
again , it would have been more useful if it had english subtitles . children sang the song beautifully and clearly . jpw
well the story is interesting but now the twists are getting predictable enough but let's see where it leads to
nice effort by john . gets better with each play . please see my review for the domestic version .
it came fresh and about a week later . i will order from there again .
not a bad read if you're looking for something easy and a little thrilling . that's all i have to say .
this book was easy to understand . th e part i didn't like was th e symbols didn't have written directions .
starts strong but stays static afterward . like the same story over and over . there are much better books out there
eh , it's alright i got over it the first hours good price , very cheaply looking
problem with these shoes is the thong . it's stiff after awhile really irritates . sole is super thin , cheaply made .
i would give a star becuse is a beautifil case put the handle broke in a week no good
i was expecting a much stronger scent from the peppermint hardly notice it at all . does its job though .
fairly decent book . very good ideas . will be using some of the ideas . need to take notes when reading . end
i was able to use out of the tuners . the fourth would not turn . typical pac rim quality .
they worked for what i needed them for , but they were a little small for the size . nice quality though .
what size are these sunglasses that would be real helpful for me choosing to buy them or not
good album , a gang of guest appearances ! nice beats , some songs got some hard flows . get this ! good cd , very underrated !
the plot idea was good but grant did a rather early in the book .
it was ok not bad . can be better . i liked it tho . nice smell cool fragrance to wear in summer time ok
adorable but tight .
it is monotonus . not real challenging . if you are an avid gamer , this not for you . maybe for younger children .
fit was great on my model , nice and level . not so on my , point upward on the outside , otherwize great mirrors .
great story with odd twists to it . the writers style keeps you interested in the story . i recommend this book .
not thrilled with this .
it's fun and easy . the tutorial is helpful for first timers and the storehouse line gives it a little interest .
the movie was some how slow delivering the message . it could have been better . funny at times . look out .
not sure if it really works . i have applied it , but can't tell too much of a difference yet .
there are a lot of clicks involved in using this app but it gets the job done in the end .
product permeability good , slightly smaller . very suitable for the summer season exercise , climbing . next time will buy again . better appearance .
this product is ok for the price i paid for it but i would not pay full internet price .
i like the material and the cut and weight of the robe but it's too short ! i'm ' slim build .
same as the criticism of her husbands book . you really need a new artist illustrator . sorry to be negative but gheeee e e
fun to watch with great action sequences , but leaves you feeling empty . the original wrath of khan is vastly superior .
the camera works great , however the builtin microphone and speaker are very disappointing . we will not be purchasing another one .
good taste and a great value . i can'ttaste any difference from real salt . i will continue to purchase for sure .
very cheap construction pole is too short and flimsy . it works as indented , not sure how long it will last .
these hidden object games are alright and they go fast . the price couldn't be better . they are not very involved situations .
nice color . great length for women they run a bit big hope they shrinknice shorts will buy more
my knives barely fit in my drawers . make sure you account for the handles sticking up when you measure .
nice headset but a little quiet for my liking . too bad there isn't a volume adjustment .
came in time . works good . , signal not as strong as indicated . works none the less . . . . .
had to read it since i grew up watching star wars . it was a fun read .
decent quality . nothing will ever be made like back in the day . this is close enough . buy them they will work .
need more ways to get free bingo chips . but its ok if you want to wait for your daily bonuses
this gives a subtle message need to get close to read it . mounting options are limited , however very sturdy .
not that much fun for kids . looks real cool but not so much interaction fin with it . that about it
it must have been a mistake . i don t remember even seeing this book . can t even remember ordering it . go figure that
i use this on my hair before blow drying . i don't see any noticeable results . will not re purchase it again .
good value for the money , but didn't really knock my socks off . i expected more from the excellent previous reviews
is lumpy and not as good as i have purchased in the store . i love the shampoo and deep conditioner .
this product was okay . only used once or twice . wish there was more updated designs . hope to see it happen .
could have been condensed into a simple list rather than trying to expand it to a full book .
i don't think this product is strong enough for kp . this works very well to soften hands and feet though .
nice smell and decent shave . maybe it's me but i have a hard time making a really think lather . fg
pretty good but not what what i was looking for
i finished these in a day . interesting brain exercise , but finding objects is easy for me . need something more challenging .
it works on htc desire but not my kindle fire if it did it would be perfect . . . .
enemy of the state is my first film , wich i buy here .
the thrills i got from this book . some just felt too real , damnnn that miles he something else . good read
my year old loves playing this game . she has been able to figure out everything on her own .
quality i really do love this sweater , however , . quality wise is really not that good , but is quite cheap anyways
this is a very good product , it was a steal at this price . highly recommend this app for your tablet .
it could be a little tighter and not ramble on quite so much but i enjoyed the story and characters .
good to use with long hair and not short , doesnt leave much residue which is good but takes more amount
i liked this book . i love how the character grew . the set up wasnt much of a set up but whatever .
i was disappointed with the small size . my granddaughter is years old but she really needs a larger accordion .
my daughter and i really enjoyed this nice movie . i would give an excellent buy for any family . get it !
it was alright , nothing special . it's nice if you're looking for a cheap phone case . i'd recommend it for anybody .
my first engraver , but it should come with a warning label about the noise level . you will want ear plugs !
the apple is a different program so it is time wasting to understand all the programsthank youarthur a
i loved the backpack but it is not what we expected for our needs . so we bought a different one .
good for the price
very resourceful and extensive information . i was surprised at the size of the book larger that i anticipated .
case was cracked and contents were in good condition . tad bit slow on delivery . over all it was a good transaction .
twas a mighty good novel . it had unfathomable amounts of action . i liked to read this particular novel at night .
hard to get letters out
i have took this product mainly for shaving , after using i felt its spoiling my skin . planning to return the product
decent story ending was a bit muddled . was interesting just not as good as other books i have read lately .
ii only used this ecopad coffee filter two separate times and i do not see any advantage in there use
es bueno pero le falta un poco de fuerza y contenido . lectura pasatista para el subte o el colectivo . d
if you're at the doctor's office and need something to occupy time . this is a good game for your children .
first i didn't like because doesn't stay secure on the floor . but we find the way and now is ok
it s okay , but , i think it could be better done . it seemed a bit to silly for my taste , anne stickles
the design is fine , the dress is nice but the quality is not very good and the strass too obvious .
you cant see it in the picture but it vary thin and in the sun you can see throw it
it is nice it does what i need it tooth is is stupid you gotta write so many words ugh
pretty good ! recommended !
definitely not designed for a thin , narrow foot . otherwise an attractive shoe with a very comfortable sole .
our professor required this manual because he is one of the authors . it's a citation manual . quite unremarkable . it's adequate .
offer some protection but still have room for improvement on the back especially , could also fit the tf t a little snugger .
for the price it was an ok product , kind of a cheapy case but it does its job fairly well .
is hiding and feeding on the wild life there . then one day it shows its self .
it's not what i expected . it is just a copy of the original and is very loud and vibrating .
the phone is offered unlocked and was blocked . it was necessary to call at t to unlock and use it
this is a nice bathroom shower caddy , tall , customizable , but it rusts real bad . i'm not sure how to remedy that .
not enough practice pages too much chit chat .
the watch is cool , the description , says the watch was mm , but the color is cool , so not bad
not impressed with the shampoo . it is obviously watered down . not as thick as salon quality . the conditioner was good though .
not too impressive , but not all that bad . mostly generic semi funky rock .
okay if your medication is of small size .
the fan works fine and is easy to install . however , it doesn't blow very hard or move a lot air .
difficult to program . works well with electric towel warmers and easily installs with multible units . take your time with programming .
the material was a little thin , but my sis got a kick out of it , shes a big bob fan
would have preffered larger size but this is the original formula which has been changed for the worse last year .
cannot use on the range broad points they are light for recurve usenot for use on boltsvery sharp
will not impress you to remember long after you have it . i do not even know where it is now .
very nice shoe color , elegant and looks as shown in fig . but heavy , so the foot is painful and tiring
great phone charger got it for my daughter and it works great
having trouble staying connected .
i think netflix has one of the best libraries but i would like to see more newer movies . good service .
i love michael connelly but this took so long to get going the payoff at the end wasn't worth it
a quick and easy read , predictable but holds your attention . if you like romance stories you will like this story .
this book was same as his other book , only told after the conviction . nothing new in these stories . i'm disappointed .
this was recommended to me but i am retired and feel it is too childish . it didn't hold my interest .
nice , silver end always ends up on the bottom of the wrist . top heavy , but nice
ok watch . but big for my wrist .
was not aware it was big print . was not aware it was a library book . was in good shape with cover tho
i have not finished the series , so i can not be honest , ta da ta da ta da ta da
not too interesting . i thought there would be more of a variety in african music . it does not .
i like the running shoe but it fits a bit tight and i hope it will stretch out in time
i like all kinds of solitaire . another game that uses your thought machine . glad that i can still use it .
seems interesting and scary . acting was above average . set seemed to be well made up . when is the next episode ?
light worked for a small storage area . not bright enough to read by , but good enough to deal with storage .
hopefully it works longer than a month like the last one i bought from here . can't beat the price though !
my first time owing apple and i was expecting more for it all the good apps i have to buy
it only works sometimes . maybe out of times it will charge . otherwise i get nothing
it fits the phone great but after a couple of months the picture on it started rubbing off .
the other books were a little more entertaining , but still a good way of passing the time . summer reading
seem to work well but the ear plugs seem to tire the ear channel after a short while .
this case held up much better then some of the other ones we've purchased . it did break after a while .
i had some issues with nozzle needing to be cleaned . other than that , it's what one expects for the price .
pressure gauge doesn't work but who needs it for small tires . not worth the effort to return . so it goes .
only heat resistant . better than the three fingered glove my iron came with but not real impressed with this . meh .
i did not expect too much from this product . i was surprised to discover it was made better than expected .
i kept this holder for chains but they keep slipping off . i would rather get a different kind of holder .
it was a little slow moving in places , especially the beginning , but it is definitely a unique work . the end
worth a rent . it was entertaining for the most part . lots of snl type humor . it was stupid .
durability mattered with this gift and this toy set definitely held up . i'm not sure about it's educational value though ?
fun and frustrating at the same time . great to have when traveling . for kids of all ages . enjoy the challenge
a bit bummed that the blu ray dvd combo came in the larger dvd sized case and not the smaller blu ray case .
bought this for my son thinking it would be good quality instead , it is vinyl or some sort of plastic .
the scent is extremely fleeting .
i wish it was a little bigger and had more than one speed . other than that not a bad product
bought these for me . gave them to my year old daughter to use when playing dress up . weird shape and fit .
cute . a little bulky . very cool and edgy though . comfortable during day but not during sleep .
i was disappointed that it did not include any staples to test out the operation . not a single staple .
grossly over priced . should have been a short . lacking details . wish i had never bought it . don't expect too much
i ordered this thinking it would be pieces but it is only the top . otherwise it seems high quality .
the shipping on this item was pretty fast . it arrived in great working condition . i am very pleased with this order .
the calf on these boots are large would fit someone with a large calf . nice looking boot and very comfortable
the shirt had a great color and fabric . the fitting was ok , it was a little too big for me .
i live maybelline baby lips . it's my favourite lip balm but this was the wrong colour for my chocolate complexion .
enjoyable but hard going in places however i am new to his work so i may just not understand it .
nostalgic look at a kid's cartoon show from the 's . entertaining , with some decent music .
this book has some very good new ideas but most of it covered material that i had already read elsewhere .
in hand , the tool feels a bit cheap , but it gets the work done sufficiently . maybe not for professional use .
nothing spectacular it was just ok thoughy it woud be bigger just did not like tt not at at noway
okay , not bad material , it's a little bit soft then i expected , i like a bit harder for my meal .
has its moments but otherwise overwhelmingly ordinary . sorry nick , but jon , ian , and ritchie quite clearly made the right decision .
my fiancee liked this key chain very well as she did the travel mug lanyard i got for her .
i thoroughly enjoyed reading killing jesus . my timing happens to coincide with the lenten season . i highly recommend reading it !
fell apart within about months . great while it lasted but you get what you pay for with this product .
it's okay , but i have gone back to maybelline great lash . it does define lashes but i prefer great lash .
very good album . it's getting harder to find some of the older stuff that was popular when i was younger .
its pretty fun to play and quite easy too . some of them i couldn't guess others were a dead giveaway .
i found the book a little far fetched yet an enjoyable read . not one of mr prestons stellar efforts .
bought these for my niece who is in college . so far so good . will buy them again in the future .
very bold but it makes a wonderful iced coffee diluted with soy milk , vanilla syrup and splenda .
it's just a little short
because your sight redirects to other places , i did not get the karaoke discs i thought that i was ordering
works fine but i didn't notice the small size when i placed my order . i preffer the full size cans .
decent but frustrating . it's often a cluster ! of the balls of goo doing amp i don't want them to do .
doctor recommended , been using it a year , maybe it is working , hard to tell .
a little surprised at cher but just shows she can pull off any thing she does
it's okay and i laughed a bunch but i wish it was longer and made more freaking sense . . team edward ! me
i just like word games so this one has sufficed with my favoritism to word games . kdjfl laksdjf sdkjf aslkdjf
informative about bird watching but not at all about individual birds .
works pretty good but the screws were to short for my summit . i bought some longer screws and all was well
free download . not too bad of a read . not too long . there are other books in series . may see about reading .
ok game only doing this to get points . don't have anything else to say just typing to have enough words
but it is too narrow . i put it in my forward controls . description says passenger footpegs . nohting more . .
difficult getting belt offthe release is too small and difficult to releaseok but not grear as shown on shark
not real good
strange series . dystopian future with some interesting ideas about torture , psychological enslavement , and propaganda , mixed with a goofy teen romance .
grandson age had fun with it . just lost two front teeth new challenges speaking so made it even funnier .
cool app . i just wish there were more free restaurants . i think i would have given it a higher rating .
too small . struggle to put on no interaction with phone through plastic . then a struggle to take it off .
bad quality , i will not recommend to my friend and i would tell you guys , do not buy it . do not buy !
smells terrible . used it to repell squirrels from building nest in my car . score to date me , squirels
this was thinner than the otter box but still usable and a heck of a lot cheaper !
read for book club . interesting bookk but i had a hard time picking it up and continue to read it .
nicely written , but predictable . the plot kept me interested in the story , but nothing surprised me .
haven't been able to use yet , because the gel part wasn't shipped with mask . otherwise it's ok i guess it will .
the covers were nice , the only thing that was wrong as the numbers were not inter changeable , as they should be ok
some of the games are not clearly explained how they are played . young children might have difficulty following the directions
the orange was orange the blue was purple . wanted auburn phone . using now but order something different . it is ok
there are errors when i start to use it . usually it recovers after several restarts . don't know what the problem .
sensible information followed by a lot of lengthy examples . make your point and move on . smart people will get it .
these are some reasonably good cheap razors . each one lasts shaves with one day's facial hair growth in between .
eh , it was okay . i thought he has written other books that are much better , but this one was alright .
body' are littie small and sleeves are too long , so i cut and sawing . now it's good fit , i'm cm , kg .
an ok album
itmis some littlehowever , my other lithle daughter loves itshe was waiting for the toll since last weekit is ok
kinda drags on .
the bottle itself is fine , but the spring piece to hold it on the cage is almost worthless .
needed this for school so it did the trick . the book is okay but a bit basic .
it was old and not very helpful . the sweaters will definitely require restyling and definitely better color choices and patterns .
definitely worth a watch if you have a couple of hours to burn . it's mixed with french subtitles and english .
they were not bad for the price but just too small so i ended up returning them .
great book , very short though and predictable . allison brennan is one of my favorites . notorious was much better for sure !
more of a dark grass green than a lime green . disappointing since my wedding colors are most definitely lime green .
i bought these for christmas gifts they are cheaply made and tarnish easily . they are cute but i wouldn't recommend .
no verizon fios provider listed so only have limited number of shows episodes , otherwise it si a great app for kids
a little small overall but i do like it and shouldbe able to wear it anyways .
plods along , haven't finished it yet , i read something else and come back to it . i'll finnish it someday .
having grown up near the yaak , i found the names and places memorable . just a fun story , enjoyed the read
ordered it simply because my hot air balloon was on the cover .
pros it is bright . it can provide strong flows . cons too loud .
i really don't care for this hair piece because the hair itself gets tangled very easily and it kinda thin .
quality wise is okay but i ordered it for my nikon mm lens and its diameter is way to big .
a bit cheap , but you get what you pay for
i realized that this book was used but i should have been informed that there were many pink highlighted pages
lots of kissing and shooting , far fetched , some humor , lots of places to get' up and take a kitchen break .
this is a realy good cd but i think that thid band will mainstream out wich realy sucks .
i am not too happy with the tablet but the company that sold it was awesome in making things right !
top is too small . order two size up .
a lot more spongy than most of the beauty blender copy cats . but still does not compare unfortunately .
i havent bought it yet but yea please make it free cause i mean u can just go on coolmath . com
whoops , i bought these for flounder and they're way too small . i these frog spear should have been a clue .
i got two at the same time and send to my friends as gift . i thought they were just ok .
works great !
too flimsy to stand upright on it's own . i expected that since it's so cheap ! but it could be useful !
great selection of pieces for any task . i would like to have a description of each piece for its use .
good charger that lasts about a month . lesson learned , never buy an item because its your favorite , buy for quality
hi , there is no mention in the product description of state taxes . did they leave this out this year ? good luck , roy
great price . average sound . a bit tinny
not one of her best , but a good read . very football focused , which isn't my thing . still well written though .
this is an ok seller , condition of books were fine , arrived later in date range , still a good transaction overall
good story line , from my hometown recognized the description of niagara falls . would read another of his books , when available
nice and light , but a little more firm than desired . otherwise a good pillow .
seen better . more images would have helped .
i like it but the colors aren't as vibrant as pictured and after a while it starts to show wear .
one of the legs was broken when we received . we were able to fix but not happy it was broken .
when reading this i often say duh i think it was written for teenage moms that aren't terribly bright .
item was defective and wouldn't play the second half of the move , but the vendor arranged for a return promptly .
they're ok . they are a little stiff so they're not the most comfortable . i probably wouldn't get them again .
colors are bright and detailed . the solar illumination could us some work . the lights two are dimmer than fireflys .
i ordered the size and received size . they fit great . so be careful you get what you ordered .
the show . should be good , but have to go through so much before i can read it . not happy happy
it was much thinner than i expected . i guess that's what you get for the price .
does the cd come with the book if i buy it i would like to know before buying it reply .
the sound quality is not that good unless the pod is very close to the transmitter . sound is scratchy .
light hearted with a good message and ending . it was also clean so it coupled be viewed as a family .
it looks nice but it is just a cover so there is no base . i wish there was a base .
stars , easy read that wasn't a waste of time . enjoyed the logic of his direction in life and politics .
it's a web based radio for the kindle fire . listen to radio stations from around the us without an antenna
worked as advertised
good beach read . easy to read interesting enough to keep you coming back .
i enjoyed this collection . it was a pleasant light read . i liked the tie i in from story to story .
cause i love it so that's why thanks for asking it's a great show . watch it some time soon lol
if you like atreyu , you'll like this album . it is not the best work overall but it doesn't disappoint either .
it is ok not great but ok . wish you could get more hints for free . other than that it is good .
won't be buying again . i wanted something comfy and inside is as hard as a rock . wont be buying again .
my product was broken but i was able to repair it the flame from the candle was broken off fast delivery though !
super cute and comfy . unfortunately one of the inner soles in a little off but that can be easily remedied .
one summer was a nice love story for a change of pace from the usual baldacci books . very easy read .
uninspired prose , formulaic plotline , predictable . not awful , but short of good .
it is a bit shallow , the story gives far too many coincidences very unlikly to happen in the real life .
has potential to be greater than it really is . but its worth a watch , but i wouldn't buy it . .
looks good . very thin material . be careful about price can be purchased for less elsewhere sometimes . again , looks good .
this racket is too light and broke easily .
overall this is a good case , but it didn't come with a screen protector like i thought that it would .
there are some problems with the bluetooth connection . keyboard lags when typing . have to unplug and plug usb back in
dan brown started to right more about the historic events a leading you through the novel as a touristic guide
this movie has a great cast but the storyline just wasn't that great . for me it was a disappointing move .
i also bought the version which uses paper filters which is superior in taste and handling . go for that one .
it's kind of cutsie , but not particularly full of insight . just some observations most any dog owner would make .
pros usb function worked as advertised . drives are supported by microsoft f install . cons drives are mitsumi , not teac . reccomended yes
it's an ok read . kind of see through . he has written better novels . just ok .
this story was okay , but i felt alot of the storyline was too short and other parts were to long .
ran fine in macbook . one of two sticks failed in a month . replaced under warranty .
the app is very accurate about the weather , but i think there could be a few improvement to the app .
not too shabby . i plan on reading the next . not the best i've read and not the worst one either .
the trouser sock are cute and i like the texture and design , but they tightened me up in the knees
wish it was just the powder still , instead of the individual packages . still price was better then in the store .
neither better nor worse than expected . would like a small carafe instead of the mug . mug drips some but ok
good quality , but not the right color for me .
not a bad bluetooth adapter at all . works pretty good and has a decent transmission range .
this movie did not catch my attention as much as the last scary movies did .
i bought this for my , and year old to try , but they are not really into it .
it's too big for my neck and also i wish it wasn't sooo stretchy like i wish it was tighter
the book was great quality and was exactly what i needed . it is getting the job done .
was required reading in high school in the 's and decided to read it again . should be required reading today .
works great but removal tray piece is unnecessary it falls out during assembly . two full baskets would be better . ok ?
nice book , informative . lots of tips
they were good , but really just looking for facial emojis , which it has , but also contains a bunch of useless emojis .
though we'll written this was not exactly my cup of tea . the main characters were too narrowly drawn and displayed .
i like luna bars better but i could not find them in your system ! make it easier to find things !
i don't think these are any tougher than any other stuffed toy . not worth the extra price
it's a good game but every time you get in checkmate it says stalemate instead . it is also very difficult
it's funny and i like the twist but it is not super tight as a heist film . still , fun overall .
these are great for the price . the frame is a good quality wood but has plexi instead real glass !
not for the faint hearted strong language and street sexual tones . the whole album is basically a tribute to oral sex
i like the product but it is pricey . saw the similar product in a grocery store for much much less .
as most of the records by willie waylon . is well wourth each cent of the cost . i like it .
unnecessary vulgarity
was not my favorite book . just could not keep my interest . it was slow reading and was a little boring
easy summer read .
a good game to keep your skills moving . was hard at first but now i have the hang of it .
this was really good book i enjoy reading all the drama in this book and its a lot of it
compared to the other books in the series , i found this one to be anti climatic , short , and uneventful .
the shoes fit true to size and comfortable . the upper part is not leather it has the fabric texture .
on the web site the color blue was cool , but , the product was really tourquoise . they are okay . deda jacobsen
a disappointment . not her best and didn't bother to finish it . it is time for her to open the stories .
the basket scoop is too small . if it were twice as big this would be a great product .
this book was pretty perdictable and the characters were all close to the same and it had too many characters .
wipes case with unusual and nice . handpicked too good to use , i love it . wear on the stroller even think
once again another app i thought i'd use right awayi am sure it works as decribedthanks for the free app
i felt it was a little dragged out . there was not enough of a storyline , light reading with typical ending .
very cute case . doesn't do much for protecting and is kinda tough to get on and off . otherwise happy
this movie is really enjoyable . children will definitely love this movie . it is fully entertaining and a family movie .
very easy for a dog to tear apart , is cute and everything but it should be made with tougher materials
it doesn't answer many questions about scanning and attachments to email .
awkward shape with very square shoulders . looks awful on a an hourglass figure .
it does not fit on my headboard , so it is kind of a pain because it slips off occasionally .
all of the snap rings are good to go , but the kit did not have any inside diameter snap rings
did not receive the proper color but my daughter liked the blue color so we kept it
most of it was spilled before i got it . paid full price and only got half the product . not satisfied !
ok i like the price it beats every one else on here they fit on my jeep grand ty
the touch screen would be better for pc and older game styles rock . this is not hard to get used too ,
i got this today and it came with a ripped part in the end where the line is . not really good .
great buget . a lot useless brushes . the hair bristles fall out a lot when applying makeup .
can't play it without the game pad , so i could't play it yet .
now i can be just like that guy on the tv show 'man vs . wild' . don't leave home without one .
but now as bad as some of his previous solo work .
if i ever go back to teaching piano lessons or organ lessons , it will be nice to use this product .
i liked this because i'm a liberal also because it showed the inner workings with no frills . a good read .
i am not using this for my upcoming course because it doesn't have any exercises . keeping it as a reference .
really nothing but kinda like it hus news more fun in it . i'm not goin stop playing becausebjus a gamw
this book gives a very dry , basic description of st . teresa's life a smattering of her thoughts and prayers .
i didn't notice much of a difference in my dishwasher after using this product . probably would not purchase it again .
the charters were well written , story predictable but enjoyable . good vacation or beach book ! you don't have to concentrate much .
i expected this to larger . oh well , i know of a younger person who will enjoy this . thank you much .
they are almost too short as well
as far as size , it was bigger than i expected . and i thought it would be a little heavier material .
they are ok . every th one or so didn't work . lame ! but , you pay for what you get , i suppose .
didn't fit like advertised
this book did not have the information i was looking for or presentedin a way that answered my concerns .
easy patterns , some simple , some a little more involved . good instructions . good for beginners .
its an okay game . its pretty boring and i'd rather play draw something or something else . bla bla blab . filling space .
diamonds do not show like the picture shows does catch the light . color much paler than picture .
enjoyed the setting in montana and the surprise of sheriff and daughter with the surprise ending . a deeply family drama .
the subtitles were awful in this version . the version on drama fever was way way better .
cheap , plastic parts . you are better off getting a soda stream from costco , sturdier and comes with extra carbonating bottles !
it broke too cheap wouldn't buy another one not happy with this product should have lasted much longernot happy
i thought they were bigger than they are . for me it is just too small . would prefer a bigger one
it loses its charge relatively quick . i think it may have messed up the performance of my pc as well
works great but has a flashing light so can not be used in a lights out situation
gun sits to high for my comfort . sent it back but some guys might want this type of placement . just saying .
good read seems to be well researched and covers a period of japanese history not know to most westerners .
supposed to create circulation of whatever is claimed . can't tell , may work but best socks for my feet are thorlo .
we rented this movie because it was a cage movie . not interested in watching it again .
i loved the twist at the end . really did not see that on coming . ready to read the next book .
a little tight and very heavy . have worn them for six months . very high quality
i thought this looks great but is too thick making the switch recessed in it making it not look right .
i love it . i have been wearing it almost daily since buying it . i do , however , think it is overpriced .
very usefull but not what i need . good condition . you can make more promotion . it was not to clear .
particle board , decent finish . for . it is a good value . good instuction book on assembly . no mistakes solid when done .
covers do not stay on very well . colors are nice and case has nice soft feel . good for kids though .
it helps but i need help with level if anyone could help that would be greatthank you . wee
i used google search board for a bit but just found it easier to use thegoogle search unlockerfor my kindle .
looks good , and feels good , but that's about it . don't expect to much quality and durability from this one .
this was okay , but the kickstand broke so that kinda sucked . otherwise it was an okay case . probably wouldn't recommend .
this book was disappointing to this huge kinsey milhone fan . early kinsey stories are spotty autobiographical ones are interesting .
good stuff
i cant say anything bad but my months has no interst in it at all !
ok
cool case i like it very much , was cheap and i like how it protects my phone , cool picture
these are kind of uncomfortable in the hip crotch areas and should probably only be worn for one time use situations .
the picture format was not good , the clarity of the movie was poor . it is a great musical , my favorite ,
hints on where to go next when you get stuck would help . the graphics are not real clear , but recognizable .
i do admit it tastes delicious but i'm second guessing on whether or not its worth it . i mean c'mon .
sodas do retain carbination for a few days . great for the family that can't gulp down oz at one setting
first off , they're not cotton as advertised but they fit alright and are comfortable and the colors are fine
i prefer a thicker paper when making a crutch but the booklet style is extra handy ! take it easy dawg !
this is a good filter , but i haven't noticed much difference between pictures taken with this and my uv filter .
strange book , had some promise but it was almost like the author had a time limit so it felt rushed
very pretty but on the small side
could have a little more variety and maybe some background music . similar to guess song quiz . good game
something i can wear to a beach pool party . the colors are very nice . material is not all that great .
batteries are here . and here .
i purchased this product for my niece and she lives it . the greatest inexpensive gift i could have gotten her .
tought it was a hard cover ? but nevertheless i am happy with it . fits my motorola mini just fine thanks
not was i expected
i do enjoy this game . it is quite easy to play and fun , but a little slow . could be improved
has more items not related to the a c work i do . but it was a help having it . needs help !
kind of disappointing exciting beginning and middle and then tapered off to unbelievable .
cute shoe . but it does gap a little at the ankle . i'm not sure if its part of the design
it is a unisex single sized band but it is pretty small . though the material is nice for the price .
the size was way too big did not fit right but is water proof so still a very good buy
its ok , not the greatest quality had to fix a zipper immediately but you get what you pay for sometimes
die does not cut out individual letters as cleanly as i think it should . some are hard to get out .
some good some bad doesn't do the jobi need it to do
this is another app . that i had to delete from our kindle fire because it is not what i wanted .
got the item on time . it wasn't quite the best quality , but it still works . glad i purchased it though
just could not get used of having this product .
nothing new here . the stories were pretty typical . it was only a dollar so it was certainly worth that much .
not as represted only has led rather than but will work for my application
i bought these just to match sweater i wouldn't wear everyday ! wouldn't order for teens won't last . not bad
it was okay time waster but not wort wasting more than a few bored hours blab blab blab blab boring
awesome case . it was spacious and fits everything you need perfectly . but unfortunately , it had a really strong , weird smell .
the item is nice . the item felt flimsy . i would recommend this item to a couple of people but not many .
the game is a little hard to play . cant move and accomplish many levelsgame needs to have more understandable instructions
wonderful performances by phoenix and wither spoon script a little hackneyed good date movie johnny cash lives on
netflix is the right price but it's difficult to find movies . they seem to miss the big box office titles
it would have been a decent product if it actually came with instructions . i would recommend more research before buying .
looks great but the battery only lasts two days !
i had to return these because the sizing was not accurate . it didn't come close to fitting my daughter .
but the meditation pack of dane spotts is more successful with me . the mozart thing ain't what i expected .
pr aacute ctico pero elemental . buena gu iacute a para auto ayuda y proceso de aprendizaje . falt oacute incluir algunos t oacute picos adicionales . para iniciados es bueno .
these are about half the size of normal incense . no sticks . its made in hong kong and it smells ok .
glad i ordered next size larger . they still are a bit snug . but they are made in china . enough said
this product smear the nail art ! i prefer the sally hansen product the quality of the product is much better .
cute monster headaching puzzle a fun game for all you puzzle fans . i am not joking about this .
doesn't match whit my camera but is ok
logo is pretty cool but keychain will not take daily abuse . it is not made out of very good metal .
this is not quite what i was looking for in a meditation book . i need to give it more time .
i ordered this battery for my brothers camera and it worked perfectly . it got here pretty fast .
jacky all pew all khz all ha flip d ell is ell once dbm old dbm indic isobel o'clock he'll
it's fine .
overall the book was a decent read . pretty boring at times but it provides you with some pretty stunning facts .
they fit like an adult pair of leggings is suppose to fit . the color is rather bright . very warm though .
the seams of this shirt did not line up .
i liked but it was an ok book i liked the idea that this was a great book hi hi
the book has useful information but is limited in descriptions to determine a more informed travel itinerary for my purposes .
faithful reproduction of the iconic tardis sound . sounds exactly like you expect . wish it were a bit higher quality , though .
i finally found shampoo brushes after decades without them . they work , but the bristles aren't stiff enough for my liking .
very artistic and pleasing to the eyes .
it's a little wierd for my taste , but it did keep my interest and i was surprised by the ending .
too dark for my liking . does not flow at times hanging endings but at least it had a proper ending .
look cool but absolutely no padding , it feels like walking on hard plastic , for the price i expected much more !
it just doesn't seem like the killers put a lot of effort into this album . it's very slow and boring .
i am young years old my mom got this at my request . i just like the chorus . enjoy it .
it was ok , but smaller than expected . would prefer to buy one that is the same size as the original .
not bad . interesting plot . could have been taken into deeper directions though . with more around heroines and hero's families details .
funny , but not like you'd expect from these guys . could have been soo much better . oh well , it was fine
seems i needed more than the bottle said . will keep using longer hopefully i will save my new sod lawn
. i forgot the taxes from u . s . and i paid a lot whatever . the product is good so i'm happy
a bit slow . but shes young ! ready for more . well on our way to a great adventure ! i'm in .
not what i expected from ea . to say they charge so much for this app its so cheap looking .
can't say much since i just start using it
but needed to add major spice to this to make it palatable . once we did that , it was pretty good .
very few designs for data sheets did not cover a lot of variations in data collection for various behaviors
not very sturdy . needs to be against something to help hold it up . for the money probably not worth it .
a fine reference book when you're stuck for words . recommended to me by a friend and he was not wrong .
recommend fit as expected nice shoe son like . did shrink when put in washer .
there should be a sizing chart so you don't have to go through the trouble of ordering and being disappointed .
there was too much profanity for this to be a family movie other than that , the story was good .
does not amplify voices but it does play cd's . so , if you only need a cd player , this is it !
its ok . the rubber small stops fell off . but still does the job . fan not loud . so ok for price .
the insides of the cap were showing and sticking out around the sides and back . i want my money back .
the skirt was ok , but it didn't fit me . the size large was really small , not even medium .
i really though i odered bare minerals . my mistake . it's not bad makeup just not what i thought it was .
i enjoyed the book , just not as much as t he last two in the series . good sci go battle scenes .
. if 'ryan from ct' had spelled stupor correctly it may have given more credence to his review of this book !
it's hard finding the right quality wallet that will fit my contents . i will choose better next time . good luck !
great idea but the screen looks too dark and if ware even reading glasses good luck using them
just started so it's hard to give an accurate review at this time . controlls are intuitive and graphics are good !
despite being pretty and well made , those shoes hurt my heel . i would recommend it only for people with skinny feet .
the microphone cord needs to be longer . he hasn't really played with it much , maybe he will in the future .
it doesn't close as tight as i would like . it is very cute . the little tray is a nice touch too .
this product makes your nails hard , but it's not a thick gel type consistency . get it if you want
these speakers are just ok for traveling . don't expect great things from these small speakers . the quality is so so .
it is ok . you can shave with it , but i wouldn't recommend it . next time i am ordering another brand .
good value for the price . does the trick . angle is a bit weird , but otherwise it's good . i feel better
the game is so so . things always change around . wish i could zoom in more . overall it's a fun game .
it was interesting to see how the effects were done , but overall it was kind of crummy . too bad though .
brand new scissors should have been sharper . my dog thinners are sharper than these . don't waste your money on these .
didn't think it was one of his better books . i didn't enjoy it as much as some of his others .
this one looks like has different info about stretches than the first edition , but i like that first edition better .
not a great game just ok , but seriously and ad after each level ? ! ? ! ?
was bigger than my other pair of the same brand and style . i'll keep them though because of the price .
ok
just a rehash of the same old thing . maybe , stars are to many . i would not recommend it . thanks
ok if you got nothing else to do . it just sorta plays out and nothing good or great about it . happens
it's ok i guess
stupid yet addictive ! i wish i would have thought of it ! since it was free , how can you go wrong ?
great junk cleat . would not buy them again though .
it is ok . stars . i didnt feel like i wasted my money . but it wouldnt be my first choice . thanks
looks like the picture . just be careful of which size you choose , because it will shrink after you wash it .
i telt it only surface the subject but i'm still new to kundalini yoga . six five four three two one !
i cook with gas and the handle caught on fire when i first used it . but it serves its purpose .
didn't rec'v extra refill darts pack ordered extra refill pack of darts and couldn't deliver to same address ? why is this ?
it was smaller then expected but it came on time it was a gift for xmas for a young adult .
excellent ! i would recommend this book to anyone who needs a demonstration of god's grace . this was a good read .
it looks better in the picture . the one screw you need to anchor it to your wall is not included .
most of beads i was looking for my sis christmas bracelet . nice and shiney and looks lile good quality beads
just used once , for my son wedding , very usefull
is ok look at it at times . ddn't hold my atteniton that much . or that well . but is good .
fun game but dedicating my time to more important things .
it fell apart the first time i put it on . good price but glue is not very good . needs improvements
installation was tricky and could not remove bubbles
still getting used to how everything works . have not had it long as i was away
not cliffhanger level and at times boring but i am left wondering what will happen long term .
it's like regular jerky , but gross and slimy and four times the price . you draw your own conclusions about it .
i got this book for my daughter who is a really book addict , she loved it , and it came well packed
great sound but does not last as long as they say it does
it is not comfortable and it is a challenge to work around the issues . this does not work for me
bought it but it didn't fit right had to make a lot of holes in order to plugged it un
it is still strong even though the label is medium . the second round of coffee is good for me .
i thought this would work better than what it does . it kept falling over and doesn't really magnify that much .
this beautiful pin was smaller than i expected . i should have checked the size before i order it . my fault .
not any better than other coffees i have purchased . i am sticking with my regular coffee . save your money people .
for it to be a cheap price , it works pretty good . i like it . no problems with it at all !
they were true to size just really cheap . but for pretty decent boots . not really for really cold weather .
i have arthritis in my fingers and found the filter release tab very difficult to use .
good for layering or for a cooler summer night . they seem to run a little small .
nice little kit . the clip holding it closed is not tight and it flips open . kjh jlkj lkj lkj kl
i love blake shelton , but there are too many twangy christmas songs . i think i will give this to goodwill .
scent does not last long , hrs or so .
rather good , but not interesting enough to keep me reading for long periods of time . the story line was okay .
a short medium story of an archeological dig . i'd say for rd graders . pictures aren't all that interestingbut okay too
good colors but not very pigmented . had to use a strong eye primer to get color to show
i used the black ear hook for days and it broke
cute book bur i was looking for an easy book for an esl kindergartner . this is a bit too difficult
colorful , nice size , but soooooo thin . disappointingto me , but my granddaughter loves it ! it was for herso there you go .
repetitive enough to almost drive you crazy . minutes of material stretched into mins for each episode . a a a
head fell off after one use . had to be reattached with a larger screw . the telescoping handle works well enough .
enjoyed it . was a nice romance that kept interest going . but not too sappy that was over done on the romance .
it is for a camper , which was not specified on description !
the legs are a litle long for me , leaving them a little loose and too tight at the crotch !
waste of time use zap a gap for instant more permanent result . need for subsequent applications makes for a frustrating experience .
small , lightweight , easy to use but does not put out big sound like it's pricier competitors .
this is a great book and i loved it . warriors series are always great books and i enjoy reading them .
make it easier it is too hard for me buddha jansen ended when dish she dish shave alden thanks shamans
unusual material still not convinced . not really what expected . it was for a gift but not sure will use it as such .
great little well , medium sized place for storing daily pills , etc , that you must keep with you at all times .
my daughter liked it , me not so much . too many small pieces that can get lost all over the house
very good action and romance movie . there is really good action , plus a little romance at the same time .
fun game . not the greatest , kind of tedious at times , but enjoyable . you do a lot of fetching and delivering objects .
disappointed with quality of material and workmanship would never have bought if i new the quality i am very disappointed
it was interesting on a purely local level . no further input or wording required . go away and don't disturb me
it wasn't quite what i was looking for , but nice to look through . although my newly married granddaughter enjoyed it .
like the pattern but it does stain you clothes . i had white t ship and turned into a redish tie die .
bad durability
it fun , kill time , lots to do , colorful graphics , recommend that you try itfun for child's all ages , it different
i am not a fan . this product is cheaply made and doesn't work well . it falls open as i'm walking
it was smaller than the picture shown , a little disappointed in the price after seeing the product that i purchased .
interesting , but didn't care for young folks attacking each other . otherwise , it was entertaining . it's worth watching at least once .
great for someone raising children , i just wish that there were some healthier recipes . it's all chicken tenders and such .
i was expecting a much bigger bag for that price tag . too small for a year old .
if you like the picture on the cover you will like what's inside the book . lol .
good but not what i wanted
it was a very short , simply written book an okay read , somewhat entertaining .
for the excellent service in dealing with me on that thanks to them either on the product is chinese industry
somewhat enjoyable reading . too short . anyone who enjoys romance should read this . three stars due to length of this book .
algenfish good album , but only for those who are even fan shirley manson , garbage , only so in my opinion
loose on the phone itself , comes off easily . it's kind of sticky , pocket lint and other stuff stick to it
a good science mag , but not really break through . i like popular science better . and popular mechanics better too . .
interesting story , but quite predictable . a quick read , however , it left me wanting more development of the characters and motivations .
it works . it has strength . it is great for anyone that needs to but can't or should not bend over .
i like car games but not this one . this one is kinda weird but cool i guess so goodbye folks
it would have been a lovely shoe , in fact it is , but too narrow around the front band .
enjoyed the story , but felt the writing was a little immature . more suited for a teen audience . it was okay .
good and easy to use , but usb port bent after little use . still works but with not very good contact
no where near as bright as description alleges . no adapter for disposable speculae as description states . flimsy on off switch . would not recommend .
too large and they squeak when you walk . they are comfortable and light and i loved the look of them .
maybe i'm used to the newer hard ceramic non stick coatings of late but i destroyed this after one use .
there nice boots for the price i paid . just a little small . i must return them . hope they have a larger size .
these are like miniature for a young teenager . the look decent , but i feel like the guy on star treck
i bought them to hold kilts . the springs on the clips could be stronger . it won't hold a heavy kilt .
somewhat instructive , but could be better . a bit more information would have been appreciated . can't think of any other comment .
difficult to close
it's okay , but nothing special . face cream better
pretty much what i excepted , although low grade paper quality and lacking imagery which would have enhanced the reader experience
not much info about them . pretty pics tho . gives you nice lighting and decorating ideas . nice coffee table book . enjoy
it took a long time to get there , but they finally came together in the end .
it makes good espresso . i use it everyday . i would reco mend this to any one . worth the money . a
these do work ok once you get them in place , but the overall design is a pain to install .
loved the color , but it was complicated to put on my shih tzu . returned .
i was disappointed in the quality of this hamper for the price . this wicker is very flimsy .
decent album but i have heard better . i would probably stick to buying single songs instead of the whole album .
i like a predictable storyline . cannot wait for the next one . cruel justice is the start of good reading series .
the ring is beautiful but it needed to be returned because it feels awkward on the back of the finger
not the best quality .
the activities were a little more simplistic that i expected but there were some new ideas
it's cowboys . they're always tough and macho and girl falls in love with them why these girls are so dumb
faithfully yours the forever time travel romance series , book to me it is so , so . its okay but not great .
i just didn't like how the story played out it just wasn't as good as the second season of angel .
the feathers fell off immediately , it was very small in size but it was cute before the feathers started falling off .
this product is ok . it is cute , but it does not really protect the phone it is just for looks .
i really don't used that mutch . so not much to say . but google always deliver as far searching goes
hard to navigate on a little kindle fire , hard to read . wish this was on facebook like farmville . is .
i didn't rate this stars . i never saw this movie . amazon's system must have screwed up . amazon's problem , they should fix .
it was for my wife . i don't think she was impressed that's the end of my story . la la la
not bad fora free game . my glitches every so often , but out side of that it's . not bad to play
the product is fine it is just bulkier than what i was expecting wanting . overall it is a pretty generic case .
i found this level good for household jobs such as hanging pictures , etc . for the cost it is worthwhile .
was impressed with the detail , it looks fine with my other charms but was a little disappointed with the size .
there are some odd recipes in here with ingredients that are very hard to find .
nice and cute ! however , this product runs small . i don't hava a huge head , but it is kind of tight !
in my opinion , not that much of a challenge . i'll continue to play probably , but would not call it addictive .
too small ,
it's ok i really not sure what else to say about it , it's a free app that kills time quickly
i like paranormal romance but this is one i won't follow up on , good elements but over all just ok .
fun , quick holiday reading . not super deep , a little bit cheesy . i wished for a bit more but cute idea .
it is a disappointment unfortunately . sorry to see such an ending for a long and successful serie ending this way .
i have tried this and it mainly a lot of old stuff but if you like this type try it .
a little too big for my note , but i made it work . other than that's it's ok . nothing special .
not my favorite ! it was a little to explicit for my liking . and the story jumped around randomly i thought
just short stories of hookers . a bit funny now and then if you are that way inclined . bla bla bla bla bla
felt like the writer changed during the middle of the book . a bit disjointed and some character development was lacking
it is made of nice wood . the tongs are kind of difficult to use and do not grip that tight .
there are too many books with this same title , and this is not the one for which i was searching
too expensive here . check target .
nice looking design , compact . but it did not power my cooler , to weak . purchased a more powerful schumacher amp unit .
this shoes the color is very nice but the front is very small and i can not walk very well
the bird is too blocky . but its still a fun game ? i love when it poops its so cute . mhmmmmm
missing pages throughout book .
packaging in bad shape . item was of average quality .
got a little boring halfway through the book .
item had a small chip on it but still worked and can't really complain for the price .
it is ok but not set up to use handsfree verticaly but it does look good and i'll use it .
fits a bit large but good quality . i'm returning for smaller size . maybe different style but that depends on style .
not bad . had potential but was wasted as is usual when good ideas get turned into films .
it is a decent case for the price i paid . ishould have picked a different color that this pinkish one .
it had many insightful and memorable comments , but i didn't like the pace of the story much , nor its resolution .
i cannot give a review yet because i cannot download transactions from my gm capital card account . phillip o'neal taylor
good film .
the cycle of abuse continues . a look at the stark life of a child grown with abuse and neglect .
grandson liked it but it ran small
great read and ending to the story ! hard to put down because you want to know how it ends . heartfelt ending .
small seed i planted them but have not came out yet
tells the story that in itself is worth the money and the songs are from the movie which is good
lets me connect existing headset earpiece to newer smart phones have lg , apple , droid . not very expensive , so have multiple adaptors ,
its not useful its hard to use and not easy to use . thnk u soo much for it
i love the smell . i love the price however , it's not sudsy enough , so i won't buy this item again .
call me sometime when you got no class . this is classic rodney , one of his better movies in my book .
it's ok , but i keep forgetting to use mine , so it's something that i can't give an adequate rating on .
i know it's not super high end , and i guess it's okay for the price , but wouldn't buy these again .
am ashamed to say that i never got around to installing this so can only assume the product is adequate .
nice truck but the trailer hitch is all cheap plastic broke first day but other than that nice truckthough
the stone is not really attached firmly to its handle , as it came off the first time it was used .
am looking forward to listening to this cd . have not had an opportunity to do so at this time .
el contenido filos oacute fico y cient iacute fico es muy bueno , pero la producci oacute n del dvd es p eacute sima
for some reason i expected a relief poster . it is a flat steel plate covered with a painted vinyl print
the problem buying from internet is the size
they are good quality , but i have to remember that i am years old !
i would like to share my opinion , but i didn't receive the product yet . it's delayed .
hard to wear it on to ears since it is so small .
good book but its short , but full of hot steamy romance senses . great for people who enjoy m m f m type books
it worked very well , returned it because the the timer , which i purchased seperately used up battries way too quickly .
cute game , but very much like other games where you do something in a certain number of moves . not bad .
surprisingly smart for a scify from . campy silent film worth watching if you have the time . fairly good quality .
it's ok but i was a little disappointed not what i was expecting . i'm sure better movies are available .
it was the last film to complete my collection , but the quality was so low it was distracting while viewing .
problem is that my computer will not recognize this format on the cd . it was delivered as advertised .
product is good . could be better but with this price you won't get anything better .
slide channel can fill up with dirt and clog the mechanics . holds a good size no play in the mouth .
wasn't very well written , great story though . fascinating to read how the seals work . very exciting . hard to put down .
good for some laughs , the heat is better . need a few more words here for amazon . one to three four
a little disappointed in the quality . the construction seemed to be a little off didn't hang evenly and appears crooked
great volume , clear , and easy to use pair . kept losing connection with my brand new motorola motox phone . returned it .
it working well . just as advertised . don't really know what else to say . i would get another one for sure .
nice photo album . i choose the blue album in my order but they send me instead white .
price is excellent but would like warmer suitgood conservative desigh can work for everyday . light weight , portable , packs small .
good character development bot some of the subplots a little trite . a nice book for relaxation that's not terribly taxing
love the color and the durability . but the keyboard is hard to use and should be detachable for easier use .
for safety reasons , i wish the platform had circular recesses to keep the candles from sliding around or tipping over .
i thought this would be a more solid drum , but its cheaply made but will do for all intensive purposes .
most functions work fine , but the night light is not bright enough to read anything at night
no noticeable health improvement with the encapsulated powder . other family member are of the same opinion . would not buy it again .
it was a good book , just not what i was looking for . not enough of the romance part for me .
overpriced product for a overpriced product quality for the price is ok , i'm not impressed with davis at all period
looks great . worked ok but the top burner stopped working in less than years .
i had high hopes for this series , but it did not meet expectation . the script leaves much to be desired .
only one level to play and then you either buy the game or start the same game over . it's ok
small little bites were okay and the individual packages were great for portion control , but taste was a bland chocolate
there was no option given to listen to small sample of the song . it was not the version i needed .
the knife itself feels well made and durable . looks good . unfortunately , the blade came out of the box really dull .
product arrived on time but only of the four chargers worked properly .
the movie is good i didn't like the end . nice interpretation by jonny depp . the story is just fine . by
this is the rd one i bought i like the product but it breaks ! not strong enough for me
a very good machine but surprisingly a bit slow . the features are fascinating and the replacement inkare quite reasonable .
pro fast cpu and gpu run cool good build qualitycons screen no ips bad view angle battery life sux heavy and thick
in very small spaces . don't expect it to heat up your entire room though .
i have the first one and thought this one would be pretty cool to . i would def recommend this game .
inquiry only at this point in time .
item installed ok the first time . found the software to be buggy . software did not install ok the second time .
this was good presentation , but limited its scope to typical firehouses . no architectural feat here .
broke some of the thinner tabs off within a week , does its job protecting from scratches though .
it stretches . i had to put holes in the belt twice . i wouldn't purchase or recommend it to anyone else .
it was not as good as i thought it was going to be , but still enjoyable . characters were a blast !
it was too large for my desires . no zip security . no liner . i was not too impressed with the construction .
i think it is ok . but my x still better then the x . i only use it as a back up
i like it . its ok but the compression feels a little loose in some parts and too tight in others .
i love sparkles and this is really good . just wish it didn't go all over the place when sparying on
the pump is terrible ! it took forever to blow the ball up . so far all else has met my needs !
goof
i liked the book but needs , the reader to enjoy its value my fault i did not order the reader .
i really didn't understand why this clock was so small . i definitely overpaid because the quality is just not there .
i enjoyed reading it , but found it was too short . i am not sure why this story was so brief
i would expect more practical information and less 'positive filling' .
i have one already and the new one seems to be made cheap compared to the original one i have .
interesting story full of intrigue and mystery . set in venice in th century . nice details of clothing of that era .
a fine box of cd's and good recording , but not really my bag . for the price , give it a try .
the cd's of each episode are fuzzy and unclear . simon and simon are great . i love to watch their shows .
this works fine for heavy days . but not for really heavy days .
i think we can find a better measure , but this is good for smaller projects where less resin is needed .
didnt really care for the shirt . isnt really my taste also looked like it was different on the computer . eh !
but the size was too big for me i will try it with other size . but are beatiful and confortable ,
how can i review it when i haven't read it yet . there is no star for haven't read it yet ?
the story is quite interesting but the characters are not very well developed . i wii read more of the series .
first time opening the bag the ziper broke . fabric is fine , the entire back pack looks good , good size and
too short . very easy reading however i find murder she wrote books much more entertaining and more intriguing to read .
i felt that it wasn't as good as the first book . but it was a little funny at times .
did not fit the phone well
needed a gold earring to sleep in , even though if i had a girl i would have gave them away
it gets the job done , i suppose . nothing to write home about , just an average bullet , with a controller . ehh .
charger doesn't charge as quickly as the original that came with the phone
this gel i used on down in daisy but dries up after bit but when wet its very good feeling
i was not completely satified because i did not expect there to be highlighting through out the entire book .
it fits perfect but it has a bad plastic smell that hopefully should wear out in a couple of weeks .
if your a zombie flick fan this is likely the weakest in the series however worth renting .
works pretty good , no problems at all . would recommend if you're just looking for something to hold your pants up .
there are better bells out there that provide a double ring and are louder . i do like the swivel ringer
entertaining . it lacks excitement , but is still difficult to put down .
the claudine music is fantastic ! the pipe dreams music score is like the movie production in the 's a dud .
i ordered what i wantedit had what i wantedit met my expectationsit was easy to set up
i like the shoes but one has developed an irritating squeak . slow break in compared to other adidas i've worn .
bought this for a treasure hunt party for kids and they really loved it ! really cute but not terrific chocolate .
need to standardize bolt hole location .
it keeps the cane upright most of the time . and it doesn't mark the floor . meet my needs before surgery .
spritely piano , capable guitar , impressive mandolin and gorgeous pipes make this a very beautiful , soothing addition to a christmas collection .
you would have to ask my son . he seemed to like it . easy to do use if that counts for something .
bit tech but a overal good read on train more reference will be good enjoyed the read will rec ommend
battery doesn't stay charged for any length of time . i have to use the electric line to play a game .
the steering icon did not appear on the screen for controlling the direction of the plane .
i have other years of wow and loved them ! but this one was just not my favorite at all .
its good . i like it . its a fun game . i would consider this for people that like games . good bye .
still trying to figure it out to work fully !
wears a little long wished the the legs did not hit mid calf . but will taylor to fit .
easy read . seemed to take a long time to resolve . i did not find the characters particularly interesting .
i enjoy the velcro and the color on this patch . very cool . i love the size the most tho . thanks
pretty good something to watch while other shows are out of season . it has interesting plots with good character development .
this is a x lens that in some light conditions reflects the internal lens system in the picture .
for some reason this battery does not hold charge for as long as the one that came with the phone .
besides the fact that its a true crime book and the story is horrid , i found it hard to read .
interesting story . enjoyed it and the gaelic town and street names .
it was a cute , fun read . it provides some backstory on bones , but doesn't really push the plot line forward .
i bought the white one . it's good but the true thing are little bit bulky than the picture image .
does not work well on some tables . xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx
harder than i thought it would be but still a fun game . it is a challenge but worth your time .
doesn't really charge magnet part disconnects too easily . don't really like it thought it would be better but really isn't .
not the best quality for the price . other prooducts like this have been made of heavier fabrics and sturdier waistbands .
i bought an extra large for my inch waist and find them a bit tight . four more words required
it's okay , but is all plastic , it don't have no leather
these are so light they blow around in the wind and rip but for no action drape they are fine
this is ok for basic information , if you are wanting to build your own ar . definitely helpful , but not complete .
this movie was okay but i was expecting a better experience than what i got but it was still enjoyable
i had ordered the coppola keratin infusion . ounce and when i received the product it was not from coppola .
found it confusing and rambling . probably need to watch again sometime . i did like the creativity of the airplane etc .
not very sharp .
this product is just ok . i wish the power button was on the side or back . my daughter loves it .
story line was a little too far fetched . i didn't have to keep reminding myself that i was reading fiction .
comodo
the photo shows a black and red product . mine was puke green . terrible color . the lighting and magnification are fine .
haven't use them yet , but seem effective .
quiet small and manageable , colous ok , product and material was a bit dull , but i loved it anyway , happy with it ! i love amazon , thank u !
started out kinda slow but improved . was a little confusing but good . different than most books i read . i would recommend it .
this is in a disc shape . cool graphic but not ball shape , which i wanted . more words required . done
made hair soft ! love the creamy texture but it did not help with frizz . i have naturally frizzy hair .
they don't hold a charge as long as was stated .
i think the book should have questions at the end of the chapters .
had a quality issue but a refund was quickly issued .
book is pretty vulgar and offensive but basically satisfied my curiosity about what i totally was ignorant of since birth !
i would like to have one made of glass not plastic , i think it would be more easy to clean .
price could have been better
her mother said she liked it and that is all that matters . don't know much about the line of products
shirt runs a bit small . buy a size up .
she love the shirt cool ittem to sell and to have power rangers are the best tv show ever made .
it at good produt but some times don't wort the way i want i wish they do sonthing more better
i was disappointed in this book . the way it was written , it was difficult to follow and hold my interest .
what can you expect from a picture book on bad tattoos . lots of pictures of bad tattoos . from cover to cover .
i loved the cartoon , package arrived a little late , new dvd unfortunately the quality was not what i was expecting .
you must be consistent with this product . had a little luck .
they are ok
found almost the same thing at the dollar store . not the dollar general , but the dollar tree ! not that great .
too big for my inch tablet , i suppose it is made to fit other tablet sizes , but it's okay
it's cute but made out of poor material . it didn't last me as long as i would've liked them too .
too much humanism personal philosophy and repeated formula harlequin romance style read one read them all too predictable story line
it's a clever way to pass some time .
the patch looks good but it's smaller than i thought it would be and thevelcro part is not evenly made .
this was a very good book , if you want to learn about politics in nevada .
it came to me alittle beat up , the plastic screen was detached and a few of the little latches broken .
aerosmith's quot get your wings quot was a success , among many people questioned aerlier . it's okay .
it was funny and entertaining
my twins loved it they found him funny and cute i well dads are boring according to them oh well
too big for my conure . i'll use it with the gofin . too big for the cage too . really too heavy
i'm nearly pages in and have yet to print a page without blotches on the side . , to go !
the wrinkle cream is ok but it's heavy . i prefer the pro x hydra firming cream which is lighter in weight .
it's good but the back is suuuper scratched now , but then again , it's plastic .
my son loves the mower . he mows every time his dad does , but it doesn't blow bubbles worth a darn .
sounded just ok , wish i would have spent a little more for better speakers
fun and challenging logo game . helps to work out your brain . i could get lost in this game all day .
yah , bad choice of buying this on the wii . pros motion control wii zappercons crappy graphics no local no co op zombies short campaign
was really truly looking forward to trying this set of tables but it doesnt run on my generation of ps .
a bit wordy for my taste . also doesn't seem to resolve some of the critical issues he raises .
the neckline was really large , i am a seamstress so i took it in . the rest of the shirt fit nicely .
leather is nice . nothing special though . did not care for the upper zipper that enclosed just of the bag .
a typical book that describes church planting . i have read others that have been more exciting . it is easy reading .
kid seemed to really enjoy even though it came out when i was a kid . quality was good and fast .
great read as always . took you back in history . ladybug
cute shoe but runs small . the next size was not available so i missed out and ordered a different pair .
worked
plays with it occasionally .
good but takes a little while to download its a fun game my sister and brother both play it .
great guest book , simple and elegant but the one i received , the elastic string was about to break . good choice overall
the book was well written with many unexpected twists and turns . to was a good mystery with an object lesson .
it is a nice cd , but not the best of kronos quartet . i was expecting something very different .
not the best coverage , but very good for the price . i am impressed and will keep this for backup purposes .
not bad
use these every day at the office . hard to comment as after years you justtake it for granted . good stuff .
i usually wear a size . these run small . however the quality was nice and i did like the look .
i prefer the chocolate chips ones . these were just okay , nothing special .
hold insense sticks chain broke , but that's ok didn't like the chain anyway it is solid built , cheep too .
this book was captivating until the last pages or so . it just wrapped up far too neatly for me .
cute pendant , looks like a small piece of honey colored glass , but for the price , its a cute accessory .
it didn't much for my hair as i thought it would based upon other reviews . it's okay for the product
its a great piece of hw . i love that you can charge the controllers at the same time .
these pants are very light weight and after wearing for one day , the crotch and ass area got very wrinkled .
the product was just o . k . for the price paid . my kids seem to like it though .
seems to work fine , can't read the heart rate without the phone app .
too large .
it is awesome . works just as i wanted it too , and its protected my iphone at least times already .
made my puppy feel calmer
quick easy read , no complexity , some scenes out of sequence from the movie , would have liked more explanation and backstory
it was a good strory line , however i felt it should have been developed more .
this song is indeed in stereo however it's a substantially different version than the original . still a funny song though .
dresses looked good but could have been packaged better . otherwise , the dresses met my expectations and i would order again .
good game fun enjoy it very much just don't win as fast as i want to like it vere much
better then some , but in the end they are all pretty much the same . i will say it gets you brain thinking
the quality of the materials is fine , but the sizing is rather small for someone of a north american stature .
very lightsmallthin material . cheap over allif anyone uses this item frequently , it will be not very good choice to pick item .
this item seems good enough . not like original but will work . it has worked so far so no complaints here .
okay kind of a hassle when taking the cover on and off . a bit stiff but not a big problem . good
still need time . would like to use for at least two months
can't put a full size plant in thismade very cheaply
an intriguing storyline with twists and turns but not written at the level of a pulitzer prize .
the belt is not what i expected it is very hard and not the same as the picture's . eh eh
pole works ok , but does lean over as clothes are hung . am going to try adding support screws to sections .
haven't needed it yet so don't know how we'll it works or if it was worth it to purchase it .
i feel like the the questions are poorly worded and more mundane than previous versions .
chains are tin hangers are tin it will rust . should have said some parts are stainless steel not real impressed
boring , i didn't finish .
not very suitable for my bmw i , but still can be used after fixed
it kept me reading and wanting to know what would happen next ! i would read other books by this author !
this is a cute little book that has some good recipes ! it would make a great gift !
love the look of everything , very upset the first time i washed it , threads came loose and needed sewed already
just another bob dylan , with better music .
although i did like this book . i didn't like ending . the way it left me hanging really is a bummer .
just so so
these sheets don't fit our mattress well at all . the fitted sheet is very loose and is always bunched up .
i love this brand of dog food but the pups just didn't like this particular flavor .
it was nice but the product did not hold up well it began to fall apart after a few mo .
the electronic voice announcing the phone caller is very difficult to understand . i would notrecommend this phone to anyone .
muy bien los aud iacute fonos son originales solo que los cargadores tanto del auto y de la toma corriente son mini
the information in the book is nothing new . i was expecting more meal cooler plans to be in the book .
the tiles were great but the square adhesive tabs didn't hold the tiles on , they started falling off that day .
it's a good reading to pass my time while not doing anything . otherwise , not too crazy about it , just alright
it's okay
good book but has a heavy mildew odor which makes it hard to enjoy like it was not stored correctly
it's a good children movie how they survive getting through many struggles in a small town with a greedy mayor .
the only bad is that do not brings the lyrics , the rest if was wellit is a great lp
dissolves great , but the flavor is 'too beany' . i'll stick w the chocolate raspberry or cookies n creme !
so far so good . after i take it to the range i will revisit rating .
very nice she loves it . this is a good deal , i really like my ring too thanks so much thanks
lolila wish is my all time favorite fragrance . this was okay but not for me . i wouldn't buy it gain .
i like this vacuum's ability to pull in debris , however the brush attachment doesn't secure very firmly to the base .
this wrap is much thinner than i had expected but it does keep me warm and i like the color .
have not really gotten into the stories , as said , boring and cannot get back into the stories . will try again
it does not work as greatly as all the reviews i had read about it . needs more stencils and more directions .
i bought this as a spare helmet for an occasional passenger . it fits well , best usage for a moped scooter .
my plant died and i tried to do everything to save it . i will buy one locally . i am sorry this happened
good product . i thought it woul work with ipad dock . all it does is charge phone .
i am still trying to get through this and am having difficulty . not up to stephen king standards , i'm afraid .
the picture looks alot better then the product , its not a terrible item , but picture looks to be enlarged . th
it was cute and fit well , but it broke after about a month . still not too bad for the price
he is always a very entertaining read but as in the tipping point there isn't enough to justify pages .
ok
not a lot of stuff to do besides race and i think they need to make the rules clearer !
it broke but its fine . u can adjust the size which is cool . i wouldn't recommend buying this one though
kinda hard to find things just complicated but it works i guess sorta kinda s s s s ss s
this product is trash . it lasted days and now does nothing . don't waste your money .
cleaned out my pool water garden side of the watch too much of a headache to solve the problem goodbye
i am not sure about this game , haven't had time to find out how to play it all the way .
this is a 'beach read' . it does not inspire the reader to continue to the next story in the set .
i purcahsed two of these , and they both broke too quickly , but before they break , they do the job fine .
meh
used it all up , but didn't buy more . it didn't cover as well as i expected .
nice , would be good for the cell battery , but the cell battery does not fit well .
only came in sizes and the wrong size sent to me
product was great idea . but didn't hold much and broke to easily . worth the buy though , would get another one
it did not apply smoothly . it kept getting air bubbles trapped . i tried several times . otherwise , the protection is great .
i liked this book and the plot , it was a bit to short , but then i like long novels , thanks
it wasnt what i expected . it doesnt look bad on your ipod but doesnt look good either . its an okay case
it is fun , but after a bit it is more of the same .
not much to say about a xlr cable . it works . average quality . does the job . no problems . good price , came quickly through prime .
fun game but it does take a while to earn money . other than that it seems like an ok game
a christmas gift so i can't review other than they seemed to be well made and a nice fabric ?
i thought it was a good workout ! i would reccomend it . it gives you a variety of different moves ! great !
this one was ok the teenagers like these patterns and it did fit the iphones so it worked out well .
lots of characters but you quickly follow along . interesting how they meld together . not an award winner but very entertaining .
cant get enough , i can play this game every day and my little girl loves playing it to all day long
wasn't the color i expected . it's a muddy , mint color . definitely not the color that is in the picure unfortunately .
i don't consider it to be one of her best . i felt that it lacked some of her usual suspense .
meh heat seems to disappear way too fast . design is good hard to clean lid you need a bottle brush .
does a descent job but will probably go with a pocket holster design for my cc .
it was okay . not enough pow for me , though . i kept readin only to see if it would get better ! ? !
if you don't like reading don't get this movie . it was a good movie . sad but good .
can't get the table even , but it is usable . the locking pins are very stiff and hard to manage easily .
love to play on android tablet but s l o w on kindle .
the package that my pillow covers came out of said the size of these pillows , but they don't fit . unfit .
dont use it much has good sound quality though gets pretty loud
it was cute . it reminded me of my silly cats .
romantic tales . nice and light . quick read . nothing mind shattering .
service good . prompt . poor fit .
when i received this book it was much smaller than i thought for the price .
can i know that i didn't see it yet
will do the job but not as tight as i would have hoped . wish was tighter but is convenient .
very goodsuitable for light work out recommend it is also expected just like the picture
tape got stuck while playing it . after some fiddling it finally played the whole way through . not what i expected .
these are more like a potato chip than a cracker . they taste very garlic y . they hold up well in dips .
the way this is molded leaves my son whining about chafing . i wish the bottom wasnt hard , and more flexible .
not as good as the first one .
started using this item and it has a great fragrance . noticing some attention after using this for a few days .
ok . the directing was slap dash .
it was an ok book , but not that great . there was another like it that was a lot more helpfull .
this is one of the few volt led mr bulbs that are available . but lumens is not very bright .
they work well enough and are pretty comfortable . slightly annoyed that one came apart a few days after use though .
this nin release has very strong moments and the lyrics are excellent . i rate this just shy of ' 'stars
i think three of them worked . none worked very long . but that's something that should have been expected i suppose .
the mics work ok , but sometimes fade out unless your talking very close to themworks well for the kids
people say they're girly so i haven't wore them that much . but they're ok . they're ok and comfy . love taylor .
it's good , it tore easily .
i feel for chrisann and the invisible relationship relationship she had with steve , its a bit too deep for me .
the smell doesn't fill even a small room .
nice sight . set screws for mounting were too big for existing holes . had to have gun machined . easy to adjust .
the book was ok , but offered nothing to help me help my adhd husband .
the price a little bet too highjust the price am talking about no warranty on the product
much thinner material than i was expecting . i expected more for the money . would probably not buy this brand again .
good items plus price is affordable and looks that it will last for some timelooks to have good construction
great show , great script , intricately developed characters , . terrific acting , the bada boom lounge , what's there not to like ?
wish they were a better fit . does look good from a distance .
very short , very cute , decently made for the price . they just run quite tiny , size up at least one size .
the book changes your reference point from traditional thinking . the dynamic delivery drives change . can't get enough of rev . prince
i think i ready ! this knife helped prepare me for any outdoor adventure that may come my way . stay ready !
the rubber part of the case the color is coming off , other than that i like it . love the colors !
it wasn't exactly what i was looking for , but that was my fault . works just fine on my other computers .
i loved the short stories with kinsey , but the story of kit was not what i expected in the book .
story was good and interesting . but , there was a lot of time spent on details that were not really necessary
well made and heavy duty but they hurt my toes as the seperators are too thick . wish they were thinner .
unable to prove any of this advice works
picsart photo studio im sure its a great photo taker but it wont install , but try it anyway good luck !
it's okay . a little bit of gratuitous vulgarity , but if the writers mature a little , it could be pretty good .
entertaining . the type of movie which requires no thought .
the coloring is not as prominent as i would've liked it to be , its more of a dull , soft red .
way too long . no empathy for the characters well maybe the husband hard to come up with nine words about it .
thought i was getting this book free on amazon prime , i was charged . . not much book for bucks !
so far so good , it hold a charge for a while . not saying its like the original but its okay .
didn't cost much but not much to it either . don't know if it lasted a day . ok ok ok ok
continues to cheat you out of bonus points when your coin level gets too high and you loose your cushion .
it has a lot of the things needed for a small studio . very easy to assemble . nice set to start .
provides good protection . however , there is no access for the wire connecting the a c adapter .
this game was ok . i thought my daughters' would love it . gets a bit boring for them . not very exciting .
illuminating . of course , we knew of jenny jerome and others as famous , but the lesser title hunters were of interest .
the track pieces don't attach together very snugly , so it looks a bit tacky . but the cats like it ! word
i'm waiting for the full month to develop a full critique thus far , i like the look smell and feel .
does just what it suppose to do , carry handle stiff hard plastic fits my oz flask .
fades after a while car is in the sun months sticks fineand peels off just finefun little diy
ok .
the product comes with seven not eight pieces . soft and comfortable , very good feel when sleeping . need three more words .
i was expecting more , there didn't seen to be much happening in this story . definitely not a page turner for me
didn't fix my phone problem
i kinda like this , need to catch a few more episodes to really get into it more . i'll keep on .
i bought these years ago when i actually had a blackberry and they were great protection for the phone .
i am using a kindle to play this game on and the screen is small making it hard to see
the camera is good to use , but it is kind of old . however , it is acceptable .
it was ok
it's fun to challenge your agility with the slingshot . it's a good game to zone out with . will use it .
was not as funny as had hoped but the intro song made it worth it
this product fits the screen , doesn't glare , and doesn't show smudges very much . all in all , a very good purchase
pretty good story , kept my interest most of the time , had a fair amount of action and was thought provoking .
this dress runs super small . i bought the large based on the measurements . it also is not constructed that well .
but that's on me . haven't wore them yet , but they look good . a little pricie i thought .
so small .
quick delivery , a little loose but good deal . would buy a better one for a better protection from all the abuse .
ok , as a toy . not elegant enough for adult use . so far it works fine .
it had too much swearing and sex in it to let my tween read it but the story was good .
work ok , but still messy .
please update the listing info , image shows brown and green carpet , but which color is for sale ? is it random ? thanks
works ok . doesn't always stay on windows . fallen off a few times .
not the right music for dancing but this album has good interesting lyrics and beat .
its ok the first one was better .
i like the chain . the charm however seems a bit too cheesy and cheap looking . but i can rock it .
kids couldn't use it for more than cake
leave the the rubber band off the sleeves already boxed up . ruined about sleeves . the box served its purpose !
it takes about months to kick in ask me again n months and i can give u more
does not last as long as the oe battery . i have had it a while and is still working good .
i love the material . i love the look but it was made for a woman with much smaller breasts . sizing
easy to install and play . kids are able to enjoy as well . nice to have apps that are free thanks
nice book but a little thin for the price , expected more reading and pics . services were great .
definitely for the older user , bit slow for energetic over s
i had a bunch of money while raceing . and all of a sudden it took me off throw whole game .
this story was interesting , but not as tantalizing as some of her earlier works . it was a good , short read .
i have bmw i convertible and i get a headlight malfunction warning , every time i turn on the engine .
it's an okay song to perform to and easy to learn . i would recommend it if you like lil cease .
goodapp book to use for when you have to find fun and interesting apps that will interest you
they were smaller than i expected . i wanted them a bit larger . too small . that's all i have to say .
not completely dust . smallest pieces i've seen though . i have not even tried them yet . im sure they'll look great .
it had some helpful tips with the author's personal experiences . i would have preferred it to be a bit longer .
not the easiest to use like the older designs better .
works , but i'm getting a slight echo . this makes it difficult to hear the other person on the phone . ok .
funny and creative . good way to pass a couple hours . onion can be counted on for some original stuff . a .
these diapers tend to leak for my month old boy . i never had a problem with huggies .
not enough fire or passion . the hero isn't terribly believable . story kind of drags . not as good as i hoped .
i found the soundtrack to be great .
this was very informative . helpful info on your body how to live healthier . would definately recommend this .
it was ok but i loved the movies better . anything from twilight is good to watch or hear , yea yea
increased urinary flow however did not help with urgency
not bad movie wish more action def a twist in movie kept u guessing who did it and all .
so so , not the best , not the worst . i probably should have researched better
well , the boots r really ok , but i got size w instead of m ! they r nice and warm .
entertaining
i was disappointed in the book as a whole . not his better work , didn't like the storyline . pretty predictable ending .
the first two were better did not care for the endingbut do like the authors books will read others
well . it comes with casio watch . i didn't expect it to be a perfect bottle . it's aluminium , not stainless steel . and it's small .
not sure exactly what is going on yet but it is interesting . fun . don't want to stop playing . always something new .
dont recall this purchase x x x x x x xxxxx x x x x x x xxx x x
the fit of this bra is tight even with the strap adjustments . i would not purchase this particular style again .
chapters in the book explain concepts difficult to understand . need to look for more references in order to understand well .
hard to put on , and does not help as much as i would have hoped .
kid s who love dragons read thisi liked the story and illustrationsjust a fun read all around enjoy
worked however . the plastic ear wrap broke . twice .
nothing out of the ordinary here , so if you are a fan of dean koontz , you will enjoy the read .
a simple story in french , very useful for beginnersthe story uses simple words and was good for reading aloud
i will buy this used at half priced books if no kindle dicount for electronic version .
its a good game , however , when it updated itself it cleared all my progress . i had to start completely over .
love the colors its good for show . also i would order more of them . i highly recommend it any one
i purchased it to let our boys learning the didge to listen to it to see what can be achieved .
a fairly mundane look at congregational care . it was all the normal information nothing new here .
i enjoyed this movie . my boyfriend recommended it . it was worth watching . i got a very good deal on it !
my son love it , plays a great deal with his friends , but the board is not good .
the camera case could be a little larger . cords , plugs , adapters and such are a little cramped in this case .
they are really cute but too round for my face and the dg on the side pulls out my hair .
the family member who received this itemsaid it left a bit of residue afterwards .
she wore it once and never again . she said it too tight for her . she prefers loose fitting night shirts .
the pendant itself was nice . but the chain looks cheap . just my oponion . i thought i would look better than i saw online
its ok . nothing special , but nice to decorate your kids birthday party . nothing more to say about this l article
it comes with only gb . but other wise it is fine . good size . and works just fine . . .
this was a quick easy summer read . not terribly complex but it was well written and had some interesting twists .
rubber keyboard case easily stretched . i dont like it . the case is good though . rubberized feeling is good . its also tough
i just received this item and it is broken . it seems too heavy fora corelle item .
the corners and other spots are beat up and damaged . the desk will need to be touched up white paint .
it did not take away some of the symptoms of meno pause . i felt very blooded and constipated .
songs are clearly hank . i was just a little underwhelmed . not a bad album though . it is vintage hank songs .
i know that the glasses are suppose to be large but they were a little to big for my face .
while the flat flip flop version of this feels great , this wedge type flip flop falls short of expectations , in my opinion .
fine for what it is . i feed it to the dog so i'd prefer no salt . cancelled my auto order .
i was okay with the game . not okay with receiving a broken game case .
love the look and fit of this shoe , but the paper sole doesn't last long .
i thought it would be better for a crilley like what he has shown on his youttube its quite bummer
the wilson antenna provided a better signal response that the stick that came with the booster . installation wasn't bad . wow !
sorry , not up to your usual high standards . i appreciate and agree with your assessment of the situation in washington .
short but good read . typical romance novel . wish it involves more about horse's the end . read on jan third
this game is fun and makes you think long enough to be interesting but not so hard that it's frustrating .
good introduction to the artificial and biological functions but in places a bit hard to understand unnecessarily so , in my view .
well designed , inexpensive , and looks classy , but it smells horrible , no matter what i tried the smell wouldn't go away .
i wasn't that impressed . the structure was somewhat choppy for the kindle edition , and i didn't really find it that funny .
hard to find brown shades for socks . wish i could order larger ones . stores do not have short brown socks .
the middle of the back started rubbing off after weeks . its an okay case . it helps protect my phone
i like bejeweled better . it doesnt last long enough and i get frustrated when all the soaces are filled up .
it is ok
a science fiction storycould get boring . out of
be sure to keep the caps on at all times when not writing with them . they dry out within seconds .
fun short term product
the instructions are a little confusing
the story line was good , but the author could have left out the graphic sex which distracted from the story .
it is okay
very confusing and hard to follow . not a read again book ! will have to think about choosing this author again .
came with bent corners . good quality .
my daughter enjoyed reading this book . she didn't like the ending . will recommend this book for young readers to read .
not an easy movie to understand .
very small print
nothing fancy . daughter seems to like it . appears to fit american girl dolls well . overall happy with purchase and price .
this book didn't hold my attention very long , guess was ok , i don'y think i finished this book ok
couldn't tell a difference .
not bad
will not keep you warm during the winters in the northwest usa but it is cute . soft and great color .
the box says that it contains original diamonds but you can barely appreciate them . but i thinks it's for the price
this book didn't hold my interest the way most of john grisham's do . not up to his usual high standards .
like the convenience of a folding high chair , but it is a little difficult getting child's legs in the seat .
nice product . if i could adjust speedseems a bit too fast at times could cause dizzinessjust ok for that reason
has a lot of lint after first wash . but did seem fluffy once out of the dryer . nice colors yho
takes too long to level up . can't enjoy when large pay off is rare and bonuses does not pay enough .
here's a nice little band i never heard of . if you want some well played death grind , this cd's for you .
i received a different wallet case then the one shown . the one i received is similar to the one shown .
never had to use this .
the exclusive disney the little mermaid ariel musical necklace stop working one month after i gave it to my daughter .
petals looked more white than ivory
this cell is good for comunicate but low velocity data
the break apart charm was smaller and thinner than i had expected . very pretty , just not what i was looking for
good , but could be great . i hope it gets picked up for a season . i love the harry bosch series .
i thought the earrings would have more detail . the picture shows them with dark detail the earrings are just silver .
works well just a bit confusing in it's functions . figured it out , but it took a little time to understand .
made from very cheap material , i expect them to rip any minute
the chain broke within a week of having it . it's a nice necklace but i was disappointed with the item .
feels a little cheap , but fit my phone perfectly and kept my phone safe through all the drops and kicks
love the flavor , they don't upset my stomach but too expensive .
was a little disappointed . i did not think it was as good as some of her stephanie bond other books .
it was a quick read . not for the shy or weak . i don't like writing these at all . all done .
it made me cry so it had a good story with ryland and joclyn ! but the rest was just ok .
too many freezes
gave away
as a monopoly collector this one just didn't meet my expectations . not worth . glad i found it for .
it smells good , but doesn't have the effects as described . i would not recommend this product to anyone ! just think well !
but i don't like that i am having a hard time finding a headboard that i can use with this .
when it does work , it works great , and when it doesn't , it's an awful experience .
the concept of the book ended up being quite a bit more imaginative than the actual content that was presented
case fit great , design quality good . stylus cheap and broke first day . gave case away to a friend . so sad !
this was a gift and i have not heard whether the recipient was pleased with it .
not an all in one unless you buy the adapter , it is not included in the packagebuyer beware good luck
i ordered two of these , they work fairly well . i bought them to prevent water spray on my wooden siding .
great case so far just got it today but its matte and i dont like that but overall great case
el libro fue ameno , interesante y sobre todo la forma similar en que fueron conquistados , compar aacute ndolos con los aztecas . saludos
it's okay
hard to walk , the back of the shoe is high and i feel not on the earth . made in china .
great camera !
my daughter likes it but everything she wanted to do cost moneyto buy gems flowers and stuff to play games
title was different but story same as scouting with kit book ccould have been half pages a lot of repetition
was satified with the way it fit me , and the the lettering was good aswell . i will recommend if it
overall interesting story but i found it to be drawn out and too slow at times .
this is nice and of course i love the color . will use it when going to the pool this summer .
well lets start with its ok for my eight year old but not built with the best material or design .
i was so excited to receive the scroll but it arrived damaged . currently in the process of returning the item
actually i thought i was ordering the climate changer which i have and it fits good . cloud chaser fits small
the mats are very thin and i don't think they would withstand much laundering ! looks pretty when on though ! colorful !
the game is very fun . my child is happy with this game
not as well made as previous one's i've bought , but will do the job . so they are okay to use .
good item but collar part not tough enough . now broken and no battery . lasted a few weeks .
ran out of room on my tablet had to delete
anything by diana is nice but i prefer if she would not do another christmas cd .
a decent book , but it has all the same clich eacute s that you see in just about every single horror book .
a fun garden gnome , but arrived with a foot broken . it is very light and made of a fragile plaster .
its a great game , needs to be a little more challenging . its a fun game for the wife and i
product went on easy , but not as good as the original item , which had a year guarantee .
it's not granola . it's basically embellished corn flakes .
it searches under fashion but it's about fashions in literature the epic poem , the novel , the essay , etc . not clothing .
nice read . nothing new here , but still a fun read !
too minimal in padding for running at crossfit , good for weight lifting and pliometrics . good value at the sale price .
there's a mediterranian cookbook which is similar . need to try this to see how good the various food will taste .
it was not discontinued . i was in osaka and saw this dvd at a music store . it has discs .
at first it worked great , but now when the weather is bad outside , the reception isn't that great . i'm disappointed .
a very interesting book on paint and coating
the cover is made of plastic . it needs an expert to fix it . not easy to be done by anyone .
nice idea but feels cheap the wood is chipped in some places i expected a better quality for the price
although it certainly sucks up everything insight the noise level is beyond belief !
not certain about the effectiveness for rodents in our greenhouse but , at least it has not kept the lizards away .
silly , juvenile , no words to express my feelings of a literary beating . i sincerely hope i didn't pay for this book ! silly !
my daughter loves volume i of this series but was slightly dissapointed with the music in this volume .
i didn't find this mouse very useful , just too small . wireless would be much better as well .
ok , but like other microsoft products , such as vista , it's less intuitive than the previous version .
it started to get more interesting near the end , but failed to grab me . but , that may just be me .
not the best read , but easy and entertaining .
calculator was in a pretty good condition , no scatches but there were no batteries . other than that everything was good .
it'd ok , but the feature is not strong , and its price is a litle bit too high .
rambles at times . too many side stories .
pros no noticeable change in touch sensitivityprotects wellvery clear with minimal glarecons tricky to applyscratches easily
this bundle is a good deal , it makes you mp player even more portable and protected .
as i previously stated . called american baby . products should not be made in china . looked all over ad . this item is made in china
nice shirt , printing on back instead of front . i gave it to someone a little smaller . it fits him fine ,
great graphics . challenging and fun , but be aware that moving past what is initially offered costs money to move ahead .
it was a fun little read . . not too much of a story line but ok . good for a summer read .
this was great until the bottom popped out a year after use .
these shoes are just ok . nothing special as far as style and foot support . i would not buy adidas again .
family fun game , but maybe more fun for kids not for adults only . i'm sure kids would love this game .
not really so sure about this yet . will try to report more when i do .
run of the mill self help book
i got a double order that i did not want . no use sending it back , as credit is so iffy .
i ordered the coral and got the aqua blue ? i guess they don't read the orders when they get them .
nice for small hands
i liked it well enough when it worked ! but it just stopped working weeks ago . didn't even last months !
i was ent the wrong accidentally sent the wrong edition . i recieved the trilogy . please help rectify thisproblem please . thankyou
thought this was a nice mirror , not very big , but does the job , gives a clear , close image as described .
product was in perfect condition . shipping was a little slow but overall a good transaction . thank you so much !
good tool for the price . does not explain the code numbers . have not had a chance to use it much yet . great price .
nice radio but the receve breaks up on strong singals . cant seem to over come it . would not buy again .
returned these because the pinky was too tight . the finger holes are weird sizes and the gloves aren't really flexible .
tracks with kelly's vocals are superior . most have ivan singing lead , and they generally lack an edge .
not a need to add a half size bigger in these . i wish i would have known before .
they are comfortable , but maybe i expected too much because of the price . they seem durable , but we will see .
it would better if the power did not leak from the container and get all over my hands . ahmen , dammit
read it all but would not say it was exciting or a thoughts taking book . was glad to finish it .
great captivating hard to put down can't wait for the next book love this kinda story lots of actionlol
the pages are black and white . i have to color copy and laminate them . seems like a lot of work
this is not as warm as i thought it would be . that part was disappointing . other than that , it's fine .
c
it is very difficult to remove the air bubbles in the middle of the screen . otherwise , it just works fine .
i want more ! a quick , one hand read that left me begging for more . i wish i was haley . hmmm .
still figuring out how to swing in it . easy to install . comes in huge box which was a hit .
i wish all the songs were listed as to what was on thee album with that being said , . no . thank you
its ok but it doesnt run rite on my tablet im really disappointed . it worked fine until the new update .
you can only have a little bit of cash in the wallet at a time or it will not close .
good as describe . i think it suitable for the price but i don't like how it peel off so easy .
it does the job , not the best material but works
i'm sorry , this was not one of his better collaborations . however , he's able is awesome .
esta bueno , pero aconseja que no saludemos a quien no conocemos , no estoy de acuerdo con eso
have been taking melatonix at bedtime for yyears with only positive results , no hangover , no nightmares , with additional side benefits . g
its a great product for your hair and it leaves your hair with body and shine ! i will probably order more .
good reference and idea book , haven't read the whole book but this is one i'm returning for frequently for ideas
has some things i didn't really need like entourage , other than that it does its job .
soft cup , medium quality , nice under tees . seems well made . overall , i would say satisfactory but probably won't buy another like it .
taste was not what i was hoping for . it is coffee not a creamy cappucino .
the terminals are ok . the set screws don't work very well . but i soldered mine and that worked pretty well
the earrings were beautiful ! however , they were much too heavy for my ears . so i ended up giving them away .
everyone in this is pretty silly . it's a quick , entertaining read . the shallowness of everyone is part of the entertainment .
it does the job but it was cheaply made . the handle looks like it could come off at any time .
enjoyed the book , this is a quick and easy read . a good book to sit down with during the holidays .
i found this book disappointing , and much prefer her previous book .
it is hard to stay with at times . there is very little dialogue , and more describing of events and places .
good for quick checking of the latest news however we do prefer the huffington post for longer reading and analysis .
dull . predictable . disappointing . what a letdown from ms . krentz' usual work !
looks good on pics small in person
product works for my led lights but isn't long enough to reach the back of my tacoma truck bed .
what can i say . i like wearing baggy boxers and these were made for me . comfort plus .
these chairs are grey , not the taupe light tan they appear to be here . good price if you want that color .
whole game uses small pieces , and just in case you thought something different . this is indeed a card game .
not up to the standards of her other books . i was very disappointed in reading this one . tough to finish .
it was kind of long and drawn out but for a free read it was okay . i would share it
sometimes you cannot talk on the phone while these cords are charging the phone .
good basic protective case . protects from scratches and scrapes . not sure i would trust it for drop protection though .
the book was much better than the movie . there were no quoatation marks , though , which i found a little disconcerting .
kinda corny at first , but then became interesting . easy to remember the story , didn't jump around . i would read more .
again , my husband wanted one particular song . won't buy albums again . will spend the money on single cut cd's instead
worked ok , must be applied expertly . there were to be in the package but there was only one included .
a descent resource for a self help book about change . lots of interspection and mindfulness skill focus in the book .
received package and one of the earrings was broken . the quality of the earrings is not to great . thank you !
grand kids play this game , unsure to rate this game at this point . will rate game at a later date .
the sony bdp s works as advertised with one caveat no eject button on the remote . otherwise its ok .
this product is just ok , only fits my galaxy , my galaxy is to tight . ok for the price .
nice holiday story . easy reading for the light of heart who want to experience a holiday fairy tale romance story .
the waist band was slinny . i like the wider band . it lays flatter . the classic fit has wider waist bands .
this lamp works okay but the magnet is too weak and it falls if slightly bumped .
have to say it wasnt the best choice wouldnt buy this again just not what i wanted waste of money
this pin is not bad , but quality is so so , few beads on a back went out right away .
nice maps , but not complete . i ranged out of these areas frequently on my travels .
did not work for me as i feared . returned to vendor for credit , with no problem . good vendor !
not the best speedloader but it will increase loading time greatly compared to manually loading . it gets the job done well
i can't explain why .
exactly what i expected for the price range . they are an inexpensive shoe that can be used for everyday use .
i was looking for a book that would be easy to understand , but this is more like a workbook . disappointing
looks really good online but it's kind of uncomfortable on the wrist . rubber is too hard . gets dirty easily
different genre . not bad overall . i usually read suspense thrillers and this book was a bit too raw for me .
good shoes . they run at least a half size large . would be much better with arch support . . . .
cute patterns . not too many patterns to choose from . i bought for the little girls outfit but more outfits for boys .
it was worth what i paid for . the fit was not real good for me . but for the price . it's fine .
doesn't seem too effective
a cheap summer romance novel . light and predictable . feels high schoolish at times . glad i downloaded it for free . ok
cute top bought for yoga could be longer and more stretch for yoga but very bright and cheery .
game was good quality but bored my kids
i think this was a great book . i read it in day . i thought it was a page turner .
works good but one of them doesn't shut off all the way . other than that it works just fine . ok
the pace was a little too frantic and the plot was too incredible . too many clones and just too predictable .
cheaply made i had to put in too much work to cut down the plastic bit to fit my tragus .
i like the pool but when l use it at first is broken . more quality needs , the baby love it .
kind of slow moving still a good story and endingvery well written , but slow readnothing more to say .
i used it solely for reference . i didnt like it as my primary source because it was often too dense .
this is a book that my husband has read . i do not read these kind of war movies ever ever
a good start to a series . the author reached into his family tree and plucked down a ripe fresh apple .
so far it fits good . i am starting to notice that the cover is starting to bow for some reason .
it's a good story after reading damaged . i don't like how short it is and makes you buy more books .
i found this oil to be a good compliment to my relaxing regimen .
i did not finish this one . i had a really hard time keeping on task . it was a little weird .
this book is ok but i have several other sources that are better illustrated and easier to follow .
little bulky for a guy but very good quality for these earrings . good for women to own and wear these .
the only good song on the whole album is the title track by k . d . lang . the rest are really unimpressive .
was not flattering , made me look like i was big around my stomach . i returned the skirt for a refund .
kirk is very talented but this cd was not his best . hopefully the best is yet to come
nice cite
these parts are a great help for drilling . i am satisfied with these tools . i am drilling with more correctness
a dream unfoldinghaven't read yet , but liked others i have downloaded . i hope to start reading this book soon
not really impressed by this product . i could have gotten similar quality at a much , much lower price almost anywhere .
ive used trim spa and a few others this helped control hunger and i lost pounds in weeks !
runs a half size too big otherwise seems ok and passes my employers safety requirements . quality seems to be ok
very lightweight and delicate . could have a heavier weight metal . wish they came in gold . i'm glad i purchased anyway .
one of the cartridges leaked prior to installing in the printer . the price was reasonable but will not purchase product again .
there's not much to this bracelet , but it's accurate as pictured and fun to wear with some other things .
sigue siendo buena aun que no como el preimero pero pues hay que saber que pasa con todos los personajes
good
maybe i got an old product but it was fairly dry , the little that did go on looked blackish , would not recommend
ok
very nice
why dont they just put tis kind of hinge on right from the start . original hinges always seem to break .
not to bad a little hard to get into but i did like it
as per above . there was not much variety in any of the games . i've played these games before . not that interesting .
i am a big fan of waylon , but this video was too short and that was disappointing
things is not too bad . but it has odor and the color really sucks . do not pick the green one .
lots of hype but not really worth the money ! difficult to always have to re sync devices with apps each time .
worked fine , a bit more difficult to remove the cake than i expected .
great couple of songs but week album .
this author didn't meet my expectations of being a good artist and teacher . i wouldn't recommend the book to anyone .
you can't really build anything interesting with this . i should have spent my money on one of the other pieces .
a psychic detective , different . could have moved a little faster . i will give another book a chance . one two three
it did not fit on the truck that i bought it for but it did fit in our car . a
funny book . loved reading it . makes sense to me .
it was ok nice song but nothing out of the ordinary i guess i could have bought a better one
the game can only be played near wifi but is is passableand is fun . it should be available off wifi .
doesn't seem to be as concentrated as it was a few years ago . more words are needed to make
this upgrade was not necessary if you have the pre latest version . this was a waste of money nad time
the story line and characters were great but the editing was a deal breaker for me . still a good book !
they're a little difficult to maneuver on my wood floors . i think that may help them pick up more dirt .
i have been using the product and it is not doing anything at all for the capillaries as it proclaims
the shoes fit a lit small and they are a little tight , i'm guessing from the leather being so stiff .
worth a try . story is not as action packed as expected . book did not grab my attention until middle of book
third lowrance transducer . bought a new hummingbird put the lowrance on pontoon . hummingbird is way better than the older lowarance .
it's okay . it makes my signal bars go down to , however it still charges my phone . it takes while
what more can i say ? mediocre yet adequate . titillating but unfulfilling . danceable , yet not inspiring . mediocrity at it's best yet !
it's a good repair bike tool kit , just the air pump it's not very helpfull , the rest without a complain .
all of a sudden there is a glitchit needs to be fixedit started because of the huge update today . please fix .
it's ok but the belt buckle is too thick !
no real issues . bubbles no matter what i did . recommend for the value . takes a lot to impress me with screen protectors .
these are cute , but the fitting is off . it makes my pup look like shes walking with two left paws !
enjoyed reading and using this on our first and last time to france . i passed it on to a friend .
item is worthy for this cost but very thinner than expected . i am telling about the comforter .
stuck in shorts but okay
would have like more padding in the knee area , the fit is good , color was very black , it was ok .
very depressing read . nothing seems to go right with any of the of the downtrodden characters or even the villans .
i really think it ducks like but i'm sugar coating it . i'm being nice so don't try me suckas
item is microscopic ! i thought it would be a little bigger like a leggo piece ! size is important i think .
unrealistic , but cute . nice to see someone got hired through inktip to write it ! congrats ! great family feel good flick .
it does its job . dont have anything else to say about it so i am rambling on and on ok .
its nothing i expected but it works good so yeah . thats all i have to say about his bumber case
wires get in the way . not clean like it looks . other end of conversation is not able to hear me
its okay but i think it's hard to control the truck could use better control and could also youbetter graphics
. . . . . . . . . . . . i'm going to buy an otter box case
this is a good camera for tight places . the wide angle lens could be a little more wide angle .
i can easily get coins , but not cash . when you finally getyhe requirements it changes to where you are completely quot wrong quot
very difficult to get food through the hole into the disposer . it should not be that stiff .
nice looking but very unpractible . the handles get pretty hot when you want to put another log on the fire .
i like the covering especially how it protected the front of the phone . i would recommend this phone to all .
first day and having fun on a snow day learning how to get faster . i think i will keep playing
very basic product , the material is just ok , this chart wallet is very basic , probably i will not get another
ehhh my son is not too crazy about it .
it takes for ever to load i have a game that took long to load but this one takes forever
this item came out more of a strawberry blonde than anything else . i wish i had ordered the lighter color .
had to give away . did not work for me . probably used it on the wrongpole . very nice reasonably priced item . thanks anyway .
is large as describe but disappointed that the time needles don't work , so it deceive the purpose of the clock .
works great with my s and delivery was fast
good , but not as good as john prine's version
germination rate was lower than expected
i was dissapointed that there were two books and one and i had already read one of them .
nice looking shorts , just a little small . usually 's are big on my son , but we can barely button these !
i did not get the box of i should have because these are sample items . i didn't realize this .
there are clearly marked r cards , but depending on your players , some of the pg cards might not be pc .
this game is so dificulti couldnt pass the second guy with cheats on very easy
didn't last very long but worked before they went kaput
no surprises . entertaining enough with the chemistry of the cast . the movie did have enough action to be entertaining to watch .
this really isn't my genre but i did enjoy it . this is an action packed story from start to finish .
pleasantly surprised at how nice it was . yamin definitely looks better also , since he was on ai .
more of erotica , less of d s
good info . not as much detail as i thought there was going to be , however i did learn something new .
this is a game that young kids would like to play . it is cute but maybe boring for an adult .
bought this book as was quoted from another author . this book is beyond my mental ability too much for me .
ok size is off xl is more of a large size .
there is no way that a or month old could wear these . they are probably just for newborns .
the pictures are required to be a specific size so you can't just copy them onto an sd memory stick .
predictable and typical nothing new or different . was hoping for a theme that was a little new . ok as rental .
i think i expected more then it was . i really liked american gods one two three four five xix seven
it was ok nothing special about it . i bought it for my grandaughter and even she wasn't pleased with it
great product !
tastes bad
watch is great but it came with a dead battery . once i replaced that it's fun and funky .
gives problems spring leaves
this book was only ok . i did not feel her excitement or her ups and downs . and then it ended .
slow and dull as watching paint dry or grass grow but brilliant in a way , too .
simple zombie genre fare . amazon requires at least words even though this book does not need that many . .
it says medium , but it doesnt fit well my small motorcycle . it doesnt look like it is good quality
not worth the price and they are already falling apart but they are comfortable and fit perfectly
this is an interesting bio of a person who as he said while alive would inspire more after his death .
i was soooo confused but jared leto is amazing so i stuck through this jumbled mess of s movie .
love it
second time i used them lost half of them washing of in lake . worked ok otherwise . would not buy again
the movie was ok for being made in the 's or early eighties story and plot could of been better .
everything you ever wanted to know about the birth of the electric grid and the people that profited from it .
i absolutely love anne rice but werewolves vs . vampires , no contest ! miss her brillance with the erotic stories involving vampires !
no new information if you are a student of the bible really just common sense with some biblical references
this game had way too many furry friends around for me , so i high tailed on out ? where's the dog ? ugh
like the title sayes some of them were sick . some were ok but i would not buy this again . no
cracked jewel case but great return
decent price and warm but the toe box is quite narrow , so that may be a deal breaker for you .
it was just
material is cheap but so is the glove . does the job . be careful . they blow away in the wind . darn .
grandkids love it
the colors end up running together into a mutated mixed mess .
doesn't work as well as they say it will but did fade the stains
while the handle is really comfortable it is too hard to correctly judge the correct amount in the cup .
losing air after uses
not what i expected . it's easy to use , but , it works so bad . i will don't buy it again .
are there always nosey neighbors who piece everything together ? her books are entertaining , but predictable . still a good read . l
battery that did not shut of charger worked but i do not know if it is fully charged or not .
the story was a good one . the scenes believable til the end . it leaves you hanging and wondering about what happens
great game and some challenging questions . i dislike the picture puzzles . perhaps a stylus would help better expedite this process .
no brand name , fits well on macbook air . the brand logo is missing , it made the product looked cheaper
makes a difference but does not help with steady signal .
fun , gets you thinking , great past time or esp when you are bored , great when you are on the toilet
love the colors . the sets are great . and , of course , you gotta love the acceleration leans on the command deck .
one toner good one bad , although manufacturer did provide rma for the bad one , but still worth the price .
did not re order as didn't find it helped enough to pay the price asked .
a decent read . somewhat slow to start , somewhat predictable , but fun . i doubt that i'll reread it any time soon .
hints cost you a lot of coins . you will do great if you know your disney and other current movies .
didn't like the back part of the protector . came in three separate parts . was a hassle to put on .
does not have storage space in case for papers or carrying wipes does not stand by itself for watching videos
they work fine , just smell really odd when hot .
it was good .
but i got the wrong one its not what i needed , so maybe it will work for you guys . okay
mouse works great charger doesnt like to connect very well feels good in hand very smooth operatin very sensitive htanks
well this game was pretty fun . i enjoy it . it gets kinda boring thought , the more you play this game .
perfect fit . although i was surprised and upset it did not come with the screw cover .
i wish the game was able to continue from level to level . not start all over from the beginning
willie's great , and so is kris . i was hoping for a more than just the selections in the cd .
although the pressure caused cracking in my door frame . other than that it performed as expected , especially for the price .
it wasn't as good as the first book but it was ok good good good good good good and good
this was an interesting read . i was not aware that the irish were taken to barbados to be slave labor .
pretty good although the ladder rungs are small and round . they seem to be plenty strong but hurt your feet
i really liked the shoe . nice quality and look it was just smaller and tighter than the average size
this book had lots of information , but with teeny tiny script for a pretty archaic presentation . it needs to be upgraded !
it was a great fit and it's what i saw in the photo . thank you for the great description . awesome
sheets are comfortable , but a little on the flimsy side . tag says set is wrinkle proof , but they are not !
its for children . the game its ok but is so simple . needs more options , items and graphics . the logic is easy
product came quickly but discs were loose in their case and rattling around when delivered . would have prefered better packaging .
shoe size runs big . gift recipient says she's a regular size but shoes feel like half a size larger .
can someone tell me what to expect . i would love to know . expecting a deliver and hoping for at least knee length .
it should be easier to adjust to the size of the jar . it needs more than just a start button .
a good read , but tends to drag on a bit . i still bought the next book in the series !
blue crush is a far cry from such great surfing movies like , pointbreak , endless summer , surf ninjas etc . it gets two thumbs down .
i was hoping for a little more wow effect . the earring studs were bent sideways when we took them out .
its nice but the fabric isnt that good , also i would like the impression smaller but i like the tshirt
some of the stickers don't stick at all . edges keep coming up on a couple of the smaller pieces .
the cartoon was not what i was expecting but i did like it any way so i will watch it
it had some funny parts in it . from the description it seems like it would be hilarious , but not exactly .
i like the product , but , for some reason i have to squeeze it to charge . i'm guessing a connector problem .
good books enjoyed them
the good looks good and feels good . the bad really flimsy and when it get like f it warps pretty good .
there's a funny mark inside the o in bornstein . other than that , a good buy . great gift , great bathroom reading .
it was not exactly what i thought it was since i knew the rules i thought it contained the games .
the book contains some very interesting information . i will be researching real soon . very good online recommendations . worth looking into .
it is really short . other than that , i love there dot !
its okay
the message makes sense . the movie is kind of long tho . they could have made it a lot shorter . but good .
screen was clean , don't know why it wasn't working , but finally got one to work so thank you . i guess .
all of these songs sound like hippy music from the 's . kinda cool , if you are into it !
bought recommended one size larger , was to big . had to punch in an extra hole . overall we are pleased with the product .
i would do all five stars but the game takes so long to load . but i still like it .
both shoes ripped two months in . still fit okay but the outsides by the toes are ripped .
it is a very cool item just smaller than i realized but will work perfect for my daughters little rabbit .
the fight scenes were good , but i guess i expected more from a michelle yeoh movie . the storyline wasn't bad .
disturbing in parts . thought provoking . both love story , world politics and drama all in one . a greek tragedy . have never read anything quite like it
a little detailed in some parts that really did not add to the look and i started skipping over .
the cream itself is okay , but for the price isn't . it's much better priced if one order directly from kiehl's .
love the look and comfort of these shoes , but i find the foot bed to be slippery when i walk .
i need a i phone s charger usb cable
unfortunately , after about weeks , switching to one port became intermittent , and finally would not work at all . i've returned it .
i thought it was too much like lord of the rings movies and also i thought it was too long .
nice and useful but difficult to remove the bit . very good finishing . angle is ok . cold be a little short for confined areas .
kind of cheap . buttons are difficult to push which makes the timer hard to set . not worth the bucks .
simon wood may be prolific in his output , but really needs to work more on the substance . bland at best .
i like the design of this scarf , but it started falling apart and unraveling after weeks of purchasing it
is alright the first two times you play it but after that it's one you'll remove quickly from your kindle !
i got the same melvin the elephant at toys r us for half the price . why pay so much more ?
great device for individuals looking to run windows apps on a tablet . keyboard functions wellbattery life is dismal
not a bad up to possibly get someone started , or just to remind yourself of the basics of the language .
many repetitions and a lot of nonsense like we'll deal with it when it comes .
not as funny as vince normally is but watchable
the greens are not quite so green and the blues not so blue . but the carpet is otherwise good enough .
i love the case but water sum how find it way in the case
okay i guess just wasn't what i was looking for i wanted something just a lil bit easier to operate
this item was not as absorbent as expected but is a nice size for a beach towel .
this was bought as a gift , i have not read myself , but my son said it was a bit different .
it's hard to tell with the discharge in parents undergarments . frequency in the bathroom may be a little less
batteries arrived pre charged and work fine . the charge does not last long though . maybe they will get better with use .
not what i expected
i use it much . it is good cart for groceries . but it smells bad . after wash it still smell bad .
these are dark green emerald earrings . i was really hoping for the color in the picture . they seem well made .
doris kearns goodwin always pleases , but as i read this saga , i really wondered about the character of the characters .
this is the best story i've read . however , the brown paper was not the quality i expect .
not came as pic no center flapseal also defferent wallet cheaper than expectedbut can live with it not buy again
super cute shoe and great price ! however , if you have narrow feet like me . it's not the shoe for you !
i guess i'm not quite ready for this . maybe later in life . i do many of the suggested steps now .
not my thing . guess it's mostly for children although i was hoping i would like to doodle with it , too !
i am using this as a graduate level textbook and really wish there resources to go along with the book .
it didn't work but hopefully the next one will
meh .
works ok they keep changing and not always for the better . . . . . . . . . .
where are the refill bottles ? very odd but they don't sell them in many stores .
very nice and sturdy , i love the colors and varieties of the amounts is perfect for me . i love it
rattles loud on my clippers does not fit snug enough
lots of pictures and very very basic knowledge for implant . but it may need another implant books to improve implant technique .
kick ass again and again !
the book kept you guessing and lead me in several conclusions to who la la was i love happy endings
not as comfortable as foam spacers . sticks to skin .
better than santa baby but of the same ilk , better filmed and better story . its ok if you like miss mccarthy .
force close on my lg optimus with cm . oh well the price was right so can't complain too much right
ok . only couple good songs
too tight in upper foot area other then that they were ok once i broke them in . true to size
we've had these for about a year and i'd say of the streamers have come off by this point .
i really didn't think it gave me much information on deals in vegas which i thought it would .
why is everyone reviewing cords , this listing is for the armour defender case for the iphone . i am confused
this watch is real damn big . if you have little wrists dont waste your money to look foolish .
loved these sandals only one problem the . i ordered were more like a . i had to return these .
ok read , characters not fully developed .
was not as large in diameter as expected , but doable . would have liked it made with a little softer material .
it was okay but thatis all ! it seemed to be too mello ! maybe i wanted it to be more risky .
the applicator assists in reaching places i otherwise could not . it satisfies my need .
cant say it work for me my feet are always cold and i am trying to find some warm a
story okay , zac seems a little young for part , not good chemistry between stars . not as good as the notebook movie .
i read this book and it was ok . if you want a fast read book this would be for you .
pros sleek lookcheapfunctionalcons doesnt protect at all . dropped ipad for the first time , now i have cracks all over my screen .
i love the actual dresser but returned it because it is antique white and i needed white .
material is somewhat thin and without any support . i tried washing and drying it but it is still to large .
did not use itnot what i thought i neededit might be good if you have good cell service
did not work well in my tub .
cute movie here and there . frustrating chemistry between paul rudd jennifer aniston on screen detracted from the viewing experience .
good price . does its job . name brand . used to increase ram in network printer . helps with memory intensive print jobs .
really beautiful pictures just ot challanging enough . great for kids who like seek and find games especially for young girls
the poly caddy looks real nice , but one of the shelves is not level . all my items slide to front .
it doesn't look like the picture all straight and clean . it does fit snug and hold the slugs .
i have been using it for over three weeks haven' t seen results yet , maybe , i should wait longer .
well worth the value of two king size pillow cases ! very soft wash well and look great on my bed !
this game might be interesting but there is no battlefield management the soldiers just shoot and you sit and watch
numerous steps , it should just be peel and stick and one large sticker not individual tiny stickers , it'll be easyer
i did not care for sheet material , i thought it would be made of cotton . bedspread was as expected . yup
very cute . i ordered a size because they didn't offer half sizes and these are a bit too big .
these goggles are good at keeping the water out , however they tend to fog up quite a bit .
some were a real hoot ! others were fortunate to have been included . overall a decent way to pass the time .
not the best movie of the year . but it was entertaining . i got the plot have way through the movie .
some interesting information , but didn't tell the whole story . for a better , fuller understanding , read dr . fuhrman's eat to live .
a greater sense of security . easy to hold . more secure and fits well . i like it and you will also .
just don't let the description fool you . there are no polls included with this set up . it is a net only .
ok
this is a nice throw . it is a little thinner than i expected . it is a nice size .
as expected ,
interesting model , numerous matter of fact examples and applications . more self development than oraganizations oriented
the movie was a different version of the scrooge . it wasn't as good as i remembered .
i order which is same as my levi's but it couldn't wear it , and the levi's fit me well
it was ordered as a christmas gift . has not been opened yet .
hard to see in bright daylight , but other than that kinda cool . easy to install , very durable . just too shiny .
wasn't really feeling this one some loud rumble towards the middle that seemed disruptive . that the best , not the worst .
this was average . it wasn't all that memorable . i wasn't all that impressed by this book . too quick to end .
norman could be a bad influence , but overall show is good . generally teaches a good lesson while still staying entertaining .
a so so book . nothing new or interesting and a few new pictures but nothing more .
it's ok !
i had really wanted the blu ray edition but alas you were sold out . otherwise the service was spectacular ! thank you !
very nice looking product , the screen is amazing but is a little bit slow at times which is very frustrating .
just a money clip
was wife's favorite until she tried emeril's extra bold . extra bold means that they put more coffee in the cup .
the waist fits just fine , but they are overall just a really baggy cut . not ideal for actual work pants .
fun light reading ! enjoy seeing the recipes , may even try a few .
valuable book probably not the best of it's kind , but good content . worth the reduced price . speedy shipping .
this item is ok , the case is cute but the rhinestones come off easily , for the price is coolthank you , lisa
looked to big for me but felt like it would be great for a rain jacket but not really breathable
i am a marathoner and i live on a vegetarian diet . this book has helped me confirm why i run .
good night time reader . so many surprises . you never know what's going to happen next . enjoy this novel . good luck
the tape has adhesive on one side . it is average strength . sticks like most rectangular advertising refrigerator magnets .
not enough presusre even at max flow . easy to install . over all a nice setup for a small flower bed .
cute case , arrived quickly , but it does not fit my size phone . keeps falling off . really disappointed .
this is the cube i got after my rubik's brand , then moved onto a dayan zhanchi . smooth and quiet . recommended .
not totally convinced this is correct . did have some really good information though ! can't say much more on this .
im not sure if works perfectly
tablet isn't as responsive as i would have liked but in all fairness , could be the screen protector i'm using .
i was hoping for a bit more in this booklet , though what's in there isn't too bad overall , i guess .
i could not finish this one . i cannot solved the astrological sign .
just ok . not sure if i will purchase in the future . it's fair at best . time will tell it seems .
good product , very bright , but i was expecting a tail light bulb main . this product was for my reverse lights tundra sr
the pushes work well . the trimmer feels a bit cheap though . just well at first but got dull fairly quickly .
it holds up to it's claim , but does fall off every now and then . no big deal , overall it's fine .
excellent quality but they are very heavy
it's about what i expected but a bit floppier than i had anticipated . i wish it had a firmer frame .
it's good aerosmith , much better than the armaggedon days aerosmith . that doesn't mean this album is so perfect .
not what expected simply ok
poor bluetooth range !
works well on the lcd but all it only takes fingerprints off ipod .
the taste it is a little bet weird and don't stay even for a half hour . it is okay though !
it's really just sunscreen . doesn't do anything else .
i loved it as a toy to pose and keep it there but not good for children and under !
this is an entertaining movie for those people who like tennis and for the girls who like their little romance .
it will do what it needs to , but it is very fragile . top piece broke within month of use .
it was constucted of a soft fabric fit well , considering my hips . better quality than some stores . o
not what i expected , i have other books that tell basically the same thing . too much money for the information
my daughter was disappointed with the size of this recipe book . it just doesn't give enough variety to choose from .
the small footprint makes this unit a little unsteady . functionally speaking it works .
the fifth case on disk three is a totally different case than what is shown when you watch the video .
works fine . but you get maybe or shaves days and it needs recharging , again .
sometimes it won't charge when you plug it in . overall a good product and pretty thin . not incredibly bulky or
the keyboard is great , however the cover edges are constantly raveling . very dissapointed that they could not finish the edge .
i would be good if the case could also store the charger .
lost to you was a pretty good book . it was a little slow , but had a good story behind it .
not as blue as the picture . i'm a little bummed about that . its more of a see through sky blue .
prompt delivery . cd plays perfectly , no scratches . the case is a little wobbley , but not bad . i'm really happy !
the unit looks and works well , but the quality is a little suspect , we will see how long it lasts .
this book is pretty much the same as last year , just a commercial for her other products and her website .
, is like , or and sandals need to be big and confortable . what the heel does not slip .
enjoyed
interesting . there are a lot of options if you are willing to spend time and get to know the program .
kind of cheap quality wise . it does work though .
poor quality by today's standards . great classic story , but i would wait for the updated version when it comes out .
these held up okay for the first few washes , but since have started to pick and wear in the toes .
i bought the ebook for this and it is difficult to navigate . perhaps the hardcopy would be easier to use .
love fannie flagg's books . a fun read . can not wait for the next one . it was her typical southern women story . thank you fannie
great case no opening for charger , so you have to take the case off to charge
this book was ok but was not what i expected . is it true ? i don't know .
not as long lasting as the nikon original , but ok as a back up battery . packaging looked old and worn
it works but feels very flimsy and fragile .
it only has one speed , and its kinda loud and but it's works for what you paid for it .
it wouldn't fit in a belt holder . otherwise it was perfect
the color seemed to be a little off , not really purple but blue . besides the color it fits pretty good .
it was good
interesting idea and good content but the book is very short . i read through it in minutes or so .
i tried so many times to upload videos from my tablet , but i could not . i could only upload photos .
it lags loading videos via wifi from device to tv chromecast
this book is readable and is a good beginner guide . it has good directions and translations of the various abbreviations .
fun
ok , very snug . a little soft material , but not unexpected . still experimenting with it , looking forward to more time to use
if you all thumbs , this is a great hummock stand . however , i am noticing rust starting already .
very good batteries hold charge very well however this size is larger then expected .
nice enough , but a lot bigger than i expected . also it attracts dirt like crazy .
i do not wish to comment on yahoo . i have nothing to say about it . i preferred the classic style .
if you enjoy blood and gore and do not want to think , this film is for you . etc . , etc . , etc .
for the price i was expecting more quality . the pants split and were not wearable . got lots of compliments though .
good read
this game is kinda difficult for my year old . she got frustrated with it and hasn't played it since .
as mentioned in previous reviews , the power button is annoying to press and the headphone hole is not large enough .
for the money a great value . nit vision not tht good hav to hav some background light . would buy again
maybe i didnt read it correctly but the name is def misleading . nowhere in the title does it say plastic
but it really breaks easy . you get what you pay for . fits my phone just fine . i love panda bears .
this product works , but it doesn't give a sturdy connection on the female end to the product you're connecting to .
its not the best but also not the worse ! u just need a bit more than on the strong ones !
i love the series but this was essentially a . anecdote . read the vows and honors for hours of enjoyment
used the dozer on thick ice about inch at degrees . it couldn't make much of a dent in it .
its good for what it is . but i would not buy it again . its my personal preference , ok on price
the color was off , compare to what i was trying to match . it was alot brighter than what it shows .
i purchased the magnifier to use for cross stitching . the light is weak and does not provide enough magnification for me .
features their older music , doesn't have the depth and variety of vol . , but still some great christian rock !
it worked for one night then it quit . had to return it . it came only with one set of mounts
helpful for those who need help remembering stuff to tell the dr to help control their migraines . very helpful .
some did not work . for the price , i wasn't too disappointed .
i expected more sentences and examples . it explained s . m . a . r . t . but didn't provide many examples
this brand comes in other much better flavors . the mango is okay at best . i wouldn't buy this flavor again .
the sheet set came with queen sized sheets and king sized pillow cases ! what's up with that ? ! ? !
it is a good size and an ordinary christmas cookie cutters . actually i can find better cookie cutter at store .
good entertainment
easy read but felt that it was as much opinion as fact . it does give food for thought . the end
the tricks explained are more of a common spence rather than any modern techniques . should have explained bit better explained .
the product works ok , but it did split appart in the middle . was easily glued back together and works ok .
i loved this when i got it but it's falling apart now .
it is okay but you have to keep going over and over to get the lines dark enough to see .
needed a little more spice . interesting twist on hero's occupation . the setting was interesting . i'll probably read the author again .
i found it difficult to use . instructions were limited . i do not think that i would recommend it to anyone .
this was a very poorly constructed piece of merchandise . it came apart within a week of using it .
although i did not get specifically what i ordered , it is still cute in my kitchen and does the job !
this is pretty but not very big . be sure to check the dimensions .
heard anne perry speak to us at sacramento bee book club presentation . very good speaker and enjoy all her work .
not what i expected , very thin material and a bit cheap looking would not purchase again very disappointed in product
solid book that keeps you guessing . would recommend this to my friends . i am looking forward to his other books .
the dress was ok but not what i expected and much to big . i needed something a little more flashy .
the writing was mediocre and the story just didn't hold my interest . the review didn't live up to its promises .
doesn't cover ecclesiastical heraldry cathedrals , bishops , dioceses which is what i was really looking for . for peerage it was okay .
st in the series . pretty good , keeps you interested . good plot . get abit tedious towards the end but otherwise enjoyable .
it's ok . burns well in the beginning . tough to relight . burns evenly . smells delightful . bundled tightly . makes me happy
the movie was pretty good . slow moving , i was having troublewith amazon prime , so i did'nt see the end of the movie .
i found small discrepancies in the book . i loved the storyline but was overwhelmed by the direction it was headed .
was not really helpful to me . could have been better explained during food process . could not recommend it to anyone .
might be a little hard for a year old ? but looks like a good product
i received this item and it was a lot lighter of a green than the picture depicts . light lime green
easy to installmirror very smalldoes not allow to see face of baby in rear facing infant seats .
it's a sleeve , serves the purpose . why more words words
cute movie and actors , a little stretched story but ok . we didnt expect too much but probably wouldnt buy it .
had it a few months and it went nuts boiled over , started smoking , could have burned down my house .
the performers were not what i expected . the songs were great . i expected the original artists to perform the songs .
this pillow meets the need . nothing more and nothing less . i am at a loss to say more bar none
moves a little slow . nice cars used in the movie and great european country scenes . good for kids and family .
good fit around waist and legs . good material . restricting around the goods more so then under armour shorts i had .
was not as i expected . more scenarios . i was expecting a book of actual laws state by state .
great christmas show but the dvd was only so so because it was not recorded in dolby . . disappointing .
just ok i thought it was going to was alittle below my inteligence level . a little too basic for me .
a fairly fast read . i figured out the killer about chapters from . the end . too much of a theatrical ending .
the book is okay , but not one that kept me interested . i did manage to read the whole book though .
it was the correct product , but did not have the battery life as a new onedidnt meet my expectations
didn't really work for me
ok . good product , but to small .
this did not last very long for me , i would spend more money and buy a better charger . sorry !
odd is a excellent title for this book its in my burn piledean koontz if off my to read list
it fits good but the screw was wrong one had to use old one .
as with any collection some you you like some you don't . a lot of reading for the money . worth it !
a liitle bigger than anticipated
the plot took me but there were loose ends that never were explained nevertheless i liked the foresee gift theme
decent film . i lol'd a couple of times . otherwise a pretty straight forward script . no surprises here . nice mma action .
for just some reason a cop told me to get a vip pass i don't get it can someone help
good taste , easy to take , but i expected to feel more energized . perhaps i need a stronger version . kay diehl
they were fine
very interesting reading . i haven't got through it all yet , but what i have read was very interesting . thank you .
i was hoping for stories , as in a beginning , middle , and end . what was encountered were brief descriptions of events .
i bought it at first , but then , i gave a try to the t rex junior and it changed my life .
well i have a tiny arm so not a good fit for me . the price was awesome !
still good . great memories . nothing clean or lean about it , but good raunchy neil sound of old .
screen too small
i was disappointed , because , some years ago , it was better than today . the fragrance was more amazing and fresh actually .
the novel is entertaining , but is pretty much the male version of the devil wears prada . it's a fun read .
decent script and acting , but the direction . i mean , how many musical montages are needed in one movie ? but again , decent .
download time was too long . typical for hi speed connection . nice for a free pre view of movie being shipped
thinner and more flimsy than expected , but ok . not sure it does what it's supposed to do yet . crossing fingers .
dial is supposed to be black however it is more of a dark grey than a black dial .
very pretty , bed skirt tore when putting it on my bed due to poor stitching , used in spare bedroom . looks great
if you are looking at this product go to home depot ! they have a better selectionand it was surprisingly cheaper !
my mistake i thought this was a longer version of the original . it is not what i was looking for .
mine didnt come with the necklaces like i had hoped for but other then that i love them
the one i got was refurbished , for the price its fantastic . it isn't all that flimsy , and i enjoy it .
my wife used the shaver times and the screen broke other then that it works well .
it's dawsons creek , what else do i need to say , my wife loves it , i'm not so keen on it .
no new info here !
really liked the book but the hero is too good to be true . if only men really loved like that .
ok movie . not a movie i would buy or watch again . so i will rate it at a three star .
good series except for the occasional foul language .
it is ifnny , but it gets weird in some parts of the sequence . it would be nice a second part .
wanted more science , less philosophy .
very mystical and it has an edge to it but it is not for children it's more for teens .
was kinda lacking in the plot and the ending was lame . i would not recommend it to any one i know .
this set up doesn't really like to fit s set of magpul mags . would be okay for regular magazines though
works , but have to be sure to tighten the blender really tight so it does not leak when using it .
meh . it was alright . the books are overrated . it's a good concept , i think she could've done better with it .
great movie , a bit slow . great acting by hanks , and the young girl . was interesting but , could have been better
i thought it would come with a key but , apparently no . so oher than that , it was not that bad .
helped me get through several long waits .
didn't seem to make any major changes but a lot of the ingredients were good .
ribbon was on a spool which didn't fit . iam happy however to find any ribbon these days . thanks a lot .
got a couple of these in different scents for gifts . everyone seems to like it . will recommend for gifting , not bad at all .
i bought three of these . they are made from very cheap leather . might even be pleather !
bottle glows and if you spill the solution that glows but the bubbles do not glow not even a little
this was just as stated we decided we wanted a removable keyboard that wasbluetooth and she wanted a pink one
good basic detox principles and introduction to chakras and how to connect with them through yoga , meditation , affirmations and nutrition
completely see through even with the second layer under
nice bookwork with good prints bud thin . not so many prints . expensive ! good quality of paper en prints and nice cover .
the colors arent' as crisp and clear as i expected . it was also smaller than i thought it would be .
this game is more colorful an exciting than the regular angry birds app . more levels and types of birds , also .
i know it is a bargin in buying something used , but the book is great and the author is phenomenal .
well it's inexpensive and from afar looks great , up close only so so . but it looks fine . comfy . and usefull
i like the movie and the game all of the games and the movies i like bumble bee and you
it does the job . we do what we need to do , its a nuetural color and thats it . it works .
the game is ok but i think you should be able to buy the things to catch the monsters . i
i prefer the smaller sizes for the monthly planner . this is a big one . the price was reasonable , however . and it works .
a little different than regular solitair . the games are over pretty quickly so sometimes i lose interest in this game .
this listing is for either a mat , thick or a pad inch thick depending on the size you order .
i wasn't particularly moved by the story or the book as a whole , but it did feel reasonably historically accurate .
this seemed to work okay . it also had a very pleasant aroma . it was a bit costly , but still okay .
one switch is broken after the nd day . don't know why it happens . now i can only use one light .
bought for my husband , it's okay .
it didn't match up with the ear piece and home button . it came quickly and we were happy with that .
they don't look like high quality washcloths . there are places where they're coming apart , and strings hang out . thank you .
it wasn't expensive . but was described as in very good condition . the paper cover was ripped . i was disappointed . sometimes it isn't worth returning .
good conceptual overview of the french language but lacking on vocabulary lists and grammatical structure . perseverates on pronunciation .
the color was true to picture . it wasn't a great color . i bought it more for the feel of hanro .
kinda lame
love the little fridge . very cold but door won't stay closed . going to try to by somekind of magnet
the songs are ok , but someone should have said there were only on the dvd !
don't get me wrong and i love the shoes although the width on theme seems to be a little snug
only downside is the lights led are way to bright ! i had to put on tape not to be gazed
not terribly effective . but was gentle on the skin
it looks better online than in person . its ok for now but i wouldnt get it again ! thats all folks
too short , if i can read it in mins its not enough ! love it , just needs to be longer
paul theroux should temper his sarcastic and belittling style which gets in the way of good content .
half the time it does not work . other than that it okay
it was okay but the stand at the back was faulty after week of usebut it was resonable
good books for kids or adults .
i usually wear a in frye boots , but these are hard to get on . they probably should have zippers .
it's the mirror version of razor abyssus . not bad . if you need more than this , go get some more expensive mice .
thought it would shine from my camera , but my whole screen lite up . so i deleted it .
continuation of previous book . story was becoming a little too predictable . needs more imagination . easy reading but not an outstanding book
have not set it up yet so i have no opion about the roku streaming player yet . good bye
i like to see the dice roll . plus you never know for sure what your score is during the game .
it was the correct shaped pacifier , but it came with different colors than what was shown in the picture above .
the look of the pearl is great . the necklace itself feels cheap and will likely break sooner rather than later .
it took a little bit for me to get into this book but once i did i couldn't stop reading
worked great . but was missing the blue remote wire . i had to go buy onedid make the installation easier
basic headphones . unfortunately they do not compare well to many other headphones , but great for kids and hard use situations .
it's a nice shoe , warm , fun fabric and it slips on easily . i was just hoping for a firmer sole .
great price on this item , however it only lasted for about four weeks . the back cover does not stay on .
acting is choppy . editing is somewhat confusing . overall , decent effort , but wouldn't watch this again . liked the play much better .
this and the food arrived open and all over the inside of the box
in fairness , i haven't used it consistently enough to rate this fairly . i will try to respond at a later date .
no . the oven door was too hard for my mother in law to open . she is . we had to return it .
the book itself was in great conditions . but it wasn't quite what i was looking for
i would not recommend it that much because it makes no real health difference for me
obvioulsy a little dated but seeing all these stars at the beginnined of their careers made it well worth watching
i like these gloves . they are very comfortable and look good , but i'm a little disappointed the material isn't leather .
is this case silicone rubber ? i need to know because i need shock absorbing cases for my teen age girls .
the product is very slow with a horrible remote . the remote even doesn'thave an open close button .
this lotion is okay . it smells nice and goes on smooth , but i much prefer the tea hut body butter .
okay game .
cover fits pantect link well no problem putting on . doesnt slide or come off . great price like color purple
not smooth surface after covering . very small wrinkles like trace of the bark beetle
cute little game , very entertaining great game for little girls , i myself spent hours playing this game , cute plus its free !
it's a good product , fits well to the razr . the screen protector was easy to apply . this product works well against scratches .
i enjoyed reading this book . another one for learning just how my new kindle works . easy to find and load .
looking for an older comedy this is still a good choice . classic chevy case . good , good , good . given by older couple
having been using the cream several times on topical applicationsand received moderate relief not as amazing as was claimed .
his beats still aren't amongst the elite hip hop productions , but vocals are nice as usual
i would like them a little bit longer and made of heavier material . although they look nice , they seem fragile .
this case should not be advertised as fitting the coolpix as it is too doggone tight to be easily used .
maybe okay for a tv series but i found it slow reading . i stopped reading after a few hundred pages .
only one slow speed . seems very weak . should have held out for a more expensive model . ok for now though .
was a fairly good read . it was a well written story . you could read it in a day or two .
where's quot burning down one side quot and quot in the mood quot ? how hard can it be ? idiots ! i feel sick !
it's not all that it's cracked up to be . my son rarely plays with it .
for its worth buying . cute stuff . design is good handy light weight trendy . great colours cool stuff . worth buying cool
dion , dion the belmonts always made our sock hop playlist in the 's . romantic and very jiveable .
got what i paid for . very cheap quality broke when it got stepped on by a passenger . life goes on
its just as i stated above its an ok movie , lol descent plot and action
long set up but we'll written , the book ends feeling like it's all just setting you up for book two .
it passed the time but i wouldn't go out of my way to read more . a bit patchy in places .
fish adventure rocks . it is such a good game with all the presents but i never get any ! ! . ! . from rosie best
i wanted this to be better then it was . it just did not hold my interest . others may like it .
the tote isn't balanced well enough to be left standing and the pockets aren't large enough to hold cartridges , etc .
overall thought the information was good did not like the author plugging her tonic to the extent that she did .
these were not the right color . they look very white in the picture , but they are off whitish , almost beige .
this series is entertaining and fun to read . very light reading . i will be reading more of these humorous mysteries , fun .
came fast during the holiday season . nice quality and design . sadly , it is small for size and barely fits hubby .
nineteen or more words are not needed . nineteen or more words are not needed . nineteen or more words are not .
this pistol is ok . but is very easy to jam . although its fps is high it dosent have good accuracy .
these are great for story telling but the finger holes are teeny tiny . his three year old fingers barely fit !
returned item size was much smaller than i expected . although product was nice , priced right , very stylish , and looked great
the light on the screen is pretty cool but the marker does not wipe off very well .
too narrow
the case came broken with the disc sliding all about but no real damage and the game still played well
it was not my favorite book . i didnt finish it . sorryi guess i wasnt in the mood for her humor
needs better graphics , mine had a glitch i deleted it before the update , it was okay but nothing fancy . ehh .
purchased but it didn't solve our problems and therefore we didn't use it . probably a soon to be outdated dongle .
not the best written book for sure , but very entertaining . for her first attempt at writing , well done and ka ching !
made to comfortable , and goes with everything . will become his favorite for fall , as well as winter ! basic style . simple
i stuck with it for three days and forgot about it .
the book was a good read , but could probably have been pages shorter , as many things were quite repetitive .
same as all blades you get for this tool . too short of lifespan for the money .
having video games on your service is really cool . i've lost a few pounds since i started playing with ddr .
even compared to my first fire too much advertising . other than the big that it seems an improvement . ya ya ya
as for a case it's not bad , it's actually pretty nice but as fas as glowing nope not at all
not my best choice . maybe next time i will pick better i i i i i i i i i i
it has a very heavy smell . but it's an ok product overall . i like the mimosa hair honey the best .
not comfortable
i liked the quotes , but wished there were more . someone out there , please put together a large book of quotes .
two big not what i wanted so i iam stuck with it it it it it it it it it
great gift not easy to install
meh . it does it's job . it's slow , but cheap . check newegg for a better deal on a better hard drive .
this cut and assemble book was in good condition , it came promptly and we've already used it . thanks .
cannot figure out how to sketch n draw on this pad to make it pretty . i will try again later !
i used an anker charger before , but when i got this it was not as good as the mah pen .
it does the trick . for a person that is not clumsy . it's not an otter box but it's nice though
item was a little more beat up then lead to believe but the item arrived quickly which was very appreciated .
the bow is red and hello kitty featured hot pink bow . now i know why the price was so reduced !
good introduction , haven't read very much
this is sci fi . fantasy appears to be martin's forte . the characters are just not likeable . the story idea was good .
this was a gift for my wife who is a fan of local ghost stories . she really enjoyed the shows .
works well but plastic is very brittle .
it was a cheap case so i did not expect quality . i wouldn't advise if quality is important to you .
its a ok movie thought previews were better than the movie but it was ok movie i would watch again
this app is ok it needs to be work on like with the gliches and the tire on the trees
a little small , but i will order more . i just need them in a larger size . the are nice material .
all the games did not download even the ones i purchased and the money came out of my account .
hose is short and no tools to go with it . other then that works pretty well . especially for a hand vac .
pretty basic stuff . nothing on spellcheck or encryption . still pretty useful and i would recommend this to new vim users .
inflation device is very poor and may not last the entire season . design was great and appearance is very good .
loved it while it lasted , but it got very dirty and turned black . but for the price it was worth it
simple to use , easy to learn and very interactive . i recommend it to anyone who wants to learn italian . thank you , joyce
there is to much info lacking for this to be a great app , i would have expected more from audubon .
good
kinda goes in slow motion but if i had a better computer it'd be a great game ! probably stars .
i love this rare book , however , the copy amazon sent me is falling apart ! the story is wonderful .
i don't think i meant to download it , but maybe i can finish and then make a better judgement call
two each of the clear and matte screen protectors . fit , finish ok .
it is a good cover for the price , but i wouldn't describe it as clear . it is translucent not transparent .
for a great group , looks like they were just following suit . more like and a half solz . lite version .
a slice of americana long gone , and a warm and poignant portrait of a truly inspiring woman . funny and bittersweet .
simple but nothing new . run if the mill story of relationships , break ups a little of sex sprinkled
the ratings and reviews promised more . very basic zombie book with not such a wide story as i had hoped .
the print was some what small for a young reader i but the child will grow into it i am sure
the size was too big for what i needed .
i like their green formula better .
fabric was fine , howwever they ran very small for the size indicated . color was nice too . lenght was also ok .
the rubbers are just mediocre . bottom line i wish i'd done more research before spending so much money on it
very cute but too small , gave them to my mom . i loved the sexi flip sandal though ! those fit great
meh , it's ok . the price is right but it's always hit or miss . they sometimes work , they sometimes don't . meh
good item no problem shipng slow but is ok for free no much to say i get what i ord
is it a short story with an abrupt ending or was there a problem with my download ? a promising beginning .
very dry reading , but if you need it for a mythology class rent before you buy it .
an ok book . more of a story of watson's conversion to christianity than story of his role in the murders .
argggg this gift card was sooo naughty . i could be so mad , arggg . but i'm not . nom nom nom nom !
excelent product , check your pc features against requirements . you need a good pc and bandwith to have good performance gaming
i dont't know . command and conquer offers more action . for this one , i need more training
they taste like slightly fruity pancakes . you're likely better off getting normal pancakes and just adding fresh fruit to them .
does a good job of keeping the champagne , but hard to get on and off the bottle .
it's a tool that works satisfactory .
my son loves scooby doo . thought this would be perfect , but the graphic isn't very sharp . i wouldn't recommend this .
i didn't care for their tone or feel as much as either dr pure blues or thomasik jazz swing flats .
this one by far was the most boring . but then again , sir , was away . it requires more words . boring !
book is a great introduction to flash photography , but mastering is a bit miss leading . better as a beginners intermediate book
i enjoyed the short story but thought that the characters weren't as well thought out as ms . ross usually does
i believe that i was short changed i only received one package not as advertised
good stroller for kids with especial needs but it's heavy .
organic is a good product , but your taste is not so nice . do not recommend to friends thksa . w .
i was hoping the strap was more sturdy , it twist around too much .
it was ok my major drawback was that it would stop charging the device over time .
i could not get the arm to stay on
they serve their purpose well and with a tee's i haven't run out just yet . def a great purchase .
i bought this for litter box odor . it doesn't seem to work for my intended purpose . i will keep looking .
the quality of the wood handles is very poor , actually got a sliver taking it out of the package .
this is my least favorite book of all the havig books i have read . just wanted to finish it ! sorry chautona !
the loafers are very nice , however , unfortunately they are too big and i can't find my bill to return them .
they were ok . i liked them because they didn't have such a strong bitter taste like some coffees . just ok .
pretty boring . no treasure chests or devil challenges . pretty plain and to the point . would not recommend it to anyone .
it is just okay . i keep getting pop ups when in test mode and that i is a bit annoying .
will not pair with motorola razor max android phone this is not compaitable with all android phones will not work
smells awesome but this soap leaves my skin dry and scaly . will use up remainder but i'm going to dove .
i got them on time and they all come wrapped separately with their own cloths but they scuff tooooo easily .
so much unexpected here , downright xrated in parts , quite something . florence must be a hoot herself . see what you think .
it's a fun read with some interesting characters . it moves along very well . plenty of laughs with some interesting outcomes .
kinda flimsy .
the travel case is a nice way to store your jbuds but should be included instead of sold separately !
the medium size is larger than the regular medium size everything else is fine but i can't wear this coat !
nice case but the slot for charger didnt match up was difficult toplug in fits too tight not using anymore
item was great except zipper broke the first time i used it . service was excellent .
not bad , but if you are a fan of mysteries set in venice , read donna leon and michael dibdin .
watchband not what i thought it might be and the initial setup with the miniscule instruction booklet was a chore .
too much interference and it often disconnects and reconnects without the distance from my phone changing . sounds quality is good .
the item is ok , but was disappointed with the quality .
not sure if it is calibrated right . instructions read don't do salt test .
not my favorite chesney cd , but is a good one to have in a collection .
the cd was cracked and unusable . the radio receiver is not very sensitive . the radio software is difficult to setup .
a free download that i have not listened to since i downloaded it . another generic sounding brit folk band , nothing special .
only one of them worked and didnt try the other until a week ago and it didnt work at all .
i see why there was only one season . really just based on the books . do not like bob at all .
does not provide the expected amount of functioning time for my laptop .
cute
brighter than oem but nothing remarkable . cant complain for the price is dirt cheap definetly a good deal anyways . woot !
i had a change of heart after i ordered this machine . went into the local dealer and tried one out .
hard to get in and out of my pants but other than that it is pretty much as i expected .
so five free and then one pays for upgrade bait and switch . vs
it's an extermely cute but did not last very long . after weeks the charm separated from the plug . no bueno .
a nice story with interesting historical background . i always like fannie's characters and also enjoy happy endings , for a change
it was very loose and i feel like it darkened my face color once i applied it over my foundation .
what can i say you get what you pay for they last a few washes then fall apart
love it . i will come back for the baby blue and purple for mother day gifts . they are wonderful . thanks
there are so many other options with similar quality for lot less . do your research before committing to buy livex .
will test your ability to suspend disbelief , but lots of action , i . e . , violence .
the camcorder looks nothing as the pic , and the audio recorder is mindless gibberish , nothing works as promised , below par
it's okay . nothing special .
this is a beutiful dress , but doesn't fit very well , you can only wear it if you are very thiny
i order these pants and was excited to get them . the sizes do run small , so order a size up
not to happy with the color . i needed a replacement and at a affordable price so i went with this .
the outlet plug makes a high pitched noise when plugged into the wall . so much that we do not use it .
likes easy of applying gaitersleek designlightweightdislike gaiter slipped off the bottom of my shoe several times during a mud run .
is good for your price
it is ok for the price
product works as expected . it arrived without some pieces . i contacted customer support and the replacements were delivered asap .
this movie was totally predictable right from the start . still , i liked the characters and it was a fun movie .
it is not dumbed down enough for me . but parts of it got through . i have not finished it completely .
i enjoyed it as a calm down read before sleep . plot , characters , events were acceptable , relaxing and , at times , pleasantly amusing .
i have to adjust the position of the device many times as the sound is not clear for other
its a bit loose but it gets the job done if your default cover on the circle pad peeled off .
it was a nice movie , but it did not make me laugh . it was a good performance by vince vaughn .
i had to return the shoes . the shoes ran big and were long for a size nine . quality seemed good .
napoleon total war is better
this game was ok also to play if you had nothing else to do wouldn't recommend to anyone to get
waiting on cords so haven't used the product to see if it works yet or not have no more info
we loved the fabric but unfortunately the xxlarge was really large .
cant use it with speakers attached , ugh
the tablet fits perfectly , but the upright position is not stable . on the other points meets my expectations . its ok
was a little disappointed when it didn't come with the sim card remover but it looks great .
it's star wars . it's birds . they're angry . i think i've just grown tired of the franchise . forgive my dispassionate review
ok . very difficult to control car . the view point is from above and the contols can be difficult and frustrating
the speakers are okay for the money , but the sound is not what i expected from a name like jvc .
love both hanks and thompson but this is only an ok movie . it seemed a bit too sweet at times
these razors are not really consistent . i found that some razors are better than others in the blade package .
there are so one helpful websites to locate free books for kindle for the day . not much on app assistance
entertaining read , but nothing ground breaking . a good insight into the era and an interesting account of the author's past .
the design is fantastic , but definitely meant for skinny maybe average people who shouldn't err on the side of tall .
i would like a bigger size . i would be very self conscience in these and only wear them at home .
i have had some trouble with it . but over all it is fine works ok for the slim design
think the shoes are very cute . loved the navy color . however , they run small . should have ordered a larger size .
solid , but forgettable . just another action movie really . some things happened , some people fought , i forgot most of it . blah .
falls off easily
nice dvd player except that the sound is barely audible on an airplane using noise cancelling headphones . forget other headphones .
fit fine . a little longer than i like .
it is neither good nor bad in term of quality . i only find it convenient to protect my mp player .
very interesting to read . good info for those looking for their birth parents . a good look at the adoption process
got the item on time with no damage but the color was a lot more red then the picture showed
there wasn't anything special or impressive about this exercise video . fairly run of the mill . i wouldn't buy it again .
can t locate fish alarm not on menu . downloaded pages , still can t work it . need better info on fish finder
it's about what i excepted , does the job for the most parts . wet snow will stick in top on blower
the rubber part of the case keeps the screen protector from keeping a good seal thinking of replacing the case
not as big as i thought it would of been for the price . i was really disappointed in the box .
seems to be a good toy , however , my dogs don't really like to play with it much for some reason .
gentle promises and hope ! a story of hurts , faith , love and the power of a shared belief . god always prevails .
love the idea of time travel book a liitle weak in plot but still enjoyed and worth the read ok
some of the pictures are too pixelated to see , probably my screen .
does the job . it is not the best , not the worst . for the price it does the job , nothing fancy .
book contained a wealth of information . seemed to be aimed at professional nutritionists and doctors . too technical for my needs .
cute little story , but i wouldn't read it again .
couldn't finish this book . it didn't hold my interest after about chapters .
the color of the pink is actually a pale pink not bright like i expected . other than that , good mouse pad !
seems like one of the post kindle writers who take advantage of turning out as much as possible each year
nicely done . interesting writing style , even for the 's .
fishdom game is great on ipad and imac , not so great on kindle fire . some how it needs some help
it is very small , i dunno just not really equal to the task with undefined columns and tiny input areas
the battery did not hold a charge much longer than the original battery .
they are not magnetic i thought they were other than that they are ok not bad tools . good material
it was a nice bit of information but seemed a little cookie cutter . i would probably not read it again .
i purchased it for a friend and the size was a lot smaller than expected . just remember to size up
after installation and getting speakers arranged . i would have preferred a . unit of similar price especially for speaker arrangement
it is okay . i do not have much to say about these capacitors since bought for use in electronic circuits .
it was ok , i don't not recommend itit's better than i imagined . it's your choice if you want to buy it
nice coat fits okay except the belt is positioned very high . disappointing . i was expecting more from london fog attire .
okay not necessarily cheri's best . just wanted a few songsretrospective of cher not wanting to purchase the entire album .
the only reason i bought it was because it was on my granddaughter's wish list . it is really over priced .
the book arrived sooner than expected and was in relatively good condition . thanks much
great product , just that said new on listing . was reconditioned . .
i was a little disappointed . the story was very predictable , nothing surprising happened . but special effects and execution were ok .
nice , sturdy metal . it's much longer kind of oddly curved , will need to modify to be able to use .
product information doesnt seem right ' x ' ? looks more to me like ' x ' . seller please confirmasin b xgpfs
a good , entertaining story . this was the first book i read from this author .
i liked the story , it moved along nicely . but it didn't grab me . i found some parts a little clich eacute .
well the blue color easily scratches off but overall good product . i would just recommended getting it in another color
some territories are too small to respond to tapping on the screed madagascar . i gave up since i couldn't attack .
this game was fun for the first few time . already boring and not challanging enough .
i love playing this game but it is verrrryyyyyy frustrating to have the 'forceclose' message pop up every seconds .
too short would have liked more
it works , keeps coffee hot , my complaint is the slow pour
the fluffy thing is okay . my cat seems to enjoy biting it anyway , but the wand is much too short .
seemed boring description and text would not purchase it again . i like the subjects but information very simple and old
haven't read it yet , been busy reading other books . will read it when i got the time and begin it
it may have a mickey mouse head but can't see it without a magnifying glass . disappointed but stuck with it
was a bit disappointed . expected more . it was a short book and riddled with confusion over actions that were very nonsensical .
this third one is not as funny as the previous two , but contains more stories about pis .
its ok a bit to big for my finger
im using this product just for few weeks , no result so far , we'll keep using and give more outcome later
i just bought this movie because it was a good deal . it's cool to watch the whole movie . . once .
don't wear it for sports . won't give the right support . and it wear off quickly .
good product , my iphone is a little bit to heavy for comfort but the armband is great .
i'm glad that we got closure on this story , but this one wasn't as exciting as the other books . .
this was a light , easy read , but definitely enjoyable . much like the cover , i wouldn't kick it out of bed .
very cute looking but just really does not hold down the table cloth at all . oh well ! purely decorative
got it fast . it looks good . haven't used it yet . been using computer to charge . but it looks good .
but . the big but is . it's a bit small . but i love the look of the jacket . can't wait to wear it this fall
interesting lots of turns and twist . not what you'd expect where you first start reading it . a very fast reader .
good action , but less than satisfactory ending . seemed as if they didn't know how to end the thing . decent experience anyway .
too short didn't get a feeling it ended . was good story but felt it did not end . there was more to story
good hard too find hat , runs large to size .
was easy to read , needed it for my class . clear and concise with out a lot of fluff in it .
was expecting the jump game that was part of our kindle freetime subscription . this is fine but not very interesting .
i'd have liked to know more about the singer as he's a strong romantic element . overall a nice love story .
colors are all mixed not seperate like pictures , other then that they are strongly scented and the kids love them
it was much smaller than it appears . and the color was off . it was more of a red than pink .
this new balance is a little large for m , and the shape will change at the toe , but the color is great !
a nice beach read . the ending was a bit rushed . i can not wait to read more by lee goldberg .
it's ok i guess . it's a little to easy . it's very cute . doodle jump is times better than this .
lots of insight on joseph smith and his teachings , hard to swallow at times . would recommend to any mormon family .
the sub titles in english are not enough to understand all that is being said . good video for spanish speakers only .
it's a bit portentous . that thing of a young chap convinced he has the secrets of life . pleasant enough though .
enjoyed the series .
it is ok
this product is just okay . it moisturizes my neck and decolletage , buti haven't seen any difference in my appearance .
it was just ok with me and the movie was too short . the book was so much better and clearer
thought was set off by pick
very fun but always freezes my kindle . about broke it a second ago . warning . will break device if freezes really badly !
not kid appropriate adult material throughout .
it works ok but doesnt do eye lashes well . i would rec this to work side burns or basic stuff
lots of helpful tips from lots experience . i plan to use many of them with my two month old son !
i guess i assumed that mm long meant that it was actually longer than a regular band . not so . regular length
ordered for my granddaughter because they are hard to find in local stores . she has enjoyed trading them .
too predictable . easy to read and just long enough . i will read the next in the series . till next week .
a bit different , a bit dull , but interesting . i liked it for the suspense and information about asylum and hawaii .
they had a hard stink of mold . i'm pretty disappointed . kidof pricey for the ok quality . would not buy again .
not cofortable to sit down , and hard to fold ! but i m ok i bought it for another reason . ok
this product is ok . it cakes after a while so its not good for hour work days .
fun but accurate and releases early , is entertainingyou are challenged as the levels keeps going good to kill minute
they are good , was hoping that they had some way of hooking onto the i pad , but there is not anything
good but too tight for my sisters legs , but fits good on my let , although i don't need them now
it fit just fine but i thought the color was going to be darker , so i had to return it .
very cute back pack but very tiny , i didn't realize how small it was but its super cute . .
here again nothing new for me to learn . not bad reading though . maybe someone else will find it a treasure .
i love the case . but afraid of the gems falling off . i jave had two of the 'feathers' come off
can barely fit two credit cards in there . overall good product .
very flimsy hat . front panels are ok , but the back mesh material is real weak and the material is very thin .
although this was not one of his better movies , i like christopher lambert , and there was a lot of action .
i have not tried it yet , but looks ok i got it within a good time frame . so its ok
these moccasins do not fit a men's foot ! i suggest the description should read , not men's .
music is very good , but sound and some other details arent soo good .
after everything this couple went through to be together , the ending was hard to take . hopefully their story isn't finished .
reports my weather degrees colder than reality ergo it is pretty useless to me . have to look for accuracy .
i have yet to fit my shape not the ideal for this garment i have yet to adjust properly
ear bud is marginal and pretty uncomfortable . would be fine otherwise . pretty acceptable sound quality and mic works really well .
very interesting even though i probably take the time to try too many of the various recipes . i'll keep looking .
worth the watch .
it protect your tablet and fits right . what more do you want ? thirteen , fourteen , fifteen , sixteen , seventeen , eighteen , nineteen , done .
very interesting book but short . enjoyed the real life feelings and values . really makes a person thinkabout the future .
the shelves have already bowed in due to weight of shirts . the organizational use of it is pretty good though .
so far my parrot has not touched them . look good to me but no the bird . well i'll keep trying .
it fit my refrigerator adapter after my ro system cleaned up monsantos polution .
third book i sent to out of town grandson . have no idea if he liked it but should be good .
way too large for me and i'm not a small person . nice material though .
so many characters , hard to keep track , plus it keeps going back to the 's to . kind of confusing !
good pillow , comfortable head pillow , a little saggy , had hard to switch the first time , then it works just fine
thought it'd be larger . wanted to gift it to someonei hope they can appreciate the sentiment . but received in timely manner
watch works very well , display is easy to read . touch bezel is troublesome . would recommend purchase of next level garmin .
i love the layout of this wallet case but the studs all fell off in a matter of weeks
item shipped kinda late but arrived in good condition . cloth fitted very well and wife is smilley and jolly .
found the receipts easy to follow helpful enjoyed several of them . would buy more to tryand experience other recipes
i think price is good and package was complete nothing missing , and im learning how to roll so im new
for a free book
was a gift don't know
this book was not worth the money spent . you are better off studying with other materials from school .
i misunderstood the size . it will work as a back up .
my little one just will not eat this flavor , i had to mix it with bananas to use it up .
too thik
the first time i wore this , one of the straps broke . too bad , because it actually stays on my head .
didn't love the fit of the edges , otherwise very nice .
ok
it scratched my ipod
so many updates for a program that was reveered as the top of the line at the time of release .
i think this a generic case . my friend has an htc and it fit his much better than my samsung .
this was a good buy however we thought exotic herbs mightbe things not familiar . that was not the case .
pretty good for a free app except that it is copying words with friends . i would recomend to you though .
i use month this but i don't lose any wait at all . hard to believe every one's reviews .
i really enjoyed the story about our youth , college , friends , career , taking responsibility , children , love , and moving forward in life .
it is smaller than i expected , hence less details and working parts . it looks okay on my desk topper , anyway !
these are the very best cable to use for their cost . they are a high quality but a reasonable price .
one of the few combo type books where i enjoyed reading both the stories . not a favorite , but definitely entertaining .
this speaker system is decent . but not good . the range of sound seems very limited and leaves you wanting more .
the directions should have included use a pot holder to remove from microwave oven . other wise it works very well .
vocabulary well used . can gamer read more thesaurus ? maybe more themes , the kind that wake up old thoughts ! thank you !
is good , but it could be better if it comes with wires to make an x tide .
the keykatcher has major flaw . it has pins that get bent really easily . other than that , it works okay .
the price was good but they r not quite at good as others i had . but the quality is good
it works the gripe is convenient , the nail clean side is not very useful . however the cuticle pusher works fine .
fits snuggly , looks great with the cool design , could use more padding to protect your macbook .
occasionally i've referenced this for a woodworking technique . it's a middle high school old style textbook and still useful .
the left boot came with a large scratch mark in middle of toe area , but otherwise the boots are fine
my wife likes it but it's already chipped on top .
the pictures are good and colorful , but you need to look up the values in the front .
i lost my oem lens cap so i purchased this . it's an okay product . you get what you pay for .
bought this as a christmas present for my third cousins . you'll have to ask them !
about the same as regular jack d . wish they hadnt had to change the old formula . still love jack d . !
it was the wrong item , but i did stiil keep it i just didn't wanna wait for my other exchange .
nice product but it did not fit my galaxy . . big bummer since the price was very good .
came with a fist size dent on the top . other than that . not too bad
good product . mostly as advertised . i have to stretch the whole case to fit my . in laptop in . it functions .
just has to do with taste i suppose . the cd was in fine condition and a good price . thank you .
it keeps on disconnecting me for no reason while i'm on the phone ! it is a nice size compact though .
it's ok not has good has most games but it ok ok . i i i i i i i i
can't wait to enjoy these this summer . haven't grown them yet but i have faith that they will be good .
thin metal . shows many signs of being cheaply stamped out of cheap metal . it gets the job done . i guess .
overall this is a good not great listen . if you are a britney fan you will enjoy this new cd .
this is not about angels in my opinion ! it focused on being gay , the diseases , and the death .
it traped water in the back if i had it in my pocket and i sweated .
love the print , looks well made but this cute koozie is short ! the bottle pictured must be a little one .
this is a very cute sweater , very soft , but it shrunk quite a bit the first time it was washed .
movie could have been better but like anytime you purchase a move you've got a chance its nothing outstanding
i have long hair so little did not go a long way . it got used up too quickly . great smell .
as a free app goes this one works . control of choices wasn't good . i would have liked the original better .
the phone condition was neutral it has a crack on the flip that was not included in the detail description .
i had knee surgery and used this product . i rated it a three because sometimes it worked very well sometimes
funny , might be a bit raw for some . duplicate of some of his other albums .
good product . just wasn't for the phone that i have in mind . wish was the i was looking for .
quality ok but fits small and shrinks when washed
the book is short and requires you to read others in the series . rather it just finish the whole book .
lots of repeating questions and i found a few errors . overall glad i got it for practice for ancc exam .
had expected more .
i do wish it was a study bible though iwill in time get new king james study bible thank you
great love the shimmering it leaves on your skin also the smell is great too ! iwill buy this product again
easy read . not familiar with some of the terms used in this book . did enjoy the christmas feel of it .
good song . quality sound and quick download would recommend to any one looking for or a fan of nelly songs
really neat to see the whole page and select an article . wish i could make the print a little bigger .
although it does catch the flies , i really wanted this to work on mosquitos as well .
not for original purpose but very effective at night illuminated in rear window if your a classic car petrol head .
not what i expected but okay it will be a good gift for a girl or a little kid v
pretty good book if you love sad romance novels . this book keeps you interested throughout , not boring at all .
this book could have just as easily been called the power of positive thinking . it's a collection of nice stories .
not bad for a fairy tale . she was not portrayed as the soft spoken , lady of camelot i want to believe she was .
only charges if device is off .
my daughter , her cousin , and their friend all got yo gabba gabba character pillows for christmas . they all love them .
it works okay , but the foam tip broke off pretty quickly
i want the whole set , i haven't worn it yet the material is a nice red color and that good
good reference book . very useful since i don't want extra chemicals in my home . hydrogen perixodie does wonder thank you
too narrow of a sneaker , hurt my feet right away had to return them but could get the full refund
i like this movie and wanted and original with closed captioned . this was supposed to have cc but does not
never done yoga and wow some poses are hard not being pregnant . but it had some good exercise for women .
this will give you a good idea what the books are about . i made the mistake of reading it last .
i wanted this music cd to be sung in tejano lanuage let me know if you have it clarencee fisher
this book seems to entertain a one year old pretty well , but there aren't that many animals in the book .
not as sharp as i wanted but sturdy
good story , engrossing , interesting . hard read due to horrible editing , spelling , usage , and diction errors . where has the pride gone ?
it's useful in some cases , but have not found i need it that much . also it's pretty heavy to carry .
workmanship and material not great . material looks wrinkly even though it's stuffed . arrived so late i forgot i ordered it .
bought these for my wedding day . they were so tight at the top i ended up wearing a different pair .
pretty color not as good as my others from vow
enjoy her writing . it is outdated , and allowances must be made for cultural differences .
wish it had been offered with a mirror and more selections for small keepsakes . hope you find a larger selection
died after . years of use , but was great for pics and vids in my sony cybershot while it worked .
quite heavy . not easy to handle . not chip resistant either . had to buy to complte the set . wouldn't recommand otherwise .
loses signal frequently . but ok overall . signal strengh average abount inside the house .
too violent .
as a freebie is ok . since you can find many different types of vehicles for free inside sl . some really incredible !
did last long one of my faves but broke within a few weeks
it works fine for its true purpose , but i was looking for collar that is more like a control collar .
they were less substantial than i hoped . they were too big but the size options were limited .
fun game to pass the time . fun for the the kids to pass back and forth on long car rides
the green and mauve floral design was poorly finished put on this product .
scratchy , cheap , stiff , frayed at the edges in no time . get what you pay for . thought this would have been nicer .
ok i think it's a alright game . there is a lot of fun guessing games so just look them up
better deals are available than the i paid . i'll consider it a lesson learned .
i thought this book was good . it kept me on my toes . i did not like the way it ended .
really cute and i got many compliments , but i have had it about weeks and it has already ripped
i live for the last song . i found it innovative and refreshing .
silly . but funny none the less . totally 's ! plus , a cute story to top it off . no complaints here
everything but the keyboard worked out well . keyboard is the size of a small cellphone , not very useful at all !
not the best quality . the metal is a little flimsy but for the price it does the job i wanted .
works fine but i just don't use twitter .
fun product . travels well . appealing . lids do not microwave well . become malformed and won't seal again .
you might need one or more grains of salt when reading this book . i still like harry !
fun quick summer read .
this was a book that i found never really had a conclusion . when i finished it i found myself confused .
this needs to update . like today . i've been waiting for weeks . getting irritated that its not updated for kindle fire .
used and cracked a little more than the description but still much better the the one it replaced . thank you
very overpriced . you can buy these here for . better then using cardboard though and they fit well .
had misplaced our oem equipment and this was the perfect back up in order to use the camera on vacation
good cd , i wish i could have listened to the whole cd before i bought it .
comfy , but grooved bottoms and mud gets stuck . do not wear them indoors or you will have mud all over .
looks great . came with one of the fluer de lis fallen off but other than that they've held up well
i love otis , but this cd wasn't all i thought it would be . too repetitive , same sound . kind of depressing .
sturdy and colorful . great for kids , but not of the quality for serious players that like a lot of spin .
not so good for a samsung galaxy phone . too small a grip for the samsung . like the design concept though .
met my expectations as a watch battery . energizer is a cut above the other batteries i have tried . good product
they seem very well made and are very comfortable to wear . i do wear them outside alot in warm weather
purchased this for my subaru baja , but was lacking in information on the baja and only spoke in general terms .
i enjoyed this book in general . it was an easy read . nothing too exciting or thrilling however . it was decent .
i received the book in a timely manner . the book was in thecondition advertised .
this sounds like what i need but i am very concerned with the order problem i have been reading about .
fairly well and nicei would buy it again but smaller sizelength is ok , fits with boots and high heels
i like the cd but it didn't have some of the songs i thought would be on it .
coat is warm and a nice coat . the belt is not secure and the hood is baggy and falls off .
better the other games of sims before the pets . dosen't have that much interaction . great delivery . thanks guys
very poor sound quality . the information was just ok . a far better purchase is g . fred asbell's instinctive shooting dvd .
some good moments , but overall this album never really gets me . i'd recommend loved for new listeners .
they will fit fine in my cigarette holder and make the outfit a hit for the roaring 's outfit . thanks
pros it's warm ! cons it shrinks , and attracts pet hair like a magnet !
i thought it was cute but my grandchild wasn't very interested in it . she likes more activity in her games .
cool ok for first month but the remote control is not working now , have to manually turn it on
small for the size . the pants were nice and the fit was attractive but the size ran a bit small .
not bad but lack the action that i expected more of a good tv movie instead of the big screen .
it's all black , not silver like in the photo . it should be advertised correctly .
ok game as a retro blast from the past . no complaints on the game as it was meant to be .
pretty good . i remember it sounding better ten years ago . i guess my taste in music has changed .
shallow bio's to much wwii revisionist histrionics . lot'a old footage seen a times . not a scholarly epic .
wolverine goes to japan and fights ninja's . redeeming features , very well made , excellent cinematography . weak story line . a little disappointing .
rate stars who baby miles and joesphe to divorced and marry ? confuse . happens i mills baby . l believe story
bought to gather some information about mr . ditmars and found it to be of some use toward getting more background .
kind of cheap and just sticks on to the plastic trim . it warps easily so be very careful when installing .
works sometimes , have to reset it often . maybe it would not make any difference if it was an oem device .
great shipping and price ! wind speed doesn't work , not great instructions , other than that . seems to be accurate .
we have returned this item the drapery lining was far darkerthan that shown in the photo quality was good though
funny
mother in law loved this fountgain , it is on everytime i go to her house , great gift for any one
i got it on time and did not have to use but it wasnt the right one for the nindteo
okay not the best movie .
my husband was so pleased with this book , in very good condition and lots of learning to be had .
hello i crash all the time playing this game , are there kindle fire updates ? if so how do i find them ? thanks
it was ok and had a few good parts but took place in like one large building was a bore .
they are ok i go through headphones quick so i like finding a pair cheap . but these work for me .
the recipes have to much carbs , and calories . although the recipes where good for a nice dinner . thanks a lot
paint comes off very easily .
if you like ida lupino and howard duff you will enjoy this movie but it has a very quirky ending .
they aren't cushioned very well . they are hard on my feet . i will need soft inserts .
this was forwarded to me to buy as a gift . i've seen other sites for same item with cheaper prices .
this book was alright the stories would be good and i look forward to reading the complete books later on
slow read due to the period of time it was written ? might try reading again in the futurea selfless man
i enjoyed this mystery and couldn't rest until i finished it and knew who did what and who was involved .
these are bright enough . i got them for the attic , and would like to have a timer turn them off .
he will eat these if he has to but prefers plain old chicken wrapped rawhide .
quality is ok . not that great not too bad .
the original formula worked great i think they changed something with this last order
i have only used a couple of these , but find it a bit hard to peel them off , otherwise , okay !
this book really surprised me , i didnt think to highly of it at first , but it's a really good book .
good bookvery entertaining and believable . my first kindle reading experience . i will look for this writer again . go duke
the book arrived in a timely manner , however the package was torn and slightly opened .
these stems clearly state that they are made in germany . isn't riedel made in austria ? spiegelau stems are german .
spider man . i expected more not sure why . it was an ok movie . i probably would not get it again .
the top was much bigger than expected . i was most disappointed in the fact that the blues don't really match .
not as healthy as i expected . too much fat for my diet . wouldlike to see less gravies or processed items .
a little bland at times , but has some interesting moments . can watch it if i am in the right mood .
wish they would hook up to regular stereos . but my son loves hooking them up to his xbox
great spin on the old classic . easy to learn simple controls , but offers challenge . little pricy for simplicity .
not as high quality as i thought it would have been but still does its job as a coat hanger
easy reading . made me hungry and i got several ideas for different meals instead of the same old thingthat's all
i did not really see a lot of difference after i used it . seems very cold when i wear it .
i like how claire told her side and redeemed herself , but her relationship with tim didn't seem real . too soupy .
an enjoyable quick read . i would read another by this author . have already added her name to my list !
the candles are nice , but over priced . you can probably get equal quality a wal mart a couple dollars cheaper . disappointed
to much filler music . nothing great . they should have put all the greatest hits on one cd , no use for cd's .
it was nice but the size was very large than what i expected although i checked the size guide . thanks .
order was received in good time . it wasn't for christmas in the city as advertised
sound quality poor story line interesting but hard to follow
grandson loves it along with the others that he has gotten from this , thanks so much for the idea
china shit
you can't tell in the picture but it's made of thin polyester that is translucent .
looks good , and it works . but you still need a separate case or bag for the cable and other parts .
if you want quick things to serve to tipsy guests , here is your tool . for formal entertaining , not so much .
i can't keep it on when receiving calls from tango . they stated this has been an issue with these boxes .
good movie but not as good as and
it was okay for the price . the style of the garbage can is really nice . i would order one again .
it was good i like good price and good looks i recive fast thank you i will shop more material
wanted the details to move smoother . i think the character's were neat , but would have liked them to flow better .
nothing amazing about this lotion . it hydrates ok and smells good , not overwhelming fragrance .
i thought it was pretty good and very inexpected things were in t here but over all it was amazing
slide off calf , toes are not as comfortable as expected , need to turn inside out and wash before wearing them .
it was a cute story but i do not understand why this is suppose to be such an epic story .
for some reason i expected more from this cd . it doesn't particuarly stand out to me when i play it .
not for white people . he promotes black pride throughout the entire cd . i thought we were ending this hate crap .
the price is utterly ridiculous for a piece of plastic . but it is my fault for losing the original one .
i got the battery and have found that even charging completely they drain as quickly as the batteries i'm replacing .
lots of notes , but it fits my purpose and the price was great .
because i need the battery for my camera , is not a big deal you can get battery any where thank you !
quietly melodic piano based trio jazz of the interesting but hardly engaging variety .
these screen protectors gave the screen a funny look and feel . but they are not bad for the price though .

it's a game my year old downloaded . i'm sure it's fine . it works , she plays it everyday . no complaints .
ok , just ok . author seems to run on and on and never get to the point . didn't end right .
good quality , my cel is protected now . good staff , good price . easy to puti am glad with the purchase
its cool eeeei'v seen beter but it's cool i'll play it but stetll i'v seen better soow i play wo
first episode was pretty interesting , couldn't really keep my interest after that though . the story flow is kind of slow .
a little predictable and jumped from scene too much . nice easy read for the summer and beach . seemed too pat .
my wife watches alot of pm soaps . she thinks that mm is similar , with higher production values . i can't argue the point .
if you look at the ghost in this pack and the ghost in another seperate kit they are very different
the product was as advertised . just did not look good on my glasses . thought the connection end would be thinner .
i love earpods however , i was very disappointed that the volume button and pause play button . i won't order these again .
sometimes it works sometimes it doesnt . and you have to keep mashing the button constantly just to get it to work
it is ok and might get you started if you haven't started thinking about this at all . a quick read .
grainy and hard to mix . i use the nutribullet . anything else don't get it . protoway from now on for me .
the author was informed and it is well written , the story is a little unrealistic , but a great quick read .
it is okay . i don't play often . someone has invited to this game . it's not my favorite game to play .
contacts corrode and render it useless after a few years which is expensive for a replacement mount . come on garmin
the heels are to wide so blisters are a problem . ive had them awhile and no change .
is good and the is great i so instertin very very good i like and very happy thanks . xd ok
the wrists are very tight , hoping they will loosen up . they are quiet and warm though . will be keeping them
same old films
size is deceptive . very tight fit . maybe the next size would be better ? material is great quality of product is good .
this game is fun but it needs more bonuses and it takes too long to get to the next game .
i was a bit disappointed that the sizes were limited so unfortunatly when we recieved the rings they didnt fit
this was my first e book . fun to read and contemplate truth or fiction . good book for area readers .
nice diamonds but the chain is terrible . for that price they could get a better chain . it wasn't a total waste
lamp works but when tv comes on its displays replace lamp . turn off and back on and it's fine . wasn't bad
very happy , gets my hyper , discovered i like swing pretty cool , blonde in black
just ok
it seems a little flimsy , but it does the job , and my wife loves it , so that's all that matters
sex yes , story no . if you got something out of book , you may be interested in reading book .
i will be able to better rate when i hope never i have to have some sort of repair done .
very cute , but it runs very small . get a larger size because its very short . overall its a nice shirt .
does help hold shoulders back , straps do get painful , beginning to think nothings gonna work except maybe exercise and training
not a great movie . predictable and boring . some fine desert scenes .
your number of words required sucks and really makes me not want to write the reviews , ever or never more !
some of these tags are very small and i wanted to write on them but there is not enough room
very little noticable difference between the built in mic on my mini and this this mic .
the slippers were too large , but i accidentally ordered the wrong size . they looked nice and very comfortable . will reorder .
i really enjoy this game i like jigsaw puzzles . it kept me busy time well spent enjoy the different games scheme
i did not enjoy this volume as much as i did vols
at first the ds didn't read the cartridge but after cleaning the connectors it worked fine . great rts game ! must buy !
starts off very slow and the slots are kind of boring . maybe slots that are more colorful and different pictures .
great price . it works just fine but the quill partly broke off . the tip still worked until i replaced it .
not up to mr . brown's usual standards ! i was very disappointed , and light years away from being another gripping read !
it would work great if it stayed on but the minute i take my finger off the button , it stops
i enjoyed a good customer service in the end . very good . very good . very good . very good . very good . very good . very good . very good . very good . very good .
this move was watchable but that was about it . cheesy acting like an old spaghetti western or b horror movie .
backs r not flat and fall off really quick , no matter how much glue one uses !
k
not being able to aim the blower makes it difficult to know where it is pointed .
this case is obviously very cheap for a reason , but it works for what i wanted . for now . thank you !
belt is cloth . the black buckle will scratch . cheap but functional . nine more words added to fill out length requirement .
this app is okay . i need the coins for hints . if you rate this app it gives you coins .
love shirt but runs small . i got a lg . wish i had gotten extra large . i'm ' and weigh lbs .
received product fast . was a new cd nothing burnt . descent cd as far as music
small plastic shut offs are very hard to open and close .
didn't fall in love with this book . i hate leaving less than positive reviews but i just didn't love it .
decent fit . not as comfortable or durable looking as the older ones were . quality of material is ok . definitely overpriced .
ring inst full piece has a slot for addition but can cause items to fall out
the paper does not always stay stuck down on the shelf .
this app is fun for younger kids . also for kids who can not have a pet or allergic to animals .
very engrossing , holds you on the edge . can't wait for last book ! just as good as hunger games if not better .
a size bigger would have been a better fit . but overall it is a good sneaker to wear everyday .
i love these old hokie movies . no computer generated graphics , lotsa fight scenes . and chinese martial arts . i liked it .
that said , it was an adequate text . not much more to say about it , because i can't remember . oh , school .
this book was very easy to read . i liked the story and felt that all the characters were described well .
it does the job i was disappointed in the material which was used . i was expecting something more natural , eco friendly .
tripod works well
this was a replacement and was upgraded by amazon , not really happy i have to have wifi to use it .
it's okit's okit's onthink huh hi friday chuck thought chevy fax synch hobby hitchcock hancock jit's ok
it's a beautiful comforter and very warm , but it looses its feathers fast .
not really a great book . it was however entertaining . i wouldn't be reading it again , once was more than enough .
i would not use this as a real knife . nor is it a good throwing knife . it's purely for looks .
faucet worked fine . sprayer was stuck in the on position so i had to switch back to the older one .
not one size fits all . it is not flattering on my rear but it is what i ordered . thank you
just not getting into it like i thought i would . i don't know what else to say . that's it . ok
very nice and ribbons up when washed so do like it
this book was in pretty good condition . the cover was okay , but there was a lot of pencil underlining throughout .
the review suggests to order bigger but it turns out to be too big .
not bad . not completely kiddie , but def on the kiddie side of animated movies . fine for the price .
ok , but nothing exceptional . a little bit above average . i was disappointed and unfortunately expected far more from this company .
it's okay . not earth shattering
it was nice , the edges are not very durable . i keep this in my purse and it is already chipped
stylish and practical stand for vertical reading , but uncomfortable for hand holding . as a subway commuter , i found this case useless .
pants r short
cards are flimsy , but it's a great game , so obviously will keep it . hasbro get some quality cards please !
not exactly what i expected , but it does work after a little thought and effort extra words to meet requirements
i just wish the book was longer . then maybe more stuff could have been explained . very entertaining , though for sure .
very , very , very disappointed in the size of this item ! i would not purchase it again as i feel fleeced .
cheap , red , much better color than the horrible green ones , cheap , red , much better color than the horrible green ones
if you are looking for black light posters this is not one . it dosen't light up under a black light .
out of the box these towels are better good , but the silk screen image was substantially faded after one wash .
needs a lot of breaking in before i will be really comfortable wearing it .
i have never read of a married couple as bounty hunters , but it was interesting and adventurous . reading it was easy .
unforgettable is forgettable . just something to fill in some time . i don't remember enough about it to write more now .
my husband loves this movie . i gave it three stars because it's not my favorite one in the series .
it was not as big as i expected . i dont know if i can cook that many food of there
ok
was to small for the yr old little boy i was getting it for so we ordered something bigger
it was okay . kind of slow and not much developed and depth with the characters . somewhat disapointed with the book .
look good but sent to me diferent model i chosse so this no good . i hope you pay more attention
one never learns the truth behind the main characters . there is no real ending . i found this book very disappointing .
ordered theses because they discontinued ez wider lights silver packsaddens my heart . but . a girls gotta make duejs westchester ny
some of the story line was so out of it that it made for a hard read
easy to open , compact , and strong . difficult to close , and really difficult to close without pinching yourself . price seems fair .
simple , fine doll .
very pretty but real small . i was hoping it was a little bit bigger ? the chain was also extremely thin .
quality for what it is is sufficient but not as soft as i would have liked against the baby's skin .
my grandson collects lego minifigures and this was one of his favorites . love the mask and the banana he holds !
still using makes my skin feel great , but doesnt help w acnewill continue to use and see what happens
the fit of this shoe is tight across the top of the foot , where the tossels are . tough breaking in .
ok , got exciting then lost momentum as it went along . i don't want to say more , more , or more . thanks .
they look nice and come with pack . but the material is not very comfortable , as it is not strech .
not long enough .
received package and it was not in its original packaging . i don't know if this item is safe or not .
i thought it would be bigger but it's small , i dont think the price for this product was worth it
i was really hoping food wouldn't stick , but that hasn't been the case .
didn't realize it was erotic ! good story line , just toooo much sex !
love the look just doesn't snap together fully , but worth what i paid for it . i give it stars
good for through price i guessgiving lite troublestill getting good in a whilei am ok with the product .
i prefer the music on the older videos , but it is amazing to see how far the tricks are progressing .
i just didn't know they were for kids so they hurt my head . i wasted cash on them is all .
the marines the return of the marines the author should find another proof reader too many inscues , good tale though .
amazon u wrong dont say it if u dont mean it . never try another one that say full movie free
i purchased this as a gift for my husband who loved most of the works of w e b griffin .
i love the main character , the description , and it certainly taught me a lot . it was a long read though
the size of the letters is too small paperback i had a hard time reading it , even using my glasses . greetings
locke's first emmet love books were non stop hilarious he seemed to have lost the recipe on this one .
at first i thought it would be really hipster , and it was indeed , but musically speaking it's actually pretty ok .
i got it as a sample . i won't be buying it but i do love most of the kind bars .
i am a fan of barbra streisand but i don't think this album was as good as her best performances .
i am not very good at games like this but , it's fairly easy . do enjoy interactive games with my grandchildren .
smaller sized . front strap too small .
wasnt what i was expecting but is not too bad for indoors . i water proofed it to use outdoors . good
it does not fit the some of the bike rakes
really ? bubbles ? you have got to be kidding me ! it ok but needs a lot of work ! trust me .
works on note . make sure when you order it is for the note or note , two different sizes
same thing as hog casing never used product have to reorder hog casings for same price to use this product
shortened to about half the traditional length , midi quality , good pacing , good instruments . great for competition or casual purposes .
great as a sunscreen , nice and cool but stains white clothing yellow . unable to get yellow stains out of clothing .
great book . would have wanted more but great follow up to first book a must read for all . author is good
famous authors' detective club was o . k . , familiar with the older authors . for a fun , fast , predicable read , read this e book .
i thought the book was just okay , it was not as good as first book of the breathless trilogy series .
i built this kit . it's a beautiful boat , but it's weight makes it a poor choice for an rc kit .
bien
quality is good , but didn't last as long as expected . had the same shoe before and lasted twice as long .
the material is a canvas or denim that does not lie flat after washing without ironing . i do not iron .
not that useful to me . very american style bento . not what i expect .
i have a canon g and this battery dies after one outing with the camera .
my son has gotten frustrated with it
the actual pendant was larger than my girlfriend was comfortable wearing . the finish wasn't brilliant , but still had eye appeal .
the book arrived in good condition in a timely manner . it was the required text for a college course .
it's an okay game , kinda slow but if you're really bored this will help with that . good luck
it did make my feet peel . but it didn't really effect the troublesome areas for any length of time .
this chalk board seems nice with a great price but i cant find the dimensions ?
it does fog up from time to time . but i still use it as a regular mirror . whoop dee doo .
okay
it's a scoop . it's very . scoopish ? it's a flat piece of metal with no moving parts and only one function . so . scoop .
it works , but no documentation so i found it hard to start to use . maybe it was just me .
el celular llego sin la memoria que dice la descripcion de gb por lo tanto no le doy estrella
somewhat small . but it's a pretty cute little jacket . perfect for fall weather . the buttons are sewn on properly . buy a bigger size .
its color is dark brown , not golden as it says in the description as pictured . very dark for my taste
emm somewhat it is a little bit small for me , so maybe next time i will buy a bigger one .
i like this product , but wish the batter lasted longer . where do you find this particular battery ? thank you
good protection but screen protector does not stop fingerprints and smudges . i was hoping it would be more oil resistant .
not enough juice to charge ipad via usb .
too wide
fun time killer . let's see how well you know your brands !
shoe looks better than it fits . a bit narrow and runs small for size .
just could not get in to it back in forth distracting pretty sure of ending but it was a twrist
very nice ranger cap . sturdy looking , and well made . consider ordering a size larger , as the fit is fairly tight .
its simple to follow but just as boring as any other book in its class .
never got to fully test it . the spring tension was much stronger then the original . but the washer died anyway .
very tight fit for me at first , but the more i wear them the more compfy they get . thank you
i expect more from that price . the control system is not easy to set up .
its a great fit and the screen protector is a bonus but the blue is dull compared to whats shown
just as pictured , but more of a display piece . not really sharp enough to open any letters .
it was a class text . i have no more words to use to describe this purchase . thaqnk you very much . goodbye
its inexpensive but you have to drill holes in the tile . other then that it would be fine to use
this thing is very small and looks way bigger in the picture , very misleading but it is a good product .
a sexy sax and enjoyable ensemble instrumental . if you enjoy saxy sex , you will like this selection . go for it !
no noticable added benefits for faster stimulation with this product when compares to normal ky jelly .
cesar works with obedience trainers . they're have some great ideas , i would rather just have cesar himself do the talking .
quality not that great , wish i would have purchased another option for the money that was charged . not worth it .
this is a good story but it doesn't finish . no conclusion and it doesn't look like there is one forthcoming .
not very good . keeps coming off and is not very dark . but you get what you pay for . words words
this product is very good on getting your meication out of small bottles that a syringe can't get to nice
we have same issue on same connection , but the general functionality works ok . it is recomended , i am really happy
so far so good . its size is smaller than my expectation . the reaction of the touch screen is not accurate .
its been so long i don't remember this purchase but i'm guessing i love it or my daughter did . sorry
not their best album , but still enjoyable .
sometimes predictable , with very little of a mystery as to what was going to happen and a very expected ending
lots of motion , the watch revolves continuously , but the kinetic seiko watch does not seem to get re charged .
different than i thought it would be but overall a good movie to watch .
its functional . for a simple plastic table it was slightly over priced but since we needed it we had no choice .
the story was good the language was terrible i dont believe we need all the four letter words and cursing
the produc too small for my vehicle did not give me the the protection i need is well as cosmetics
this watch will run short min daily therefore after a week or so your watch will slow by min .
good app that eliminates the need for a standard cookbook . good stuff and worth the free download . check it out !
this product just slips together does not screw or glue . comes apart easily . does not include a mattress or pillow
it hasn't worked yet
this is a good book . the issued she had with her mother was crazy but i could relate . good read .
easy to install , stays in place . but i find it really shows finger prints and smuges . have had better .
i bought this game to be able to play people on a local network . no local network game ! please fix .
more science would have improved the presentation and less alan alda . nevertheless , worth the hour to see and love nova .
hard to follow in doesn't rivid u to anything n u find yourself doing other things its slow
not as fun as hay day but i cannot get hay day on my kindle
cd will not play on car radio or my boat radio . it will play on computerand home cd player .
tried this disc in two different dvd players and there is a point in the movie which will not play .
it's ok
okay story required for granddaughter for school .
okay for comfort , but they slip off heel which is really annoying and uncomfortable . wish i could have returned them .
too glossy for a black and white . i was looking for something more vintage looking . mission accomplished anywaythank you
fair quality
good guide but lacking for anything outside of the immediate cabo area
adorable for younger kids to motivate them to clean their rooms ! i love the pig one too . very very cute !
saw the same thing for less , my bad on this purchase for my yr old . for an older kid

this game is no longer in production , so it has now passed into the collector range of figures .
didn't seam to be the high quailty their other lanterns are , the color is nice and they arrived right away .
the zip of the bag is of low quality . it is slipping and can break anytime .
it's okay .
it runs small for x .
description says it is in , but it is only about . . it is certainly not jumbo like the headline says .
working as expected , need it to extend the monitors of a co workers mac . works and they are happy with it .
mics have a fair sound . just very limited range . for the price make good back up microphones for my systems .
the original what if you had animal teeth ? was so much better . this one was not as interesting or fun .
the game itself is fine , but it freezes on my kindle fire hd . must uninstall reinstall for it to work again .
an enjoyable pulp fiction read . mike hamner meets d d setting with your unusual hodge podge of dames and drow elves
this is the first time i had tried nioxin , it has a nice smell and i will try it again .
decent product but it is too expensive . walmart and drug store brands work as well at a lot less price .
too many fatty pieces .
fashion wise is ok , it works just fine , it does not kill any budget and is a worries free watch .
don't understand the game . will give a proper review when i figure it out . in the meantime i keep trying
rather small , not what i expected . cute songs it sings though . soft and cuddly for a granddaughter to rock on .
i have yet to find the gelled filled middle . this is just a regular , quilted mattress pad . it is nothing special .
the light on the clock face is to bright for a bedside clock . need night shades to shut out the glare
my son loves it but the packaging was all messed up . but the toy itself was in great condition overall .
didn't quite get it , story line weak . but would read something else y this author for something to compare ihis too .
they were not as long at the ones in the store . returned with no issues though so that was good .
my laptop is constantly going from to off while not charging . the battery didn't last very long at all .
only four large pages of stickers but they are of good quality . got this to illustrate a journal .
the sound quality could be improved and a better way to identity which input you are in we would help
works ok , but no better that the built in weather app on my iphone . no advantage to using this extra app .
my son seems to like it so i guess it's pretty cool . i only have eight more words to go .
the book made sense when it was written . political commentary soon gets outdated . chetan bhagat needs to update this book .
not as much fun as her more recent writings . still a good read .
i gave this to a friend of mine , he seemed to like it just fine .
not as useful as i thought it would be . didn't really give me the answers to the questions i had !
the colors in the print are almost like neon . it looks good but is kind of bold for my taste
received phone just fine , after days , the screen started getting fuzzy and it still works , just looks like crap ! wow .
i love britney murphy . i love this movie for the message . its a nice movie to watch if your just relaxing .
i hate political science . nuff said ! i ended up withdrawing from the class so the book wasn't actually needed .
i chose this item because of its size , but was disappointed that it was lighter weightthan i hoped for .
i don't find the bandana is thick enough to cover from debriefs . but its okay . the skeleton marks is good enough .
it would be better without so many leopard faces . better if limited to one on the pouch . three more words ?
it has a filter and i don't have to put a paper filter in it yeah yeah yeah yeah
did not know i needed additional parts to complete it
very intresting with alot of historical infirmation . i wont read it again . good book , but not what i usually read .
this product of literature the human experince was very interesting and has some good information about literature for students
very good story . i thoroughly exciting and enjoyable . i would recommend it . it was sifi with a twist . good read .
it's nice . not bad . little big . good quality and same as photo . i like the fabric . wishes i order smaller size .
while this isn't her best book and there are some holes in the plot , it was worth a read .
liked the movie , the dvd is just like the movie . you also have a choice of wide screen or full . good .
this particular item slowed down my computer and took a long time to connect to the internet and other sites
the unit is very heavy and not fit for traveling . if you use this for traveling consider the w unit .
this pair of shoes is nice looking and comfortable . however , the color fails after several times of wearing . not water friendly at all .
who likes creed , must have this cd . is within the line of work .
my mistake , i thought it included canada . it doesn't . it should . otherwise info is as advertise and useful .
the baby came with batteries that were corroded after removing the batteries and cleaning with alcohol she works sometimes .
fits like a small rather than m l as ordered and also fits tight . that's all i have to say bout that .
this didn't help with my it band pain , which i was definitely disappointed about .
its not all that . its cool . i'm not sure how much better this is than the really cheap gaff tape .
this cd is long awaited but disappointing to me . it is certainly easy to listen to but not exciting enough .
not sure what to write . it was okay not much it did protect the phone but not the greatet case
it is a good product , so far , it does exactly what i purchased it for , i would recommend for purchase .
good basic information for someone just starting out in sales , getting organized and developing creative ideas and prospecting action plans .
disappointed in quality .
the leg was too long .
losses video and audio signal on my lg tv . most likely a self powered issue .
interesting to play but somewhat hard to figure out the answer , too many letters on the board . still fun though
just okay . a clever idea with decent execution but not exactly a compelling game . the graphics are quite lovely , though .
nothing special . all these books seem to be using the same pattern . where is the good plot line ? need more
gloves are ok . a little big for my small hands . so i am not sure i will use them all the time .
this used set is acutally priced highr than if you were to buy it directly from the temptations web site .
bottle was not striped but all black . i wanted it to look exactly like large bottle . very disappointing was discovery
interesting characters , funny dialogue and the story line flowed . not a must have on my list but i enjoyed it .
have not had time to enjoy this movie . my family and friends have highly recommended this timeless movie to me .
too much travelognot enough explanation of assassins actionscould have been a short storystill a dan brown fan
i chose this title because the book has merit . it can drag along and be redundant at times , however . sorry .
used for a science project .
everyone that likes this type of music should have a copy of this cd .
everything seems extremely tiny . and i can never find a pin to reset . it works well . just not my favorite .
the material are not the ideal , but look nice , i just expected little more of this product by the price
most of the eating places were out of the way places , would have appreciated info on the more popular places .
not easy to installcould come with simple directions . good but not greatplugs are a bit long . that's it
honestly not hard at all . pretty dull all around out of the cds maybe one okay song . pretty disappointed .
i like this game because i liked angry birds star wars and this you can be the dark side .
what a gorgeous picture ! quality isn't that great looks like its been copied over and over and over again .
it is what it states it is nothing more nothing less .
it is ok , need more secure clip inside , the quality is ok , the color is nice , is like you describe
game play is generic build your own whatever game . but it serves it is purpose of being a time killer
one of the vials showed up broken but otherwise they are very well made and handy . perfect for seed storage .
that's not to say it is not a decent cd . it's just not a star like their last album .
this part of the series was a bit lacking in depth . still went for the next novel though . ok read .
better than stock , but quite noisy , waiting for a replacement for a re trial and review for an honest report again !
only been on this for weeks and haven't really noticed anything different . will try for another more weeks .
nice but too delicate to wear .
great visuals
pros . smells wonderful ! cons . thin foam bad shave maybe im doing something wrong ? i prefer the proraso shaving cream .
great old sounds from the past lol , lovely music , they don't make it like they used to thats for sure !
good story , has potential . describes good technology but it doesn't give details about it . i would recommended for sci fi beginners .
it wasn't torture to watch with him , he loves all these buddies movies . i wouldn't have watched it myself , but .
moving emotionally , but a very slow read and initially difficult to get into
some great stories ,
smaller than we expected . not as deep on the inside , but still a good bag to pack your gym stuff .
was fair to midland . i doubt if i would buy anymore of her books .
hole is a little small had to sand paper
nice shoes they just run a little small , but comfortable enough
ok . provides some support but doesn't really help with the pain . not crazy about it and won't buy another one .
the camera works good for a webcam at home or office . you can even use it for security
it was good uploading thuosands photo and video
great quick delivery . however , confused as cartridge box date is jun , but cartridge package date is dec .
this was a very interesting story but so different than anything i have read by patterson . lots of moral value .
a good read but certainly not one of her best .
it did not come with a power cable . i would figure a power supply would come with a power chord .
very good acting but would have enjoyed a little more from the story . a little bit of an obvious plot .
good quality leather . great for children or use if you don't have a lot of stuff to put in them .
super cute . i used this every weekend when i was bartending . it's really cute but the paint chips really easily .
help with your daily magnesium intake and calm you down a little bit i'll try other brands to compare more
an easy but entertaining read . somewhat predictable yet enjoyable .
good movie but i still don't get what the point of it was . kind of strange if you ask me .
when i wear this the weights constantly fall out when i'm speed walking or doing anything more then walking slowly .
on my third box . haven't noticed any great change . but some improvement . we'll see as time goes by .
was hoping for something to relax these tight muscles . did not meet my requirements but it was a good start .
nothing absolutely nothing new . but it is a great summary of all aspects of the elliot wave theory , presenting all practical information .
they are a little smaller in diameter than i expected . color is good can on time just a little small .
not enough fun very boring this is no fun at all it stinks not what i thought it would be
the smell is pretty bad . but i guess it gets the job done . the brush shampoo is much better though .
they're alright .
lots of action but plot is thin
was not like the civet i remember from the s . this scent was just the scent of plain musk oil .
they work well , but i think i expected more brightness from them . i am using them for back up lights .
why are some areas of new york city missing from this app . can't find the or the in brooklyn .
not crazy about the color combo . but the actual otterbox is great drop it all the time with no damage !
one of the bag leaks the air a lot and one small one leaks small amount of air .
poor battery life . not as good as expected . would most likely not be a future purchase . okay for cost however .
okay , but found it overly salty .
i thought it is big
plastic . too short . not sturdy . doen't hold bike very well . better products are available for the price .
but , i did not think this was her best work . decisions have to be made and stef , get with it .
not as good quality as expected . kind of light weight . easy to install . the base connection is kind of weak .
protected the front screen from scratches . was easy to apply and i have more when the first one wears out .
it is hard to read for older people , otherwise it works fine
a good buy .
the games are pretty fun but i thought all the games were unlocked still it was pretty fun
this book had an interesting theme although some of the writing was amateur sounding especially some of the conventional parts .
a bit dark
i was a little disappointed in this one . it could be because i am very accustomed to a stronger coffee
the battery i purchased was not accurately represented on the page . the battery did not fit my dell z studio .
good who dunnut
thank you .
its not the same something is different mine dosent day hydroxatione so not sure i don't like it pamm maddon
was playing ok untill i reached a level that demanded i buy the app instead of playing free as advertised .
i . bought this for a relative in hopes it may help guide them in the right direction after leaving prison .
good product and good pricethis first time buyer for this producti wish to keep same product and same quility
they are a little hard to tell if they are hooked , but u love the way they look and hang
i love that the litter doesn't smell ! buth cat has twice gone on floor since i put this litter in box .
the shirt fits good , but the v is too small it can be seen when wearing a dress shirt .
i enjoyed the film . the story was interesting . the acting was good , though i felt some roles were miscast .
ok , not as easy to push letters as last model .
i understand it's based on a pulp fiction type of story but for a movie , it's a little too violent .
it's huge ! takes up way too much space . unless you have a garage for it , keep looking .
well written , as usual , but a little difficult to follow characters . needs to tighten up plot and explain better
great album just not sure why it didn't come with the cover .
fragrance is very , very light . i like a heavier scent , it's okay for daytime . need to spray more times , more often to keep the scent .
there were only rings and cupcake wrappers , a rip off for . . not good quality for the price .
when i bought this i didn't know i would have to buy the frame also , description could have been clearer
thats good ! but the color in the photo looks to bright than the real productthnks
this literally fell apart on me while being held in my purse . it did work perfectly fine before that , though .
material seems cheap for the price . the fit is good and it looks nice . a little high on pricecaseyconsumermarinesupply . com
i found this product very inexpensive and a good return for my money . i would order it again from them .
the socks work very well for my foot issues but the quality is poor . they started falling apart after days .
using them for what we need them for . but are quite cheap . but then , for what did i expect ?
i think the game is enjoyable . some games are more challenging than other . overall , i give it an average rating .
excellent sound quality but uncomfortable ear pads . feels painful after prolong use . probably best for those people with smaller head
not an upbeat novel , but still interesting . makes you think quot can you ever really say you know someone ? quot
it is ok , just very small . something to put only small essentials in , not for longer rides
these balloons do not look like the picture . the center hole is not a third of the size shown . expensive
petals started coming off right when i got it . not acceptable this is from a paying customer yea ok
zipper catches sometimes but perfect size for the samsung galaxy .
gwyneth does a good performance and is worth watching . the movie does not take much concentration and scenery is nice .
it was just ok . lots of cameo that you dont expect so that made it kinda exciting .
there weren't any directions in the box . the installers installed the valve upside down just to make it work .
it is fine but sometime you feel it may fall down because it seems like that .
fun until u cant go to parties because u don't have followers ? ! ? this game wuz fun but is boring now !
marc has great technique but played into his own style . he's not a david benoit . berne
looks nice . but left rubber mark all over the floor . i would rather buy some other flip flop next time .
the book was ok . i brought it because i know the writer . nothing really to say about sorry thank you
this was a little dark for me . i usually enjoy this type of fiction but this one made me uncomfortable .
nice looking but it makes the side buttons all but useless , had to cut out ares to push the buttons
thisis okay . i mean its not the best you may get bored after a while of playing but its okay
lots of characters and clues but i never got to love harry or really care about the case . . .
very sheer silky shirt need to wear it with layers it could go well with a suit jacket or sweater
y call this tarzan ? its the third movie . part two is called tarzan jane .
looks more like a bathing suit . fits fine but i'm not really thrilled with the purchase , but worth the price .
pump works fine , but part that grasps tire valve releases air when you remove it and you lose tire pressure .
thw are in great condition and do their job , their standard cases , what else does it neeed to do , right ?
missing parts , bad instructions . all around a headache .
ran kind of small but that's alright i'll give it to my sister and size up nicely made though .
deserves a full movie length treatment .
not what i expected took awhile to realize that there wasnt much more to the story . was not very suspenseful .
bristles are falling out every time i use it . won't last as long as my old ones from same company
nice bag for someone , i returned because it was not big enough for my taste . the color brown was nice .
would get a five star if the cable was twice as long .
the book are ok as an introduction or as a repetition of organic chemistry . not so advanced in my opinion .
did diminish wrist and hand discomfort due to ergonomicsit does the job once you get used toi do recommend it
loved her first book . found this tedious and long winded .
so many giggles at our house .
is good for the pricei have not use yet but look greatis better if you used with the cover also
great buy for the price , it will be able to handle me downloading movies , surprise i received it so fast
cute desighn as pictured however they are on very flimsy paper . not a heavy card stock like you would expect
it was an interesting light reading novel .
size chart is way off i wear small medium an ordered large but way to small
pro it covers my keyboard as it's meant to effectivelycons the light on my caps lock key cannot show through
should i buy cause everyone is saying that you only get levels and you have to pay for more
this movie is okay for a mediocre evening's entertainment . it doesn't compare to the book , but that's to be expected .
a little more for the younger people but lots of fun . would recommend for children . contains great coordination skills for any age .
there are so many to go through and many of them just aren't wallpaper material . just my thoughts on this .
boy meets girl typical story . the background love story makes it interesting . beautiful setting and it helps the romantic angle .
not the same quality material that was found in department stores but for some reason now not available there anymore
it was just okay
if you are golfers , this is a great book to read to your little ones !
it's ok maybe the series will get better as it goes along . the first book was rather slow to me .
i didn't like how they got rid of the spirits that possesed them . could of gotten more indepth with it .
the sound is good but it's too heavy esp . for a woman
haven't used as much as i would like .
it was a stress free read , pretty predictable . it was not like shades of grey like one of the promo's suggested .
david is still at it another excellent page turner the only bad thing is the book comes to an end .
got it on time , protects my phone . the logo on the back started coming off but it still looks good .
it's basic
it's really fun ! i enjoy the different movie titles especially the ones that challenge me ! would recommend most definitly ! i
it is very pretty , but not really protective . it is just a thin plastic cover that doesn't offer any protection .
i have a lincoln ls and it didn't fit over my driver seat . it looked good though thank you
no social media involved because it's a rather old book . the book helped my planning but not a lot else .
small package , light enough for my tool bag . just the tools i need to perform basic on sight repairs .
the spatula eye applicator tugs at the delicate skin , so i use my little finger instead . not worth the high price .
good balls
simple ingredients and easy directions make meals easy and quick . this is important in today's hectic lifestyle and crazy schefules
i enjoyed the book . it really captured my attention at the beginning but was slow from about the middle on .
the book had some strange twists and turns . not my usual type of reading . a little weird for my reading pleasure .
the material is not a dvd quality but vhs quality written on a dvd . good movie however .
haven't had the shoes long enough for a fair assessment but i have always had good results with new balance .
well gideon is a great character but elle less so the actress playing her might need some more acting experience .
the anti inflammatory turmeric curcumin doesn't seem to make any difference in how i feel . i would not order this again .
i bought a pair of teezher skinny pants last year and they were much thicker than what they have here .
poor listings for different categories . the usual excess of ads . where is listing for weather ? science ? can not find them
ummmm , for the price you pay , is not bad . i couldn't use it for long time , it is very weak .
it is a good bag and cheaper than a north face , good durable but i came over a month late .
fits perfectly but hard to put on and take off . the material is too hard or not worn in yet .
quick over views about the various signs . pretty spot on from what i've known about the signs . a quick read !
the gloves fit well but finf several when i take thm out of the box are ripped that is disappointing .
it's larger than i expected . other than that it works fine . seals well and feels strong .
good concert , but better to check titles before you buy . some titles may not familiar .
didn't hold my interest . it got slow in many spots and not bad in others . it was an ok read
appears to be serviceable , but mediocre quality for a sony branded product , and for the price paid .
the slides are just fine , but i did not get any cover glasses . that's annoying , and makes many experiments impossible .
i just haven't notice it doing anything . maybe that's good . if it's doing it's job i shouldn't have any problems .
the money for nothing song was shortened at the beginning and end of the song , which i wasn't happy with .
great for the price and functionality . not the best in quality but , we do for daily use .
it works it's okay , wish you had a bigger roll . but this was useful . will help for a while . okay
school requirement . fit comfortable . does not last long for daily wear . they tear and scuff easly .
was returned only one thing imust take off my cases to use
rubber mats were nice , however , not as heavy duty as i thought or had hoped for a ford f truck .
as expected . quality is ok , nothing spectacular , no triple stitching here . good valuethey fit the purpose i ordered them for
it works fine . just that i had other expectations and after playing around with it , it does give me the results .
it seems to me the battery dies quicker than the original did two years ago , but i can't be sure .
sizing is off order two sizes bigger than you should . the xl is a small . the xl is a small .
not bad .
battery is cheap , works so so , pice is right possibly equal to original but no better
just meh . wasn't great wasn't terrible , just meh . could have been just one novel . the books read more like chapters .
just o k wouldn't read it again . it didn't make me laugh or cry . i has to make me feel .
the product works as intended but gives off static white noise in speakers or headsets when the mic is plugged in .
it was ok but not so easy to read . too much skipping around and sometimes i lost interest .
not the best quality but it's kind of a b rated movie . my stepdad enjoys it ! one two three four five .
nice color , nice pic , but the shirt , the fabric , is very very simple . very cheap fabric . a little bit poor .
interesting perspective from a small village woman about how the plague devastates all their personal lives and the entire town .
not made all that well . the percolator stem was crooked . i used it on the stove and t worked well .
in the beginning of the story character development good , started to care about two main characters . in end they are forgettable .
this is very thin , plasticky material , the colors are great , but should be . not what they are asking . dissapointed
can't get rid of little keypad ?
does the job but unfortunately i cannot refold it after expanding . too large for one person .
they we wok for the price
this device is performing well so far . the first collar didn't last too long . rechargeable battery is not replaceable .
it's a good film but the complexities were not explored add they should have been . you should enjoy it though
there are not enough animals , but those you have are good . upgrade to lots more critters . how about a porcupine ?
somewhat stiff and hard to break in . rubs ankles and not as comfortable as would be expected with ergonomics soles .
nothing very 'sneaky' about this holster as it is huge ! it is well built , but impractical for general use .
great ending . well written . too long to get there
it's scary and weird , but entertaining .
did not realize that it would be so small . makes flipping pages a wee bit difficult . good quality pictures , however . ok .
these earrings are really pretty , but the post is too flimsy for the substantial front and bends far too easily .
it was predictable , but still funto watch and my granddaughter did really enoy the story and the people . it's good .
i was really enjoying this book when it suddenly ended . i sure hope that there is a sequel to it .
this is ken follet's worst writing . it was a page turner and i read very miserably written word . a beach book .
ok off amazon but glad i did not see it in the movie house .
this could have been written by any of the writers in this genre . it is not worthy of carl hiaasen .
i like it but i don't think it will last long its to flimsay
this is okay , i've just not used it constantly to know the different but i think it's okay , try it .
don't confuse with the bernard devoto book
this scale looks very classy , but it fluctuates pounds every time i or my girlfriend steps on it .
colour is much lighter grey than in the photos which didn't bother me but unfortunately the sizing was too small .
hard to get the glue to go thru the thin needles .
the book is a good book just very vague on information for the class i took in college theatre appreciation
elizabeth chadwick at he best as usual . she breathes life into people that lives over a thousand years ago . incredible reading
one has already started to get condensation in it .
it made me more sure of the proper chair i'm sitting on right now . perhaps my back ache will improve !
not hi qoalty
they liooked big in the picture but they get the job done .
not top quality , but sufficiently collectable .
worked fine when new . the rest bent out of shape after short use ,
i used this almost every night until it was all gone not much of an improvement in my forehead lines .
good book had fun reading itwas very entertaining with lots of actionnot too long and not too short
had a good storyline but was dragged out . needed to be a little more with the characters profile , and meaning
good historical fiction . too many characters though . extremely poor editing of the e book many , many errors made reading book difficult .
it's a little frustrating after level , but if you enjoyed jewel quest , you should enjoy this .
great bag , good quality , but a bit smaller than i expected . i can live with it .
do not prefer glossy screen protector due the nature of the protector . go for it if you want glossy screen .
not a comic book not a story book its a collection of art by a couple artists
nice product for kids to play with . cause they don't mind that it doesn't set well , and peels off quickly .
its ok
justified is one of my favorite season however , i don't like how this season storyline is mostly about drug use .
the color was dead on but the broke to easily . i would not buy another one as it was disappointing .
come on hollywood , if you can afford that cast , you should be able to afford a little more feasible script .
it didn't grab me the way some if the other arcadian books did .
it's fun to play . but when the levels get hard . you have spend money on those points . enjoyable and fun .
it's ok .
after that , very boring , like i said . for kidsespecially since it's not a violent game , and it's a good design .
the battery s are good . , and working well . i let them charge only once a day , . for only two hourskind regardsrene
not a toy requires assembly
small
i love the fit , but it's too shear and i often have to wear two blouses or cami to compensate .
it was a nice phone case but unfortunately it did not fit my phone i have an iphone soooo
i didn't really notice a huge difference . there was an uneven amount of gummies in the bottles i have purchased
i bought this to make fruit smoothies . my niece liked it more than me , so i let her have it .
futuristic , appeared to be a low budget film . not alot of props , very simple sets , story line was entertaining enough to watch till end .
i have ordered my coins and didnt get them . not very happy with the way that is works for that .
these expire every year so be very wary of buying older editions . they are great just for reference tools though
took awhile for this story to get in gear but when finally started , good to the end . read with patience .
the black color looks more dark gray than black but my son still loves it so it served it's purpose
a bit narrower than similarly sized sketchers . the fit is a little snug .
the story was not as cute as i had expected and my son seldom asks to read it .
husband enjoyed it but lots of foul language
saw one at jamba juice the other day . got jealous i must say that it does look true to size !
i liked the beginning and end . the middle didn't keep me very interested
small book . not many pages . it works for our graduation party , but a larger party . it wouldn't be enough .
i haven't read it yet . maybe i will get a chance some time soon . this review process really sucks time .
this is okay for a star wars fan but not so great if you don't have a lot of beanz .
great acting from each of them , thin plot that didn't matter too much . interplay of women well written and believable .
not enough for me , but i guess for the guy trying a quick fix its ok ! i just needed more
not what i was looking for or expected . i would have liked to have had instructions for making letters with legos .
looked a little cuter in the picture . quality okay . had to return because immediately after arrival as lace was unraveling .
challenging but cant custom vehicle in career mode and some of the levels cannot be completedoverall it's a good game
this game is harder the temple run but it makes it exciting but you have to think fast when playing
this video really helped improve my flexibility ! i'm a dancer and this helped me alot ! i highly reccomend it !
this shaver does the job , however it requires to pass throug the area several times .
author too speculative . too many may have happened , may have intended , etc . never understood author's purpose for writing the book .
good cute backpack but loop strap at top ripped off after week . i do think it's cute though . thanks !
good for firebird but ok at best for super cub which i bought it for .
speed is too slow to give an effective shave . wants to curl the hair instead of cutting it .
pages were highlighted soooooooooo much some pages i can't even read .
the price is not that low but is well constructed a little bulky but holed the cell phone very well
fine as replacements for broken ones . interesting to note though these are not as heavy a plastic as the originals .
color is true navy . which is great ! the width is same what larger then i expected . overall , a nice shoe .
didnt come with mounting hardware and was very expensive for what i got . i would not recomend . word word word
i have not worn them but they are heavy .
i love it
i little cheezy and even thought sleeves work just a little less quality than others i purchased at same price
i iike it . it's fast i guess . but some was broken so becareful what you order next time i guess
good .
pretty good overall , but very difficult to follow . contains many interesting futuristic concepts , though . i'll not be reading it again .
sound is not what i expected i need more sound from the head phones it is just average sound here
really makes you think . it's not as easy as you would think it should be . the differences are very subtle .
ok . great book for defining words . what more can i say . good dictionary . great for looking up unknown words . good book lots of words lol
i liked it better in . after seeing the new version in d , this one was kind of boring . yawn .
oldie but a goodie
thin , flimsy material , but for the price not bad .
its ok kinda cheap i thought it was black its like deep purple really flimsy paint is coming off also
the swimsuit is adorable , but i doubt i'd ever use the little robe thing . the suit does run small however .
gritty pasta . not the best i've tasted
te mantiene con gan as de seguir leyendo sin parar beasts el final . muy entretenida para branches y chicos . buena .
my grand daughter likes it but would rather play with the remote because it lights up . or the cell ph .
can't get it to turn on and off . remote works but tv will not accept signal . no pc connector provided .
it's a quality piece of equipment , but it's tough to balance , as are all glide cams from what i hear
it's a cute case , girly and nicegoes on easycomes off easyslight color difference in personoverall good case
not bad .
started strong but got a little predictable toward the end . can see this has the possibilities of becoming a series . afghan
it is an interesting and helpful read . i found it was a good way to relax and start the day .
enjoyed this tea . good but have had better . not sure if i would buy again . good for the price ok .
. it's a pain to mount into the case . the holes for the screws are obnoxiously difficult to work with .
i don't know how to rate it because i gave it to someone for a gift . it must be ok .
i was hoping the studs would replace my g hoops , but the post size was more comparable to an g .
good addition to any bridge players list of bridge games beginners should find this a good source of learning . thanks
only lasted weeks , it's too thin . the wind tore it to pieces . otherwise i liked the size and look .
its ok . a bit small to look at . it annoys me having to strain so hard to see the tiles .
either use it wrong , or doesnt have amazing effect . should give it another chance though . thank youthank you again
it's entertaining but very little information is actually presented . turn it on if you want to turn your mind off .
looks alright but the bezel is omg huge ! unless u have big wrist or lower arm this is really big .
it's a swimsuit . wish the top was longer . love the color and the style . wish it came with options for shorts
as a first novel it seemed quite good , though i think whoever edited it could have done a better job .
sometimes some songs make sound like a piece of metal vibrating which is not nice for songs with deep bass
it's o . k . kind of rubs against chest and feels a little irratating you know . like a pest that sometimes scratches .
worked when i needed it , fast delivery , fair price .
funny read , but very short story . i was entertained but for only a short time . recommended for a short read .
well , it only lasted for several months only . but i guess that's what you get for such an inexpensive product .
no difference in the weight loss . tea taste ok . not worth the money spent . but still tried it anyways . thanks !
interested to see if they make significant changes to the third movie installment . hated the ending unfortunately but still fun .
shooting target is paper thin . not happy with the quality of the product and definitely was not worth the price .
works great
let's just say it was okay .
this game is just so so . don't know what i expected maybe too much . hardly ever play it . am thinking of deleting it .
the stand broke off of it in the first week other than that it's ok . i bought it for my son
i have always enjoedy solitaire . no bells or whistles but just a good game for when you're chilling out . okay
ok , but need more pictures ! beautiful book otherwise with great texts , partly from the book . well recommended from me . thx
the shovel is very light weight and too flexible . it most likely won't stand up to shoveling snow very long .
the title is pretentious when you realize that any veteran dog owner knows virtually every thing suggested in the book .
not exactly blu ray quality , it looked more like an up convert . i would probably just stick with the dvd here .
flavor sounds delicious , but does not taste nice at all ! somewhat verdant , but mostly bitter . had to throw it out .
these aren't very sexy apps . in fact , i don't think they are really worth the bother . but they are cheap .
'metal work' on belt rusts ! thereby causing rust stains especially on white belt
a shame souljah slim had to get shoty but still this was'nt a bad song .
i love the case but it arrived carrying a very strong odor like mildew which took a month to disappear .
i like christina skye and her draycott series , but this story was not as well developed as her other books .
i love the mat , and it is really comfy to carry with you , but mine came with several deep cuts .
use it as a hair mask twice weekly
poor quality of stiching and sewing in multiple areas as if someone worn it before meotherwise pretty dress for outing
don't bother . it doesn't float straight up , keeps turning upside down , doesn't skim much . not worth the money that i paid .
i like this piece . it was a lot smaller than i thought it would be but , i do like it
i am enjoying the game so far . the first few levels are easy enough . i look forward to being challenged .
worked but make one hell of a high pitch noise . new one is on its way then i will update .
the bee was okay , but nothing great . i enjoyed reading the issue because i lived there for over years .
the speaker went off in two days , i can only use it with ear phones
these windshield wipers aren't as good as i hoped . next time i think i will buy different ones . they're streaky .
good historical reviews although is a bit technical in most chapters requires knowledge in chemisty is a good book reference ,
the detail was so involved , i lost interest .
it may be ok for a small office or a small room . sound is also just ok . not the best .
for those who are really into bingo , it looks and sounds great . it's just not my cup of tea . d . moore
the productt taste was great however the caramals seemed either old or a bit stale they were quite hard .
results are not great but haven't finished st bottle yethave not lost yetwill keep in touch when i do
regular
not included brand new usb cable for charging via computeri disappoint that is dislike the descirbe how am i
i love it
this product seems more like gauge wire to me . great insulation both on the outside jacket and the wiring .
this is cheap . but more worth than it's price . but don't expect to much . this is from stanley but made in china . that's all .
since i use fresh or frozen berries i prefer to use the vanilla or chocolate version of this protein powder
not sure it's what i tasted at family function but already open too bad , low calorie at least pricey
i would like these ink cartridges to be shipped in the original packaging
netflix has many very old , very good movies . none of the new movies that arepopular can be found here .
this helmet looks awesome but they run really small . i got the xxl and its smaller then my current xl .
not as great as the liquid kind
the handles are good but it is difficult to adjust the length . i also like the thickness of the cord .
expected to be able to duplex print . not available on this model for some reason . other than that it's just fine .
would not load on my phone . i don't think it was the company's fault just wish it would have opened
i don't have anything to compare these to . i bought alkaline by mistake but they work pretty well
it's really good at the beginig but you can finish all the levels and days and the fun ends
it is such a cute case just not a very protective at all . i cracked my screen with it on .
this shirt is pretty nice but the photo shows brighter colors and more vivid pictures than the actual tshirt has .
does the job . but could be better . opens up in the dryer . had to squeeze my bra into the ball
picture quality is very poor . if u need to make calls and send emails only this phone is for u .
not true to size after washing the sheets were to small but for the price to keeper them any way
it's ok
the book has some nice images , but i expected more , normal book , for a normal price . many pictures are boring .
fit nice . smelly . it's worth the money you pay , just the smell is awful and it lasts a long time .
functional and meets basic quality . they do not make things like in the past .
had it for months and the back is peeling of and yeah i soul t recon uchida joy uvula gg
guess it does its job , but too snug for my tastes . some may consider it a bit scratchy .
nice color , and quality , just a lot smaller than i expected . future buyers double check measurements ! overall very good item
i've been using a mini mag lite holster with clip that works every well . and i don't need a belt !
was not exactly like the picture . tapered ends instead of true cylinder but still they fit on my tacx trainer
okay
a lot of writing and underlining in the book , in pen and pencil . false to the advertised product . great price !
it's okay but color is not i expectedi ordered of them of them are not good quality but they're cheap
got this for my grandson for his room he loves it got all kinds of stuff like the ghost busters
i cant say much about this , i have spent the money already but it's not what i was looking for
the grey tshirts were a little too big , the black ones were great . dont know why , but they are ok .
picture looked better than the bracelet . i would choose differently but it was a gift and the recipient liked it .
most laptops require more juice than most inverters can handle , especially this one . chargers my iphone just fine . . .
much smaller then i expected great for beginners , but experienced likely will want more girth and height cute toy though
good product , but awkward to use with the connecting tubesand it has to be plugged in , which is inconvenient .
this was a good , easy read but was unimpressed by all the errors and typos . not bad , but not good .
i have not fished the but had first discussion to page and the others enjoyed it very much indeed .
it's a decent book but it's a bit repetitive . at times i wanted to scream , i get it already . move on !
this was a gift for a birthday . but i did have a chance to review it and it looked wonderful
did what i wanted for sure it worked greatyup it works for sure . . . . . .
they did not do a great job on d stitching
great job on showing how skill and passion can be mixed to create a great story with range and depth .
just okcould be betternot any soupvery few dinners need more contentglad it was a free book
it was a good story , goth tired of micha getting the run around and being treating like a booty call .
it is okay for around the house but it fits too small to wear in public for me at least
the glass was great , the lid was cheap . the lid does not fit tight .
a case to start with , you will want something finer in the future . it is ok given its low price .
i got what i expected but it was hard getting rid of the bubbles . i did it's job so it's ok .
it is ok its a lot like temple run . buy it and you will see . i do not like it .
nice pictures , fell apart kind of easily despite being hardly touched . would probably order again though , was a good deal .
received it as a gift though not from the other reviewer . lol . it's not bad item .
nice device but didn't vibrate well enough for my wife . otherwise , it is good if you're okay with minimal vibration .
it's ok . for it's cost quality it's probably slightly better depending on where you'd it find locally at a variety store .
nice jeans for slimming tummy area but they are relaxed through thighs and knees areas , i wish they were slimmer .
doesn't cook all arepas evenly other than that it great ! i am looking for one to cook arepas . thanks
i try to upgrade my windows from xp to window it wouldn't let me
good compromise for budget lens one for all . but don't expect wow quality
we barely use this in class . which sucks . but yep i got it sooner then expected . thank you quick sender !
it's cheap and works fine . even if you have an early macbook , it makes the computer feel like new .
i was a little dissapointed because i thought this book would have some great recipes . it was more a history book .
would not buy again , not quite what i expected . e e e e e e e e e e e
i do not think capisette caps helped with my swelling .
biff's blunders are worth a chuckle or two . if you're in a bad mood , this may help a little bit .
i enjoy playing this game . reminds me of the game i had when i was a kid . easy to play .
the case is okay for everything except the lens shield which does not fit inside the case with everything else .
the back and menu button became an issue on the get go . waterproof capability is top notch and looks good .
it seems to work ok although it does not have the same appearance of the desktop version you see online .
ok i am sorta confused . now if that was the end of the book . . i'm pissed the hell offs
short life than original .
not a favorite of mine . i enjoy others i have of a similar nature much more .
smaller than expected , wanted it for lighting . it does glow but not very much light . moved it to another location , good decoration . thank you !
a nice historical fiction and romance story . good plot development , exciting and moves right along . there is one romance scene .
not saying its poor , just that the plot got boggled down some of the time . i still enjoy his work .
i am this collection is directed toward children . i don't like the music .
in my opinion ikross black mini bluetooth handsfree headset for smart phones is ok . fitting to ear cold be better
good item for child play and for diversion , it comes from china , my childs loves dragon ball z and goku
this filter works , but is a little smaller than filter no . which came with the unit .
they worked at first , but came apart when we climbed hill from snow into gravel driveway on f truck
it works as stated , but i really didn't like it , didn't like wearing the headphones and how sensitive it is
enjoyed dvd .
cute top and design but it fit too small . flower is pretty but it just didn't work for me . sad .
well , in my humble opinion , this book is not well written , it doesn't have a plot but it's really addictive .
at times slow moving . it streches the science but then so does sandra bullock in gravity . twist at ending unexpected .
need better the pic with the information about the product . . . . very fast and very cheap !
fun product . an hour charge will last you for weeks . my only gripe is the lack of available colors . word .
i guess i needed to live at that time frame , but i did recognize the areas he was talking about . jody
ossie davis is the only good thing about the film . well intentioned but slow moving film about evils of slavery .
works wells and offer a bit more safety than the other model
good book but pmp questions are a lot harder . passed all the same and it definitely helped . worth the cost .
it was a sad story about young love . cancer is a nasty disease and when it affects kids it's terrible .
nothing close to ipad version . updates and freezes while reading . latest rev an improvement but still a ways to go .
doesn't do much cooling . if already cool will retain for short period of time .
nice tie in for two of my favorite topics tarot and astrology . informative , interesting , easy read and a great learning tool .
padded story line , manufactored end .
i can't play this for very long . it seems very repetitive . liked it at first , but got tired of it .
seller communicated efficiently . was a smooth transaction and seller provided pictures as well as was very cooperative .
ok
look nice . but out of did not work when screwed in . i am trying the next . hope they work .
i love the soundtrack . the only thing that their was a scratch on the cd .
ok , it's a flashlight but no options on color , flashing , focus , etc . not worth the price . nothing more to say
not something the cats liked . i am guessing it was bland and did not do anything for their taste buds .
don't remember getting this one . don't see it anywhere . wife doesn't remember ordering it . hmmm it's a mystery . oh well
enjoyed charlotte moss's most recent book . creative thinking for bringing together color for house and garden . blending with accumulated layers .
i like adele , but not most of the songs on this cd . listen to all songs before buying . just ok .
i gave this as a christmas gift to a friend so i really can't say what the rating would be .
it's not terrific but will do for my little mermaid princess parties . it's super long and bright . mom among chaos .
very nice coat . too bad it runs so small . i had to send it back .
easiest process to purchase and start watching . rental should last for more than days after the start of viewing .
this is certainly not grisham's best novel . interesting but not riveting , i found the characters to be shallow and formulaic .
good book , but . i bought this book because it was recommended for me , but it didn't live up to my expectations .
this was a decent read for the money . nothing i would rave about . but it certainly passed the time .
was a bit disappointed . curled the corners of the picture , slightly torn . not so bed , not so good . thank you
this is a decent app . but please fix your calendar in the due date . it shows january has nd day .
these tights are pretty nice for the price . they are definitely soft and comfortable , but they are not truly opaque .
not as strong coffee taste as i would like . but wasn't awful . could have had a stronger coffee flavor . but was okay
although it probably will protect my cell it is overly bulky and the access to charger input was too small
the roller worked great for about hours of use but the handle could not take the workload and snapper .
not the best but for a b movie it's ok . i got some laughs at how they handle some things
it was ok . not quite my cup of tea . it had its moments , but i prefer a swifter moving book .
this item has many interesting information of foods . very helpful in choosing the correct ingredients for cooking and eating foods .
very good but wish i could get the arm band tighter . falls down easy . but still would recommend . very good product .
the best part of the book was the twist at almost then end of the history . never saw it coming .
i could see coffee ground on the cup when i use the k cup adaptor
this is a good aid to breaking the inertia on getting and staying in shape
no instructions on how to reuse
i was hoping to use this to easily detect new puppy accidents , but it didn't really get the job done .
i loved the book it's something you could just pick up to look up phrases used by psychics .
the ring is very stylish and well made , met with the information in the seller's advertising and with my expectations .
interesting book i would read again . sometimes a bit slow but entertaining just the same . i would recommend as a light read
handle with care since it is a little fragile like your scalp .
it is my current middle of the night read . probably should concentrate with this book more . won't read the next one
too early to rate it . won't have a chance to use it for the first time until the spring comes .
these pads are really working out for us and at a great price .
cute design but the mirror isn't that great to be honest . i wish i'd kept looking before buying this one
was very sad . i just hope was true , if so what was the matter with this world .
a quick read . once christine started her journey , i couldn't wait to see what happened next . i would recommend this book .
its not a horrible vehicle . u just cant lower or move the grader part . other then that its pretty sturdy looking
it is good but not comfortable and i drop it many time in the day
not bad but the price is not high really usefuli wait a couple days to receive but satisfied thanks
expect more of the product in terms of material of the trike and usability , but not bad . it is normal .
not the best i did cheap out on this item spend a little more money for better quality . trust me .
other brands have less dry berries , but if you use them for cooking or soak them in water they're okay .
love the song and adam , but if i had the choice again i wouldn't have went with the live version .
an interesting idea , reasonably well written , but not as good as the dante club , by the same author .
very informative . nice ideas and written easy to read . wish it had more info on what to exactly look for .
seems to be helpful information i will need to read more in order to make a full and complete assessment . thanks
good quality , but it does not wrap the edges of the deviceand i expected a much better fit
it's an ok show , not my favorite but not to terrible . the wife likes it mute than i though !
the game is great , but can you please fix the part when so you can maintain the levels you actually achieve .
too much bling for me , however , i gave it three stars because i did like the back of the case
such as us was pretty good , but the ending just seemed to be thrown in because it needed to end .
i gave for stars , because the item size is real small . i thought it will be much bigger size .
there very dull but they throw nice h h h h h h h h h h h h h
mediocre materials and workmanship , but good enough to carry medium loads and would probably last decently well under moderate ab use .
the buckle was a bit more shiny than i expected but overall a decent belt for the price . jj
this book is not good for kids under . pretty inappropriate and has a few descriptive scenes . pretty good tho .
i don't really feel is or experienced whitening on my face with this mask . but arbutin makes my face looks healthier .
was a lot bigger than i expected and i didn't take it on the plane because it was too bulky .
so far so good . ? one if the better vitamin brands on the market . i will continue to use this brand .
it's a bumper , what more can i say ?
looked kinda cheap
needs editing
on my kindle fire with the volume off it screams the name of the exercise at me . it's really embarrassing .
it takes commitment to get the full use of this app , but it isn't horrible . having it is not needed .
the outlook is ok , but the last button is very loose , can't be buckled , and the quality is not as good as expected !
haven't used it enuf . . . . . l l l , l l , . . . . l , l .
a little darker and smaller than i was expecting , but i still like them .
like several reviewers , i found the bit useful for freehand removal of grout but the attachment is awkward
although the ear peace is not to big like the other model with usb socket i find useful in anyway
product is okay , but a little smaller in size than i would have preferred . wouldn't recommend for a big guy .
i like this and i like the color however it's too flimsy because it comes off the phone too easily
was anticipating a book for a bible study class . this book is more of a self help book for individuals
read this one to my yr old son he liked it but i wish it would've had better pics .
no es del todo malo , pero las mejores canciones de este disco se pueden conseguir en quot los eacute xitos del rey quot .
this book is almost identical to the st book . had i'd known that i wouldn't have bought this book
some gossip is good , but this one has too much gossip . nine words more required . five more words required . one .
really ordered these for my neighbor and she likes them . she said the price was good and that what matters .
not as good as the originals , a little brittle , but at the price point how can you go wrong .
i just received yesterday so ii can't rate it yet
it's a romper . if you are tall , it stretches up on the hoo ha , and that's not cute
the game is cute but takes too long make moneymy seven yr old little boy likes it though
there was a bad spot in the first disk but maybe that's why it was used not new oh well
it's okay . it wasn't quite what i expected , but it is interesting , and it seems worth reading . i will read it all the way .
bad frame lock compare to the liner lock on the g version of the drifter . go with the g version .
i haven't gotten any results yet so i am really waiting to see if this is doing anything or not
not as good as the orginal . the best one in the movie was tika sumpter . the rest of the castwas fair .
this is a really fun app , however the majority of the time it quits in the middle of most races .
tight around the stomach area . maybe include the sizes around the stomach area along with the leg and waist areas .
still don't see a difference but not ready to give up on it yet . thought it came with a book .
overall , it was fun for my child , but gets boring after a few of them . instant gratification in its glory !
only played it once . not too impressed . just something to kill time . pretty pictures , lots of choices for puzzles . okay .
hi quot i m akemi quot i work in tokyo . age . my hobby is watching move , music , tennis , driving ,
storyline was great . needs better grammar . a lot of sentences were missing words or written backwards . also should've been longer .
i washed this sweater once and it became to small , also i followed the washing as the label said too
seems fairly well made , i have used the tool several times and it has performed perfectly . that's all i ask .
this was recommended to me by a friend . i am not finished with it but so far just a
this calendar was okay , but not as entertaining as i had hoped .
only a few songs stand out . fairly pedestrian singer songwriter stuff . nothing new . skip it . six more words required . two more .
installed first player cd unit wasn't working sent it in waiting for replacement to come in . almost a month now
this isn't what i thought it was . i thought it was going to be all gardening ideas . it's mostly house hold ideas .
it's always a pleasure to listen to harry connick , jr . ! i found some of the songs interesting to listen to .
it does the job it was intended to . good scratch resistance and low screen distortion . fit is not quite perfect .
doesn't stick to or connected bottom of the board very well
ok
it's cool , it could have been just a little longer . but i like it , waited to long to receive it .
not as fast as i had though it would be
okay
not quite what i had hoped for but works well
to predictable . you could figure out where this book was heading . there were no twists or turns . good story line .
very simplistic almost summary chapters . no depth of subject matter . all the info is basic preliminary info in most books .
this movie definitely has a moral story but i think it's primarily a children's story . watch it with your kids .
required extensive reworking but now functions well . this is typical of mo st of the moderately priced tools . no other coments .
this is a great gadget to have if you love fresh bagels and very safe . i have enjoyed it .
good , but is hard to pick up if you leave it for a while , so many important characters to remember
it was ok but it was weird and interesting at the same time i need odds gov sees needs adds
this game is not amazing . fruit ninja is way way way way better but other wise this game is great .
its cute but cheaply made i use it for small items like chapstick so i can find it easy . ok
material is very thin , flimsy . don't expect this to last more than one season . i would not buy this again .
good read needed more action needed to finish with fight on ranch unless he is coming back in another tale
i found these cookies to be dry and they have a strange after taste . i would not buy them again .
the book is highlighted , which i do not mind . however the former owner must have been smoking with the book .
it would have been nice if a piece of plastic was included to open case . colors are different than picture .
nothing exceptional about this product not worth the cost . would not recommend it . did not help with my snoring . boohoo
one plug stopped responding . prior to that i was very happy with this product .
there are sometimes glitches in the way the game plays . my daughter loves the game though and plays it often .
its ok it stores gbs but it does not have any string or other easy way to carry it .
its ok , does somewhat the job .
too much detail and not enough need this . do this . quick tips work so much better for most novice photographers .
it would be better if they put the detail explanation in this book not just the a b c answer .
love the color and everything , however the breast lining is too small , i wouldn't recommend to c breasted women
this thing has a lot of really cool sounds , each of which are very customizable . very user friendly .
i suppose it is my fault iichoosed the design . it fits well , but does not look very good . .
being an old hand at visual journals you can actually read , it was rather redundant . it is good for reference .
out if does not work but they only cost a dollar plus so i am ok with them .
it's predictable but fun . sylvestor was his usual self . guess that's why i rented it . arnold was stiffer than usual .
this book gave good info for my dissertation . also , good for your library at work .
normally enjoy this author but this particular story seemed to drag a bit . i think it's still a good series .
not as big as picture
the watch itself is good , but the strap quality is not . we expect it will fail within a few months .
first season was better , got kinda disappointing after that .
i like the game and it works great up to a point but then it freezes and locks the screen .
it's cheap made . big and bulky . not what i was expecting . used the multi meter once and the back stand broke .
not real good with eggs even when using cooking spray on them . but i must say the are perfect for pancakes !
it's not as cuddly as the kitty , bute cute ! i wrapped them as a pair cause they go together .
the case is a little large on the phone
a rather broad brush look at the birds but helpful for someone who's never been in that area before .
this book did not keep my interest . i had a hard time finishing the book . ed mcbain has better books .
this product does not run on vista .
don't like the auto turn off if momentay living vehicle , voice comand is poore , all other features are operating ok .
nothing really new or extraordinary . i bought it when was learning to manage this tablet of mine . pure confusion , sorry .
it was ok chocolate but rocky mountain bars are cheaper and is great chocolate . but i might purchase again . thanks
i should have ordered an eleven oh well live and learn . nothing like fitting before you purchase running shoes online
it looks good but does not provide any protection . would not buy another one like it . not what i wanted .
thong small but top is super cute
interesting and fun . but the inevitability . if only we humans would understand the world as does a fox . enjoyable quick read .
it's a good quality comb . just larger than i really wanted . i should have checked the description better . it still does the job .
i'm not able to adequately review this product since i had problem with my rifle and had to return it .
it is okay . i do not see any result after using this . she still has tear stain under her eyes .
it works , nice to hold , has good weight to it , but i am glad i bought a sharpener with it .
maybe i do not understand how to use it successfully to calendar item and be reminded , it could be me .
price is good but the comfort level is not as high as i expected .
actually there isnt really a need to get a screen protector for this mp player as its already scratch proof
the note iii was not as interesting as i and ii and was not related to the first movies .
the base is impossible to install . the screws are impossible to connect . too much room to reach easily . and very frustraring .
these cables were fine for carrying a v to the tv , but did not support any advanced features e . g . cec , arc
this is the coffee table book . it's a reasonably quick read and discusses all the swiss dogs .
lots of little hooks look like they would do a good job , but not long enough for deep bathtub clog .
it was an okay costume and my son loved it , but i was disappointed at the quality of materials used .
i was hoping to find inspiring meditations . it isn't much different than the many other meditation books on the market .
i loved the christian theme , however , it is written for a younger generation . i do plan to read the follow on .
it's ok but a little bulky . i didn't feel like my phone was protected as well as some other cases .
not much middle to low at all .
these pins work good but if you have a stuburn pin they will bend . the remover tool is the problem .
works fine for me . like the flat handle better than a big knob . it is good for one handed turning
prefect fit to size . great light weight workout shoe for zumba . defenitly will buy another pair . love the color
it was kinda fun at first . but it got really boring after a . while . its an alright game . not the best .
ok
package size is much bigger than it needs to be . wish this product had been included in the starter kit .
it works . for how long remains to be seen . i'm holding my breath as i've already gone through two before .
it was cheeper at walmart but the layout was super cute .
bag is super cute but it is bare minimum . not even enough room to put the charger in with it .
not as nice as i thought it would be for the price , other brands offer better quality , quality has suffered
it is definatly not , , . half the heat of daves ghost sauce , maybe weaker . may be a good dipping sauce
i'm going to return this item .
it's o . k . , not as good as others i've got but allright . i wouldn't buy another . i don't love the way the bangs fall .
very small knife .
enjoyed the premiere . would be interested in seeing more . wonder where the story goes ? it could go many ways .
it was not what i expected . great guitar , no doubt , but not one i can easily just listen to .
this was just ok read nothing to get excited about . i did not like the way the friend were acting
factual , but not much more . a good chronology of bird's life . good details , but a bit of a dry read .
normal use !
not so good .
good package a little short on the extras but they still expanded the story . good buy for any fan
some questions are not well thought out . they did at least give me some ideas to create my own game .
very handy notepad . i always find my self with this kind of dilemmas , very usefull to make a decision quickly
although it's cushiony , when i turned to do a side plank , it tore from my sneaker .
it was the wrong diameter and too big to go in the hole . i ordered more . same thing . still looking .
too much friends singing , not enough natalie grant . it's an ok cd . it simply was not what i expected .
top was way too small . i will be returning . doesn't fit properly . too short . what is the process to return ?
wanted to buy this train for my neighbor who named her son after trevor . it is a retired piece
the only problem with this book is that it is about pages too long .
since i purchased this for my daughter , i gave three stars . she like it and uses it at the gym .
i still like pandora better !
the picture seems better than the reallity , we don't like so much the product . it is hard plastic and big
i kinda like it but it just doesn't have the same ring to it like poo falls and jello jump .
since i bought it i dont have any problem , it replaced the original perfectly , no regreats , no complains . thanks . regards .
even when fully stretched , it didn't fit around my head . and i dont even have a big head .
subject stated well but limited depth . after all , what can one say about borrowing public library books .
its ok . i wish it was a bit more reflective . i got this to walk my dog in the dark .
it's a good one , but not made in usa , .
a good inside picture of the other half , and the softer side of the iron lady .
i like it , but i received a champagne colored one instead of purple as advertised .
yes it's ok but lt lacked the older version dinamic . did not find the older song as a single download .
i cant access to my acount in youtube . that the only thing tha causes problems with the app . hello everybody
just not as fun as i expected . but the money goes to a good cause . so all is well .
bought music instead of movie
defintitely not a book on fundamental shock waves . excellent boorkfor specialists and graduate students
book was ok . fast read . very predictable , typical love story , not horrible though . i doubt i would read it again .
the clip was a good price , but after a few weeks it broke again . they are not very durable .
okay read , i liked it . i wasn't much into the religious mentions , but otherwise a good enough story . sharonda sexxyblogger
it's a little cheap and flimsy , but does the job without issue . not too bad for the price you pay .
it doesn't like inclines very well . on flat surfaces it works and moves my boat perfectly .
not what i would call high quality at all , functional but cheap . would rather have paid more for better quality .
i thought this was the first album with original songs but it was all remakes but was ok for now
love love this product .
the rotary tool itself seems to have been a good purchase , however the attachments are quite disapointing .
not bad , but just a bit flimsy , i'd try to find something better next time , perhaps maybe something more velvety .
i thought these would be a little thicker than trashbags but they are about the same . they are just ok .
i got of them for my babies . rd . birthday it is as described but . very tiny even for a year old .
good servicecase was a lighter shade of purple than pictured but over all very satisfied fast service .
overall well written novel . wasn't spectacular but wasn't bad . the author has a sadistic and quirky way of analogizing things .
but good for storing in the chemicals cabinet with money or small jewelry items . i've unfortunately got sticky fingered friends .
nothing really special , it works and thats what matters !
looks good not very good quality though .
amusing story , but didn't surprise or make me laugh a lot . it entertained me for a while on a plane .
susan boyle is a living example that there is room at the top for success , for everyone
love the bed buddy in and of itself , but can do without the aroma part of this very therapeutic product .
delivery was very good . i ordered of these and one was broke . very disappointed . they were cute , but wish the one wasn't broke .
the quality of sound is sub par and the battery life is limited furthermore is uncomfortable to wear during rigorous activity
good movie but picture quality and size could be better
still ok on batteries and very efficient , but lasts only a few seconds on the human power .
nice christmas cd from micheal . allot of orginal christmas songssung by gospel biggest artist .
it's like it's watered down . it's not like the original . it doesn't last nearly as long as original . should be cheaper .
it works but is not the best headset for voice over pcbut for the money it is working for us
don't see what the big fuss about this is . i prefer old school fabric bibs with a snap in the back .
it was a gift for my husband and i believe he has found it useful and helpful for coaching football
not my kind of music i suppose but this is highly over rated because i find it not so good
since this was a gift i do not know if the giftee has read it or not . can not review .
broke in less than a week . but if your no rough on your gear it works great . may try again .
love the case , but doesn't last long with scuffing and marks on it . colors are not as vibrant in person .
the story was simple and this is a different type of a vampire storyline . the book is easy to read .
these were interesting however more facts would have been better and maybe some elaboration on the facts in the book .
easy to read and learn . provides ammo for a good exchange of ideas . i'd recommend this to new free thinkers .
pretty good read , but very predictable . i read a lot so that is it . recommend to most of my friends .
ok book . my husband liked it . i dont know much about it but he said its close to the movie . we are happy
starting to rust after weeks in pond , and was hard to couple the cage to the recommended pond de icer
haven't really been able to put thios virgin's suggestions to good use yet . i'll let you know when i do .
good because rubbermaid , idea for kitchen , gallon , arrived fastbad because too expensive , color is misleading it's more like tan
these work well but they are pretty cheap . the knife is what i ordered it for and that works well .
it was supposed to be a boxed set . it came as separate books , one was even a large print version .
looks good but made out of cheap plastic . similar laps available at wal mart and target for half t h e price .
this book is fine has a decent story the characters have a flow to them the story line is competent
i always like robin williams stuff . even when his shirt is literally dripping sweat like on here !
quot toys in the attic quot is truly a great release , and worth every penny . rock sound , and crazy vocals .
it was left on in the package and half dead when we got it . other than that it works fine
is very thin , i did imagine a little more big , but is very delicate , almost invisible sometimesthank you a lot
locking tabs did not match well with oem housing . i was able to make it fit . electrical seemed to work ok
i got this for a friend . may consider getting one for myself . the price is ok , wasn't disappointed at all .
it's greatthanks
i have oily skin so these will often detach in the middle of the night , affixing themselves to my face .
there are periods in the middle of book where there is nothing really happening . too many lulls in the story .
brought it for my nephew he like it
it was not as plush as i expected . but it definitely made my bed more comfortable to sleep on . okay .
love it but a little bit small
work good but difficult to fill
ok
it is okay . the battery only lasts for minutes . but it works good for that minutes it's on .
should have gotten the kindle fire still am having a hard time navigating through the pages and ordering e books .
these are your basic gloves . holds up to about degrees , but not for long unfortunately . so , not so satisfied .
this novel is a good one . i enjoyed this book very much but it was not one of the best .
again having to wait a minute whilst in your scalp seems an eternity to me !
i purchase g but after insert to the phone , it only show . g , missing also g . all other work fine .
shield not what i expected . i don't use the shield . case is great though .
mounts and stays on bar great . the bag thing is that your phone will overheat .
pretty good read . definitely a fast read that gets better after you get through the first couple of slow chapters .
grommets do not fit the needle or most machines . they are of very poor quality . would not recommend purchase of these .
this model has been discontinued . latest map update available is which is yrs old . avic u has replaced this model .
it's only a bird bath , and it was reasonably priced , so i am not that concerned with the peeling paint .
some of these recipes i most likely would not try . family would not eat them . they like everyday midwest foods .
this is a neat toy , but it is extremely imbalanced . a very ginger touch is required to demonstrate magnetic levitation .
very dissapointed in this purchase . the colors are faded and the beads all vary in size . will not purchase again .
the dvd played good up until the end . so , i was unable to view how the movie ended . thats it !
guess i'm a bigger ass than i thought . the whole crotch area is snug . guess that just might mean . never mind .
it's ok for storage of info but i wanted it to be able to transfer the info to my computer .
not a good snap in fit . be prepared to work on getting these to stay in . however , comfort is ok .
doesn't work particularly well . the coins have to drop in perfectly in order to have fun with the maze .
its a decent movie good war , young damsel in wait story worth a watch , nice tell of history the end
these do not look zebra printed , merely black and white striped , like regular birthday candles . they lit and burned well .
it doesn't smell the same to me . i think they changed the formula
the book was in excelent condition but the routine would take to long to fit into my day .
nicely written , had some great stories of chad 's experiences in the seals . but not for the hardcore military buffs .
this book was hilarious ! definitely a good short read and had me laughing out loud the whole way through yay !
lara adrian never disappoints her readers . they just keep getting better and better . can wait for the nextbook in august .
not the quality picture i expected
i bought it for school . good tips on how to keep your head above water in art school and beyond .
good except for strong odor coming from plasticcould use a fold out seat on cart to make it more functional
i agree that it is a good game for keeping the kids occupied while having fun . my granddaughter loves it
it's seems to be a good racing game but i have not had time to use it very much yet !
did not like ending left you hanging .
it has some useful information in it but i have found that there are much better books on this subject .
it is the same information from every other book , it is not what i expected to find in this book
high production values but the personal stories were way too cutesy . i had to stop after or episodes .
should have gotten a smaller size . the blazer was nice . had to return due to sizing . this was not expected
great item . packaged very poorly . otherwise it works .
the book is helpful , but i thought there was a disk and it doesn't have one . that's my only complaint .
at least i now have all her stories . it isn't as nice as individual books and kind of unwieldy .
i guess i thought it would be better quality . it's very flimsey the piece at the bottom is already broke
look at fried green tomatoes soundtrack . it was on there
did not get to use product leaked out in box .
i cant decide if it was really bad or good it was just too short to tell umm well yeah
i personally think this is too long , at least for my board but it does stay put which is good .
i seldom use it . other softwares are easier to use .
be sure and understand this is a pocket . very small book . anythings good from the dalai lama .
the bottle is ok . drinking from it is a bit annoying with the lid to the infuser hitting your lips .
pleasant story , well written and good for the teenage set , or anyone who remembers their catcher in the rye years .
this is pretty much a rehash of old material but then , what can one expect ? she didn't leave a journal .
it seemed a bit monotonic in types of songs . or maybe i should have expected that .
good quality , nice sound , but not great . thought the price was a little high . shipping was way too much .
robe gapes open in front . more material would make a luxurious robe . x is really x . four more words , ok !
i used same amount as regular sugar next time will adjust by only using of what recipe ask for .
useful for its purpose i would purchase again , but the thread frayed easily forcing me to discard parts of the thread .
i am still reading this book , but i am finding it to be helpful . has some interesting material in it .
inserts fairly easy but the fat section is to short would like to see it go almost to the end
cable was cheap and did the job , was needing a replacement cable of one that got tour up , perfect replacement
very very shortcant use in nipples at all . maybe a very very very short eyebrow ring ? but not anything else
it is a book with beautiful photographs . recommended for fans of flowers . i got this book as a kindle free
this product looks clean but every time you can see black mud or sand on the bottom of the cup
its a good product for the first aid kit . go look for some in a store , much cheaper and better selection .
but the book was really long and drawn out it made it kinda boring . but the book was still good .
nice top but it is much smaller than the sizing says .
while the fit was good , comfortable , the sole of the shoes are way too smooth . slippery on wood surfaces etc .
only problem i have with it . needed to be sharpened right out of the box .
movie was recommended by a friend , a bit slow starting but enjoyable . learned something i didn't know behind the scenes .
does what it's supposed to do , but the lack of any back light or illumination hinders it .
this cork squares were smaller than i expected . the tabs they sent with the cork squares did not stick well .
lots of great effects as you would expect but some were thrown in that really didn't go anywhere .
this is what we expected . easy to use . does what it says . small enough for your pocket on the slopes .
it works well when the car is not moving but it messes up alot when on the road .
it was just ok . i can't tell you why it was just ok or how you could improve it . sorry
there is a ton of useful information but is very dryly written . this book is best used as a reference .
the shipping package did not have any protection for the product . the create was bent in the center and corner .
there is absolutely nothing wrong with the product , in fact , it's great . the shipping and handling is exhorbitant .
kinda noisy om a small office . takes some getting used to . but i'll survive and live with it for now .
the belt is nice looking , and very sturdy . the buckle , however , is a bit larger than my husband usually likes .
however , i found the sizing is wider than normal . the color is nice , i might try the medium instead .
mmm . i thought the sound of this cape would be more interesting but the sound is not so good !
i found this tough reading , but once into it , fascinating . not my favorite type of book , but interesting and informative .
why do they put radio edited songs on a cd ? other than that it's worth it .
didn't fit right
basic book . other classmates have different books that give a little more in detail on specific diagnosis , assessments and interventions .
i have had saucony sneakers before and loved them , these are not as comfortable as the last pair .
more of the same , but i just have to find out what's happening to all the characters in this series .
nice quality , but fit kind of small . used for an ice show was a nice touch to a christmas costume .
its not easily accessible with most aux cables .
it was a good costume for one use , but can't be worn again because of the poor quality . fair price .
barack was very truthful , objective and honest . truly a kindered spirit and a wonderful person .
i have a previous preamp that is db and it works better that this db . not completely satisfied
my kids will like this game . simple and fun . i wish we could scramble the letters . hints cost too much .
not all the cartridges were full . i got out of that was half full .
good reference book shouldn't be shilled by employees .
these seemed a little dull when opened compared to the picture . but they seem nice . i like brand . okay
it's ok , prefer the other flow like games , not sure why . but it passes the time when waiting for some appointment .
we stayed in portland and it didn't have much detail in the surrounding area so we were a bit disappointed .
the sound quality is descent , if having bass is your only concern , wish it could also adjust the volume .
i ordered a smalls and . it's very very roomy . but i just hope my daughter grows into it .
the lady bugs arrived and they were cute , but they were smaller and shorter than i thought they would be .
es un buen cable pero no sirve para p solo hasta p . por lo que a mi no me funciono .
i should have read more about it before buying it . simply doesnt work for my ipod classic gb .
slow to respond , money doesn't last very long . will be deleting from my kindle and phone to free up memory .
this a good case for me , i liked the way my tablet fits in it . i would recommend this case .
would have liked the daughter addressed more in depth and more consistently throughout the story , but enjoyed it otherwise . a
its best to buy a size larger because the shoe is cut small .
its ok phone fits nicely in pouch .
it was okay timothy hutton should have been in it more but it was okay and i enjoyed it thanks
a bit disappointed as i need to keep the velcro quite loose .
good quality item , a little heavier than expected but all in all a great deal . perfect for those outdoor adventures !
the story was ok just getting out of prison and come back to the streets to do the same thing .
given as a gift i id not watch it , but the movie was loved by those who received it .
using these for cleaning . not teeth
the color is brighter than i thought but this table is very steady .
great prop for halloween .
fit good and looks good also . i like th red color . it was verty easy to put on the phone .
ctrl ctrl b enter no more beepwish i could change the hotkey to something besides ctrl , tho . like numlock . anyone know how ?
the straight side is a little too thick and long . may be quite annoying behind your tv if it's hanging
not very interesting .
pretty nice story . very sexual in content which i enjoyed . cannot wait to read the next book in the series .
okay set up and ui but you can't change from weekly to monthly or biweekly . needs more
this must be laced up from the back , otherwise clips don't come together in front . it is smaller than expected
i could've saved bucks if i bought it on the main website . it should match the price like squaretrade . com .
i thought this book was a let down for sb and very predictable
item received was just as described received in a timely manner .
can't say much about this movie . i didn't watch it with my husband .
has two popular cuts that are good road trip tunes . other than that typical dttb . e club music , repetitive unimaginative .
this movie is the same as the other one i bought so i now have two of the same thing
estimated , buy article last week but customs asking me the certificate of origin , can you send it to me . thank you .
i played it until i completed the levels and got bored with it . it's good for the kids , it's fun
two legends pitted against each other from different worlds , great
no rah rah's here . this handy little case was purchased for my navigation system that i no longer use anymore .
have not read
if you don't use it quickly gets rusty and you have to clean the bb's before load your gun .
works pretty good . my daughter said it doesn't light up the entire page , but other than that it works great .
i bought the wrong version . you must notice that this is a stl version
kind of expensive for just one hanger , but they are heavy duty ! the will hold a long winter coat well .
case is great but camo is rubbing off
fit the pt but comes lose in the socket with vibrtion over time . needs to come with mounting velcro .
fun to watch . like the modern family of politics . i hope the characters develop even more in the next season .
didn't work on my motorola razr , but worked on my nexus . for the price , not worth sending back . oh well .
very flimsy not sturdy at all ! needle often collapsed when trying to dispose properly . will not purchase this brand again !
nocomment
kind of slow moving kept thinking they would tie the murderstogether i liked the retired sheriff he was best part
there are many different parts to the story . it good . loved the men and women finding love with each other
book was entertaining , but a tad bit anti climatic .
i didn't anticipate it being so thin but , it's ok . would recommend for warmer climates . very cute though , not bad
entertaining , but leaves you hanging at the end . i would recommend it . the acting was good , the story , just so so .
was nice while it worked but laptop quit working and bought a new one for final semester of my collegr
it's okay i guess . i like using the regular instagram better because the regular instagram let's you edit your profile .
product itself is good , but its a smaller bottle than i thought i was getting . compare the ounces to alternatives
i am not a movie critic . i did enjoy seeing two actors i grow up watching . back on the big screen .
ok for storage but nothing i would travel with . you get what you pay for . i am okay with it .
v ery thin plastic plates , break to easy . color is nice though and will be great for our neon party !
i saw this many years ago on hbo , its a very funny movie ! a little silly but still funny
great idea , but doesn't work all the time , keeps getting stuck in one spot and the hose connection is backwards .
the usb drive is very loose and can get loss if not careful but my wife loves it tho
i was very disappointed with this phone . the other phones still work perfectly after about a year and a half .
not as good as i expected good cast robert patrick lance henrickson yo yo come on yo more words . ah
no problems with seller . book was not adequate . needed for th grade , more useful for kindergarten level .
unfortunatley the product was old , and had a moldy smell to it . usable . . . . . . . .
gentle for sensitive skin . ingredients are not on my good list . i will use it till i find something better .
i read this book because it was free . it was ok and kept me interested but again it was free
i expected more illustrations and specific instructions for plant species . perhaps rereading certain topics will clarift procedures . time will tell .
overkill , i would just stick with the brs or your class lecture notes or first aid for finals reviewing purposes .
pretty decent piece of equipment , flashes every now and then . pretty easy to use , satisfied overall . i would recommend it .
nice bag
a grab bag of precalc topics . makes a good refresher , but not a good intro .
it was totally a rip off . i could not stand the horns screaming up and down and all that stuff .
smaller than expected
nothing really surprising , becomes a little bit boring , but the last sentence makes you want to read the next book
it is a great game but it is so hard . it's like the impossible game . also its a bit pricey .
the book was shipped fast , but it came with a strong smokey odor . other than that , it was as described .
was very stiff not soft and way too small . i didn't try to return it yet
sad and erotic youth coming of age film , i enjoyed it .
i am cm lbs but it too large for me
story line was very slow , put it down more time then i can count , most likely wouldn't read another sisterhood
delivery time was good price fair but the sound quality is low volume fo some reason
granddaughter downloaded it and seemed to like it . she is yrs old and was visiting me for the week .
still reading it , but it's giving me insights on the different ideas that christianity is based upon . it's very interesting .
great if you're tall . needs to be more adjustable for height . description should clearly state not for short people .
looks like photo , runs small .
we bought it for aour year old grandson . it was not appropriate . we like shopping on amazon . com . thank you . l
it hatched in day and a good size my grand son loves it , wants more to play with ty
it started very slow for me , but improved as i continued to read . i would recommend it to a friend .
i expected dice not beads with a hole
my son likes this
these don't stay put the suction cups don't hold . i used one for a while , and it was adequate .
i don't really mean i hate it but after paying for it , couldn't get it to download . love the show !
i really don't see a difference from the battery that originally came with the phone . i would not recommend it .
hard to believe this still happens today . terrible thing .
it's ok but not the choices of other mahjong games . keeps you occupied though . works well on kindle . good luck
good
need household items to make many of the formula's in the kit . directions are easy to read for my son .
it worked great when i first got it but about a month later it started getting loose in the phone .
it looked nice but didn't fit the tablet so we don't know what to do with it ? thank you anyway
the staging in ths film is amazing . it's not as dated as you might think . definitely an enjoyable viewing experience .
we prefer the piano sonatas of haydn to the similar , heavier , less melodic music of beethoven .
a little tight in the toes .
lovely watch and wear's well . keep's very accurate time . only issue is the band scratched too easily under normal use .
thanks anyway . my phone was having problems and i thought a new battery would help , but it didn't . thanks again .
nice skirt but too tight . i am normally a medium . good if you like a clingy skirt . i returned it .
it's a ok book . writing too stilted like he's not comfortable with writing . did enjoy the book read more
the cultural aspect of the novel was delightful . the actual mystery was not that great in my opinion . so so .
insulates well for the first minutes , then cup starts to sweat or heat can be felt through cup .
okay .
it was okay . felt like something you may find on the scifi channel .
this book is helpful in getting ideas for marketing with qr codes and has some nice resources for manufacturing codes .
i just got my socks today and one of them had factory defect light grey had a run in it .
it's okay
difficult to put on . can not be carried on your person while paddling . possibly more trouble than it's worth .
looks good . but not comfortable to wear for a long time
i love ak shoes . this pair wasn't true to size .
i was anticipating coffee caramel similar to caf eacute escapes and product was not as good
i was actually looking for a fingernail brush when i bought this , but this is a nice and sturdy brush .
a review turned request for a second , illustrated edition of this otherwise fine book .
difficult to attach to pedometer . appears to be working correctly after a very frustrating assemble . would recommend to friends in the future .
great price . just as attractive in person as on the computer screen . i look forward to wearing them this summer .
this planner has fewer views extra pages like a previous calendar , but it will work well for my needs
it is a visually pleasing app and widget . however , it is never accurate . usually off by approximately degrees off .
i got what i paid for , you can tell that it was used but it is ok .
great ideals and new dishes . will try it for my self . and shstes with my family and friends to come join
they're wonderful to sleep in . so far so good . can't vouch for months from now , they may get prickly .
not impressed , i liked the old version . i would really like to download the old version if that is possible .
this was a pretty good book . different twists and turns , so kept me reading . would try more from this author .
would have been nice to have a liner for the interior and the ear covering .
feels sloppier around my foot than the earlier model . hopefully with time it will conform . why mess with something good ?
to unlock the next level i was forced to leave a comment . i like the game except for the ads .
the story line was good but skipped around a bit . i learned a lot of things about bob ! good read .
it a calcium supplement that is recommended by by my wife's doctor what more can i say . it just worls .
at this point , it is not an improvement to my iron . hopefully , it will help out in difficult conditions .
i would have liked some of the story lines expanded a little bit , i felt let down by the ending .
very different than what i have expected . somewhat large . i would go for timber land or sperry's instead of polo .
free is a great price for this . it really works as it says . will increase memory , at the very least .
it shows the maps ok but it has these ugly bars underneath . besides it does not rotate to landscape view .
the pants would have been great had they fit . i returned them for another size . hopefully the next pair fit .
wonderful to be able to have a long enough cord so that i can move my living room furniture around .
good product and it works . smells a little funky . not too much like lavender . otherwise , no too bad and no alluminum
the content is fine , but the package is odd . a flimsy cover , and contains no identifying marks publisher , introduction , etc . .
not carl hiaasens best work , but with a good of characters its funny
kind of dorky because it sits so high on your head . it is built for safety though . it looks good .
i don't know about the unbreakable part , got and one broke already
well written part three , keeps you turning pages , but lags in spots .
the were very big and if smaller perhaps they would have been a great buy just ran very large .
interesting was hard to keep people straight . didn't like the way written . two stories at once . book club choice .
good value . holding up well after months of use . a nice fit for the look of our present bathroom .
it is an unusual concept and i found it thought provoking . a good book for discussion at a book club .
empieza bien , ag iacute l y con una historia que te engancha , pero el final se hace muy largo y muy predecible
this necklace had no guarantee card . i don't recommend to you . and this is too thin but i decided to use it .
rip jack seward . this book is useful for beginners , although it doesn't include much hiragana and is rather antiquated today .
one of the two phones worked perfectly , and one failed after three weeks , and i had to get replacement batteries .
very , very pretty imagery and prose , and almost very interesting , but doesn't quite hold you until the end . overall enjoyable .
such hurry so danger many deaths wow wow so icy very escape wow wow wow many shivers cold doge wow
it seems a little flimsy . i also don't know why the back adjusters don't lock . that's just a little weird .
the book's spine was damaged and the packaging was destroyed . i was not pleased at all what so ever .
bought it for a year old but suspect pictures are too scary . will save it awhile before presenting it .
for those who enjoy amanda quick regency novels , this is a good one , which i recommend .
need to order sizes bigger this runs very small for the sizes given but the detail is very nice
i really like scramble with friends but i never purchased this . but it seems like it would be useful haha
so so rmwj rjfjs dhtdlek .
it's nice could of been a little bit better but he dropping jewels though the science i like to hear
it is what it says . firm . not comfortable for an extended sitting . it is fine for use in the transport chair .
it is not quite the material i expected . it's all rubber . i thought there would be something sturdier about it .
this potholders are scratchy , stiff , and thin . but they are also inexpensive . depending on your needs they might be perfect !
this is a sweet story of encouragement for small writers and reminds us all that stories are all around us .
one could learn quite a bit about electronics in their own time with this outstanding app easy to do lessons
it just scans your finger and really when i am mad it ssys hqppy it is a waste of money
i haven't had much need for this particular program , but it's been ok the few times i have used it .
it is an interstate branded battery but it works fine so far , by the way love the maglite rechargeable flashlight
not enough variety . more creativity and time should be given to research truly anointed praise and worship music . needs improvement .
this is a cute book , but i think my son would have liked it better if it was in color .
what else do you get a little girl who loves elmo for her nd birthday ? she absolutely loved it .
i tried it , it was ok had better had worse . i only played it once cause once is all i need .
i expected more from shameek with this book , and the editing was horrible . but overall it was an ok read .
it is not practical to clip into the car . should look for other car clip . would not buy it again
horizontal is not my style , i thought it would be but it was not . for smaller women , and younger ones
i'm not sure if i ordered the right tool . i have a shimano hyperglide cassette . the fit is extremely tight .
its an okay read , it drags out a bit and is not as thrilling as some of his other books .
its like feet long . who has a desk that short ? aside from that it works great . orange monkey eagle .
i have ibs and this didn't seem to help that at all . i think it is more for stomach problems .
the boook that i bought is in good condition . thanks !
the size was bit smaller than i expected . the quality was ok . this is great for wearing around the house .
not what i thought it was . it has just a tiny green yellow dot . no cross hairs . no magnification . oh well
that gave me a soared even though i knew it was coming . it would've gotten if it acctully worked
great service , easy to unstick the valves but unfortunately my second hose doesn't fit so kind of pointless to use .
it's clumsy and too small an area for large fingers to turn a coin , when placed in the view area .
disappointed cotton , poly was not as advertised at cotton , however , content better than other things i saw
the item was exactly as described , the delivery was slow for my impatient personality . overall good .
difficult to connect . not that at all friendly if it does not connect automatically .
held interest starsvery good writer who can keep you reading to the end and want more you want it to last .
not bad , performs as advertises . not too fancy , and a great product when you travel with a lot of accessories .
it's a nice phone has great features but doesn't have the power to pull it off , it needs more memory
game is like . way to over the top , mr . bay must had made this game . was way better .
very convenient . the shine looks good initially but after it dries , it's not quite as glossy as i would like .
its okay . you have to consistently keep taking it to see better results , as well as eating a good diet .
good shirt and i love charmed but not worth paying which includes shipping .
this is really a challenge . it is like a combination of a jigsaw puzzle and a sudoku puzzle .
it was good but the stage version is better . most of the actors were good . i would recommend watching it .
usually holds on to seat , looks good . have purchased other types , this is a better choice . hope they last
it took days for ventev to get from ordering into my hands from ordering , but it works as advertised .
it's too short for the hose of the machine . it doesn't cover the whole hose so some parts get cold .
too big wrong kind very flexible an sturdy came early great product
a bit too short finished in less than three hours . enjoyed the story line puzzles were somewhat easy .
i really like the thinkness of the matt , but i thought it would be longer .
the button on the lid to keeping the air pressure sealed can easily release the lock . careful .
i find it very difficult to win a game and i thought i knew how to play it fairly well
my shampoo was more runny than normal like it was old or watered down or something . conditioner was normal .
i just don't get this game . little kids love it but i don't . different strokes for differnt folks .
fantastic ending . unique storyline . great acting ability . it just moved a little slow . all in all , a hit .
not really satisfied . replacement battery doesn't last for long time . it charges quickly and also discharges with in short time !
was an okay story but not easy to finish as it was pretty predictable . wouldn't want to recommend to anyone
beautiful piece however the stone colors were not as bright or vibrant as shown or expected . it's a beautiful gift
i ordered this specific item because of the reviews . after using it , i don't see any advantage for the price .
i think that the sony ericcson stereo headset works like a charm i love it for when i am driving
its working great but the its not made right for on the battery . for the polaris jet ski .
looks good , it isn't easy to get in and out of it . but it is made well
does not fit the best . looks cool though !
small pad and have a little trouble moving mouse across rapidly when playing timed games on pc .
just an ok book . i don't think i would recommend it to anyone . very slow story line and sorta hokey !
fruit ninja is just another tablet based game . it's okay to pass the time until another generic game comes along .
it looks silver like in the picture but actually has the look of brass . also , it came to me broken .
its great toy but my dog with is a corgi pit bull mix destroyed it in less then weeks .
great scale other then its a little touchy at times for people who don't hold their balance quite well .
i finish the game right a way . i does not have enought levels . it needs more puzzles to figure out .
it is big package ! but great picture to use on my kids room , as a wall decoration , my daughter love it !
well made bow . bad paint job .
we have another game like this its more fun than this one but its ok hard to stay interested in .
this charger was working fine , but my tablet broke a while after , so i didnt really get much expirience for it
this last book was kind of weird
cute stories , though pretty standard fare for yaoi . a good , short read . light on the sex scenes . three more words .
very cheesy and poorly done . kids today really are moved by graphics and animation that hat is much better quality .
dont stand so well but serves the purpose , does shut off tab when closed seems durable enough , overall not bad
it only has one solid dark color , not all three as pictured .
didn't work well for what my intent was , but i'm sure i'll use it for other things .
good quick guide missing a bit more research and detail in functionalitygood as a start package guide . that's it
the picture is orange but mine came as yellow too much trouble to return . i will give them to good will .
the quality isn't something that you a kid could wear outside the cold weather for a long period of time .
this wider gate has a different latch than the smaller one and is not as easy to install and operate .
it was broken . i can still use it but it was broken . i just have to twist it carefully .
is it real or a placebo it does not work as advertised or promised . i think it is a placebo .
three very erotic and sensual stories but not much room for character or plot development .
keeps my motorcycle clean from dust
only finishing the st book , but so far i'm a little disappointed . maybethat will change .
this book has good info but the way its written makes it so drawn out , however she has great research .
i love brand . but not this bra . too tight . i'm a d and this was too tight . bummer .
slow starting but it gets better a different kind of who dun it
not what i expected .
exact replacement . low quality but you really have no other option .
i like the product however it by no means fits a samsung s a mini yes but nothing bigger .
it fits inch dolls well but the jacket and hat look cheap . the stockings are hard to put on .
x mas gift ! loved it !
pretty interesting ideas
quite a good story but not up to nelson demille's usual standard . i enjoyed it but found it too short .
look better in the photo . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
easy read not a great story line . one of those books i only read if i didnt have another book .
not the best tasting de caf tea , but it's ok . very good price , lasts a long time , and brews well enough .
it's good for british entertainment . although i love all of the law order series , this is my least favorite .
loved the price again but when it arrived top seemed a little small and the bottoms the right size ok
the clasp wears out quickly , the colors are awesome
i didn't like the choice of music as much as i did on my first celtic thunder cd purchases .
very low cost . serviceable . slightly larger than the lg phone , but is easier to remove phone .
it is hard but it is fun go away you to me eat you hi mommy u say my nam
didn't like much !
was well made but color is far different from picture
i love yanni's music but they put opera words to all his old music . opera is not really my interest .
the actual color is a blue not as pictured at all . it's pretty , i haven't worn it yet on myself .
ok product easy to use but is worth the six dollars i payed for broke after a month of use
ordered after reading reviews , glad i did ! . only works the other won't allow u to change stations .
it is a little better than the older model we had . it's worth is for the money paid for it .
does not work with ipad
wasn't impressed with this item . sold it to a neighbor that loves it !
the price was great but it only lasted about year .
i expected more when it comes to blu ray , but it sure is one of the best performance of steve vai .
the movie wasnt bad but could have been better . if you like indi films then you will really enjoy this flic .
not their best
good product , but to tight it broke within days but i love it . but i'm searching for a new one .
hooray . it grinds just as it should . but it cannot make a cup of coffee . you can live with that .
they're smaller than i thought they would be , and the flavor is very mild the gum is much better !
nice to walk and listen to , nice steady beats and the music is pleasant . just what i was looking for .
it is fine , the power is not strong as i expect . but with the price , it is acceptable . it somewhat help !
was a fairly good read . kept you turning the pages . needed a little more intrigue , but not the worst book i've read .
i hoped it's about e learning , but it is more about online community learning . not bad but not good either . !
st coffee i bought online and didnt have the flavor that i liked but co workers loved it . thanks a ton .
fun and light listening ! i enjoyed it but not sure everyone else would . british in a lighthearted , nonesoteric , amusing way .
wish there was more detail about daily life in the mansion . storyline is interesting though . also , it seemed too short .
after i purchased this book , it appeared to be an instructor's manual . be careful when you purchase this edition .
not what i expected , but although i haven't used it yet , it looks like it will work .
really unique coffee mug , however there is no way to drink from it without removing the top ! very very cumbersome !
this book was good but not up there with the greats . hopefully movie will be better . i was expecting more .
pretty good for the price . the quick change bits are not that stable .
they are slightly small but still fit ok . they are cute . not worth returning , fit well enough . great for work .
few scratches . but otherwise . great deal .
not worth purchasing
i didn't realize it was only recipes . that's a bit disappointing . but most look good . four more words required .
will read more from her . everything a good story needs was in here . four and a half stars from me .
i got turtles instead . cute , but not the bunnies i ordered as as stocking stuffer . maybe i'll order next year .
price is right , ok usb . cable
much smaller than i expected but considering the price i should have expected that . it works but it's just ok .
the baton is a depenable defense tool it's a very good vaule for the price !
the case itself is ok , the rest is junk . watch the shipping on it , it is outrageous .
it freezes alot but thats what you get for a bucks i guessjjhffddergtre fgfgf erf rr rrffdd
keeps water cold for a long time , but i think i can taste the metal
actually , this is quite fast speed and i think would work better if it was geared lower .
this light is okay it's not worth the money way too much kind of sad that they claim it's bright
there isn't too much more to say about it .
the fan is nice but the colors were faded and not bright as shown in picture . i would not reorder .
fun but very hard game
still working on this . not seeing results as i expected . giving it a chance .
i was hoping i could find replacement leads but no such luck . just more useless plastic when leads run out
i enjoyed reading your book . very engaging and realistic . would love see this book as a made for television movie .
it worked well but i didn't like the feel of the key board . it feels cheap .
sizes appear to be juniors
lots of twists and turns and misdirection but becomes somewhat predictable in the end . great as a relativly quick read .
kinda cheezy . but it will get ths job done till it disentigrates from the sun and general exposure . cheap price .
the ending is a real let down after a great beginning
cute , but not what i expected . i gave them to my young daughter . for the price , i was expecting more .
hermoso conjunto , enviaron lo que se solicito se encuentra en buen estado y estoy complacida con la compra que realice
i didn't realise how small this was ! ok for a very small kitten but no good for an adult cat ,
nothing special , but is functional as a screen protector , and does appear to be anti glaredoes what it claims to do .
it's fun but you have to buy the full version i haven't bought it but it's so far pretty good
it broke and got everywhere . no clue how it broke . may have been temperature or being crushed . i don't know .
it's ok just dislike the fact you have to wait so long for money . and for things to be delivered
rough metal edges but works
the color was ok , but the fit was not as expected , after washing the fit changed and they became short .
he had a lot to learn about acting during his early carreer . the movie also really stretched to fill time .
detangles , but does nothing for static . if you are looking for volume , it does do that , but static still remains
wire too thindoes its job , but it's easier for me to use a good bread knife and a steady hand .
my grand son loves this arena . it makes playing with the bakugan pieces even more fun .
the series was not awful , but they were not very original .
its ok . but not what as i expected
i expected better quality . some pages were missing , also some maps were missing . did anyone proof read this book ? bye !
pretty case . functional . did not get the wrist strap , it should not be advertised . works well with the phone . okay
good case , cheap screen protector thin type for htc one . screen protector can be scratched with in months of time .
they're pretty small for me , i'm . fit me . the variation was great and they all feel fine not itchy
it was okay . kind of fun . but probably won't play it a whole lot . just not to my liking . sorry
there are only two songs in this particular cd that i really enjoy . overall , i just love young's voice though .
very slow moving , but sweet story about a girl and her grandpa . i watched it because i know the dog .
i used betters book to help writhing . but for the price i can see some value in this particular book .
loose connection when plugged in my phone . works if you wiggle it around .
i dont know when the period is up , need to fix that feature for a better product , to be competitive with others
how many different teenage romances with subsequent heartbreaks can you squeeze into once season ? first season was much more interesting .
interesting to try , but i discovered i like the dark and extra dark truffles and not the coffee chocolate ones .
nice quality and easy to install ! great looking finish with quality machined tolerances ! much sturdier than similarly priced scope mounts !
i like this book and watch every show made from it , awaiting the return of the show and another book .
i thought the sound quality was rather poor . it is hard to understand what they are saying half the time ,
these headphones are ok . i like the way they fold up but they do not have a noise cancellation feature .
looks just like the original , just smaller , and newer . it came in a box , so that was cool . two boxes .
whoppie beats out the establishment . strong female characters . breaking through the glass ceiling .
it sharpens but not very well
it does not work as fastdoes not always as promise so do believe it promises . so be aware . bye
thank god it did not have more chapters or i would have went to sleep . i am disappointed . expected better .
it works but i have no luck in getting the carbonation volume near adequate for anything other than immediate consumption .
it's not as great as other products i have use and that have cost much less money .
ok , funny .
some pages came folded at the corner . when unfolded , the pages remain bigger than the book cover . not very nice
i tried this one and others and ended up liking color note notepad the best . it was ok though
nice smell to it , but they are quite weak . others are stronger smelling which i prefer . i wont get again .
it works fine for twisting wire but you need alot of strength to be able to lock and unlock it .
plot ok but seems to use formulas from previous books
we are actually using these on fish nets to hold them up in the water . working well for the project
it was good , but not as funny as i thought i would be . it has a couple of funny parts .
told my best friend some of these and he fell over laughing it's funny i would definitely read it again
one sided print . i thought the towels were two sided . they were vibrant on one side and bland on the reverse .
i love pranks but when i brought this it was good but not to good it wasn't what i expected
i would have liked it to be better quality . the picture is deceiving , but it hasnt ripped on me . .
order a little larger if you portly like me check out the sizing was still a little tighter than expected
very good settings but the plot was too predictable with little nuancing . the characters were too stereotyped superficially drawn
don't care much for the shirring detail around the neckline . seems too poufy . as a back up suit , it will do .
the book was good . wished it had more about her life as a justice . hopefully she will write another . thanks
i really prefer the bali fusion which they apparently don't make anymore and would recommend the bali x over these .
very nice case . good fit grip . however , the universal dock adapter advertised was not included .
unusual characters who seem to do inexplicable actions . a fun read , but rather odd characters and occupations and emotions . a
the lights in the rope light are not very bright . i would have preferred them too be a lot brighter .
cleans ok but wipes are not very moist at all would not buy again looks the same as baby wipes
you will lose this . way too small .
service as ok .
just o . k . very , very basic . thought it would go into just a little more detail .
does not have the expanded waist . i can live without but expected it like all the other haggars i have .
the book is rather dry and i would definitely recommend the richards morse book .
coffee was bitter . prefer other brands i have usedtullys regular brewed in a local supermarket wasa better choice .
works fine for practicing when you want some amplification , but not too loud in your home
this doen't clean your skin as well as i had thought . it also makes your vision blurry for a bit .
purchase , but i still use the new me , i think a good product .
its ok
it is bulkier than the original , but works fine . it charges the camcorder that is the important part , right ?
it was cute and fun for a while but then the ears head broke after the first week or so
it was a gift to someone
decent value , but the cords are super thin .
not worth the cost ! won't cut nails which is the one thing it should do .
a little underwhelmed . after all the hype surrounding the book . not that much depth to story but beautifully written
just as described but would recemmend that the elastic straps be a littlestronger other than that the covers are awesome !
comfortable but straps tend to loosen easily . a replacement of the upper straps and these are a five star rating
i do not like the consistency . looks to me like it has been diluted and smell is not that strong .
pretty good game . hard leevels at times . easy at others . but a very addicting gamein the long run . so ye
this was not really what i was looking for but the book is interesting anyway . thanks
tabs on the front of the sole peel back in a matter of months i would not buy them again
most stories are about three somes . great if thats your sort of thing . just ok otherwise .
smaller than i thought , but gets the job done
this book could be great if it had a cd with it .
okay story line and it did keep my year old grandson's attention most of the time . animation just average quality .
maybe i didn't read the product description well , but this is a big damn thermometer ! it is fit for purpose
i really wanted to use the washable ones but i always leak through them . disposable it will have to be !
for a quick mounting to protect a piece till you can afford to have it properly framed , this is fine .
they don't seem to do as much as some of the cloths i have bought at a jewelers counter .
i was expecting it to smell like cannabis but instead it smells like coulonge it still smells pretty good though
, ? i don't think so . the lcd screen is much too small so it's difficult to keep a child's interest .
we have only watched the first two episodes , but so far we are impressed . we hope it really catches us .
it is just a simple toy for pretend play . nothing exciting and exactly what it says and you pay for !
the clip on the headset only lasted a week before it broke off .
not very good i tried other stuff that i liked but not this will not buy ever again .
i think its very fun at the start but gets boring also he gets get hungreey and tiers very easy
but the clasp broke soon after i purchased it .
not even close to the quality of their album writer's block , but probably ok for huge pbj fans .
love morgan freeman , but somehow this was easy to figure out . kiss the girls was better . i've seen better
good time passer . you match words from the left hand list to words in the right hand list . weather meteorology . dog house . it's okay
this is an okay flick with a nice ending , but probably nothing i'm going to remember a year from now .
you get what you pay for . charger did not last long
i thought there were two here but it is only one . it looks better in the picture too .
the purchase was for my brother . he received it in good time andwas pleased .
i was not impressed by disc one containing outtakes and non published originals . however , the disc interview was illuminating .
fine cards , a little priceynice , but bicycle arch angels are just as nice maybe better for much lesstoo expensive
too easy , love this game on pogo games but there is no real challenge here . should graduate levels a little .
it works out great . but , if it can have a calender somewhere , that would be greater
how is the recipient supposed to know who sent it if the note card is not with the gift card ? !
i did't realize and it wasn't in the description that it was a book club edition .
the color is a brighter blue than shown in the picture . also , these run longer than the length advertises .
i gave this book to my son for christmas . he has not informed me of its value in gardening advice .
this is a handy item to add space under an existing shelf , but it is only good for lightweight items .
this is a funny , crazy book to read . predictable villain and outcome . it's a nice light , love story .
honestly some parts were predictable , yet it kept my interest and i finished it the same day i started it .
not so good not so bad . just ok , magnet could be better . darts slides down when thrown from a distance .
nice phone
i usually don't listen to rock , but i really like this cd . i highly recommend it .
cable works correctly , not happy with durability .
the zipper works alittle hard , i would not purchase again the case that came with it was more convenient
more of a biology book . i was looking for a coffee table book
i already had many of these songs on other cd's . not as good as his other cd's .
good advice but nothing we didn't already know about after having been to disney world in the last two years .
this appt was okay . lost interest after using it for awhile . i have had other appts that are more fun .
it was a good book but it was missing something . i think it's just a great , fun book to read .
i think this was backordered when i ordered it . so i received it later than i hoped .
clogs fit fine but the liner disconnected from the shoes after one week of wear . they are very very warm .
good actuation but had to add larger piece of plywood to wall to distribute load well
great for the price . gave as gifts for summer deck parties . well received .
it is a decent color , but would have looked better with a larger size stone . good for a smaller ear
it's ok but the book is of average writing skills .
one of the wand attachments arrived broken but as it was a time sensitive gift we will deal without it .
read the instructions fully before applying . hou will want the applicator card to keep air bubbles out of the product .
enjoyed the book as a quick fluff read . i read the book in a day in between my book club books .
i found it quite wordy . i would have enjoyed it more if condensed a bit . a little too much information .
am a died in the wool horror movie person . i was all excited about seeing thisand hoped for more .
if not for loki , i would have given it one star . please , no more thor movies . this is getting lame .
overall good read . a little cheesy at times . but the ending had me not wanting to put the book down !
the microphone and filter is great the headphones are horrible broke in the first days
great item
when i got it the inner box was crushed , but the rack was ok . esay to put the parts togather .
enjoying the concept , but the story line connections are rather fragile . more words three times to finish the quota .
. would have liked a more inexpensive item . can obtain them at a more inexpensive price seasonally . beginning of school year . richard clark
radios were good on a cruise , but horrible in the big city , maybe only a block radius
is this song on this cd ? does anyone know what song i'm referring to ?
this works pretty well but it is slow . still glad i got it .
it works . keypad is soft and squishy . it doesn't feel like it will last longer than one or two years .
if there is a hell , this story will be it's only reading materal . can you say , convaluted , boring , droll , balderdash .
awkward
it was entertaining to an extent . but no state would allow the kkk to run wild . it wasn't believable . in that area .
different essays about christianity , including evolution , the efficacy of prayer , and more .
outfit seems a little uncomfortable and the upper seem started coming undone . otherwise it is great looking and reasonably priced
it works with some modification . trimming of the edges corner is neccessary for it to fit perfectly .
beautiful . i love the way these combs look but they just don't hold my hair or stay in very well .
it would be great for children , but i enjoyed several other antimated films better . i enjoyed cars and rio better
i wear a dive . . these were small length and width wise . order a size up . they are cute though .
did not work for me . used it for a month . i have gotten more from the south beach diet . nyet .
this little sculpture looks ok . it's a bit on the cartoonish side but decent enough . very mediocre coloring and design . stars .
these are ok hdmi cables however they are not what is picture . the insertion piece has a bulkier plastic cover .
good for beginners , lightweight and cheaper materials . probably better off getting something a little more expensive then this cheapest version .
if you are good at noodling out from pictures how to do things , it's ok . very few instructions are included .
it works well but you need to be exactly in front of the usb dongle . good for its price . thanks
good quantity for the price . unfortunately a little on the stale side . my kids didn't care , they ate them anyway .
awesome case the only thing the black stripes peel off . other than that happening i guess it's a good case . that's it
overall it is good . the hand strap is not that useful i guess . it need a change in its position .
this is a cute greatest hits collection . it goes along with the video of them live in concert .
i will find out in three months , i'm still using an original filter came with the pur water filtration system .
works well , but you definitely need upper body strength
so so !
this is a good bag for taking a few things back and forth to the gym .
material and charms are thin . but i like the style .
it was okay because it was hard to control . i think you should just stick with the computer for now .
i wish i would have went with a different clasp . this is pretty hard to do one handed .
i gave these to a friend and she loved them . arrived quickly . good deal . haven't had any issues with them .
i have'nt noticed any thing different yet . maybe too soon to tell . i will give it more time to work .
gives a few tips here and there . not complete waster but not overly helpful .
a little complicated for a young beginner . lots of cool features if you can figure them out . prefer simpler app
there were some pure subjective comments by the author . overall , i recommend reading if interested in the ' s . .
yes sony still has this adapter in stock for . !
not as helpful as i expected . too much info and title should spell out what particular coolpix s it describes .
the recipes for the laundry soap is easy enough . i have a similar one . i just wish there were more .
not as ravishing as i hoped . not as ravishing as i hoped . not as ravishing as i hoped . not a
quick read , like most short stories not enough depth to get involved . enjoyed the read , just to short to remember later
i purchased this for my husband . he likes it . i only care for a couple of songs on the cd .
shoe has a strange fit . feels like it's going to fall off . not good in a dance shoe . very uncomfortable .
the cd is awesome but the cd case is broke so my year old is gonna be very upset
i don't really like this book . it's orginization seems diffuse and its hard to look up basic information .
this is part of the fishdom series that i liked i think there are several out there to play ok
it was a fun read nice to have three stories connected together i like to read these kinds books .
the game is fun . enjoy playing it by myself .
great product to improve the skinreasonable price with good effectdef rec t other ppl for sure indeed man
it was alright . i've read more interesting books but there were definately some odd and unusual tales in this one .
is cute and nice .
nicely done bible study . quite enjoyed ! this was a different way for me to study but it was convenient idea .
loved the book , and my kindle . delivered instantly . no more going to the library . looking for more from this author
this kit is about what you would expect . nothing particularly special and nothing particularly negative .
recommended to all who enjoy reading about cutsy love moments and boys who will do anything for a girls love
wouldn't buy this for a gift . pictures look cheap picture copies and calendar material feels cheap . was a bit disappointed .
doesn't go very loud at all , not good for large crowds where you need to get peoples attention
too small . thought it would be a bit bigger
suitable as a souvenir or gift . perfect for opening letters and packages . steel is not high quality , sharpening , too bad .
interesting plot and location . you never knew who was telling the truth . marriage is not about honesty , or is it ?
i was expecting this charm to be a bit bigger though i do like it for my niece thank u
good app . i use it everyday . problem it won't update location .
they are ok only problem i have is that they are bigger than the velcro attachments on my duty vest
they are cute for small pictures , place cards etc . adorable ! good buy ! decorative ! i love them ! especially the little wobble
looks ok but got bent somehow and looks a bit different from the other one we got from another store .
the only thing that bugged me about this product is that it didn't come with any lighter fluid in it .
it does the job for me , good , would recommend it to anybody , and the price is not too bad ok
wedge runs big . i go between one size and another i suggest the smaller one . suede more like a nubuk
very informative book . i liked the constellation lists at the end . my only complaint is the size of the pictures .
these icecubes were cute and very popular with the kids . they are somewhat smaller than i expected , but work well .
i bought this as a replacement for my existing failed battery . full charge gives me min usage of time .
i do not feel like this hat was made from good materials and it was very cheaply made and flimsy
acting was fair . casting not the greatest , nor was the special effects . not quite a b movie . acutally fell asleep
didn't pull me into the story right away so it was a little slow going to get the book finished
these boots are okay but they do look better in the picture than in person . although their very warm inside !
kind of interesting but not really a book for adults . this is one of those i gave away after reading .
need to be more challenging . the game is aimed for children . please adopted for adults . seniors would enjoy this game .
didn't notice improvement
it is ok , but flimsy . the wind guard will not stay on the mic . did not care for this product .
it is a very expensive book , however , there are not many others to choose from . covers the basics
this toaster does not toast evenly , the center is dark and the edges are lighter . would not recommend .
it was a good experience , placing the order , it arrived in a timely manor and was exactly what i expected .
bed is a little lumpy , from cut ip memory goam bits z wish it were one smooth layer on top .
hard to get . good old house music . great service form amazon . com . we'll use you again thankyou . all occasions mobile disco
asin unreal tournament you will have many great hours by yourself or playing online
i enjoyed this book the characters worked and i couldn't put it down until i had finished the story great
my girls stay with this game for hours . interesting combinations . however needs more models to change the design . good initiative .
very flimsy book , thin cover . my boys loved it for the pictures but the words were beyond a yr old .
the paint in the front logo started to peal after the first wash
very cool to have batman leggings , a little bit more snug than expected and semi see thru
did not work as i expected it to for weight loss .
this book was very good and i liked it very well because it had a twisted plot at the end .
i don't know as i haven't had to use it
this is a nice toy just keep in mind it is way too small , probably not for children under eight .
they come loose quite a bit because of the adjuster knob . but they cut great , small ones work good too
my daughter thought it for more like a sports bra . too bulky for what it was needed to wear under .
it is a good game but a bit easy for my liking should be good for a younger audience
very cute case was very happy with it for the first week or two then the paint wore off quickly .
disappointed there is no place to hold stylis
the tent assembles easily and seems to be big enough for just one person . it packs away neatly .
i like the game but still trying to figure out how to make become and become four again
i thought my diamond tester would have been more designed like the one's you would see in a jewelry store .
well is funy and is it free but ir could be better whit a bit more of imagination you now
easy to use .
this works as designed , but it was a little pricey . sightmark products are getting too expensive for the average joe .
it serves the purpose and is cheap . it is a great bargain if you are looking for a colgate toothbrush
look good , fit perfect , the model , my father use it , and he is and lb , good buy
magazine holds rounds extra clip kinda redundant . in my opinion not necessary . extra battery would have been better purchase
will be returning , runs about two sizes small .
no camera . no talk feature . disconnects and causes errors on android device . not perfect . lightweight . not waterproof , but water resistant .
it was as nice sweet short story about forgiveness . stars because it happened so quickly . not a bad free read
ehh its not rocket science but it can be a challenge and passes the time . guess ill say err woiddd !
the product is fine and arrived quicklyi don't think it as good a teaching tool as i expected
the . books were good but you pretty much knew what would happen . nothing really exciting happened until the last book
words still matter . and in the case of the gop it's about all that does .
i recieved this to replace , y batter with poor health only to get this . it's health was only on acceptable .
works but ink is so expensive .
a collection of modern day romance stories , some with lots of steamy sex .
generally they are smaller than they appear . bla blah blah . who doesn't like wearing locs ? i know i do . s
thinner than i thought
it don't look real but it was fun for a min delete don't want it taking up space oh well
fun and addictive game . would be better if hints were made available other ways . can't wait to get more levels .
the rock doesn't fit an elecrical transformer . i did find some use for the rock .
pretty weird movie . but something i would expect from the makers of napolean dynamite . worth the i paid .
light and comfortable ,
perhaps i found it too dated . would not recommend this book . does not compare with origins , or the fabric of the cosmos .
good cover but not as heavy duty as iwould have liked . bought a newone and stopped using this one
it wasn't one of those books i couldn't put down , although i liked this book better than insurgent . x x
i can not give much feed back as the chair itself has a problem . one of the legs came apart .
actually for the price it is an ok device but the user interface is really bad bad bad bad
i've had better poker clients for sure . so go with carbon ! poker all day err day there ! three two one
order this for and year old who thinks it's great .
it tips easily so be careful ! otherwise , the light is bright as published and it lights the work surface well .
a good story , and very good characters make this book a worthwhile read . was very entertaining and funny in parts .
so so short book about some of the gangsters from the past .
love these but they do not hold my iphone which was disappointing . the opening needs to be a little wider .
fair
okay . hopefully it will pick up and get better . not quite sure where it will go . hopefully will add some excitement .
if you leave it on the night vision function stops working . it works well but remember to turn it off .
minimalist writing style , haunting characters , depressing settings , the simple and unwavering love of a father to son all these linger .
sweet movie without all the bad stuff which is a refreshing change from the norm . would recommend for light viewing .
ok
this bag is too big for my inch sony laptop . it is not as great as i thought .
bought this a few months ago . dropped it on concrete a couple times and its performance was up to snuff .
prosawesome directiondeft storytellinggreat performances all around norton is amazing in his role ! constoo longmuddy ethical sermonryjenna elfman
but the game was fine . only problem was that i tossed the part with the serial number for use on line
only purchased it because it was required for a class and so i had no choice but to buy it
does the job
the product works ok and the attachments are decent , but it is just unbalanced and awkward to use .
shekina , a book of quotes and photos has very little to offer , either with the quotes or the ordinary photos .
these shoes are not size smaller than regular shoes . a size five fits like a size . ok ay .
the app is very nice ! but quality needs improvement . kindle fire has a very nice screen . please use . it . thank too .
it was ok . , but not one of her best . she has written much better . slow down susan . i read all your books !
poster had a slight tear in it when we opened it . once in a frame you could not see it .
not what i expected .
little disapointed it didnt come with a charger or head phones . it did however come with a case and stand .
if you have an epson , you need it . it works as advertised for the printers it's advertised to work for .
this thing doesn't smell like bacon . it does , however , look like bacon . smell badlook good . therefore stars . middle of the road .
this was just okay . not up to what king has written to date . too predictable for me .
mediocre fit on the sr c version . i suppose it's worth , but not much more .
this is a fun app ! i have never played before so its a good one to learn how to play .
it was a good book but hard for me to understand . but it would be ok for some one else
top photo's don't stay in place . lower photo's are greatly kept in .
it does not recognize my modem . only for short time . all other books , apps , etc are perfect . would like help .
fun game , until you have to deal with ads and other distractions . option to play random opponents is nice
got these for our daughter's room . they are cute . she seems to be enjoying them . she wishes they were a tiny bit longer .
my little sister loves the game ! but she gets mad when it freezes on her . but overall a ok game !
not as i imagined but i will keep it for the kiddos can't imagine we will use it too much
ok
wish they stayed in place a bit better , but i can deal with them
small wood sign with screen print . it is a nontreated x board and is only about long too
watched this movie dozens of times at a youth , but not up to current movie standards . the music is great .
these glasses i bought mostly for decoration , since i don't entertain as much anymore . they look nice in my hutch .
it's an okay read with some editing problems . also , an epilogue would have been nice to tie it up nicely .
easy to use , but does not add much to the telephoto ability of the camera !
good deal
i expected a shopping cart as well but failed to realized that i only purchase a bag what a waste
trouble getting phone in case , loosr on belt , otherwise it has lived up to my expectations as i expected
learn a little funny and kill time when your bored . so i watch why not take a chance on it
nice
i enjoy playing those games . and also they keep me busy , when i am bored . share them with my friends
decent app for free so really wont complain much a little tweaking would be nice . perhaps add more betting options
the cap was broken on this it , but i transferred it to another . not much care is given to packaging .
even though it's wwii , the information reads more than dated from that period but still good reading and historically interesting
while i did read the entire book , it was an effort . i did however , learn a bit about indian customs .
if you like dr . who like books this book has enough science fiction strangeness to keep you happy and entertained .
this is probably an excellent book . it's too bad henry ford community college listed the wrong book for the course .
the way alex behaves might anger you at times , but the kid sure knows how to have a good adventure
i was glad to be surprised by this movie . it was better than what i thought . robin williams was great .
i like the short chapters that have the pause in the tips to make you think deeper in between thoughts .
not very many pages . not much for the price . i've found much better for less cost . but okay .
the rope was very thin , it looked much thicker in the picture ! i was disappointedthat it was so flimsy .
thank you for the prompt sale . it was pretty helpful in what i was looking for in flash widgets .
i did not like the fact that is too small for the size .
covers almost all topics in the network management domain but is lacking in clarity
these filters came in a mailing envelope rather than box and inner filter boxes were damaged . luckily filter were ok .
i'm only unlocking the other drawings . and i think it's a bit stupid to force someone to rate an app .
it's bulky but will suffice to keep my phone safe .
i loved it eventhough the bow didnt come attatched to the case , i crazy glued it . overall great case
i bought the season thinking it was complete . it is not . might be a mistake , might not .
its alright not the best and nonot bad . and the graphic is fine it gets irritating after awhile . kdjcjdjcjfjdckdkjejfiedhudjddidjwdiebriebdwxj djej
it's true . similar birds are not pictured side by side eg wood peckers . they don't describe bird behavior solitary , vs flocking . pictures are good .
it's ok , but there doesn't seem to be much to it . it's not a very challenging game , actually pretty boring .
funny , but so claustrophobic feeling . only able to wear for minutes .
this short novel is a well written regency romance but its plot is unoriginal and uninspired . enjoyable but not memorable .
cute , casual , more appropriate for warm days . no liner and average quality . relatively high price in relation to the quality
totes were not of the quality i expected . totes not of the quality i expected . thqank you very very much
sandra brown typical light . not much depth in the story . enjoy reading books with new orleans as one of the characters .
looking forward to more stories about carl and his p . i . life in thailand . hope he finds his happiness one day .
because of the matted nature , the color isn't very distinct . it just looks dark . but the case works just fine .
it is pretty good , i did double up on the dosage to get the same results as super beta prostate .
these sweatshirts run real small . order one size bigger than you would normally order . nice looking and good quality though .
this bed spread is not overly soft , and it ripped easily .
nice dress but short
has some good insights into war not previously discussed in other books . however , somewhat superficial and mostly rehashes previous history .
while these symphonies are impeccably done , the tempo is much too slow and deliberate for me .
it was ok
didnt like the smell . it cleans well though
not well built . cheap plastic . tip seems ok . color and others are so so . but can't complain on the price .
fit correctly . works well so far
nice shoe
this is a strong light , but it only works for a few hours . very compact though , and easy to install .
i like the beaded curtain . my brother had to hang them up for me because there were no instructions included .
christi oacute n is back with project plato , released september ' . if you're a real fan you'll get it !
fits perfect and looks very cute for toddler girls . the sequins itch the arms when they're laying flat down though
just as i expected , the white color is really nice . this is actually my second purchase , they last long enough .
hi before i buy this collection does anyone know if these three titles have been released in single form ? thanks
no english sub titles . useless to me . the movie itself is excellent . will have keep looking for an english subtitled version .
bought as gift but didn't give it , returned instead , sorry i can't give a review , seemed like a good deal .
it was a 's movie . movies are just more well made these days . watched it for nostalgic reasons . 'nuff said
nice quality . these headphones work well with my stock denali dvd and stereo system . no problems with them so far .
so far it feels sturdy and well built , i'll have to see in the coming months how it holds up .
i'm sure but i haven't tried it yet ! will let you know when i do in the far distant future
great for children . the only negative thing is the ball's surface which is very slippery making it difficult to grasp .
cd was the wrong version . my mistake . but , liked it enought to keep it .
works well for phone conversations , but not suitable for music . no problems with the fit or the way it connects
had to treek on the attenuation knob a bit to hear the tone but once i did it worked good .
nice plates enough for a quick lunch use can be microwaved and do not dripgood buy for your money
product works well with the other furniture in the room . the quality of this product is pretty good as well .
the picture is nice but the speakers are on the back of the tv so the sound qualty is diminished .
i do not play this others do and seem to like it very much
this fashion digital quartz watch light alarm stopwatch case black leather bandvery good my customer where very happy with it
i am a size and ordered the small which fit me like a sausage casing . go a size up
i ordered an xl thinking it would be fine and when it arrived it fit more like a l .
a few good ones on the cd . definitely not something i would listen to everyday .
a decent movie but a bit slow in places . not nearly as good as in the heat of the night .
english oceans is a very solid effort . not quite in the same league as decoration day or the dirty south .
it arrived in a timely fashion . i thought i would like it , but it will take some getting used to .
case is ok but not real leather and the stylus pen is a joke . not a bad deal for pricing .
i am a huge zombie fan , but this book reads way too much like an encyclopedia to keep my interest .
was disappointed in the size . was smaller than my last talalay latex pillow . it doesn't even fill a standard pillowcase .
beautiful writing , skillful handling of mythic elements , mysterious illustrations . kind of short on plot .
i enjoyed the movie . was a little disappointed the lack of time that viggo mortensen was shown .
very cute story easy , quick read ! not into race car driving but love enzo's perspective . for dog lovers for sure !
my dogs loved them but they were hardly everlasting our dog went through them in less than an hour .
just started watching season , i'll see how the first season plays out before i make a final call on luther .
this is no better than my remington flat iron . it helps , but i still have fly aways after using it .
it , s ok
need more zimmer . they put here name all over it , but she is not in there . kinda over priced .
haven't used it yet however , i have vacuume cleaners and none of the hoses will fit the dust collector .
the product fullfilled the description made by the seller , it's a very comfortable tee shirt .
light is pretty bright but one directional . fan not strong enough for extreme heat but works okay .
definitely a feel good movie but interesting . my wife and i liked the movie but it was slow at times .
interesting book , seems like a vehicle to sell his other books though .
but my daughter loves it
my magnet is holding a very light calendar and it often slides , so not sure how heavier items would do .
slither was good . gnr was great . stone temple who ? cd already gone .
it was an ok movie with good acting .
dog is cute , daughter loves it , not as sturdy as was hoped for , but is okay great size
i thought the items would be larger .
quality is fair but nice . they try to work with you . item a little different then picture . but they try .
barbie pink , green , purple color change ? no color changedmy daughter is very disappointedplease do not lie to children . thanks
good book . enjoyed it so much that i am now reading the second book . good character development . good plot development .
works fine , but i get a check tpm system warning on randomly every time i drive down the road . annoying .
this was a gift that i didn't read .
never used ! it is too wide for my bathtub . it would help if the dimensions were given in the description .
an easy summer read with just enough action to keep you interested
these wee wee pads are not the best i have ever purchased , but you really can't beat the price .
nice light popcorn read . quick and fun , easy to pick back up if you need to stop reading .
the thickness is actually more like th inch thick , not as described . it is more like really nice cardstock .
well this so slow i took mins . i like how u get to pick a girl its just slow
good but does turn a gross yellow after a few months . stays in the ipod pretty well . worth the price .
this is a good case and strong , i really liked , but no have any usb to charger mi telephonesad
they do a great job of protecting your eyes , but not as comfortable as i hoped . no fogging issues whatsoever .
u got this balm last christmas and i still use it , i say that is a very good buy
it was much thinner than i expected ! but i guess nevertheless , it serves its purpose as an average cutting board .
great quality . box was damaged pretty badly and it was a gift for someone . but otherwise the shoe is great . true to size .
good camera but very difficult to set up .
this doesn't fit very well , buyer needs to have very long slim fingers to wear this comfortably . very cute though .
by themselves they do not really muffle the pistol rifle sound . added to earmuffs hl r did not make a difference either
over priced and you don't even break a sweat i guess i was expecting something a little bit more demanding
some last longer and others not
setup was easy seems to be working well , but the clip could be a little tighter .
it comes with lots of candy and its so fun to make but the pieces of the house were broken
keep in mind , that this is only . one tenth of an ounce it is really really a mini amount of product .
too big for my kindle as it moves around too much and isn't a snug fit like i would prefer .
its ok i thought it would be more sturdier .
i think this is stupid but i liked the books . i don't want to do , this is stupid . i love brass
the case is very bulky and difficult to put on and take off . it adds significant weight to the phone .
it was everything i ordered but it was pretty small for my head . wish there was more than one size .
the chains were the wrong size and i returned them but had to buy locally because of the time schedule .
really wanted these to fit don't think a bigger size would have helped . it was too short on the heel .
this book is a good book for beginners . this is a great book to get started . i enjoyed it .
it came faster than what i thought but the necklace wasnt what i expected but is perfect for the price .
its a cute fun game but it didn't hold my interess , but my nehew like it he like hard games .
very good very long movie .
these novels were some what entertaining , but they were very predictable . there was not a lot of suspense in these .
quiet and nice , though songs that have been done a million times . fill fill fill the space required here lol .
i like that it's organic and safe on babies . yet , it's really sticky . i will need to find another product .
this just did not work for my dell mini . i had no issues with a return and a refund though .
it works for what i needed .
true detective made me read this and it was well worth it . can't believe it holds up after years .
does what i wanted , nothing more . it is austere , but , what do you want for cents ? wakes me up !
i was looking for a different product . this is not what i wanted . delivery was fast though , a good seller .
unfortunately they were too small for me . they were really cute too . do you carry them in also in xl ?
works well but seems to fade fast . i have to redo it every weeks . i have medium auburn hair
the laptop computer stand fits your laptop perfectly . my only complaint is the storage shelf is too short in length .
regular was too small for me and regular too bigthe gap has to be more proportional
this game is ok . i like this type of game , but this is not as big a challange as others .
i like it
could be better quality , but quite effective . at least the children liked it . beter quality than rugs . a real disaster .
it was surprise for me as far as i expect the book to look like raising our children , raising ourselves
this is a tricky app , i never watched half of these shows before . but other than that im out of coins
the phone case was not as durable as expected nor did it fit my device properly . so i didn't like it
the book started slow and boring , but picked up in the middle . it took me a while to finish it .
a decent pen but not as good as the plain old bic clicks . i don't think i'll buy these again .
beautiful ring . stone could be a bit more clear . love the design and the coloring . nice choice for an engagement ring
a little disappointed in this cd . only two good songs . i love blake but this was a flop for me .
i like that they are bright but one of them popped off my luggage . so they are not very secure .
nothing to bark about ! lolcheaply made , they hold wood , and the leather carrier is pretty nice . go for it !
as far as i know , it's fine .
this book is easy to understand and follow for all who are a fan of the game .
the stories are interesting . after reading the book , however , i felt as if the author was sad , desperate and disturbed .
fit well and is comfy but within a couple wears the neck line stitching came out and its falling apart .
smaller than what i needed . it is good for small trash but not larger enough for traveling with four peoples
they fit pretty well . moves around even though bottom has grip like features . the black car mats are pretty durable .
works ok but is overpriced . not worth khe price could purchase equal product under different name for less money
i'm sorry but i just could not get in to my normal , comfortable sherlock mood with this uninteresting to me tale .
just what i ordered ! able to listen while doing other things ! could be good for long road trips ! thank you .
flexible is right ! this is paper thin ! if that's what you want then you should get one of these ! today
it is quite small for my age , it would have been perfect if the gem stones were a bit bigger .
sizes run a little small . had to send it back and get a larger size . its a nice shoe though .
product caused my dog to have constipation and there are a lot of small bones but she did love it
very thin material . but will do what is necessary ibm covers were quite heavy . this won't last nearly as long .
liked the slightly different twist on the zombie an post apocalyptic themes . kept me entertainedlooking forward to the next season
i can't recall what this book is about to give a review
keep in mind this book is a broad overview . not a guide for implementation .
it's so hard to stay the course when you're feeding a family that doesn't have the issues that i have .
the author used magical realism to substitute for a clear plot subsequently the plot suffered .
will not buy again . not true to fit and make my feet hurt when i walk long distance . price ok
its so crazy for me to get the dress after my daughter birthday , something i planned for her birthday
you could probably buy some desitin and it would be about the same thing . i see nothing special about it .
basic , useful . it does just what it's suppose to do . easy to use . handy and djdiddudjdueiw easier ejected sheik ei
if you have any history with viet nam , good historical perspective and and ok fast moving story along with it .
keeps you entertained so you don't feel your wasting your time but it is not a have to read book
it's ok , not great . by the time you get it on properly it's more of a knee immobilizer not stabilizer .
good learning tool , helps you het an idea of portions . could use more wider range of different images however . thanks .
this ball was larger than expected . i thought it would be similar in size to the ones at the gym
bueno
does not fit correctly too small .
looks nice but my iphone won't fit with its very thin and hard to remove case . will have to return .
one perfect night was great , it you don't mind a good quick read which was perfect for me the time !
very plastic feel to it . still it's pretty .
it's a brighter red than i thought it would be . with my white iphone it looks pink
most of the seeds didn't germinate and when those that did we got no growth out of them .
it is difficult to place but see nice in to a car other looks from !
sometimes it just feels slow since the responsiveness of the touchscreen seems to be sketchy . plus there is no dictionary .
is not like describe in the picture but is ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
a little sporadic and some editing issues . the passion for the subject comes thru . i enjoyed this book very much .
not bad . enjoyed watching . not great , but enjoyed it . acting was pretty good . that is about all i can say .
necklace is ok for the price . if i had seen in person would not have ordered .
its an ok book , kinda of confusing . i also hate black and white photos . i wish it was in color .
i can't really taste difference yet with tap water but i guess this would be cleaner than the tap water .
bee movie full screen edition cute , good ecology film for children , not profound for adults .
it was interesting . the storyline could have been better .
what do you want to know ? it's just a gift card . buy the card when you want one for someone .
its a little bit small . the material looks cheap and feels funny when u grab it . but it is ok .
this is an interesting book , and america need to be aware of what is happening in asia . good book recommend .
the case is super cute , and it fits on my phone well . my only problem is how big it is .
does the job that you want ! i don't use it all the time , but only when i get stumped with .
i like stanley products . it also helps me keep track of my tools vs . company tools of multi brand names .
interesting from a south africans point of view .
the product was as described , good quality but the size was much too big for me .
it's a nice coat but after wash , buttons fell of . do i need to say moore . ? guylaine from canada
the story is very good but it is badly marred by the very poor grammar which is sometimes very confusing .
parts were interesting but overall a slow read . didn't really gain any new information . did like the mediation instructions , quite peaceful
some diamonds fell off and it doesn't really protect it that much but is beautiful and got lots of compliments
appears as advertised . the battery works great , but the charger is slow . faster to use your cell phone to charge .
it was not what i thought it to be .
bought it as a present . flipped through it , slightly . no illustrations , but seems very informal .
it is bbq sauce , not even sure i finished it all . its okay but i wont buy it again .
this dvd player serves its purpose but wouldn't recommend it if you are looking for something with quick response .
the product does save minimal space and fits most boxes so i guess it serves its purpose for the price
good for the price but not as sturdy as i had expected . it seems rather flimsy but does the job
i am not as happy with these so i reordered another kind . i guess they are okay in a pinch .
looks smaller in person .
this is one i read over and over to see if i can find something i missed that may work , .
the sizing appeared to be off . could not get the pants over the girdle . the style and color were fine .
my daughter enjoys this app . i don't like the adds but i am too cheap to buy the real version .
nostalgic . good movie based on a comic book character . regular action and the appearance of conan was good . expected more .
works well and as promised . much less irritation when compared to average bandages and allows skin to heal nicely .
i think that you should put in black op gun in the gameso that be updated and put in pistol
i shouldn't have bought these without size listing they're lovely , but much smaller than they appeared on the pic .
they're nice leggings , but if you're looking for something solid these aren't for you . they're a little bit see through .
the fabric is great the colors not so great . i got brown and a green shades of the 's
it is not a realistic sound of a fire place fire ! i would not recommend it ! it is too pricey !
it was too short . addicting to read but way too short ! hot and bothered now have i go find another
it was a good read . not up to the other scott havarth books . lacking more input from the main character .
i haven't actually used the cloth yet because my silver doesn't need it at this time . i'll use it soon !
picture wasn't as good as it should have been .
kind of janky . the heat is a nice feature though , a descent price .
its ok . it dont come with instructions or any assembling papers . good part its easy to put together . i decomend
i wasn't impressed with these . they were just like a qtip but with a shaped end . not worth the money .
nice construction but the humming birds seem to avoid it . i'm trying other locations . it may not be bright enough .
this is a mediocre movie . it is an old movie with poor sound and video . i do not recommend it .
put it in about a year ago , works fine but no quieter than any other fan .
el hazard meets evangelion but not so seriously .
this is a pretty case to look at . but the design starts to peel off on the corners and sides .
i like this decal's design , but the red color faded shortly after putting it on my car .
the movie was better . nuff said .
i had hoped they would fit more tightly at the heel .
well written . will probably not purchase another book by deborah epperson but not my style . left me feeling so down .
ok for what you pay . i will recommend for what you pay . looks nice for and feels good in hand .
works fine but kicks out a lot of dust . i have recommended it to my lawn care provider and my son
paul hastried a little too hard to write a comprehensive cruising cuide t the bit ritchie adn tve islam es . ve
sheets feel like they've made of silk , they are soft and smooth my plans are to purchase some different colors .
not much to this app , but what do you expect with soduko ? it gives you several levels and skill settings .
seems to droop and sag even when empty . works better if you put your stuff in a box first .
i think it is ok it's that i like subway suffers better because it dosenot glitch unlike minion rush
good for the price , they do the job well . pleased is all i can say . would purchase more if needed .
descent product just order size larger than you wear . other than the size differance the graphics look really good .
i bought this during vet school . i hardly used it at all . it is almost too indepth to be useful .
haven't planted yet but i'm looking forward to see how they grow how long it takes for them to grow
the strap is pretty short for men
this shoe fit as expected and the finish as just fine . it is what it is , just a black shoe .
she thinks its okay . just okay . would not buy again , most likely choose bare minerals next time . worth a try
alright
my husband and i really enjoy playing this game together . it passes the time really quickly while waiting at appointments .
this book is enough for certificate but you will need additional complete refrence to be good admin
after i had ordered these , i noticed that the local dollar store had sets of similar glasses for
good stuff . would buy it agan . well satisfied with product . cust support good , i would tell a friend about it .
even though the topic its really interesting , i felt like the author made his point in the first fifty pages .
i have read all that james patterson has written . not a good a most . sorry . i need an alex cross !
good product but i wish they came in bigger sheets to cut down for multiple use . also more darker colors
looks great . i bought it few days before cruise vacation and they were just too new . edge needs to be softer
small and portable , but kept in a pocket all the bristles quickly break off . not at all durable , but works
looks just like mine but it will not work with my droll yankee charger all tho they say it does .
disappointed with just one song
slow read but picked up at the end will read part to see where the book goes from there
like this app , but would like more options continuous falling and the ability to have multiple scores on the leaderboard .
it was just fine and not the usual db style of being fast paced and edge of the seat reading
just like the one i lost . expensive for what it is , but amazon was as inexpensive as anyone .
works well . only issue is you not reset once it is turned . you have to wait until time runs out .
it was ok .
easy reading . very good for beginners , however lack information and plans for those who want to step up in performance
very flimsy . bent when put into ground . for the price it is okay and will not complain . thank you again
i like the old bike flicks , this one is so so , there are better ones . if you can buy it cheap , it is worth it .
new balance is best for me . i have worn nb shoes years b size was too narrow for me
to expensive for gum !
this book was written by someone that was well educated and experienced all the privations and horror of the war
i purchased these for my rabbit enclosure floor . the box was missing a tile . great product for the price otherwise .
it not the best but it work really well it totally worth and waiting whole days for .
good value . easy to read . hopefully waterproof . fits snugly with plastic strap . last g shock lasted years of abuse .
even following prompts , can't access all pieces to get keys . can't move on or skip levels . otherwise , this was fun .
nothing special fare value
there is something for everyone , and for a sports nut that wants to keep sharp , this is a good choice
i enjoyed the story and found it very interesting however , i am not a fan of the authors writing style .
hard to manipulate
the comforter was much thinner with padding then i expected . the color was very nice and my son liked it .
these are just okay , i really can't see out of them . i have to get use to them
don't seem very fresh
way large than i expected .
i enjoyed the first books and found this disappointing . i wouldn't recommend it since it's just ok .
i like the song , but i mixed it and edited it for a dance routine for my ex so , yeah .
it just wasn't that durable . my year old said it broke within a matter if a couple weeks . bummer .
it's not letting me choose the size . advertises several widths but only allows you to choose please fix . thanks !
it truly is more sex and gore than a historical review of caligula .
enjoyed the narrative . suggest writing style to sound more like tom brokaw or bryan williams objective reporting . overall pretty good .
the scarf is a bit strange . the edge split to two part . i wish it just come as regular rectangle .
love it , but bulb burnt out within a couple months .
quite flimsy .
i was hopeful , but he eats just as fast moving it around the bowl or throwing it out . sorry
buy the cd set if you want the best from prince .
the sound quality on some of them sounds like it was off of a tv and the volume varies one
i expected more insightful mind of mckinsey problem solving methodology , i believe , at least for me , it is a general overview
this sweater was a tad large for my male ferret and was black and white striped rather than red .
it was ok
this book is good if you are in need of communication in order to travel .
probably just picked the wrong program for what i was trying to correct . found another way to solve my problem .
fits well and looks good . however is very easy to snap . son broke it on the side within days .
when i open the app it exits me out the app and keeps saying blocklauncher has stopped please fix this
it's kind of boring for a mahjong game . it also automatically shuffles the tiles instead of giving you more choices .
they give him really bad gas , so i've had to save them for days when we're spending the day outside !
was a little disappointed when got it and charged it up did not last very long compared to the original .
adorable concept , as minnie is our granddaughters favorite disney character ! however , the quality is a disappointment and they run small .
the bottom fits great with no problem , but the top does fit at all .
a good season and very enjoyable . if your a scrubs fan you will enjoy . definitely worth a look .
quality not much for the money . stitching pretty poor . i don't expect it to last very long .
too pricy for what it is . but so far it is serving it's purpose . hasn't torn or worn out yet .
there is something phoney about society in the twenties . i didn't enjoy the story or the characters in this book
ok book . not too bad but kind of strange . tough to explain . it was just an ok book i guess .
this game is ok , not great but ok . im not sure if i would tell friends about it because its android
the book is gummerthe reviews are brownwowand jobs are so hard to come by ! quality control too inhibiting ?
major slog through this book ! i haven't finished it yet . if you are a history buff you will love it .
the story seem rather slow and takes forever to progress . setting excellent , characters predictable . not one of may favorites
good eye cream . i have bought a few times . i switch back and forth between this and mary kay products .
but . top piece is not made well . the push button is not sturdy . so handle carecully or it will break off
i prefer the game i have on my laptop . not as challenging as many others i've played . would not select again .
the ending was rather stupid ! i think another chapter would have been enough to give the reader a better ending .
there are sooo many characters in this book that it is difficult to understand some of the events . otherwise , no too bad .
i really like the earrings , but i keep losing them because the back won't secure them properly . need better backs !
it works , but does not fit well . very hard to get on . it holds a seal though and doesn't leak .
i don't like the movie , but i like monica bellucci , she is very beautiful and her body is the goddess .
product was as ordered . thanks . it was fine for what i ordered it for . have a great day . happy summer .
nothing to do with the author , just that the print is really small and i do wear glasses , so .
i wasnt able to track my item . arrived here past its arrival date . other then that i love my item .
lots of typos . funny , fast read . overall kept me entertained for a couple days . really stupid stories . i would recommend .
i like it .
i bought it for my friend , it turn out to be too small to use loose tea . i am disappointed .
poster was not in good shape .
it was a little slow for me . i believe it would be more to the liking of a female reader .
haven't tried it yet , so don't know if it works . fingers crossed !
not much of a story and whatever storyline it had was very predictable . could have used a little more intrigue .
as soon as i put this on my face it took a smoothing effect immediately , great productwill reorder this item
these items are in the light rather than heavy duty category . they work , but you get what you pay for .
they match everything else i got . my grandkids room is painted a deep rose and the hearts stand out nicely .
perfect for our needs ! didn't know these existed until recently but thankful to find them . would purchase again for sure !
i have other yoga dvd's and this one is mediocre . thanks so much . god bless
similar to her other books , this was funny and entertaining . i laughed out loud a couple of times while reading .
this replacement lithium ion laptop toshiba battery lasts only hr of uninterrupted web browsing without opening any extra windows
wrong scale on this plane more like scale , not you might want to change that .
would not resnot up to max brand's usual standards . it did not move like most of his work . thanks
a decent neck wallet for the price . got us through the mean streets of paris and london d
this product what i received was not a brand new one . some body returned it which they send mevenkat
it wasn't the best but it was okay . it had a good story line but got confusing in parts .
it gets the job done and was very easy to install . thanks for asking . enjoying a nice summer of swimming .
not a huge tom cruise fan but this movie was good . it had very good action moments , very entertaining . i
it was just another book that seemed compiled out of magazines . still , next time i'm in la , i'll visit rummage .
nice colors kids like it . but the size is much smaller like it shown . i think the price for it is too high .
it's ok , we bought the wrong case but it will work for now . this is all i have to say
looks good . battery may die soon if it is used everyday .
it's a shampoo . cleans my hair but leaves it feeling very dry . have to use a lot of conditioner afterward .
it works for cameras and picture not for video .
the front pocket zipper fell apart and i returned it for a . loss . other than that i liked it .
i ended up returning product , but would have kept if the size fit correctly . great color option and quality product .
i totally should have read the reviews , this collar is huge , too big for my maltese .
some of the holes really small so . its hard to work with it be said that work good star
i ordered this product , when trying using its did not function , quality as i expected . so i return this item .
not his best writing but still an okay story . it was very easy to vision the story as it unfolded .
cough still there but not as often . nose not a running as bad , seem to cough more when riding her .
it is ok
just a cover for the kindle fire hd .
never used it was not what we thought we ordered as it was not in a case or frame .
it's a fun movie . video quality was poor even when renting hd . frequent signal interruptions . we did not finish it .
the quality is not all that great . the screw on part in not very smooth .
the digital divide does not offer any new revelations on the internet and social media just a compilation of articles .
just okay . one of two purchased failed for no obvious reason . the button that unlocks the door stopped working . irritating !
it's ok for a costume partyi wish i could find one exactly like this one made out of metal .
i like the concept of the scoop with a caddy , however the scoop was a bit on the flimsy side .
i ordered a pkg of but . only received one . that is the reason for out of stars .
while denzel washington shows that he is still a very good actor indeed , the script left something to be desired .
this is a fair product , looks nice and fits well , decent quality , you get what you pay for with this
i hope it works . seems ok .
love it . it's some what long but it's cool . the beads are not heavy and looks great with the dress .
bought the game as a birthyday present . i have not heard of any problems or dislikes .
it was for my husband and he said if he had the right drill it would have worked very good .
squeegee works well but suction cup falls from wet shower walls every time i go to hang it back up .
it was pretty good , mostly as a younger reader's type of story
buy this if you like incubus , if just for the shirt and nothing else ! the little sounds cool too . zp
the microphone works very well with any karaoke software . must have accessory for your wii ! love it !
well written and kept me reading . subject matter made me a little uncomfortable . a bit strange to have this imagination .
these don't come with a temperture control and i've tried other brands that work much better , but ok for . .
it was pretty much just like the second book . i mean , it was good , but really redundant . good book though .
i like this book . when i purchased this book , i thought it was going to be like his other books .
i enjoyed learning about kahneman's research and theories , but felt the points could have been made in far fewer pages .
does not fit or rav . needs update to web sight . would work well on to rav s .
does not hold the rugs ihe way i would like it to . . they continue to slide on the carpet .
it looked good for a few days then black started fadeing . also the hard case is hard to remove . thanks
eye opening book
funny cute almost predictiable
sturdy construction . works well enough for what it is and saves your fingers . the downfall is won't hold rounds .
really hot .
mr . eisen is too wordy and is hesitant about presenting his ideas . i would not recommend it to my friends .
this unit was easy to setup and worked like a champ but unfortunately only lasted just shy of year .
but the google chrome kept dropping off when connected using this instead of the direct line . the netflex worked fine .
it looks great but it is short even when extended all of the way out . is this product for children ?
cheap looking plastic whistle . compass would be better than nothing if lost in woods . maybe . looks like a toy whistles .
love the weight . case is setup backwards . large opening should be on top of case not bottom . feels like made wrong .
what do you mean orcas killer whales ? any way awesome game the full version is better though . keep making sea animals !
save your money , you can buy this vary item at costco for about . per box of
too small in comparison to regular clothes .
more for a child teenager young girl than adult i returned it for that reason . the return service was very effective .
my daughter just did not continue . v thick needles little amout of yarn . not sure if it was worth it
if you are looking for something quick this book is great . it's a nice trip back to a youthful relationship .
i like the tv , however , its color does not quite fit in my room .
not the same color very ugly the birds and ducks luv it can i paint it it looks like primer
if you liked in the name of the rose by umcerto ecco , you'll certainly like the hangman's daughter serie .
if you find a duck click on it . this game is ok not the best game out there . three stars .
i liked the presentation of this event . basically a video of the news on that day . not bad .
product works well most of the time . the keyboard is a very good size for even larger fingers to type on .
read portions of this book . a bit 'dry' , but otherwise a nice book to learn about the perspective of others .
pretty good oatmeal .
the quality of construction and finish was what i expected for the price , but the color was redder than shown .
flask works great , emblem was glued on by a year old . ripped it off and it was fine . word
too repetitious . interesting but could have been said in a lot fewer words ! pierre burton's book is a better read
not as interesting as i was hoping for . it is more a documentary than an adventure . didn't even finish it .
not as described but worked great
japan sizing is a size or smaller than us . material thin . would not recommend .
what more can i say , it's a vaccuum band ! i am using them with my wonderful oreck vaccuum . thank you .
the step ladder needed to be a little wider because the boys could not climb up or down on it
good book . very to the point . kind of predictable though . looking forward to reading the others in the series . enjoy it
good idea so so execution . the wedge does elevate but it is terribly uncomfortable for side sleepers .
this feels like a rehash and reuse of older books in the series . the same plots are revisited and reused .
not as good as most of his others . enjoyed the music , but he just didn't seem to be into it .
came in good condition , use often , easy to manage , and most importantly , they do the job they're required to do
i gets really dirty fast but it does it's job . i've dropped my phone countless times and it protects it .
it doesnt fit me ! so im not sure what to dooo ! i hate thisss im typingg but its taking forever !
this book might make sense to someone totally versed in laboratory technique , but seemed irrevelant to one with mycoplasma infection .
smaller than anticipated otherwise nice for the money .
this song isn't too bad for bluegrass music . i would recommend it to anyone into bluegrass .
the shirt arrived within days of placing the order . the shirts quality and appearence are adequate i have no complaints .
my hair is still frizzy with this productand it seeps down to my face and leaves my face greasie
the toes need to be wider , after all it was a x wide boot ,
a very good processor but the stock cooler isn't enough for cooling it . so you will have to buy another .
couldn't get into this one . i wanted to like it , but i just didn't like the hero .
they are curtain hanging hooks , what do you expect . they work as they should . get them if you need them .
this dvd would me great if the sound didn't stop in two or three place's
housing on usb connector has already cracked . i guess you get what you pay for .
it finishes the story . little else . almost completely lacking in the sense of wonder or hope inherent in other asher creations .
it has a nice look , but cheap made . i was expecting better quality for the price . i'm a little disappointed .
the locations kept this one interesting to some extent . didn't read the st novel so felt like i'd missed something .
i was under ther assumption there was more very disappointed and hoped for more . i would not buy again sorry
it came fast but it wasn't near mint like it said it was scratched and played all along the edges
it is ok not great
my brother and i expected much more laughs out of this one . not a great buy .
it is good , interesting , but seems like step by step , and not as global theoretical . good but had expected other things .
good read . but it did lag and had too much data
love the color and pattern on these socks but they don't stretch at all and they are a little snug .
nice size .
i would have liked to have more math games included for the price that we paid for this game . thanks .
the shipment is made in time , but the watch is not kept well . still acceptable .
it is an okay water bottle but the cap broke in like two weeks of purchase , not that sturdy
the tin in tiny i wish i knew how small it was . overall not a bad product i suppose
not very flexible when cold but works for now and does the job fast shipping alright value for the price
era specific . some ages would not get it . will written though .
when i received my phone case it was broken but i glued it back but other than that im satisfied
ariived quickly , haven't had a chance to read it yet so i cannot rate further
included driver cd had crc errors , needed to download driver form the webok for the price
it fits the screen and seems to do what it is supposed to do . the phone is a great little phone
since the writing was nearly impossible to see read , it was pretty much pointless to wear in support of president obama !
somewhat disappointed . i didn't realize that anything white or light colored would show up under the light . thought only biologicals would show .
doesn't work as well or easily as i had hoped , but it is probably just as designed . nothing to add here
not one of my favorite scents . the strawberry shortcake is the best to me . i will not purchase again .
they are cute lights but small . the covers are smaller than i thought they would be . they did work well .
like all anodized cookware the non stick lasted about a year .
not smart tv
information and pictures , patterns , etc . should possess expertise seems to be more . new tying materials and tying techniques are required .
an old story , but interesting . the same kind of people inhabit the earth no matter when you are on it !
this color is darker in person but goes on very sheer . still love it ! definitely a must have .
its a plastic sign that says elm st . its black gray and white with alittle hint of blood it s okay
it does not get rid of the bumps if you have sensitive skin . i would use this item with caution .
the shipping is fast . the case is not as pretty as the picture . i think thequality is so so . not too bad
for such a cheap product i thought the lens clarity was going to be normal but they are very good .
it's pretty wobbly and is not the quality we expected . don't have anything else to say about it at all .
picture quality could be better as it is somewhat grainy . music though is fab . it arrived within days . happy .
i dont like the buying of credits since you cant actually win money . when tokens are free , it is fun .
the book has some silly problem solvers that probably won't ever come up . seems a little outdated also . wouldn't purchase it again
a chia pet planter is a chia pet planter . but the beard growing chia is just genius ! mine are already sprouting !
don't expect much out of the box . takes a long time to setup and not all the lamps work
i found a few books but not many . i have nothing more to tell you but amazon requires more letters .
i was expected much more details , specially with some demonstrations . but it is a good reference , theme dealt with comprehensively .
the lenses are great , they definitely block all blue light , but it's a pity the frame is average quality .
drops connection more than i'd like at range of only feet . but when it works , it's fine !
flavor is not as good as endurox r .
the case fits my phone but the details and design rub off very quickly making it not so pretty anymore
mine is not inchi do really like the product , just didn't get the amount that i bought .
i expect more quality
this is a good case cover , however it pushes buttons when i open and close the keyboard on my phone .
this was very cute and came quickly . its just not as soft as i had hoped . it's not very cuddly .
doesn't dig deep enough . only skims the surface . my old harrow did a better job until the teeth wore out .
great racing scenes for the motorheads ! a little weak on plot . good acting though .
this is probably a good book for engineering school graduate but it looks too complicated for years old kid !
bags are very light weight . i expected something more heavy duty .
it was ok but expected more didn't really qffer any more than what the news did . was looking for more
i am giving this a month then i will decide if i think it is working .
the item is smaller than i thought , but worked well in my paris themed room . liked the colors in poster
it's heavier than i expected shows dirt , appears wrinkled . but it is usable . bottom edge tends to ride up . ok .
it was greasy when i put it on but it doesn't take much . i probably won't purchase again . . . .
nice love story . it was very cute . i liked the story line . easy to read and done in just two days !
pretty fun game at first but after the second day of playing it was just boring and i deleted it .
i really did not enjoy this book . i wish there would have been more historical information involved in the book .
that work ok . well buy form them sometime . i like them to work on for time . it is fun to buy
it works fine but the lettering is too small . can't see time ! not what i would expect from cuisanart .
the book wasn't has detailed as i expected but gave it stars because i still learn valuable new info
ok
needed the remote not electronic one . so you can say they missed the boat . the item is just too old .
not as good as i thought it would be . could be better made . ice cream did not freeze very well .
its a nice phone case but its very slippery to be bamboo . the case chipped my third day having it
the pant its grat but the colour and the shape looks very diferent to the image , need to be changed
this is a cool trinket just seems like the latches will break eventually . all in all i like it
i've canon printers before and they've used see through cartridges to see the ink estimate . alas , this was taken away .
after first washing the edges frayed on most of the towels . should have returned them but had already washed them .
not as strong as i thought it would be .
i had understood this was a childs hat and the hat was huge , it was cute but much to big
the base is lopsided so the whole things rocks back and forth . more words were needed to fulfill minimum count .
what can i say , it is solitaire . just a game to wile away some time , but i have played it .
it's fun if you have money to spend on it .
the bill is way too huge . it looks awkward . the price was ok but i would not buy it again .
if you have this razor , you should skip this blade buy the titanium blade . gives a better shave lasts longer .
i don't even remember buying or reading this book , so it obviously didn't make an impact on me . enough said .
item did not appear as photographed . quality of shoe was average . disappointed , i wanted to like the shoe .
i was surprised by how small they are . very pretty , almost delicate . i should have looked closer at the dimensions .
silent witness is a quick read . it has a great story line which captures the ups and downs of life
i am a little bummed because the strings that everyone commented were so nice were not included with my book
works well . hold my phone as it should and good springs . love using this on long motorcycle rides using nav .
it will work for my needs , but i have already run out of ink ! i hope i can get replacements .
tthis was an okay read . not to exciting . i seemed more like a romance than a mystery . a light read .
interesting with negative heel . will need to get used to it . a friend raved about it .
the flavor was ok , not exceptional . still made some decent jerky . probably would not buy again anytime soon . pricey also .
very small
nothing earth shattering . re gurgitation of old stuff . the content could have been enhanced to be more relevant , insightful and useful .
easy summer read .
this earphone is cheap and provides pretty good quality sound , but it does not last for long .
had to order one size less , but i love this shoes perfect for pole dancing . and the color its great
the product seems a little smaller than . the grips on the pruning shears are flimsy when cutting branches .
it's fine , but poor on kind of examples and applications . it's a good product to data mining and weka software
ok i will accept the resent
this dvd was given as a gift . the child that received it said he liked it very much . age
good for apple products but very little support for android products . poor display . screen appearance is like the older models
this is a good book , i always like to read the book and watch the movie together .
very entertaining ! a little complicated but addictive . i think it is very fun and interesting . i recommend it for all .
size fits . quality usual china . although the stated . made in usa deceit . carelessly sewn , hanging thread . such quality in russia and i'll buy it . friend , i would not recommend it .
valuable information from a militantly environmentalist source but quite outdated .
great book , could be a bit more in depth . it doesn't require much homework .
the house is made of inch wood . at this price i would expect much heavier materials .
unless you get this product for . save your money and go to wal mart or target .
had a problem with the frames rusting .
i don't care for this flavor , but i fix them as a mocha for mom and she loves them !
noise in the sound
it looked quailty , almost brand new , until set up and observed a large defect on the screen behind the digitizer . returned .
would be happy with a slight wider shoe
good also the support was excellent
raw and direct to the point . a goo hard rocking album , but not accept's best .
could be much better with some good songwriting . i will be looking out for new material in the near future .
it fit okay
pretty dress , but runs very small .
these s book was pretty funny and weird . i liked it it was kind of stupid . just kiddinpretty funny
this worked fine for a giveaway in the community backpack program but i wouldn't use myself . not a great taste .
lots of action but predictable . husband loves this movie and i bought it for him . not my favorite movie genre .
as great as the author is , this i think is one of his weaker efforts . easy read but nothing outstanding .
mic doesn't work at all ! i even bought a usb converter for the mic jack and it still doesn't work !
this wasn't the contoured console i was expecting . the bottom of the console is flat . other than that , it's okay .
really just ok . writing is so so , its been filling my time during my kids lessons but not exactly literature .
its just ok . pic shows an install flange that is not included , so expect to buy a vertical flag mount
but after washing shrunk in length considerably
unique story line .
an interesting mystery
not what i expected , should have read closer before i purchased , so i am no one to judge . thank youjackie
good stories . little mundane story line . wanted a fiction book , hope it was that . it was a quick read book
it was just ok .
i have read most of miss feehan's books , and can only reiterate my opinion that this one is just ok .
it was ok i could not detect any kona taste at all
ok , the shirt looks good , however , the shirt shrinks , so make sure u order a larger size than what's needed .
i would stick with the originalthe metal thing flaps , its not rigid like the original onecan be annoying
these glove did seem to improve my speed in the surf , but did very little to keep my hands warm .
it's alright , pretty for sure . but the stones tend to fall off or get popped off easily . won't order another .
still reading
i guess you need to have all your parts when you use this i needed a press more to come
somewhat repetitous overall . story line predictable . not anxious to begin reading againok beach type read
interesting twist on events . not exactly what i expected . diane appeared very daring and not at all opposed to papparazzi .
this was a very unusual collection , and i had trouble reading this . i did stick with it to the end .
quiet good for navelist from indonesia
enjoyed it again for the th time . perhaps a new generation of austen fans will result from viewing this movie .
it seems to work ok but sprays out like a foam and builds up on the top at the nozzle .
don't really care for this much . not what i really expected . the front of this sandals is way too lose .
game is good but car is hard to control . just practice though . id recomend it as a time spender . stop hating
had to get this for summer homework . it was okay just didn't think it had a great plot to it .
it needed glue to hold the product up overall it works good it frees up space in my tub .
i pay more than at the store , but part of this was my fault for dont ask questions , mist informed
it is pricey for the amount of stuff in the case , but is ok , i would not really recommend it .
great price ! fast shipper . it's a good product , but not like the summer mango ! that one is the best !
i've read better . the story is choppy and is definetly for the very young they don't understand good plots yet .
i did enjoy this book but not quite as much as the first . however it is definitely a worthwhile read !
these nails here are pretty , but once u start buffing and putting the acrylic liquid the color comes off .
controller had a faulty control button . the helicopter flew and operated just fine . to bad the controller had a problem .
fix this update now or i'll give u another one star like everyone else . this is a bunch of crap
content was good and funny but i was surprised at how short this book was for the price i paid .
it does the job . just don't try to use to heavy of a camera with it .
good quality but the ring looked too thick on my finger so i got rid of it . its nice though .
not a movie for everyone . good story , but it moves pretty slow . not an exciting film . fun twists , great ending !
quick and easy read . interesting points of view . brought attention some aspects i'd never thought of before . it was well written .
very comfortable , a little wide for my feet . made very well however and looks good .
this book provided good information , but this a book that is geared to teenagers or young adults . i am .
i wouldn't be able to use my electronics while charging if it was running low , the battery would just die .
its a just price , the material and design is good , funcional . im conforme with thas product . ok
my granddaughters first watch . she picked it out and loves it .
its an ok product i wish it was more warm material like silk but it may work for its purpose
never read it .
kinda flimsy , but for the price it is what it is . cute for a kidthanks for the prompt customer service
i hope this never happens to the good old usa . but that said iran is a perfect example of this .
this product is constructed well but much smaller than i would imagine for a leaf bag .
you have to press too hard for it to work . iphones screen isn't really good with it .
it was all right . i gave it to my neice . she like it . it was too small for my ear .
too long and at times just ho hum reading
did not work on the model of ar i have .
i really like the glow if your using your computer at night . come with a cute mouse pad . fast shipping .
material looks like khaki , but doesn't have feel of real khaki . what does khaki really mean ? product is somewhatdisappointing .
it came in a timely manor but after a few weeks of having it , the paint started to chip away .
the color comes out much darker than what it looks like on screen . quality is a little flimsy as well .
good case , but no way to use my tablet for photos when it is use .
i returned . felt and looked cheap and the small fit like an x large
cheap but interesting for a time . got wet and quit working . they don't look all that much like skulls either .
outside material feel is pretty good . not as comfortable as a micro bead type neck pillow , but better than some .
ogood ?
very slow start . easy reading but could do with a bit more substance . recommended if you are totally bored . .
calling something with fans silent is missleading . it may be quiet , but not silent .
this is a very interesting book about greeck mithology . i found some times edition and spelling mistakes , letters are missing .
a bit large and cumbersome . not real accurate .
i enjoyed the book . i just don't understand why people have to swear so much . but it was funny . thanks
seems to help
these are cool , but not what i thought they were going to be . the foam just really is not there .
i can't remember to give a review
good , but there are faster chargers available . i got this for my qife and she ended up buy another one .
this book is ok gives the basics . but if you want more advanced this is not the book to get
i do not like that the ear buds are two different sizes for the different ears . it was very disappointing .
interesting book , overall slow pace with very predictable plot . this was a good beach read
good information but hard to locate . quite poor indexing and references . it tried to sell you other books and memberships
they are great pants but entirely too big for me . i need a size medium how do i exchange them ?
i think these tubes are a little harder to fit on my pump then the medela ones but they work .
not my favorite bingo game . need to get more bingos so you can play often . i do like the power ups though
a bit too clinical for my simple taste . have not finished it yet to offer an informed opinion right now .
i had a smaller paperback for less money and more definitions . i bought this one because my paperback fell apart .
it was fairly easy to put up , but some branches wouldnt align , other wise it looks allright , it was worthy
i've had a sever case of plantar fasciitis for the last couple of months . this helped relieve pain while walking .
good price . . . kinda slow shipping . and not a lot of sizes . not for ppl with big nails
just a little hard to believe that anyone would marry an unknown . but for the most part i liked it .
haven't read yet but i'm sure it should be worth readying . thanks , i need like more words for this !
if you want to know what a quant does , read this book .
i bought this for a minion costume for halloween and it was the perfect color to match my gold beanie .
runs vvery small
these are cute but high . order size down . i have two insoles in mine to make up the difference .
. it is gerber good product and i buy other sword , katana sword and are very good swords ok
i like the style but it's a bit awkward to hold with the strap , for the price i liked it .
works fine , powerful but quite noisy , does the job , wish i could find one this powerful but that is quieter
for prospective purchasers , purchasing new does not automatically mean key comes with book . otherwise , new book . let it be known .
larger than the picture , received broken
the books made you laugh , cry , and otherwise giddy and held by suspense . awful grammar mistakes though , needs better revision !
poor quality materials , but it served it's purpose .
the earpiece hurt . need the kind with the curved tail . sound good on both ends of conversation . control system ok .
its okay i thought it was going to be thick like my other one i got . but its okay . love
not a bad game . this is only my second game dealing with escape and it is better than my first .
worked the first time like a charm ! but now the mice won't touch it . apparently they are quick learners ! sneaky bastards .
from the picture i assumed i was getting two bottles . be aware that you are paying for only one bottle .
well it is very staged but interesting . i can see why rickthe restorer got a spin off . he is good .
was a little bulky around the arms and middle and i wasnt that thrilled with it , just not for me .
it worked for my bathroom but when i used in the kitchen it failed to remove hard and old stains .
i bought this because of the nouwen introduction . people who like oriental art will probably enjoy the yushi nomura drawings .
it ok for small batches , but very slow for large batches of cookies and crackers . needs a more speedier motor .
the adapter was drilled wrong . had to drill and tap adapter so trim ring would be level . drilled wrong at factory . extra time
a decent read . much more fantasy than historical . if you want true christian historical fiction try francine rivers .
did not fit an id in the slot , and could only hold like additional card . not great space . returned .
these books are okay . not as impressive by any means as his five kingdom series . i would not waste my time
what i needed but a little pricey than what i wanted . . for something so simple and made in china ?
works but eats battery ! not bad for the price ! too sensitivity to other noise at times ! but it's cheap enough !
so fast and so wild ! the references to movies were sheer genius unlike any other patterson i ve read . fun .
there is an incredibly small amount of noodles in these containers . they are for a snack . not a lunch . .
needs to have better how to s . it was hard to find out more information about the best way to do something .
looks like it was made in china
finish in scoop area has pitting , stains . backside of grips has a crevice that could add to cleaning and drying .
love them , shipping was on time , but one of the plugs was cracked
this rug was suppose to be much bigger , but it is nice to see the quality which is great .
a very easy to read book , if what she said was true , microsoft will be a great place to work !
informativecluelesswho has time to read such a vast volumn ?
i found the beginning confusing and jumping around . ended up being a good read don't give up on it !
enjoyed the figuring how to move the different pieces around to make them fall . seems to get tiring . you might enjoy .
well told story and characters that you can care about . i didn't like the ending , but overall , well worth reading .
it has been leaving my floor soapy lately . with a filmit make me fell that the floor is not clean .
these shoes are true to size . they are cute , but very unusual . a little too funky for me .
i had tried numerous shopping type programs and this was one that works okay , but not as good as others .
more cushioning in heel would be nice . now my plantar fasciitis is concentrated just in the center of the heel .
overall i thought this book was pretty good . i liked the storyline . i would recommend it for a quick read .
its ok but was too small and did not look like it was on line .
for a guy and a big one . way to big for a girli like the style and the fleece part
dokken under lock and key is for the person who still enjoy's hair metal bands of the 's .
they're nice as far as socks go but the toe seem really hurts my toes because it is quite thick .
gets the job done as well as store bought ink and is slightly cheaper and more easily ordered with prime
it is no such a good item , they are confortable but not over the top as they use to say
quality seemed good , but was too small and i returned it for a credit on my account , without any problem .
need more series like this . not finished with this one . is good at holding my interest in the plots and cases .
i don't think this is original because the material is very very thin and looks cheap not what i expected
disliked it because it was way too small
arrived on time but breaks easily
all right for kids . a little underwhelmed
glad it's the allergy formula hate the smell of the pockets themselves . and it transpires through their gas ! good though
this ring bends to easy ! not a real strong ring . ! a really nice ring though !
decent selection , but nowhere near the album that motown christmas was . i probably would not recommend this album .
needs to be put in modern english so it is more understandableand easier to read at spots . very meaningful
the description is slightly off . , and would be more accurate . otherwise nice product .
it is not a super performing ssd but i got it on sale and it works great ! thanks for looking !
this was bought as a gift and was much smaller than expected but still a nice clock for the kitchen
este es un buen libro , simple , facil de entender y que da algunas pautas de como adiestrar a tu mascota .
the shave is fine if you use a pre conditioner . the motor is way too loud . it is light and durable . good battery life
some of the fuzziness of the bear's fur was shedding lose when i opened the initial packaging . soft and cute , though .
i enjoyed this book . i read it in two days , even though the political parts of it were somewhat boring .
it was ok but not an out of the park hit . then again , it is just a key chain thing .
works ok but bass response is not very good .
like the style . still deciding if i like it or not . had for months and is performing well . u
disappointing end to an uneventful season certainly not amusing as prior seasons
i liked them but they do not fit as thought and they get dirty easily .
i have trouble seeing the details of objects but otherwise this game is challenging and entertaining . it keeps you busy .
the product is perfect i just thought it was bigger than it shows in the picture !
looks great wish it covered top of phone better but i still like the way it looks good job thanks
they are tiny , but ok . you can buy if you'd like
did the job as we expected , works great and my wife is very much please and so i'mvery good
quality of cd leaves much to be desired , but delivery was prompt .
not really much of a value but cute , glad i tried them , wouldn't re order , not worth the price at all .
bought for my yr . old father . he enjoys it immensely . servise was excellent from purchaser . quick , fast , efficient , reasonable , happy . thanks .
not what i remembered of legos in the past age reference should be higher as these tiny pieces get lost easily !
seem flimsy ! very light weight ! prefer last ones i ordered , but couldn't find them . do not recommend ! you get what you pay for .
wish it was a bit larger to put in a sylus pen . it is a bit soo small for me .
good for decorating and wearing occasionally but they lose their tight grip after several wearings . the price is right however .
first day first time to use , fall down to ground then it broken with two parts ! very weak ! easy to break !
it doesn't stay moving on its own for more than a few seconds . so not really worth the money spent .
the size is a bit bigger than expected .
works like it should !
wasn't such a good flower crown . it was all bent when i got it from out of the mail
does what it's supposed to i guess , seems cheap and snags easy but maybe that's just what terry cloth does .
i have to admit that i only have used this book as a reference and cannot givea bias opinion .
getting to the truth is always fun and this movie keeps it from you . one step ahead all the time .
low on actual content but some suggestion is valuable
i tried to download it on my kindle fire and it would only let me download on my sprint mobile
great bible to use with reading students , allows for words that are appropriate for their age .
interesting story but the writing style was rather bland and sometimes disjointed .
decent probably need socks it just rolls around . the heating element is nice .
works but eventually falls apart
seems to be ok so far . really excited about the graphics appears to be good thus far . we will see .
other than not being waterproof it is a pretty good item . not fond of the ring stand . quality is good .
i loved this cd especially the song i try . will there be a single released ?
it's okay but the ending is rather abrupt .
stiff buttons make it hard to play sometimes . the x button should never be sitff . that is all , thank you .
it's ok it's pretty fun too the babies are cute though if you don't like doctor things don't get this
the story line was good but i felt the author could have combined this series into one or two books .
this movie was cute but not nearly as funny as the book . see the movie first then read the book !
does a decent job . not as heavy duty sturdy as i thought it should be . but for cost , it's great !
i only had it for few months , plus its all rubber , and only had hard corners . it worked , thats it .
it only talks about marketplaces , but that is quite ok
it just looks kind of cheap and my daughter in law i believe never even let my grandaughter wear this .
this is a nice little cross , the chains were cheap and i replaced them , but the cross's were very nice
screen was nicely constructed but short of x by inches kind of a pain . i kept the screen anyway anyhow . good luck .
size was nice but the lid never stayed on . from day one it fell off and wouldn't stay on .
back then i had this lp , and played the groves off it . now i wonder why . still a j . geiles fan
i was hoping for much more information . there are many more herbs and spices that i am aware of for healing .
see above . not much to rave about . just ok . can't say anymore . daughter still plays with it despite , but so expensive . three more words required ?
its a nice phone easy to use but very bad battery life you have to charge it every night !
i purchased this for my son . it freezes in the middle of games . maybe a flaw in the system itself .
arrived on time . good product just didn't meet my needs .
they are ok but you can def feel they are not the same quality as most other tsa locks .
the material is a little hard still thin but stiff after washing i will see how they do in the summer !
i enjoyed basket case and skinny dip very much . this one lacks the detailed build up the other books had .
my grandchildren loved it !
inspiring couldn't put the book downmust read in order very helpfulon top the last book of the seriesin
i had lots of spelling errors bit was a good book . i would recommend this book to others . yolo . baller .
great except the hard board
it is not up to standard nor one of his better stories . not the most believable and i expected more
thought knives would be sharper . but like the that i can keep them on my oven . handy to use .
good product for best results need to soak in water to work goodgood price no black specs in water
it broke weeks after i bought it not happy
dress is very pretty and fits my daughters ag doll nicely but the sequence keep falling off of the dress .
battery are ok but not longer time . thanhyou .
my wife reports that this is not working for me . fits good though and worth trying for a cheep fix .
the navy or white are prettier and this sleeveless style is less stylish and tight around the arm holes .
the words as the character describes life itself will warm your heart a bit . very good short read . all recommend .
i like to keep playing not having to buy stuff , so i keep playing the same screen over and over
they are good now but i really doubt that they can handle many washing machine washings . their durability seems unlikely .
this may have been my fault i may have ordered the wrong size . i should have went a size lower
i used them on the ramp of my shed . they work okay but will start to become brittle over time .
it was not a bad book just not my type that i normally read . i may try reading her again .
i was expecting to learn more about mister rogers . the documentary does have beautiful video clips of mister rogers though .
doesn't live up to the console version , but still enjoyable .
great protection for my macbook pro but could use a little more storage for charger etc when traveling basically happy
so fun but i would rather pay a small fee and have unlimited play . buying coins isn't happening and sucks .
short cord didn't come with everything it said it would . it works fine though ! great price at the very least .
it is a show that showed promise but , did not deliver . it is ok but , not a must see show .
the output power its not high enough as specified , the real output power its arround with respect the specification .
i wish they were brighter than the low beams i cant tell the differnce at all but still very cool
this works great as a screen protector , but it isn't anti glare . and that is the reason i bought it .
i havent tried it yet . i hope it works . it doesnt look good quality , worth the price i guess . thanks
described as published .
it's ok thought it was a case mis representation if itself . should of took pic that it was a sticker .
love the vest , but may need to modify the arm holes . otherwise a great vest . sturdy , good looking and warm .
i expected much more . an indepth explanation of her technics . nice pictures but just glosses over many of her details .
what a shock to go back to the early years of steeley dan . i enjoy my music and the memories
i like anything new in zentangle , so this book was interesting , had great ideas for zentangling letters , i liked it .
hanes is a gr t mens underwear product , no doubt , no question , but just sized as an xl is somewhat small
it does have some refreshing peppermint effervescence . it does not , however , match the intensity of maul pitchell tea tree products
got this for my son . he loves it great for fall weather .
not very durable
buien
i am partial to the death wish series . i liked this one the least . it seemed too far fetched .
the charger was not for toshiba satellite it was with bigger tip . please double check before sending items to people .
it's indiana jones and the last crusades during the civil war era . plenty of action , interesting characters , good story plot .
not your traditional bath mat . i use it as a towel . disappointed , but it works as a nice towel .
material quality not so good , as usual for this brand , but its ok , at the work work for the sun .
neither controls nor buttons work on rooted nook tablet . will try later on mt g and g x . hope it works though .
every thing was great and looked good except the cord would not work at all . too much trouble to send back . er
thought it was going to be a better toy . i guess it's doing it's job for my granddaughter .
sometimes dosn't work .
these clip ons weigh on my glasses and push them down . i do use them a little but not often .
it works ok not better than the old one i had , easy to installed and i find it on amazon .
they are better than stock speakers but nothing special dude , they are under twenty bucks . good enough for my beater truck
flash too much . it's ok though , rather use it at night .
they are very fragile and some have come apart . i will definitely be buying some other ones that are durable .
pictures on flippers are actually paper stickers that may peel off even before you reach the beach pool . otherwise it's okay !
it fits perfectly , but it is not the most thin case i've seen . i wish it could be more thinner .
i didn't bother to read the dimensions . they are very small . i don't expect them to last long .
i love the look of this sandal but it is wide and not as comfortable as i was hoping for .
i have found it fairly easy to complete the puzzles i've done so far . it's challenging but still all right .
i would urge the author and editors to have the book professionally type read . otherwise , a good read and very interesting .
quality was poor . two of the clips broke when i tried to open them , and i only opened one package .
works fine but doesn't work at all for windows ! wish that had been made clearer from the beginning .
i liked these glasses . however , they look black and white in the picture , but they are more black and brown .
they were a little bigger and thicker than i thought but they will do . ya i guess ill recommend these .
they are short in the rise if you are long waisted or if you are tall . they feel comfy though .
before i downloaded this app i couldn't find my downloads in my phone . this app makes finding them much easier .
too big .
broke after a few months , not getting another one . no point
hard to find some items the hidden objects did not match what i could see on the screen made this game difficult
cute , but no straps for the top . also sewing is poor but hey it was cheap !
not the cd i was looking for . still good songs and will keep looking for the one i want . word
the product works great but the cord is very short this product is only for close ups
looks great , but after a few falls , the case has broken
the case wasn't in the best shape , when the description says it was like new . besides that is was ok
not that sparkly . but looks ok . not bad , . not a rave either . there's just no wow factor . especially given the gigantic size . needs more sparkle .
if there was a way to adjust the bungy cords it would have been great !
ok beach read . ending was something of a let down .
attempts to prove that socio economic status is much more a hindrance to advancement than race .
didn't love them at first , but grew used to them . i would definitely purchase another flavor to try and recommend .
the dvd quality was great , except the volume was a little low on parts of the movie .
kelp supposed to be healthy not shure if it really is .
this is an extremely small amount of liquid and thus overpriced . i have no idea how useful it may be .
i would like it more if it would stay closed . it has a very weak magnet will not stay closed !
my dad and i had some difficulties saying some of this but some twisters were not even twisters so ya !
jack black in good form in this movie . funny , good plot and well acted tale .
okay . informative . some of the info they cover seems speculative and could be eliminated . otherwise it is an okay documentary .
a good reality for lots of abused people . it makes all the truth real . it helps a lot of people !
need more functions , might be helpful if run in a inch tablet . if you need an android developer please contact me lol
as a soap , i use daily for washing and showering . it seems softer that the same brand in the past .
it's am ok read , not good but not horrible . i probably won't continue reading the series unless they are free .
this is just the instruments . it is very pretty but i want to find the song with the words too !
this is a great story , but , i think that it doesn't have good of acting .
not like other inkjet , this is more ink than others , it can refill still , anyway , worthy it , dell black t
the plastic pieces inside that hold your cards separated in a short time , the plastic inside is what is torn
i purchased this for yo gdaughter on recs from website . she was less than impressed . for very young children .
their relationship went from to in a few paragraphs . subsequent drama was interesting , but female characters weren't very memorable .
i've seen it several times . always entertaining . very dark and violent but fun . i would definitely recommend it to anyone .
there's nothing spectacular about these shorts . they're shorts . but they are less expensive than in department stores . they're comfortable enough .
needs to be bigger
aceptable .
this had a few ok recipes but i just didn't see where making these ahead was very helpful for me .
i am attached to the white iphone s . color is thin than i expected . it may not agree with white .
i have bostonians that are years old but these shoes are not half the quality of my older pairs .
makes u go to restroom like crazy ! could not take pain of stomachgood luck to who ever takes it
the look of the the phone case is pretty awesome but it's very loose fitting and falls off easily .
makes screen too dark .
early sf interesting write style . fun read eara its written makes it usual and abuilding block of the future universes
good for kickstands that need to be cut . used on my grandson's bike and it works . no marks from kickstand .
boots were scuffed , and desperately needed a good lint rolling before i could wear them . otherwise so far so good .
if you consider reading a script with embedded suggestions hypnosis , then this book will teach you how to hypnotize anyone .
too small
honestly i only bought the album for the song mr . bartender the album is okay in my opinion .
this was a great story book but it was far too short . and i really didn't like the ending .
this book consisted of a lot of factual information . it was really a little too much history for me .
a very good fake . bad immage given to inginus people . cheap jugement prejudgable behevior .
fraknkie has a few good songs here
works ok in the dark . no bells or whistles . battery hog . just ok ! arrived in small box promptly . not that great .
i bought it for my daughter . it is very cute but very big . she said it was hard to text .
the acting sucked eekkk the martains have landed i gave it stars for the special effects .
an interesting story . suppose this could happen anyplace , any time . leaves your imagination wonderingwhat will happen in futuredog park books .
does not look anything like the picture shown with the item . it is fishnet and not nearly is more see thru .
beautiful watch , the bracelet felt weak though had to buy a better bracelet . consider this when thinking of price and convenience .
eh . too short . got kinda confused on what was going on
stabilizes but top velcro pops open and it won't hold air
this app is ok . that's all there is to say . not great , not terrible . ok . better for kids than adults .
more of a romantic novel than military mystery . would have liked to read more about the subject in actual combat .
its okay , but didn't connect to the internet so i had to return it . i'm still waiting on the credit .
what can i say about them ? they work just like any other , sadly there just to thin for my taste .
it's ok . i didn't like the fact that the back of the body isn't molded .
it's definitely worth the read . i found it entertaining , but i'm not raving about it .
this is a good buy for the price . large caliber ammo fits well and is secure . i would purchase again .
i found an earlier book called the tri state tornado to be a better telling of this tragic weather event .
sloooooooow . and . i have seen my fair share of european british shows .
information was easy to read and very informative .
i bougth bulk , pieces . of them doesn not work .
legs stretched after wearing them only once ans began to unravel after the first wash
the gears could be better but it works , use it a few times a day at work . i would recommend .
ok
good size and look , but this is grey not black , false advertising . but overall this is good deal for price .
don't use it
the quality is a little on the cheap side , but it works .
decent read for a rainy day . not challenging but reasonably well written for an action thriller with just enough smut .
espere mas de este radio , pero me es uacute til , ya que estoy lleno de interferencias
locking latches are a bit flimsy , but price is right and good enough for light trips with small pets .
a little to gender pacific .
this was o . k . pros nice setting , soothing musicgood workoutcons not enough explanations . not good for beginnerspretty boring and monotonous
could have a better fit with the reflector for the aaa minimag but it is brighter than the regular bulb .
nice fit , nice look removed the plastic ring in the front tho it kinda made it look tacky
i like especially the traditional songssome of the later or own creations could have been omitted
like a travel book , good descriptions . even though you know how the story will end , it was a cute read .
typical kids toy , of course eventually they all break .
i am sure there's better books out there .
the coating appears to be chipping away after minimal use . perfect size for what i needed . oven safe true
fitted kind of small for its size , but overall was very good quality expect heisenberg died in the end , damn !
better books and recipes online . there wasn't a whole lot here , i wouldn't have bought it had i known .
looks good , but has very weak wifi card . the speakers sound very low . rest is ok .
this cd is okay with a glass of wine remembering the old times
this is pe doing what pe do best , and that is drop knowledge
returned it because picture appears nicer than in reality side not sown has a lot of black .
the product is good but it looks different than the picture . it works good , the shipping was fast .
it does what it says , but it wasn't what i was looking for . though it's neat to play around with .
misleading advertising . i bought because it said it came with cd's . it's bs to find outyou have to download them .
helps you to grove a swing using a wood not useful with irons , because they dig into the artificial turf .
the band was cool at first but then the band stretched out and i had to buy another one .
cute design but a flimsy case . does showcase the color of your c model iphone 's though .
on frame is too thick to switch on and off it look cute with my bathroom theme . good reasonable price
they looked really cute ! but the rubber part ripped on one of them after a week of using it
really liked the case but the belt clip broke in the first month . would recommend if replacement unit lasts longer .
haven't tried it yet . not sure why so many words are required for a product that i have not used .
swords and sorcerers , three hotties . weak story . protagonist is thin . not worth driving out of your way .
not my favorite of connelly stories , but i have to read everything about my favorite los angeles detective harry bosch .
these ar okay embroidery snips . they don't clip very close when i am cutting the threads on my embroidery machine
i like the concept but my very active dogs seldom use it .
good book ! can't wait to see conclusive dna results . do think he is guilty !
good for my grand children .
quality product . solid wood construction . wish the lid was attached . my mo just takes the lid off instead of sorting .
while the dock works ok , the fit is poor requiring two hands to load the note ii on the dock .
good quality , comfortable . i'm a big guy and these are the only briefs that i can wear .
could have been a lot better . the idea was there but too much going over and over the same things .
not an award winner and not as good as my big fat greek wedding . light viewing for a boring evening .
these appear to be pretty well constructed . colors are pretty true to the photos . for under definetly worth it .
i enjoyed this book , but it took me about pages to get all the people straight .
i returned this product because when pulled , it tipped over far too easily , causing much frustration for my beginning walker .
this band is good but they aren't english majors . quot farther seems forever quot seems just about right to me .
not bad . really wish they had been like the old ones . had any give to them would have been helpful .
have to stay pretty close to the unit but good for working out
it is simple and to the point not many extras . good enough for the job of viewing your ip camara .
the story was good but went on too long with too much information about self help anonymous groups .
it's almost with very little growth will not be purchasing again . small growth after but not very much ! don't
it's thicker than platinum which i like better . nothing wrong with it . it's just ok . i gave it a try
i wish it was richer blue . it's almost green in some lights . not much different than the army cases .
my husband would give it . i think it has real potential and hope that it will become a series .
eh ! not my favorite book . but most people seem to love it .
i was so excited to order this for my husband that has a great record collection . sound is not great
fun game , good for a wide range of ages . requires focus and concentration . would prefer a little more interaction , though .
its okay a great case for a small phone i really liked it i look forward for more items thanks
i bought this item for a friend for christmas and he used it while snowboarding and it iced up continuously .
it was okay . it was just a gage gift and it will fit the bill for now . it came fast .
good binder . but rolls over a bit top and bottom . good price . good service . fast delivery
i was unaware it was a picture book . i am adding twelve more words to complete this review . thats all .
it's got some good recipes i'll try . if you love pasta you may find some in here you like too .
some parts fell off and it is not sturdy .
doesn't cut very well and a little bulky for preschool hands
did what it was advertised to do . . . . . . . . . . . . .
it's ok but very cheap looking .
very corse for medium very rough for medium . still this is very good for roughing out the edges . not reordering .
i can use my own brand of coffee when i want it . saves money . easy to fill and to clean .
good feel
i wanted more of this story and can't wait for the next , thought it could have used a better ending .
instructions are sooooooo confusing , really bad grammar .
dull action dull scenery dull pacing . the strasbourg production is much more colorful and lively . singing is adequate in both .
they accommodated by resending new product . it was okokay like when i was in person buying it in miami
the finish was great on item but the mount for the stator wasnt perfect the holes where a little off
it would be better if the holster would come with it .
a little too basic for my year old son . would be a great book for younger kids .
no box whatsoever . my year old niece wasn't impressedquality was decentnot as awesome as the real deal
hard to stay interested in this one . plot was good but went on way too long . not a great read .
at lot like stefanie plum novels . which i really enjoy i would read another book from this author again . thanks
the item was much smaller that i had expected . however , it is very good quality and would purchase if larger
very well , have it travel is very useful , not back a bag , i feel very good i feel very good
good interesting characters . story is a bit predictable . i believe a better twist could have been found for the ending .
this a really cool app i recommend you to get it really cool app you guys should get this app
this has a very small band and barely fits my yr old for whom i bought it for . disappointed
i cannot get it from the cloud . i have tried numerous times . amazon was much easier before it started using cloud
not the best book available . it's ok for a st timer book but that's it . pics for everything ! !
received the package and every bottle was cracked and ended up leaking all through the packaging . flavors were good though .
it's helpful for someone who hasn't visited the places . it depends on how much you know or want to know
it needs some getting use too . and installation under mount is expensive it costs by ikea be aware !
a book more for adolescents than adults
nice look but thought they ran a little small ? big dogs ?
is exactly what it says it is . took a long tome to arrive .
base crumles as try to intakll be carefull , did work after being carefull will noe reorder good luck peoples
they don't last very long as they are made out of foam thus not durablecute and ok for the price
case is functional and offers good protection without bulk . it does not provide much of a tabletop stand . good value .
a free download that allows minutes of fun . love time management games and this is in top twenty or so .
would have liked more patterns
actually the pillow has a navy blue background . otherwise it appears to be very well made with a nice zipper .
good book , it could do with some editing for mistakes . i'll be looking for the next one .
does not keep correct time , loses about to minutes per month . simple , cheap but would not re buy again
it was free , but not engaging for my daughter . i would have liked to see more variety with the pictures .
wrong size to cheap to send back maybe ill find some one who can use it . anyway thats the story glory
the adventure search for ixis nagus is great and long showing more enemies out there than eggman like the destricutive squad .
good book , i really enjoy stephanie bond . she has real way of writing and keep you guessing . i turkey recommend .
it din't look new , but it works . and thats what matters . for the price i am happy with it . thank you
i loved this product a lot until it suddenly stopped working and i was unable to get it to charge .
i expected more for my money . i really expected larger hoops and was disappointed when i received the medium hoops .
the shoe ran a little small , gave to my granddaughter ,
my dog ate it . he is now a demon lord and has an army of hellhounds . run . it is your only hope .
a lot smaller than i though can't really hold much . little girls got a kick out of ballerina .
really short but great book . would have liked more details . the many christmas miracles were touching , but a but unrealistic .
hard to get the strap in
easy reading , but long winded . the type is also a bit small . otherwise , it is organized beautifully .
when i saw them and held them in my hands i was a little disappointed in the quality of them .
so so its what you get for the money
the socks are too short , the need to be a little longer . the material they are made of seems good .
too long inseam , needs to be hemmed
does exactly what it says but just expensive . would buy again just for gimmick due girlfriends obsession with the camera .
be aware that the content is about the british secret service in wwii , not american .
it kept my attention rather well , i love horror flicks , plus found this one kind of funny here and there .
it is what it says its the wax for your board and works as it says it will .
i haven't really yet had a chance to use it , but i think it will be valuable for future use
i gave it stars instead of because i like the cape and history . predictable , okay time filler , no suspense .
it keeps a lot of the fizz in the can if you can get it on without crushing the can .
the birds were a little on the smaller side , but that was really the only thing i was disappointed with .
i was unhappy because i was not able to exchange them for a smaller size at the same purchasing cost .
chopper need a little balance work and better get extra battery , mine only lasted three charges . otherwise a nice little bird
good idea , my husband love this case . but fit very bad . please make another better . the idea is good . coolthanks
it made me laugh . i was surprised i liked it . not my usual type of movie . a little bit silly .
battery life is good . plastic quality is a bit flimsy not so good . wireless distance poor . very poor indeed .
it's fun but make it a little more tricky in the next cut the rope and more fun levels
too small . i would order it a size bigger .
very happy ! looks good , works great and just the right size . numark mixers are very easy to use . thank you !
how do you even clip the damn thing around your wrist ? i thought there'd be a clasp of some sort .
more hype and regurgitated info and thoughts , but price is right
i suggest buying a size smaller than your waist . unless you prefer them a little baggy . overall very comfortable , though .
nice look and good construction , thank you .
big hype but just ok . weak characters and no suspense at all ! this is a book for the bored sexaholic
i thought this book was quite different than anything i have read before . strange but likable story and characters .
kinda irritating if it's not set on the stand just right it won't charge .
a little confusion at the start , but this is what makes it interesting , keep reading , the end will surprise you .
too slow and cumbersome . the most disappointing of cumming's books thus far .
this book was fairly helpful but didn't have as many different doodling pages as i'd have liked .
they felt to big on my feet so sent them back . they seemed to be built well , just to large wide
i enjoyed the book and stories but didn't like the lame endingno . surprise , i had already figured who did it
i only gave this refillable spray bottle stars because when you spray , it leaks so you are wasting perfume .
great movie
i like the colors and the case . i like how it makes my phone looks . the case was easy to put on .
cute , but you get what you pay for . flimsy fabric and more for decoration that actual use as a stocking .
wont stay on , probably will work better with a pair of booties on , otherwise so far so good . ? ?
the sex in this book is the same , everytime they do it . not very creative . wasn't enough of the story
i do not have my product yet
it doesnt sing and the animal sounds are somewhat distorted it plays the instrumental version .
the market has changed considerably since the creation of this program , still there are some very good strategies in here .
it's just like farmville on face book , except it's dino themed instead . you build things you things you level up
i love the idea of the stand . however it did not come with instructions so its all in pieces sad face !
it was fine . i felt needs more bass . other one ahd little more bass , i think . it was cheap .
not the best of converters but i will work with it since i already bought it wouldn't recomend this product
not the best quality , but not so bad for the low price , not returning , but not ordering anymore at all .
i didn't enjoy this book as much as all the others . i was a bit dissapointed in this one .
too hard , which makes it difficult to work into the string . it also is hard to get on the rail .
a good dragonlance the meetings sextet books . if you like the dragonlance series than you should diffently read it .
our dogs were not thrilled
they're . totally coping the app temple run ! you people probably didn't have an idea so they decided to do this
good info and good tips .
this book was a great help when i started my internship and was unsure of how to write progress notes .
i guess it is alright if you . like a challenge for yourself but i wouldn't reccomend it to anyone . really hard !
my dog managed to destroy this by walking into it . it was ok for the price but not very durable .
i did not like the way it made my hair feel but it smells real nice the detangler works
very comfortable shoe i love them . my first pair of pikolinos will definitely look into other shoes from this brand .
its terrably over priced for pieces of cloth . i cant tell the soft side from the other one .
its a little hard to get the controller onto the charging station . other than that it works great .
the flag is starting to disapper within a week but its alright for a minute i guess it is so
super cute , but it will not last long . bought this for my sister and she liked it . well it lasted .
very satisfactory .
delivery took way too long and ended up not getting before ski trip . decent quality and cheap though .
runs narrow and size too large . very lightweight , low profile shoe , but the black is more brown than black .
didn't fit in my car but passed it on and it works fine
the book was sent promptly and in condition as promised , thank you for responding to my e mail .
although a quick read and fast sex . this book shows love and passion can exists through the years . thank you
does the job a stylus is supposed to do . use several items and i would most likely reorder this item .
it's blah not really what i had expected . i think it might even be breaking me out a lol more
love the butterfly pattern , but rug is thin .
nice but all to modern for my home . some nice ideas to decorate the home but just not my style .
some of the patterns are above my knitting ability , but altogether a lovely book .
these are probably just as good as any screen protectors i have bought . i would recommend and i would reorder .
it's bigger then i thought . i wish the size was smaller . the bigger size makes it fall apart to easy
no real dramatic change . i guess i have to use it a little while longer to see some significant change .
it is ok , but the foot rest cover doesn't fit and the arm rest covers fall off all the time !
this is a great skin wash ! your skin feels very clean after the wash . however , not so effective on acne .
not much new here . if you can honestly make scripts sound natural coming out of your mouth these are fine .
i realize that buttersworth is trying to make money off his dad's name . it is one of his better attempts .
i was hoping for more substance . this book skimmed over a number of historical women with questionable information about them .
so far its ok . i didn't get much chance to take a good look at it . busy festivities this year .
short book , crash course for off grid living , he does mention . try off on our own by ted kernsok
the recipes are great tried a few . electronic version difficult to navigate . perhaps a hard copy would have been better .
these boots are narrow . lacing them is time consuming . love the back of the boots . wrong boot , but right look
i really liked the blouse , but when i got it had a lot of thread hanging everywhere .
it's good for the price especially if you are going to add it on to your existing amazon order .
i used it along time ago and thought it was great so bought some and i guess it was ok ?
has anyone else noticed how this book's cover is almost identical to savannah comes undone ? savannah comes undone savannah very odd indeed .
didn't seem like it was worth the wait . looks nice , not sure how long it will last .
the pic cr of the book was fairly slow . it was an ok read but not really all that entertaining
we haven't used it much in class yet , but it seems like it has good tools to use for counseling .
the slendertone doesn't outlast the gel pads !
it is hot , but not as hot as i had expected
old fashioned fairy tales from a different age not always a good thing but the illustrations are beautiful
entertaining story reflecting the deep south , mississippi , in the nineteen sixties . characters are believable , endearing . a good recreational read for all ages .
eery view of rumsfeld . movie does not set out to make a point and just let's a man talk .
loves the tail but difficult to actually swim in . a lot of pools will not allow outside swim aids too .
nice game . interesting concept , just not my cup of tea . i would suggest getting the demo first . download was quick though .
just like others near this size , i don't get all the little bubbles out myself , butput them on anyway .
average quality , low grade fabric , but will give to a friend who maybe able to use it . will not return .
this was ok
could not find in any store so had to get online , glad we were able to find it here
needs more features on the app , an better quality pix . thank you very much for taking my comment byr
it's to small , how do i return with no packaging slip ! over all i thought it was a nice looking .
this book was very predictable and fairly boring . it is the second and last book i'll read by this author .
there nice but very thin almost see through but nice . i'll keep them because i don't where them very often .
these batteries don't hold a charge as well as others i have .
fits a bit small
has the wrong description , was no polyester , was expecaly a nylon , spend the extra money to buy one in person
this did not work as intended to find pet urine stains , but the blacklight is pretty cool on its own .
light does not work very well . can not read the time at night .
i was a little disappointed in the hardness of the fabric . it wasn't that comfortable either .
i think that speeding up this song didn't do it justice . it is a boring version seeming like it lacks feeling .
i ordered this , but there is no prefilter . when i contacted , another filter was sent , with no prefilter .
not really heavy duty less than a month and already falling apartu get what u pay for nnn nnn
pretty cool face mask just wish the material used to make it was better
loved these headphones but broke after around two weeks of moderate use . the speakers just stopped playing . really dissapointed
i order a medium fits like a large . soo not too happy . so order a size smaller . love ashley n
how do you rate a sponge , it is what it is ? i guess it works like it is suppose to .
read baby brother if you enjoy quick and straight to the point plots . its filled with suspense and action packed .
in search of ancient ireland was good but not great . the other disk , over ireland , was not good .
i purchased size small and it was too tight . my forearm size is inches .
grandsons watched this movie . i only watched occasionally . they seemed to enjoy the action in the movie . it was okay
i buy this for my wife and she likes it . i guess its good . hasn't changed her mood though
sencillo no ostentoso , escrito de manera adecuada . perfila de manera correcta los personajes . pero la historia no alcanza para sobresalir .
i tried . i kept watching . but i still couldn't get attached to it . like i did firefly . different genre i know .
poorly printed book , cheap see thru paper . disappointed in the quality for . , not bound well . content very basic .
only moves the head , upper arms and upper legs . good if you want a statue . not great for little ones
they were too small i ordered the 's . and they were too tight otherwise they are nice for everyday bummer .
was expecting it a few weeks earlier , only had cd in paper case . however , it was a very good price .
meet my expectations . for the price , does its job . no issues at all . should be cheaper than other competitors . thx .
in addition to reading , i enjoy playing games like this on my kindle . this one is both challenging and satisfying .
the bouncer is a lot of fun for my two year old ! he loves it
i thought it would come on a spool like this but it was cut into a yd piece only .
it has a nice feel to it but it didn't fit my nano good costumer service thought
lost the user manual , does anyone remember how to set the an alarm time for this , thanks . please let me know .
we received the item in a timely fashion and they are in good condition , perfect for on top of cupcakes
great item but , a bit smaller than ones i've purchased in local stores for same price
this game is a bit boring ! what can i say just the wheel spinning without any exciting levels is boring .
had highlighted all thought the book but i used it any way . enjoyed the reading and it is very informative .
sent back did not need . can use icloud and google drive to get to documents i need
the image on the back fades quickly over time
entertaining and they manage to suck you in so you want the whole series . good fun approach to superhero stories .
good for an old edition , but it would sure be helpful to know that there is a newer edition
i like it better than my two cats do ! or perhaps my cats just aren't smart enough to like it !
there was nothing really bad about it and i learned a lot , but somehow wish it would have been more .
a different take on vampires although not a bad read , i won't be continuing the rest of this series .
it was okay because i had it on e reader and i couldn't see the videos overall good book though
adhesive could be stronger . had a couple of incidents where light picture frames have fallen off wall . disappointing !
great idea , but i returned it because it did not have a sophisticated look to it .
muy buen material , muy entendible con terminologia entendible al usuario que no tiene conocimientos tecnicos o de sistemasgran trabajo
works pretty good . is a little loud but not much louder than running the disk and normal fan
it was to short of a story if i'm going to buy a book , i like to get y money's worth .
there were no pins included
the finger hole arrangement is not so comfortable . the sound is quite good but not for big hands .
really good quality . but they were kinda smelly when they came out of the bag . i still loved the bands .
good , but had a dry residue on the inside of the back that wouldn't come off so stars
it was ok but , i think i already have this one ! can i trade this for somthing else ? thank you .
looks like a great app . i couldn't get past the first page in the light version . i'll try again later .
not too bad , not great . very forgettable , but if you're looking for some filler , it should suit you just fine .
i think full size means a great size , but is a little small i think .
i like the aroma but i much prefer a stronger cup so i brew a smaller size for afternoon treat .
the book came on time and in excellent condition . i thought that it was a small book for the price .
clear thoughts on why soldiers do what they do and their feelings about their actions and the service they provide .
kinda cheap feeling but it does the job for the i guess and the stylus pen works very well
it was o . k . but they really didn't keep me awake and they did nothing for energy levels . but was worth trying .
these are the right size for the sham cover , but the material and stitching leave a lot to be desired .
this works pretty good and is inexpensive , if you need this . try it , and maybe you too can get organzed
a science fiction storyanthropological boo hoo . . out of
he is always entertaining . i like that he shares his knowledge good and bad .
was not that good because they didn't do much stuff with all capone does my hairdressing her interested in it
nicebook with history and suspense baked in for good measure . this is a recommendation that is unbiased from me
i hate tom cruise . should have been better action . decent though all in all . the usual mission impossible . oh well .
sick smaller than advertised . definitely not true to size . kind of thin for hanes product . would recommend to a person with wide feet
very nice looking but way too small for big breasted women . trying to sell them to friends . more words unnecessary .
does anyone know who sang the original house music song from ?
so sowhen bored and awake worth checking out for awhilepay attention and look all around the roomcheck your inventory options
the game is really fun , but it can get really confusing sometimes . over all though , it's a really fun game
just ok
nice long story , pretty well written . now what happens ? . how about a sequel ? if not , we'll thanks for the read .
i purchased two of these paints . in different colors . these fit well . except for the disturbing incredibly large . i returned them . a
difficult to find a french book at a good price . the book is very used . fast shipping though .
i ordered my usual size , but the shoe was nearly a full inch too long . i sent it back .
pop rocks , what else is there to say . god it for the kids .
buen producto , todo excelente , pero tenia un problema con el bot oacute n de c aacute mara , no funciono .
out of the covers only two had sticky stuff that would stick to screen . so out of worked .
it broke after awhile , but i'm not sure if that's from normal wear and tear or if its just cheap .
there was no details on size if it was regular fit or slim fit and i think this is bad
. so i exchanged them for a smaller pair am enjoying wearing the new ones .
i like the movie . at beginning of the show there is some sound distortion but goes away after a bit .
not sure when i bought this . like to see date . not sure when i bought this . like to see date .
ears broke the first day . not what i expected . hard to push the volume buttons . but still cute . and cheap .
this particular book is not one of my favorites . but each of the readers have out own taste and opinions
not very accurate
would sometimes not mount and my clicking noises . had to unplug replug usb cord a few times for it to work .
this came highly recommended . if you're over then life has taught you everything in this little book and more .
sometimes the game wins and sometimes i am the winner , mskes you think of moves before deciding what color .
it's surely a good book , but not as good and interestingas quot blood meridian quot .
the case arrived promptly . probably as described but it didn't fit my phone . i found one that did on e bay .
if you are looking for a game to use your credits with no rewards this is the game for you !
i recieved screen protectors and they were ok . i place a proctector on my phone and it last a while
a little unstable . it holds coats ok but it fell on our granddaughter when she tried to get her coat .
grace's infatuation with nick ? was pretty juvenile , but over all it was a pretty good book .
was okay enjoyed it . liked that the series was all out and did not have to wait . nice fast read .
the button is somehow as expected , not good quality but reasonable compared to its low price . it's working till now .
nothing exceptional , decent mid grade product . the price is right , so that makes it a little easier to swallow . enjoy it
really , really heavy and makes me look like i have a white mask .
entertaining and thought provoking nevertheless . would u go to any length to ensure the survival of the human race ?
whatever . its a brush
the story itself is good and the characters interesting . for me it is the writing which is lacking in depth .
these are nice but i thought the plates were bigger they are for snacks or sweets .
stethoscope very light . easy to use . can hear really well using the product . very tight eartips though .
its ok little thinner than the original one when i tried to answer call with it the calls are drop
this shoes are really really cute but quality is very cheap . i guess you get what you pay for
i just got this app and it is making me rite this review before i can unlock a tatoo . sooo there
this seems to make my lips feel dry and the stain doesn't last quite as long as i had hoped .
never sprouted
i got fooled again . this is al green in anaheim'everything's gonna be alright'just repackaged . got me again !
great for kids , not a bad adventure for the littlies , great pictures . wonder if there are more adventures out there ?
it's ok but not what you would listen to driving . would be good at christmas with a skinfull of grog .
well made video . i like . happy , hape , happi . the quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog again and again .
. but it's okay . i might try shaving them down . it's nice to have the retractable cord . three more words
i bought this for my boyfriend . he really liked the bracelet but after a few wears it started coming apart .
good case but just a little high on the price ! i will not be buying again from this place ! ok
i love the look material , but as for the size it's too small
works as i remember from many years ago . purchased as a christmas gift . kids should love it .
i had to return this cute cover because it doesn't come close to fitting my new kindle paperwhite . so sad .
the item said it was for knitting well it's not it's just for crocketing ! i wanted wooden knitting needles !
highly dependent on your internet connection fourteen more words to insure that people waste time reading results that done matter .
all the code examples are in c . a vb developer should look elsewhere for com instruction .
i enjoyed the book it was a good read . i could see a lot of my self in this book
very light reading and predictable . i found it too much like some of his other books . not to my liking .
it was entertaining . i like foreign based movies . the story line was interesting and held my interest to the end .
looks a little cheap but works quite well . not bad for but go to the store and get one
great book . if you are interested in the workings of tivo this is a must have
i order size . , and eur size is . but it is a little big , like eur size .
great read . i can't wait for part two because i know it's going to be just as exciting and crazy !
it's a cool product , but i already have a smart tv and a ps . just a little too late amazon .
only about way thru so far , nice graphics and decent puzzles , but the spelling and grammar errors are terrible .
have not used yet so can , t review it . appearscto be made well like all apple products . w , ills give a review later .
your map is wrong . the map shows eagle rock but it is in pasadena near los robles on colorado .
its ok but it could be a lot better though i thought it would be a lot prettier pink though
it tarnished quickly and made my sons finger turn green . but he still loves the ring . go star wars
this read was a page turner . isn't really my kind of book . would be good if your into horror stories .
coat rack stand was generally as described but a bit more flimsy insubstantial than expected .
broke the day i got it
the movie drag a lot at the end , but a good children movie over all . no so much for adults
i can't say anything bad about the tips , but this electrolysis machine is a total waste of time and money
great story , either bad trabslation from french or bad editing .
good read with lots of info . enjoyed reading it . learned many things about jewelry i hadn't known before . nice pics
ights burn out after mounths
it was an ok movie ! want to see the second one !
it was a good love story book that i couldn't put down an when it was done i wanted more .
not as good as her earlier books but overall a good read . i highly recommend all of her previous books .
the original mirrycle is better . i don't care for the ringer lever . not as loud and harder to ring bell
would have loved for this one to be longer . i think it would have made an awesome book . liked it .
starting to get a bit predictable but still enjoyed some of the plot twists and surprises that this season held .
it's a good book but i think it colud be better specially the introduction and type of food and cages .
product is awesome . zappers are great ! have played resident evil and zelda cross bow very fun
it's a good book of poems , i'm sure i will enjoy reading this book in time , have always enjoyed poetry .
to small band
really overcomplicated . i bought this to do live recording and it is more suited for demos .
had to tuck cover under wheel wells too big for my kia sportage , but it does the job for the price .
the fan is a bit noisy . it has a fairly good flame effect . i just wish the fabric fluttered better .
it's a great product but you get three brief for the same price on the champion site . makes no sense .
many can be figured out by unscrambling letters rather than by the pics . needs more letters to mix it up
the sweater is beautiful but not true to size . they run a lot smaller .
its ok
easy to put together and looks nice . but is smaller than it looks . the storage is great for small items .
they're good chick flicks
haven't figured out how to use this versions . can you tell me where i can get this information . thank you .
great fit very customizable . occasional skipping of sound disconnect . brief but sometimes frequent . your brain usually fills in the gaps .
cute shoes different fabric makes them more casual . pointy toe so kind of uncomfortable . i don't wear these much .
very pretty but the battery holder goes outside the clock which separates it from the wall about a half inch .
coffee filter helps coffee tast better , not cheap , may not be needed if you have good tasting water .
well written and useful overview of matters to be considered in opening a solo law practice .
this was a good read . a bit too short , needed more info on the haunts . it was good and interesting .
no scratches yet it freezes a bit , only game i got that does this .
good read story line went off track in places .
the sheets are nice but not as good as i would of expected when count threads are involved .
i tried and tried , i put it in sunlight , electric light and it still does not glow . i'm frustrated nooooooo
was not impressed at all !
very expensive and nothing out of the ordinary
although it is dark , i can see the light at the end of the tunnel .
interesting but mostly boring . set around ny , but could apply to most urban cities of post war america . worthwhile reading .
only reason i gave it stars is that it was hard to put on once you take it off .
this was the first time trying the product cant say that it didnt work it just took longer than advertised .
it works , not much to it !
leaves a residue on floors .
thought she might be the next coming of lil' kim or eve or trina . she's not . but she's not horrible .
very interesting information but the presentation is so drawn out and dry . i'm inching through each chapter with true trepidation .
no noticeable difference taking this formulation . seems to have little or no effect on psp or msa . have not re ordered .
toy was fun enough however we were under the impression it made noise but it is probably good it didn't
it good , but it doesn't have all the names . it doesn't help me in researching my family history in scotland .
to see this group live . the lead singer is excellent but it's not one i'll play over over again .
this supplement will decrease your apetite to the point that it will help you eat small portions and be satisfied .
i like the lens but the macro is a but diffiicult to work and the auto focus is also hard
glasses where what i wanted but they where to small for my head . do they come in a larger size .
good
rockport men's shoes was fit as expected . but my wife's women shoes is too large . i disappointed by this purchase .
it's a very beautiful necklace , the colors of the stones are wonderful , but it's a bit larger than i expected .
everything was great , but it didn't have a hole for the charger
the focus was more on the music than on the dancing that would be done to the music .
kept your attention but figured it out about half way through . would recommend to any teens , young women or older
it was a little slow and i did not like where we were left at the ending
it s okay but a bit larger than expected .
i got on here that i bought in a german gas station . didnt know you could get them here
i like this helmet . great fit . back strap for goggle strap perfect . bought mine last year for only . including shipping .
alot of for skimpy shorts ! sperry shoes run big , but their clothes run small ! the size chart is inaccurate .
this movie is kind of interesting but it doesn't successfully create the cliffhanger vibe it seems to be going for .
couldn't really decide what i thought of this book all in all it wasn't bad , but nothing terribly memorable either .
at for e pages i seriously doubt there will ever be a legitimate review here . lol extra required word
i found it difficult to lock , i have to play with it every time i want to lock
book is mainly written for the organic gardener . this leaves out some important information about using modern chemicals and fertilizer .
it was some what out of date . it didn't have the latest flash equipment . i sent it back
similar to tetris and others like it just not as difficult
the mango flavor in this tea is definitely there but i just didn't care for this particular black tea blend .
excellent keyboard and mouse the keyboard does not have a light to signal caps lock a minor point , a major problem
it was just ok i guess , i like watching it from time to time ! the stars had pretty good roles .
zombiesthe writing style just rubbed me the wrong way . i felt the writer was too tongue in cheek for me
it is good except the dodging is cind of werd and u don't get a lot of coins per fight
hasn't arrived . no response from seller . i am not sure they are in business anymore .
this short story gives you a closer look into four's mind . personally , i think it was worth the cents .
cools nicely but i keep having to pull them up . would be nice if they went over the shoulder .
works well , has a great feel to it . if you game a lot it will peel apart where your wrist is .
the case fits well but is much thinner than i expected . also it is difficult to push the side buttons .
to short didn't like that it stopped so abruptly the series should be a little longer . read in an hour .
it was funny , it had not occurred to me that congressmen would rent a house like that . it was okay .
a bit on the far side , demonic . a bit slow in the beginning but the pace picks up . predictable ending .
my nephew kind of likes it but it lacks volume . i wish it was louder compared to his other toys .
good price , moderate quality , easy to put on the screen , i am quite happy with this product , thanks so much
this is a decent product and we'll worth the cost . you can hang it anywhere including on metal objects . thanks
i think this will be a good media player for my mp collection . it was easy to download and install .
not what i expected it to be . i could of found something else to purchase other than this . too big .
it was pretty but definitely not inches . it was more like inches .
i like them . i bought prob size larger than i needed . they r fine . just wear them around the house .
informative . not exciting . these are the words required for me to leave this review and exit this app . ok .
it's based on a very good story . it's well told , but argo is definitely not the best film of .
skipped through a lot of it but it is just that . basic housekeeping . would be good for someone really young .
bought this bookcase for work . the base is plastic , will see how long it lasts . didn't come with assembly instructions .
don't like how highly adhesive these are . i have owned another brand called dimrs and they weren't so painfully sticky .
does it's job fairly well , but seems to take awhile to become ready . all in all , i am pleased with this purchase .
the ear buds are great , but head phones are uncomfortable and had to use super glue to hold them together .
loved this book . this book pulled you in and kept you wanting to read more . i read in one day .
nice looking jersey . quality could have been better or maybe its just me . not as they used to make it .
there wasn't enough fish swimming , looked at the coral mostly and the colors weren't as vibrant as the goldfish version .
wanted something to improve the lookof my back yard building . they are ok , but , did not meet my expectations .
it is just okay , don't see any difference in my skin , very overpriced , i do like the smell of it
avg gane for the time doesn't in itjust life the old computer game for doszip a very join
pro for talk radio programs has a good clear sound . con for music lacks basefits ear socket fairly well .
the games are short and simple to get your fimiliar to the wiimote .
this was not wonderful , but okay . the small legos do not stay together very well , but my granddaughter loves them .
it is good for very small kids but doesn't have a lot of variety . needs more to keep their interest .
i am satisfied with this product , my copies are very clear . i would recommend this product to other prospective customers .
the book contained some very spooky , interesting events and locations , but some were childish and did not hold my interest .
i expected a heavier piece . i don't think it is comparable to the cost . service was excellent . xxx xxxx xxx
excellent game but does not work with vista . xp can work st games but fallout does not load
i was hoping it wouldn't have a weird smell to it but it did . it didn't even smell like lavender .
good product just be aware of the loose fit , you may have to get a size less than you expect .
i received this with the spices spilled all over the inside of box , so i never got to try it .
not bad i mean don't really have much to say its one of those horror films but an ok watch
i just felt that after reading this book , i still knew next to nothing about taoism . the search continues .
not so taxing on the brain cells . light and relaxing fun . you can breeze through this game pretty quickly , hopefully .
cute and short
didnt find it easy to use . will not recommend to buy . i preffer the doughnut . chipped as described , affordable , looks durable ,
same old stuff as all her other books . but still fun to read on a cold , sleepy , and boring night .
ok
they should be on their own sheet . they are a lot alike . wouldnt purchase another for that price . thank you me
the ebook has a few errors in it but the recipies are amazing and i highly recomend a look inside .
seem well made . nice arch support . but , they are too large for my son and will need to be exchanged .
beautiful , majestic , sad , unfinished . not a happy read . one gets the feeling the author just gave it up , sadly .
came defective it s a bit cheapy
did not include weighted gloves . otherwise , okay . price was right though . i am using it and see some results . thanks
some flour ingredients are hard to find . i will have to go on line to find hazelnuts and other flours .
to small thought it was going to be bigger but i guess not . not what i thought it was smh
not what i expected but that is because i did not read the full product description . still purity nice though .
very bad taste . can't even imagine it
works as expected .
ok if you want to zone out without much thought to game . probably would not recommend to friends or neighbors
black paint round the case is chipping off
i liked it so much , i purchased two more to be given as a gift .
it doesnt stay on the phone very well , keeps coming off
i'm getting these short repeats with nero as well . the problem is more fundamental than the software .
i love it but it was somewhat large so next time i should order smaller than that size thank you .
i didn't pay attention that it was vhs so my mom has it for when the grandkids come over .
i found this to be enjoyable , if not predictable . it's a great book to read if you want something quick .
good story but many archaic words . hard to read . i'd like to read this in modern english . good story though .
i just completed jewel star and dragon gem just wasn't challenging enough for me . it's a nice game , but not for me .
the vw beetle transporter restoration manual wasn't for me .
it didn't say that there was writing on the inside cover of the book otherwise it was fine
pretty much a barebones kettle . it heats water and whistles . still working for me after years of moderate use .
backrashs occured too manybut i could feel it is very soft when i castedim satisfied quiet a bit
these are ok for a while , then chip and break . won't buy againl
the divider panel was missing although the slot for it was there . we needed the divider to separate food items .
it don't look like the picture the material is too clear and thing not too long either how i expected
this game will hold your attention . great color and graphics . life like with plenty of playing options available to you .
didn't see much improvement after using it . but it's not bad . at least it can moisturize you skin . no harm
it was made out of a felt material . the little straps felt like a cheap plastic . it an alright product .
doesn't fit a king sized matress .
if i had picked up the book in a bookstore i wouldn't have bought it .
i didn't think this was one of his best books . i am a big , big , big fan of this author .
it was a fast read and an enjoyable book , it was very sexy and romantic . i finished in one day .
didn't expect this to be green .
the graphics of the game i would wish that they were better . its already it is too cartoonish
expected better . i think that not all ads comes fully described the announcement could put more information , less bad
using on my kindle reader with no tech problems , i can read the books but the type is very small .
my fault , i was looking for ipad cords , these work great on iphones but do not work on my ipad .
this antenna picks up most channels lot better than regular rabbit ears . if you adjust and rescan you find other channels .
kills most weeds on contact , but doesn't kill the roots . good organic substitute . i'll probably buy some more next season .
my corgi is still barking with this whistle . my cat is going crazy with the sound but the dog not .
your large was way larger than the larges at our local stores so was expecting the same or close .
i found the book to be a little bit slow at times , but the end made it a worthwhile read .
frida , my dog , says these are the best socks ever . almost as good as the blue ones with pinkdots !
the material is cheap it looks much better on than off if you have a hour glass figure like mine
it's not my best beyblade but it is pretty good
not much to say except for a . mic it works pretty good . would i recommend it . sure . enjoy it .
i have a pair that i bought a few years ago , these are narrower at the ball of your foot .
this item is ok but not really a polka dot more like striped . but my granddaughter still liked them .
i bought this for my year old and she said there was only a couple good songs .
my package was without the x touch stylus only i have the black case and the screen protector .
two short stories easy read predictable endings not sure of original release date but definitely several years ago
beware . shipping charge of for mailing two disks is gouging , plain and simple .
nothing flashy , but is sturdy and does the job . it's also fairly slim so it doesn't take up much room .
for some reason the polish does not set , and i have to increase the time to get the job done .
it doesn't automatically print both sides of sheet , have to load manually . didn't realize this when i ordered the printer .
unit was much cheesier than i expected from the description . not heavy duty at all ! not made for heavy use .
well written teen novel . it's romantic , filled with what if moments . very easy to read .
book not very detailed
it was good to see the old actors actresses again out there doing their thing , but the story needed some help !
the jokesa are very nice and and beautifully crafted topic wise , though some of the jokes are not so funny .
there okay but not very sharp suggest getting something more longer or at least sharper great for first time beginners
really thin . not great for medium big dogs .
the product is as described , but the size was not included and they are too small for me . will return .
could be better , the audio cd was not good for keeping your attention and in some ways boring . skip it !
sometimes the lid falls off while my kids are pouring . but i never have trouble with it .
kids broke game before it could be used .
dont recall this item . xxx xxxxxxx xxx xx x xxx xxx xxxx xx xxx xx x x x x x
the filter is a little thinner oem part but fits fine , though it definitely feels cheaper than the oem part
saving only from the manufacturer's website price , not . and not sized for kitchen use either . too small . .
very cute dress however the quality of the workmanship is not great . seams are crooked and hem was crooked . disappointed .
not quite what i expected from ridley pearson . i'm used to more adult stories from him but it was okay .
if she thinks she has a drinking problem she should spend a bit of time in my circle of friends .
the turtle charm arrived a day later than promised which was a problem and was smaller than expected . price not bad .
i wish that you had the newer version of it for free , but you don't . may check for another version
this book could not quite keep my attention . too much forplay
product okay
to many small parts . need a pin crimping tool for best results . kit was missing pin .
the stamps pull off and get jammed inside the holder .
the mower was advertised as new . it was full fo grass and the blade had damage .
was not as good as some of his others . very slow going . i'll wait on next one and hope for better .
basic information , but still useful for the beginner .
haven't used it yet . but have had them for other iphones and the lasted until i changed the color or phones .
for those of you who think this shoes are not white , they are . really white , dont let the picture fool you .
it's a quick read , a neat concept . it will keep one guessing 'till the end . lis wiehl does nice work .
good action well done . scary story if it portrays what the future holds for portable nuclear weapons used by terrorists .
the young man knows how to sing . i really like his song somebody get me out this mess i'm in
a good item . wish it were longer it's short , which explains its low price , i guess . but it works fine .
it is ok as a top coat , or just for a shine , but didnt notice any difference in nail strength
i was trying to replace a beautiful silk plant and this does not compare .
it wasn't what i was expecting i thought it was too small and didn't cover my head very well .
this was an ok book , felt like it was missing something but couldn't figure it out . good book for cheap .
this product was watts not and was not bright white . it seemed a little green in our lights .
this desk looks fairly good but most of the drawers do not fit properly even after adjusting them many times .
it's a good case but , some of the peices don't for together and the screen protector is to small !
a couple months later and the zipper is threatening to break .
it was not quite what i expected , but it was nice . i like the radio version a lot better .
they seem to work fairly well , i just have small hands , and they are a bit long in the fingers .
i normally wear a small and bought this in medium but it fit great . making it fitting and comfortable . sexy , !
i thought this book was funny and i love the girl's ! jen is always saying stuff that cracks me up !
i can't get this remote to work yet but i'm still trying .
unfortunately , just meh . tina fey is obviously super awesome and paul rudd is , too , but this just falls mostly flat .
it has a few cute ideas , wish there were more , i was looking for cupcake decorating ideas . will continue looking .
works
this was an eye opener and i remember seeing this movie back in the day when it first came out .
it was new so it was perfect ! i enjoyed this very much . was a bit worried but it was great
this item works fine . it's practically identical to nintendo's sensor bar . may even have a longer cord . no problems whatsoever .
i play with my family and i suck at it but it's still fun to play people you'll like it
the case did not fit the samsung galaxy s properly on the upper corners . will stay on but not tight .
once all the 'players' are introduced , the outcome is pretty predictable . a little more mystery would make it more interesting .
not at all what i expected .
the picture shows crest cavity protection . i received crest tartar protection . i went to amazon to buy a specific product .
not a bad book , not the greatest , but i would read more by this author . too many characters , a little confusing . jan
good read . slow start but gets better . love reading dean koontz . never disappoints . love his books that include special animals .
it fits my phone sloppy , not a tight fit . it also took about weeks to receive , came from overseas .
a great addition to the story and he loved the way she wrote it . hope there is more to come .
somehow it just didn't hold my attention . i'm sure it's a great book for a history buff . nicely written though .
the new keyboard worked great . the delete key failed to work at first but , did after the keyboard was inserted .
bad sound quality
this book is more for parents and their interactions with their children . women with children could better enjoy this book .
i like all the angry birds . the christmas update for seasons keeps freezing and forces closed . please fix the glitches
found it to be depressing . personally like upbeat books . recommended to me by a friend who loved it . thank you
quick read . silly mystery with good characters . read this over a lazy weekend . could have done worse things with my time !
they are very light weight slipper . this was . for my daughter with ra who has swollen feet . cute . easy on and off .
if you already know the color and it is a nice shade i reccomend you to order it t y
prayer is said correctly but there is a misspelled wordwish you could go over it before publishing the ring
good tools but not everythng i needed . i will take full advantage of its usage . a very good priced item .
i'm not a great fan of this type of book . for those who are i imagine it would be great .
it's soft and wide , but it's not waterproof as it was advertised ! water gets inside through the side stiches .
size up more than usual . prepare for exchangesit's so cute though . looks very pretty on the right girl , y'know
this is a pretty good sudoku . it is a bit hard to see my options , but overall plays just fine
i thought it had more information , i might find a use for it . i'm glad it didn't cost very much .
it works for me , after i changed the band . leather gave me a better look . keep up the good work .
this game is okay , we just do not play it very often , we have thought abouttaking it off our fire
my review was stars because it didn't end and i couldn't read the notes that were on the pictures
this book is the basic nursery rhyme . i bought it for the interesting way the pictures were made .
the author failed to tell us when and how the mother told her children about her illness ! too many recipes .
they are cheap , look cheap , feel cheap and basically fall apart . but , you do get what you pay for
nice reading on a snowy day with no place to go . story was interesting and characters were believable and real .
i love the color , but wind whips through it pretty well . must be layered .
make sure you don't mount this sticker to your car . it will fade in the sun in a few days .
there is a discount day after my purchase , and lost d in one day ! feel very sad about this
ok . but the graphics need to be better . also could they add more players . again better graphics would be nice .
i will use it but i guess i expected more in the way of ideas for using the different shapes .
just wore them . some soreness on my left big toe . am not sure what the problem could be . maybe time will tell .
have enjoyed the samples . will not purchase puzzles as it was advertised as free . wish there were instructions for use .
i had to use this for school . it is an ok book . i mean it's a textbook and kinda boring .
it is sometimes helpful for me . if you know a lot about minecraft it doesn't help you that much . bananas
i think i expected more . i think i expected more . i think i expected more . ok , ok , ok , i don't want to say more
okay but definitely not thought provoking . the writing was okay the subject less interesting . to fill my words blah blah blah
cute , haven't used them yet for fear that i have no idea what they are made of . but still cute
slow starter , its hard to collect things to play longer than minutes a time without spending cash . overall , playable .
very technical work on canadian fraudulent transfer law an insightful of how these issues are resolved by the canadian courts .
this book is ok . it has some interesting stories . and some limited practical uses .
first two chapters of the book fell out . wasn't as good as shape as listed .
it is very reasonable to buy and oprice is very competitive . service is ok compare to others and may consider
never got these , don't know why , really wish i knew .
does not include garden pole no mention in description even though photo shows one . should be clearly stated . very misleading .
i like it a lot but it can get really boring and when i say boring i mean really boring
my error on the size , but it still works just doesn't clamp down like the correct size would have .
they were really cute charms for the money but kind of small . i thought they would be a little bigger .
there are very few books that i don't enjoy . this is one tht i had t force myself to finish .
some of batteries provided little power on pre charged may be due toshelve life in the shop to long .
it wasn't what i thought it would be , therefore i haven't used it nor opened it !
i did not care for the language , the sexual over tone , the theme just not for thefamily or me .
if interested in thomas jefferson , this is interesting and informative . i found it to be a slow read and not captivating .
you really can not go wrong . its a good tripod for dollar that it asks .
works fine for stationary object . don't use for hair products that move i . e . flat iron , hair dryer . it is loose .
it works as advertised . just made of painted steel . nice product , but . i would have preferred and paid for stainless steel .
it not a bad product but had to assemble with partially stripped threads . need better quality control on making product
worked fine until i started using the updates , then it took extended periods of time to get a gps signal .
i really liked the concept of the light but unfortunatly it's not very bright which is disappointing .
the seeds were viable and they all sprouted .
directions could be clearer but it's fun and you can replay level until you get it figured out .
not easy to win .
really just more of the same . good guys never miss and bad guys are complete morons . it is what it is .
good reading for all ages . keeps you guessing an shows how faith in god can change even the hardest of men .
nice bag , seems sturdy but the zipper already broke on it . disappointed but not worth trying to send it back
what a tragic story . a bit long winded . i wonder how much of the emotion is lost in the translation .
this cd should be beatiful without the sustaing pedal on piano vibrato on cello , dynamic and agoge bearables .
plastic disc in cap fell out and cap leaked . had to modify plastic disc to get it to stay in .
cute , simple and very innocent story for young adults ! i would have preferred a little more of a plot .
seriously , they're huge ! these were supposed to be months but they're enormous and my baby is in the th .
it's okay but would not purchase another
all the information in this book can be easily found searching through the internet without a lot of digging through
sweet but predictable . very much like a hallmark movie . the subplots added some depth to the movie that it needed .
hard to complete challenginga for hard game and different . kind of different but similar to logo quiz . i like it .
candy was great , but there were a few packets missing .
it's okay , but not what i expected . thought it would be stories from the people who died and came back .
it was good taste was different but ok i liked it . i would mix it with a meal shake
the charger arrived after the estimate date . i would have given stars but the cable is way too short .
buy a cheapo hat . it looks old and useless in just one and a half months . not worth the money .
story was weak . don't waste your time . don't waste your time . don't waste your time . and don't waste your time .
it worked fine , until the plug that goes to the phone broke days after i bought it .
this game is ok . not too bad , not too good . lives need to spawn on a faster cooldown . overall net .
it is ok which u don't have to waste coins to guess the singer but it is good
i returned it for a lcr ? there was nothing wrong with the original product , just needed a full lcr meter
it was interesting , but not really a lot of new information . the later episodes may have more new info .
the straps are too big my foot slips around way too much but otherwise comfortable and great look
it's ok but i wish i had checked it out from the library before buying it . not what i expected .
expected much more , getting worse with every sequel . hard to follow the story , charters does not develop , not funny or adventurous
i think our small puppy will like better whn she gets bigger
i would have liked these shears more if they were a little heftier . they are sharp and cut without pulling .
the book was great , but the ending seemed like it should have another book series .
it has broken after months of use . it is just made so cheaply . is anything made to last anymore ?
i have used this as a marinade for seafood mixed with a little teriyaki sauce . it is very tasty indeed .
would not have chosen the book on my own . it was chosen by the book club that i belong to .
decent backpack but couldn't make it through the entire year for an active young boy . it looks really cool though .
product good , shipping was in time in good conditions i will continue to shop with amazon perfect service , good price
book in ok condition , but it smells fungus . no sign of use that is a problem . book is fun to read .
this is more a romantic fiction rather than a mystery . this is not a star read . i was disappointed .
kind of grusum
a bit to gory for us , but probably . for the day , it was pretty accurate . good acting though , with daniel day .
my year old managed to still get fingerprints on his kindle fire but that's his fault not the products' .
it was interesting but i could put it down . i also thought the ending could of used a little work .
i did not use this g yet , but soon . the rate of this g is not real .
the story line is going along its pretty good then blink and its all wrapped up and story is over .
these were too wide for my skinny feet so i had to send them back . seems like a cute shoe
i did not do successfully i poured the liquid , frozen into the ice , but it does not get out i don't like
this game works a little differently than the game i have on the computer however , i'm getting used to is .
i needed bulbs for my dining room light . these give an amber glow authentic , but not bright enough .
was tight in my son . can hardly zip . but ended up keeping it because we needed it for our vacation .
the cord that came with the device broke in two days and the ports switch up their power outputs .
it's okay . the flip out tools are very hard to pull out . cracked my thumbnail and i have pretty tough hands .
this was the worst book i have ever read . it is stupid and very very short . it is so stupid .
i remember liking this movie more than i did this time . still was entertaining . acting was very good . nuff said .
this was an entertaining book , looking forward to the next part of the story . lacking slightly in description but interesting .
charm falls off frequently , ring on charm needs to be soldered so it does not fall off . tree is beautiful !
i felt the story should have continued it ended at what i thought was the real start of the book .
this text is highly readable and presents the majority of necessary entry level material in a non technical fashion .
pros easy to assemble adjustable height light , not heavycons shaking , not stable need to disassemble if you're moving out quite expensive
while it is twice as large it only last longer than a much smaller standard battery .
it seemed to be a weaker version . it was almost clear instead of the dark color i am used to .
the game is alot of fun and i got it fast and on time ! thank you !
the blue agave sweetener is good , but i prefer sugar , so ihave not used it as much as i should
thinner than i had hoped but nice colors
it works , and is easy to set up , but the actual range increase is not what i had hoped for .
happy with my purchase , having a little difficulty with hook ups , be in the long run will be quite happy
this device is very erratic in operation . it does not register the correct note all of the time .
it's a cute story lol quick read . i would definitely let my friends read this blah blah blah three more words
it dosen't enlarge with out being blury i was looking for something to make pics bigger not the same size .
a serviceable video , but it was not as long as booked , and it was not very exciting .
true alan dean foster , a nice twist to a strange story .
this was a clever whodunit . a good beach read . it was fast paced with some interesting characters . i would recommend it .
this burner may work on most of the grill , but it cannot be securely mount on the grill . not recommended .
looses feathers easily so be very careful handling . hoping it makes it until our show in one piece ! just okay .
this was a great app i was very impressed by all the detail put in to it i love it
different color , works
a little smaller than expected , however still cute .
product works fine , but you're just as well off using aloe vera gel which is much cheaper per ounce .
quick rad more like poetry then a novel . wasn't expecting that . however it was okay . not exactly any character development .
this book provided historical context for pre wwi , interesting biography of the countess . the back story of the real downton .
i got the fist one with handle stuck on half way , and the second one with similar problem . check carefully .
no instructions included . add instructions and tell what piece does what . not user friendlyi did use it to change some batteries
one good single and thirteen not so good to make up the package . and they're ashamed of bush ?
eh , predictable . lacking continuity . narrator nonsense pretty eye roll inducing .
the only thing is that it doesn't have a paper output tray !
my son is into super heroes . so he thought mommy was cool . daddy likes the super mommy outfit too .
this block is a little thicker than i wanted but it will serve the purpose it is well made .
a bit too gory for me !
i bought the both swords for my nephew's birthday party and both swords were broken before the party was over .
pretty pricey , chips were a little crushed up . price on the bag was a lot cheaper than what i paid .
nice cartoon .
both stories seem to start out well . but i'm not into teasers . so , you get three stars for potential reading .
set is missing one knife slicer otherwise , it's ok .
the book is funny , but it is not as hilarious as an episode of the simpsons . still , not bad .
. for a molded piece of plastic is a rip off . but also attaches to lens just fine .
the design is excellent . does not keep coffe warm for as long as i expected
they were good but , they ayrn't the beatles ! if you never heard the beatles you could love this song , but .
good story line the writing left me wanting . just satisfactory . don't have anything else to add , four more words required .
it would be better if the working end of the spatula was more rigid . heavy items will fall off it .
i loved simon as a kid and now my son has one . good memory challenge and a rainy day game .
i would recremend it for people who have thick hair . it does help with thinning it out they are good
although nice size and decent color , i returned the monitor because of the horrible view angle . not a great monitor .
its cute , but runs really small . had to return it but is cute for a smaller person not an adult .
i had to return this item as it was to long for the compartment that it had to go into .
it's leaking
too large
i was looking for bluetooth head phones with yurbuds but this works fine . however , i will still look for yurbuds .
fine , although the helmet doesn't really fit on the head and the backpack falls apart quite a bit .
good purchase for the money , but wasn't jumping up and down with it . projected time was week on ceiling wall .
got this as a surprise for my brother . it's supposed to light up . but does'nt . works ok he says . but won't last long , novelty item
i like this game it has crapy graphics but overall game is good and its addicting simple game but fun
very small opening was difficult getting them on
i can't find the last episode of season three in this boxset . it's like it got completely left out . sad .
the cup looks great , but when you actually out coffee in it , the handle gets almost too hot to handle .
if you like the show you will love the dvd collection filled iwth everything fromt he shows without pesky commercials
i like it and it's screaming trees for sure . after listening to some solo mark lanegan . well i miss screaming trees .
hate how it ended love the concept . great capture of ganster love . bad capture of thug life . over all it is just okay
there should have been in the tool discription comes with this . i bought is again ! for only .
i really do wish it worked better , it has not controll my appitite or cravings like it said it would
for the price , it is okey . i expected more quality , but according to its price , i think it is ok .
characters will be enjoyable to watch develop . the story was great an i like the take on the underworld . thanks !
problem of tar .
it's ok , i wouldn't want to read it again . if you like sea story's then this make for interesting reading .
i couldn't wait for this story to end . it was very long winded for such a short story . no satisfaction .
mathhews' acting is always the same and i dont care for it at all . one star for him . ok story line .
i never know what to expect of pkd , but he always subdues and disquiets the mind all in one go .
what more can you say about a charger . it came with the kindle in the same box and on time .
it works , but i wouldn't leave it up for any length of the time , the seal seems to loosen up .
its a nice way to learn the bible . the book is wonderful and my nice is pleaced to read it .
i really like the product . we transfer from one to the other between screens . the anti glare is a bonus . thanks
its a nice product for the price . kick stand works perfect . its not top of the line but works great .
super cute case but not very practical because it is so large . i still love it because it's hello kitty !
just a simple fantasy martial arts movie . nothing great about it even with jet li in it . would not recommend .
this was a very cute toy . lasted about a week . fun while it lasted . , . not to much after it didnt
i like these better than the dummy rounds wish they made a popping sound though
cheaper then usual . i kinda thought it would have velvet on the bottom but its great it serves its purpose
i love pride and prejudice and i love pd james but the combo was kind of boring .
ehhhhhhh stick with the little wood starters . they work better . . . . . . . . . .
it works as stated
the ending was disappointing . i guess i will need to wait for a sequel . hopefully it is in the works .
decent story . i thought that there was more that the author could have done with background and developing the characters .
i'm lukking for codes . sorry , i dont speek englisch
appearance and feeling are ok , but the music quantity is too less . logistic speed can be acceptedbattery time is short .
its okay .
you get what you pay for and this was very inexpensive . nothing more needs to be said about this product .
i like barenaked ladies , but only about half these songs on this cd .
no video playback with newer ipod models nanos , ipod touch , iphone . audio interface works fine .
if it's for a one time use yes . very cute , but trash bag thin plastic . you can find this at walmart
my glass screen protector cracked within about two months . it's still functional though .
this is a good cd , but could have pulled some of its better songs to compile .
it is roomy in the body area and does not fit terribly well , but for the price , a good buy .
it is nice . i thought it would be warmer than it is . it is a nice size blanket .
not as many options to gain chips as in the facebook game . hopefully it adjusts and there become more options .
this software doesn't convert all documents properly and is not easy to use . i do get buy on some documents .
i liked the way the author wrote from different character points of view . my attention was kept throughout the books .
it was tons o fun but didn't take long to find a more engrossing game . love animal voyage !
i love this game on my kindle fire , but when played on my ipad it is constantly interrupted by commercials .
i bought it large and it is loose fit very comfy but i emphasize its a very loose fit sweater
okwould play more then one timethe the the the the and and and one the cas not the
not bad but really was evidently not what my wife was expecting as far as a potty training video , lol
this series needs subtitles !
from now on i'll keep my vcr's clean up with this product , and so should you .
the design iand quality is very nice . the mechanism makes the overall item too heavy for me to handle easily .
not the best quality but works very good . it very light , what i love ! still have mine after year .
material doesn't really apply anymore but at the time it was purchased the book was educational .
cute and easy to read . it provides a pleasant division for a rainy day . the granny detectives are a hoot .
break easily and very tought to clean with all the electronic inside . nice effect with a lot of variation . fun .
ok for guest room a bit flimsy
i wish this book would have been longer . i liked the book overall , and enjoyed the characters and their personalities .
i wish it was more straight forward directions . this book was recommended by the nurses at my doctors office .
this is definitely not the best set of fairy tales that every child should know . it is not my favorite .
it is already an expensive shaver , but a great one , but these break and cost so much ! should be cheaper !
wish that the photos showing the zentangles had shown the steps better .
it seems to help get rid of the rat cage smell but takes up too much plug space . oh yes .
i have ever seen for a romance .
nice quality , the little shoe have a very good quality , the only issue is that is to small
this first pendergast story barely introduces the pendergast to come . he is kind of a bit player in this book .
have not played it yet , but will . it's hard to find the original monolpoly game and was glad i did
not what i thought it was so that makes it a little disappointing . oh well , it is what it is .
i like it but it is a little to small and i got a large so i can't get it
this toaster is not as good as i thought it was going to be . uneven toasting .
good read . sometimes difficult to understand , but very straight forward . short and sweet . give it a read and god bless .
this was supposed to be a replacement battery , but it doesn't really hold a charge so it didn't help me .
great sheets . soft but not dark brown
jammie dodgers are always a treat ! only reason i gave it three stars and not four was the price really .
worth but no more
it catches you quickly , but stops soooo suddenly . left me hanging .
this game is a huge challenge , attainable goals , keeps me coming back for more .
album a lil too contemporary at times for me , but overall i like it . like the raspy voice
the crown is not as high as i would like it . overall the hat sits very flat on the head .
my baby loves it so muchbut i give it three stars coz you can find it much cheaper at walmart .
fun and ok kind of boring not really for nine and under not quite understanding because of western talk ok
it was interesting . those girls were tough as nails . it was a decent video to watch while passing the time .
the writer did not hold my interest . the book was not as good as i had anticipated it would be .
i enjoyed the book pretty well , but probably won't put goldman at the top of my list of favorite authors .
it was an easy read and i somehow connected with the characters in each story . i couldn't put it down .
when i received the package , the box was open .
do not get this game i got this game and it froze in the first five minutes i was playing
it's supposed to be a comedy , it can be many things but comedy . anyway it's good for a weekend movie . !
the safari animals received were as seen on line . the figures were a good xmas gift for the year old grandchild .
even though amazon says other people bought it with a charger and battery , don't buy them . it comes with them .
devil's pawn definitely had some steamy sex scenes , that's for sure . it was written well and a pretty quick read .
don't like how charlie gives herself up so easily to dane . i am more interested in the excerpt of thomas !
this runs small and the item didn't work for me , unfortunately . the material and style are beautiful , for the narrower bodies .
it was ok a little to silly for me . i thought all the adults acted very , very strange ! but ok
ragen's political philosophy permeates her writing . the work is a message .
always fun to play the lego series . the required builds took too much time and slows gameplay
this was a good story , well written , maybe a bit preachy , but it was the era i lived , so interesting .
don't know if this truly worked . when i researched it , it stated to purge laxative yourself first , which i didn't .
the product does it's job . but the results don't last and the area of coverage is smaller than what i need .
wasn't much . at least some of the dialog was interesting enough to get me to the end . same old story .
the mold is nice but not as deep as i thought it would be . it showed up promptly . but very small
average charger . served its purpose . i had to replace the original since by dog chewed the original . will recommend this product
i was unable to get this app to install on my t mobile g running android . . please fix this issue .
worth the price but nothing special . it does what it does . not a photoshop but not a bad app either
top watch but the colour of the band was bright red not the muted orange as shown in the photo .
fits my s with otter case . a bit lose during endurance training . not waterproof
this pulley works , somewhat . we actually had to have it welded to the spindle in order for it to work .
it works great for keyboards and mice and all that . however it did not work for my ipod charger .
it does the job basically . one can't expect thin plastic sheeting to last forever so it's good to get a pack
good but could have used more informational detail . especially about their daily lives and more detail about the separate orders .
content was ok . typos took away from pleasure . will read next books in series though . and maybe other books by author .
cat power is a decent cd of cover songs but not as impressive as i thought it would be .
this is a little large but it empties easily . much good luck to you if you need this many pills .
it had some good cuts on it , but i would not rant and rave about it . it was easy listen music .
sort of a funny book , interesting names and subjects . certainly not a challenging read probably children could read it too .
it gave me a good laugh . it wasnt horrible . i've seen much worse . cant say i'd watch it again though .
it is ok thanks , not to much of a fan of the plastic butterflies , thought that would look better . none
works better than adapter when you need a forty five to clear space . it works and doesn't cost too much .
film started with interest , but same boring happy ending . need something new about people who gv out these parking tickets .
not what i expected , but my daughter enjoys it . it should have more fun interactions to keep her attention . .
reception not as good as i had hoped . this device was purchased to replace a failing year old unit .
truthfully , i think all ink cartridges are overpriced . performance is good though . i'll continue to use canon products for now .
the color was good , needs pockets , just could be a bit larger i would definitely think about buying them again
texture of material not as expected . finish looked better on the web . overall a good buy f or the price .
there be a redbox instant for kindle fire hd ? this program works if you are looking for a kiosk .
just what she wants for her new galaxy s ii , but its a little small on the top or bottom .
not the typical christie mystery by any means , but an enjoyable and quick foray into the cold war spy genre .
camera quality is very bad ! the door bell has a three sec . delay before you hear it inside the house .
this book arrived after we left for paris so i read and my son too after coming back from paris
yeah , it burns , and might even open my sinuses . but it isn't a slam dunk . not sure i'd buy it again .
i thought these were the higher micron replacement filter , oh well . i will double check next time before i order .
it's a cool thing if it worked out the right way . it does sometimes but often not so much . thanks
item met my expectations for a factory replacement part and is still holding up well under my working conditions thanks
great undies , but they need some bigger sizes . seriously , xl is not a great fit for a ' lbs dude .
i wasn't that pleased it appeared to be used and i have found it doesn't hold a charge long enough .
do not like doing this . must be an easier way to take up my time , like shopping , on amazon , really
it was good but very perdicatable
ask yourself , will my bust look good in this type of bra ? if not , dont be ridiculous to expect miracles .
is cute but in this pic looks red and is fucsia , but fit perfect in my year old baby .
i want to play this game with a joystick but i cant , i think that the game doesnt support it .
it was the correct item but it was so short i still ended up needing to use an extention cord .
to many glitches , but fun when working correctly , good for your reflexes . lot of fun with all your friends , ok
the heater lamp looks great but the cord should be longer and the lamp able to put out more heat .
its ok but its explicit . it should not there are not that many bad words in it . it is ok .
this is one of the smallest cut xl shirts i've ever bought . love the shirt , need more options though please .
the item came on time but seemed somewhat dirty and needed to be cleaned box and watch before giving as gift .
i have just gotten started reading it , but it's very helpful and easy to understand for old folks like me .
these are great to tuck into a lunchbox and keep things cool . they don't take up to much space either .
this book was nearly as described , with slightly more damage than i had expected . overall , it was a decent purchase .
didn't realize it was subtitled until i started watching it . it was just ok , wouldn't recommend it . three more words
not bad , but tom and huck should be together at the end of the book .
the book is the title i was looking for but it does not have the versus marked .
more of a personal diary . not much to glean for myself . interesting life story of a chaplain during a crisis
the image is not as the real product . it is fine . but not that goood . it is just just just fine
i bought it year ago . has been working finewould have given it four stars if it'd faster !
it's good quality case but the rhinestones fell off write away . but the actual case is tight locking and sturdy .
cute , but a little too clunky . shoe runs on the narrow side . cute with skinny jeans or skirts . xxxxx xxxx
i liked the design , rather than plain black . i just wish it had a pocket to store plug and mouse .
i liked this book but not as much as the dragon guard series .
too slow .
works fine came wrapped well . i bought as gift to my daughter for her clock . she likes it a lot
it's an ok book for starters . easy to follow and not really hard patterns . i would recommend it to beginners .
my kids really could not sit through this book . it's a meditation book for children with lots of repetition .
was not my kind of movie , it's o k
the series is getting a bit dragged out , but some good secrets were revealed . i enjoyed the book overall though .
spend a little more and get better ones , something heavier and easier to keep clean .
no better than other brands of inosine in my experience and much more expensive . i'll go back to source naturals .
flag is only one sided . it is hard to see what it is unless your close up . very thin material .
the item was listed as one size fits all . had to give it to my grandson . too small for me .
i wish it had worked better . it was okay for the price . i think a neoprene one would work better .
didnt seem to pack a punch like phenylethylamine
it is a good guide but dont have the example forms filled out like other inmigration books do have them
a good album , a disappointing pressing . a lot of distortion and surface noise . buy the cd .
these are the sandals i need to accommodate my lumpy feet . they feel good and look good too . thanks , birkenstock
while less expensive than what apple charges for their cable , this product is still grossly overpriced .
some twists , and some good acting , but basically your standard rom com . why do i need nine more words ? oh , sheesh .
nice huggies but they were to thin an did not keep beer cold will not buy it again a a
okay for a lite read . i think it was free or very cheap , it was good for that . good day .
easy to mount on wall but could have more air flow . very quiet motor so i sleep like a baby .
the work , but they aren't perfect for super hot pans . be careful . i bought these for cast iron pans .
the toy was much smaller than i was expecting and i found the exact same toys for . in stores .
a love triangle in which an aspiring bullfighter falls under the spell of a beautiful woman .
got this book and it was what was advertised . it was ok . kinda old but that was expected . this is ok .
this vest has a bad smell .
when i watched the movie , i enjoyed it . but , i still think the show is more humorous than the movie .
this was not my favorite john grisham book . the writing is great as always . i did not enjoy the storyline .
light , easy reading without being violent and having no gore to have to read through wouldrecommend for light mystery lovers .
it's not to bad , it is a little weak , but look nice i have what i paid .
the sneackers are nice . not so beautiful , but good material , well done . i am not sure about its durability yet .
it is what it is . the product arrived on time , right when i needed them to . they're for lighter days .
i wouldn't really recommend this one . it's hard to beat judge and jury .
no good quality
it has about hours of life but it will get you the extra time to find an outlet .
cover is terrific , but inside is bla . for the price should be more festive instead of plain pages . dissapointing purchase
returned it was very nice looking jacket but just a little small . would have liked a x in a woman
purchased the remote for use with my sony tv and it works very well . good remote at a good price .
grounds of coffee leak into brewed coffee if you put to much grounds into filter . you just get mud instead
it is very durable . but the rubberized plastic is so hard . it is hard to remove from phone when needed .
it was rather small . the zipper opening is really tiny , so it is not very practical as a change purse .
started off slow read but caught my attention the more i read . left me ready to read the sequel .
good format but not enough information on sites , hotels or restaurants for each island . athens information is not extensive enough .
the book isn't what i expected it would be but for being what it is , it is a great book !
too large
a nice peek into that time and place .
it did not fit according to size it was a bit bigger and stockier than i expected it to be .
they have a pink hue but don't show a big difference from my white pearl earrings . didn't bother returning .
this pool vacuum works pretty good has some issues with keeping it along the bottom of floor of the pool .
like jonah ! i guess i had great expectations for a good laugh , but not quite . maybe that , s what it was .
kwan has a really good storyline . i really really wish the book was longer . left me wanting more for sure .
it was a birthday gift for my brother . he watches that movie about times so far
sean penn , nicole kidman , sydney pollack . they could've created stronger film especially the end of it .
arrived already past expiration . oops . the product seemed to look ok , but i don't think i would eat something expired .
like the other dvd's which mention jules verne's very interesting to watch and to have for my movie collection .
a few laughs . good video and audio transfer . a decent story with good and interesting characters .
it was an average book . took me a little time to get through the book . i did like the characters .
i started ketos for the past weeks , i do sleep well at night nowand want to continue with ketos
it is ok for the price , kinda flimzy and has a tendency to fall apart if not handled with ease .
just not as great as i thought it would be . it would work if a person absolutely cannot have coffee .
very pretty , but does not keep the coffee hot , have not tried cold liquids
seem to fit fine and a bargain to date . still waiting to see how long they will last . i will keep all posted .
i haven't received this product yet . i'm sure it will be fine if i get the right item . thanks , cliff
this software does a nice job of producing pdfs . if you can afford abode acrobat , this is a nice option .
it smells great , but the scent fades after a while .
the boots looks great but the sizes are a bit big to compared brand . overall nice , looks good and nice color !
ok , but i'm not much into a lot of the news it offers . just trying out my new kindle reader .
this is nice to have but doesnt hold his head in the swing . but its good for the car seat .
it was not that bad , i started watching it thinking it was going to be terrible but was presently surprised .
the thing made a download and deleted my progress i was so addicted now i have to start over
the fabric that the bills logo is sown onto is very cheap , and the metal hooking device is very flimsy .
color printed characters were good however a thicker cotton lanyard vice a poly thin ribbon material would improve this product .
fair and i have not worn them out yet . the jury is still out on my opinion of this item .
i added this to my afghan collection but haven't tried any patterns yet . i might have an opinion later on .
it was a gift for a grand child . good reading . a bit expensive could have been postage free as well
ok for now have not noticed anything different but i am sure it is working for me for recovery . thanks
poorly made and good for small pots only tips over if nuged probably better on the pation thanin the house
i can't stand cent anymore the only reason i got the cd was for the justin timberlake song , hahhaha
i thought the ball looks fun , but my baby didn't think so . didn't get a lot use out of it .
would pay more if made in u . s . a .
ok i wanted more from this book it could have been so much better seller was good
the collection of chinese words are very up to date . fun if you are already an intermediate chinese learner .
it was a quick read and nice story to give you a idea of what is in the next books
decent story line , decent effects , ok characters . basically a solid series not great , but ok .
i expected more from the book . ? it doesn't tell you anything you don't know already .
the puzzle pictures are nice . the game easy and the answers are simple . hope the next level is more challenging .
these run very big keep sliding off my face
knife seems cheaply made and flashlight works fine nothing seem to be up to victorinox standards .
basic cat care . i ordered for the biting part and it sucks to take time for review to get it .
okay up to roger tory peterson becoming roger tory peterson . but i lost interest in the parts after that happening ,
this product works just fine . can't complain since it's nice and cheap . protects the ipod from scratches and damage .
i am swimming in it but happy i'll be super warm ! very long down my knees but perfect arm length !
fascinating but the writer expresses a right wing bias .
but it's too flimsy than what i expect . i have to wear inside very warmly . anyway . not too bad though .
understood it to be able to be used with both the r c and al simulator . only used with a pc .
the author takes a side , and like a bulldog , won't let go . zero mention of the benefits of hft firms .
i was spoiled by my old one which was a little bigger in size . other than that . it came on time .
poor quality .
great game . really fun . i just wish it would show the full logo after guessing it righti really enjoyed it though .
just as it says . it's okay of what i read . not very many books to select from freebies to read .
this one was okay . it could of tasted better . i wouldn't buy this flavor again .
simple read for the infrequent traveller . i was expecting some insider information , but it is a basic simple read . .
worked okay but picture quality is lacking and the batteries run out way too quickly sucks power like crazy .
the pads are great but , i ordered way more than i intended too because of the description in the ad .
they're kind of small for an actual pint of brew . a better description for these guys might be water glass .
nice read but to short for me
nice component speakers . goos sound , very clear . if you want to replace your factory speaker this is a good choice
this is an interesting book , but it reads more like a textbook . it lacks a personal narrative . informative , but uninspired .
this is helpful for research i am doing , but reads more like a master's thesis than a book .
neat product but doesn't clean well . i used it once and already stains from cooking that won't come out
looks like a regular ball
i like them but they run to small . it isn't an accurate size . they run smaller than a usual .
i guess i was expecting something more . not sure what i was looking for . not a list kind of topic .
a little bit thin , not very sturdy good size pretty colors convenient pockets . very good price .
works o . k . but don't know for how long . did not read all of the reviews before i bought itselling it now
after reading the ingredients of this product , i decided to give it to a co worker . i don't use artificial sweeteners .
there is lot of sauce and almost as much fish i usually get the smoked kippers which fill the tin
but item is smaller than your typical sizing . or maybe i just grew some while it was being shipped
i had to send back because one pair was missing the thread that makes the gloves work with touch screens .
the actual stickers were smaller than i thoughti should have looked closer and noticed the size before i ordered them .
there okay for the price
i think the labeler works well but it lacks conectivity through usb . there is only one color of label included .
most of the songs are kind of slow . i like their next cd and cary ann's solo work much better .
nice concept and nice packaging . it did not hold the amount of photos that one would expect . nonsense ! buyer beware !
a bit thin fabric
this movie seemed really interesting , but it was really boring . i couldn't finish the movie cause it was so bad .
track listing . ain't never . koo koo . explode . she's a rainbow
the information was good and the photos were mostly good but so small it required reading glasses !
the book is good . but shipping is so slow , it won't be there till the last day .
wasn't as large as i expected , should have read the information on it , other wise it is ok . nothing else .
ok
for the price , they are ok . they don't look like the picture . i wouldn't buy them again . i would spend more and get quality !
didn't fit the ipod as well as i was hoping , it was for my brother , he seems to enjoy it .
reading currently . too much info about the history and background of certain characters . it's not needed . i skipped parts . word
good read . i like catherine coulter's fbi novel . i thought this one was good . it was a good holiday read .
quality is not good , but for the price i paid it's ok , just ok for my daughter her friend
the movie is funny in parts . the title and cover pictures really does resemble the theme of the movie .
i bought for my daughter but do not know if she likes or not , well at least she has complained .
it is very nice but i thought it would be bigger . my wife uses it everyday . i servers its propose .
this is a fine backup battery , but has a significantly shorter life than the panasonic .
nothing spectacular but it does the job , would have liked for it to have had some kind of closure for convenience
it was a really nice case , but bad quality , the picture is starting to peal and the case is breaking
my husband is not that thrilled with this .
jackpot party is a fun game but i prefer to play it on my laptop . i'll keep playing it tho .
the first half was good with the short stories of jack daniels other than that i did not like it .
i'm working on it . i think i'll like it when i learn how to use it .
mostly as a dictionary . ok as a guide reference if you are already familiar with the stitches , not for beginners
not what i expected . but will get used to it . would not buy it again for just a money clip .
you might be better off getting one of the dirty tricks books . the information revolution has really dated this book .
it is amazing how obvious some of the symbols are . and yet you can not recognize them without the words .
works fine but i'm still looking for an electric shaver that will give me a faster , closer shave .
the color on the seat was great just what my wife was looking for . the quality is okay given the price .
it was ok good twist and turns but typical plot
did not fit my washer . returned
didn't work for my cats . still had fleas even with monthly maintenance products . did not reduce fleas on my cats .
this package has different items . for me regular charger is not working , but other items are working good .
show was never given the chance to grow and get better . lasted less than two seasons and never developed itself .
it works as stated , but the price is high
this product works well , i just ordered the wrong size . needed a full sheet of paper , not a notebook size .
the glass is very thin and i'm almost scared to use it for fear it will shatter in my hands .
the phone case was cute just like the picture but was not rubberized like it said definitely plastic case !
slow read , not consistent , not enough depth to characters
after filling with air , punch and bozo was down for the count . never to be boped again . sad day
crap bulbs that burnt my reflector dish inside blinker . covers looked awesome
it did not help me with my sleeping problem . i was told this would help with arthritis but it did not .
the light isn't as bright as i hoped it would be . other than that , it works fine . ssdkl jlkj j
i did not see the product , it was sent to my grandson in north bend washington . his response was okay .
not really good for the price you pay its expensive , and you only get a lil bit , tasted good though
came quickly , but didn't stick to the screen the greatest . may have been a installation error .
protects my hardwood floors from scuffs but chair still slides .
shirley has been pleasing gospel followers for many years and remain strong and popular . her star hasn't diminished at all .
there is such great literature just waiting to trap my mind and soul this was not one of those .
for people who like these kinds of books , this one delivers on laughs . however , it is too short .
i try it and it work okay but i always forget about it so it might work better for others
not as good as i thought , but useful that i use it to keep phone and pad for many occasions .
good way to pass the time . it is kind of easy though . i'm hoping it gets more challenging . we'll see .
it works , but itreally falls short in illuminating the whole screen and it causes some reflective bright spots . it's okay .
it was ok , there was pain coming from both sides of the characters that kept me intrigued with the story
lines up . but took forever to be perfect . plus no protection . i got the ballistic tempered glass screen protector instead .
gave these to my year old niece . she said she liked them but i never seen her wear them .
slow and dark but very well acted . lewis delivers but not for women and children in my opinion . guys movie !
not a bad game . i like hidden object games . i am always looking for new ones . some are so easy .
i was expecting some new ideas and more . i know it's a mini edition , but thought there would be more
really cute but runs very narrow . took a long time to receive approximately a month .
there is a tear in it and glue drops all over it . the fur blocks the camera , but it's cute .
i would have liked it if i would have received one undamaged !
very warm mittens . they do not wick the finger wetness so hard to remove and put back on during skiing .
lighthandles are not so strongother than that is a good choice if you are in a hurry hhh
got it as a free download . i don't really listen to it much . for the price it is fine . thanks
ok item missing the ar tools
kickstand broke off the first day i used it . the case is fine and i really don't need the kickstand
loved the characters and the twists in this novel . this was an easy read but it definitely kept me guessing .
i purchased this for a friend and she loved it . she loves the color of purple and uses purple pens .
works great at first in conjunction with metal free , but in a few weeks the metal stain is back .
finished it two days ago and can't even remember who was who or how it ended can't reccomend it
interesting concept , but beat to death .
was a short read but fun . cute story about trying to go on a vacation on the cheap . it's enjoyable .
it was a good read , not exciting but a good read . it was pretty predictible but still a good story
okay book but would not re purchase it if i had a choice .
i love the pants a lil tight in the waist which was unexpected but overall a good fit ! !
great little camera , very easy to install and use and good picture quality , the mic is of very good quality .
the cards keep getting stuck when shuffling . the cards did not shuffle eveningly . i was very disappointed in this product .
it was a little to childish compared to cars . wasn't expecting that . will not be renting planes . no sir ree folks !
the only thing i didn't like about it is i can't foreword or backword any song which is so sad .
it was a good product but it showed up a month later and it was tore . good otter box imitation .
this works fine for the money but does anyone know how to se the clock ?
i like the game , but the tiles are heavy cardboard and the tray to set the tiles is light plastic .
it was ok , but gun was a bit far back , under the arm , and shirt was a bit too tight
it's for my son he said the charger is weird itbtakes two peices and the phone is thick not slim
bottoms fit perfect . top was way to big . i was disappointed i couldn't order a different size tops and bottoms .
product was exactly as described . nothing wrong with it , but not entirely my preference . i would still buy other products .
pretty much only got it for dayz . didn't even bother playing the main game . wish all houses had interiors though .
shoe looks great but they run to size smaller than a running shoe .
not my favorite kind of movie , but love mr . jackman ! this film certainly lets you see a lot of him .
good read . i enjoyed it very much . interesting turn of the events from woman's point of view . read it for yourself now .
product works but sound quality is not great occasionally needs to be rebooted a basic service with so so quality
check prices at your local walmart store .
nice but it's a little uncomfortable to insert phone because of this microusb connector . but the quality is quite good .
good sound quality , tunes out all surrounding noise . others are able to hear if music is at a maximum volume
great book . good author . engaging story , i don't have fourteen more words to describe this ok ? ok ok om
great for the beginner . touches briefly on most every topic . not as specific and up to date . poor picture quality .
only the cover thas a photo of audrey , not my favourite agenda ever .
the game is a bit too hard for a seven year old to understand , which is who it was purchased for .
a fair well balanced guide to amerind warfare that neither glorifies nor condemns such
the pendant is really nice . i however wish is was a little bigger in diameter .
i think that the limitation of the levels that you can play is annoying and the games end very quickly .
ned to fix a old laptop , this di what it needed to do , perfect for it's job but nothing super
i like
was a little disappointed the sizing runs small , hope it doesn't shrink when it's washed ! saving it for superbowl sunday .
good product . but will need to be replaced in a few months , which for its price it's not too bad .
i found the color that i ordered was too bland for me . i would like a better shade next time
colorful and interesting ! the diversity of the human spirit comes to life in new york . best way to people watch .
this is a perfect app for a tablet but this app is not ready for that . also fc on transposing .
didn't fit the best
the cut seemed to be a little small , i will think about ordering a large . not impressed with the cut .
entertainingliked historical fact and fiction mixed together . easy to read . the plot was rushed at the end . overall good
there is often a background noise from the player that is heard with the cd or tape player . thanks , craig
like it for awhile keeps repeating levels get stuck will not respond glad it was free i wouldn't pay money
this tastes pretty good but is much smaller than one would expect for the price . there were only servings !
too small for squirrel catching .
it was a little puzzling for me but my son aced it first try ! i did not due to bad
got bored in the middle , editing errors didn't help
as usual good mystery but too much filler . unnecesary descriptions of clothing , weather , surroundings etc . needed for bulking up , i suppose .
i get less breakage with this brush and its easy on the kids hair so i luving your product thanks
can't wait for more !
it was interesting but i lost interest about half way through .
good product great price , i just wish the head swiveled more , it barely moves , but all together a great deal
the bowl is rather small but nice . might not be good for a big family . the lid gets stuck sometimes .
it was nice even tho it took a long to come in be we still enjoy it . were happy thanks
love the look of the sun shield , but one side always falls down the suction does not hold well .
flight scenes ridiculous but story of addiction is interesting . good acting throughout . worth it on demand , not at theater prices .
nice bra but a little high in front . love the fabric and look but like mine cut a little lower .
ehh . it works .
a little bit dissapointed i expected to see better results
good value , sturdy . tho disappointedthey stack only open end up , ratherthan on all sides as i'd hoped .
it works ok . sometimes it will just keep the charge where it is . sometimes it will actually charge the tablet .
not hunter s best . still , a thoughtful interesting read . good overall . enjoy on a quiet evening . will continue to buy hunter .
very tight fit on my grill , but seems to be doing the job . not formed to fit my grill as needed
did not fit the phone correctly . however i do like the wallet like feature on the case .
this was a nice quick read with family drama and mystery involved . overall , though , it was not an average romance .
p town loves you ! mr . cappola is hilarious both in print and in real life .
i like this series but this episode just lacked intensity .
its a tad to hard for me but if you don't mind that it would work for you . y
while interesting , and certainly provides information as advertised not all of the pages fit properly in the kindle fire reader .
i really love the design , fits my phone fine , but it got so dirty so quick . shouldn't get white cases !
the slices are too big for my liking and can't be reduced . therefore it was a waste of my money .
gears and parts are cute but you get the teeny , tinyest bag of them . very expensive for what you get .
no charger with it . takes very long time to charge anker astro e mah external battery pack portable power bank charger
this game was not what i was expecting . it is a little boring wish there was a little more action .
i enjoyed it so much . i wish i could play all the time , but wish i didn't have to pay .
interesante libro , pero no muy de mi gusto , muchos temas que no quedan aclarados a mi entender y muchos personajes
i don't want to write a review . i just want to know how to return this book and that's all .
the design is nice but the bottom cover slips off now almost regularly .
the vba examples and explanations were not as in depth as i would have liked .
this book talks about my bud draconis . should i be falling backwards in my chair laughing or fear for his safety ?
i was expecting a bigger puzzle , but it is fair for the price i guess , not a good value though .
the indoor dome was nice and i liked it but my husband was not fussyabout it . b
the colours are not prominent on beige wall .
it is pretty cheap and we unfortunately did not receive the color we would have wished . you can find better .
it is just an okay product ! it doesn't get your hair very straight and takes longer to dry . it's just okay .
it does what it's supposed to , but burned out after six months . it's an okay value for the price short life .
ok for the price
this game is good in its gameplay buts it dosent bring out the graphical power of xbox
did not fit my wood handle brush , the opwning is small . it might be fine for others .
the stickers are already peeling off . only three days in bracelet . probably engrave is best option . easy ajust to me .
interesting story line but at times was boring . all in all it was a good read and an interesting story .
its a good interview , summarized enough for a quick read . however , obama keeps being vague about his objectives and principles
i am pleased with this product . use it . there are no comments . advise . happy with my choice . soft , comfortable and thin .
looks nice but you can't charge it while it's in the case , which is a drag
it . looks purple but when i got it it was magenta color . but other than that it looks great .
product looks good is charges fast , light turns on and off when ever its wants . hope this is helpful .
works great bottle setup is a little on the bulky side
the charger itself is awesome . the retractable cord is a piece of crape . it actually broke off in my phone !
quite big and clunky . materials aren't as good as expected , but decent nonetheless
hands free speaker works well , not synced with my phone to make voice activated calls .
alright i got the product , it works well .
this book was ok , but the plot was convoluted at times .
the kcup containers have to be laid down on their sides to fit in the drawer which makes them unreadable .
it does the job , but wish it was a little heavier . it occasionally lifts because it's not heavy enough .
it is normal product . it may be cover my lcd . it would be better if there was a matte finish .
great card , great price . but why can't they ship it to canada ? maybe it's worth the trip to buffalo .
tasty with a bitter aftertaste . too sweet and too many extra ingredients compared to another brand .
wasn't as large as i had hoped , but still nice . i hope it holds up . i don't have any more words thanks
i'm sure the product works fine , but shipping weight pounds ? i don't think so .
i wanted a lighter milder tea didnt expect added color etcdrinking when run out of favorites for now
a very loose fit , the kids cant jump very high at all which i guess is both good and bad
there are air bubbles and wrinkles in the surface , otherwise o . k . finish is not as good as had been expected .
read other nutrition books by the author , did not discover anything earth shaking ! did not agree with some of the statements
yr old wanted this big dr . who fan but once it arrived it scared him
i wish it was just wave no music
great case , great all around coverage and protection inside out ! the flip out bottom can be inconvenient at times !
the website said that a medium was size but when it arrived it was . i returned the product .
not one of my favorite reads from him but a good read . but he is my favorite author by far .
i received white plastic ones . not what i expected but they work .
i love these earrings but i'm missing a feather on the bottom of the link on one of the earrings .
amercan . good
right . but the ipod is too tight plus it does not stay in the arm slides , and the material looks cheap
doesn't fit in pocket and sometimes too big . on a happier note it protects my phone . just a pain in
wasn't what i expected , haven't listened to much ok pk ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok okm
mine came with minor abrasions not worthy enough to send back
good action superhero movie , very slick and very hollywood . decent overall but no particular stand out points here .
this is nice , an does work alright . the units that have x magnification are much easier quicker to use .
should up half spilled in the container , but for the price who cares . did the job at our wedding .
so much better to use with a partner than yourself . not really great for small breasted woman but did ok
looks nice but does not trigger the sleep function in my bold so it is constantly dials when bumped .
cute , light story .
this order was cancelled after i spoke somehting else for my bed to the owners because i needed to buy
somewhat confusing and way too many characters . not baldacci's best , but certainly enjoyable enough to keep me occupied and interested .
i'm not really sure how to add anything to the discussion , although i could possible add more to the book .
. toy was a bit disappointing . not much to build with this toy . i would not buy again for my son .
the cost of the individual shows is too high . i'll wait for the season to come out on dvd . one
for the price i was expecting them to be much bigger . i think the cost should be half as much .
i thought this app was okay for younger kids . i don't really care for it but my daughter likes it .
this cd had a few good songs on it , but for the most part it wasn't too great .
high quality , quantity of colors were not equal .
pretty shirt . fit is way too small . ordered a large but fits like a small . can't even wear the shirt .
i'm hoping these get better with time . i think i need to wash them . they aren't very absorbent .
this book was helpful in some areas , but not understandable in others . i still have questions regarding windows .
it is what my customer wanted . that is all that i can say about it . they didn't complain . good bye .
i enjoyed the book but it didn't have too much depth or storyline . much of the book was very predictable .
not sure why i'm being asked to review . i did not purchase this item . guess i better check my account .
probabbly not the cheapest pads i found , but the work as intended . it seems costco has a better value qty available .
some of the songs do not play back right , there is a noise in the background
exactly what you expect to get
this item was for someone other than me , i haven't heard any negatives from her . i assume it is fine .
i bought this for my parents and it is somewhat accurate . i think maybe it will need to be calibrated .
kinda big
i wish it was larger , it just barely fits the top and sides of the mattress of the double mattress .
well done production , great acting , great soundtrack , but story a little lacking . but i wished there was more driving action .
good as far as it goes . i actually have better maps in my study bible . i like the additional illustrations .
the title of this review says it all . i've read all of austen , and this was probably her weakest novel .
buy local drugstore brands with the soft fabric flexible covers and you will be as satisfied as with these these .
item not at described . earrings are short and does not reach your shoulder as described . could be a little longer
okay , read about brushes and brush work . i would have liked more on different uses of synethic and natural bristles .
not great , but good . author could have been more descriptive , but what can i say , i ready through very quickly .
rachel allen is cute as a button , but this cookbook is lacking meat and not the edible kind .
the charge need fix no other problem i feel ok just using hope to get some improvements this is just my personal recommendations thank you
great watch . but the band is too short . will have to get a replacement band . otherwise it is very good looking
this book helped with the game . i am the wrong market for the book .
the top fit perfectly , but the bottoms were a large and fit like a small .
these are not the greatest quality item , but for what you pay for it , it really isn't a bad deal .
is anyone curious as to why they chose to use a photo of a martian landscape for the cover illustration ?
most of it i had already figured out , but it definitely helped . here are my eight more words to finish .
it is just a pen refil . i think i lmisplaced it already . so i bought it for no reason .
awesome looking but don't block out the sun hardly at all
i thought this was for everyone but the recipes are large quantities , just not for the home brewer . pretty disappointed .
love greg adams who is one of my favorite trumpet players , but this is not one of his best cd's .
too much alva not enough consuelo . interesting but a tedious read . same historical facts over and over . alvas selfishness appalling
the problem was the color of the stickers , they are not clear white , but they stil goodthank you hawever .
i expected more from the author . it was just okay . watercolor painting seems not to be his field of expertise .
quaint , middle school level review of the water works in the netherlands , with pages of photographs .
love them ! there adorable and just fun pair of shades for the summer . and yeah they are worth it yey
i was anticipating the entire grand canyon suite by grofe ? had the original long time ago , but has since disapeared .
not my type of film but great horror .
for fans of the genre . nothing really sticks out as great . pretty consistent standard stuff .
this model does not have the rotating feature , which makes it less useful . had to return it for another model .
it's ok . but feeling a little hard at first . not good for windy day . overall , it's good at its price .
the only thing i dont like about it . theres no acess auto lock button . but the nife is very nice .
trying to figure out cause of static when landline or cell phone calls are received . see my review for ds .
this sharpens knives but leaves scratches on the sides not that important but disappointing on my expensive knives .
i wanted something to extend my lashes , but i wanted clear . this does not extend my already long lashes .
i love jon hassell this was his first lpit gets better further down the linebut this is a good start
the songs on this dvd just don't hold my granddaughter's attention interest like the songs on the silly songs dvd do .
bought a size to big . scale down otherwise this bra will do you now good . best for just leisure wear
some of it great fetures do not work in other countries . be aware !
first neil gaiman book that i've read and i enjoyed it . it's a fast read with little twists and surprise .
it seems like a good ball , but i have labs none of them are interested .
not what i expected but its ok i will still use them i thought that the material was different type
i ordered the xl for a size woman and they are big . nice and comfy but a bit big .
beautiful shoe , a bit tight in the toe box . liked them but ran small for my size . stars
i only got this book to take the college class and am still waiting to use it hopefully next semester
this product was ok . i did not notice much of a difference while using it .
i really like this case for my c but it got dirty fast . i would probably get a darker color .
this bra creates a pointy look ! the lift is nice and it fit as expected . ok bra for the price .
i love her recipes on line so i was really disappointed that this book was not more of the same .
this was ok . peeled on well but it was a lot smaller that shown in the pics . it was fine .
i haven't had a chance to cook from this book , but the recipes look tasty .
this book is not as satisfactory as other elm creek quilters books . the quilters apprentice is best ! good quilting information , however .
i thought ben stiller did a good job and the walter mitty story is a good one . worth watching . entertaining .
its a really good case but when it came in the mail , it was a iphone case .
i'm sure this product is fine . i didn't need this particular item . it was packaged very well . fast service too .
cool i guess i just want to unlock the one thing so i'm rateing it lol but get this app
the dvd was not as good as i was hoping . disapointed with it . although , others in that series are fantastic .
the back cover likes to come off , but you get you paid for . seems to function all right . okay phone .
ok i guess , have to wait till next spring to see if it was worth the money spent on it .
nice easy read . not quite what i expected , but a good story . lots of drama in one little boys lifetime .
i bought a medium because other reviews said they run small . i disagree . i think they run true to size .
this movie should have been longer it's good though .
i found rev . hagee's book very enlightening but somewhat redundant . i kept wishing that he would get to the point .
the one pictured is solid blue but the sent was kind of marbleized . i gave it away to my wife
although this product appears to be good , it is not inch tubing as advertised . it is inch .
i returned this item . it didn't suit my taste .
i liked the book enough . the best not the worst book i have ever read . pretty easy fast read . enjoy
the cook pans stick bad , but the toaster works good lol , not for every day use . i got it just for camping . lol junk
this was a nice book to read at christmas time . i don't think i would recommend it to many people .
was not what i was looking for . i wished i could have looked at it before i bought it . c
this bra fix kind of tight . probably will not order another one . so i gave it a three stair .
good deal for the cost but not nearly as good of a loom as the rainbow loom . it is sturdy .
i love the robe and panties very nice style and quality unfortunately the sizing is not true it runs very small
it's very pretty , but after a couple of weeks , three rhinestones had already fallen out , and it's in the trash .
you'll refer to the book once , play with the words forever .
wasn't what i expected but for the price , i'm okay and will recommend to anyone . will try another kit later .
i wasn't impress with the drawing art . but the story is ok . it's a classic .
cd has only songs then included is a video of the first song . i expected a full cd .
not what i was looking for . could be partially my fault . i use the grip tape for my lacrosse sticks .
a film thats a bit mixed up timewise . strange storyline but the actors are the best
fits kinda small .
la talla l parece para una persona inmesamente grande quisa me equivoque por ser nueva queria una l tipo normal
butter was a very funny movie . i really enjoyed it . if you like a good comedy , you'll appreciate the humor .
friends and neighbours , it is an interesting program . we will probably watch more in the future as we have time .
was fun with the kids enjoyed putting it together hard to go wrong with lego
considering that the first one lasted years . it has a years warranty , but these are a pain to replace .
i'm not sure , people see some changes but not me . however , my appetite has change ! to bad i like cheeseburgers !
some stories are good some are boring some are totally unrealistic , but it's a good book to kill time
it was ok . not as good as to dance with kings . not as much insider type info of the times .
bulky . not very happy with pattern of the light . good because there is no power cord . will not buy again .
sized small possibly sizes too small
trys to be like east side kids . not a bad showbut not the east side kidsit is okay
basically i bought this whole cd for songs . so fresh , so clean listen listen listen . ms . jackson
it could have been more up to date . it helped take away the fear of coding etc . was good for the basics .
i like the coffee but this time i found the good hazelnut taste missing . good price for the coffee .
it doesn't do as good of a job as i expected . i will be trying another product in the future .
have to be careful it doesn't fall out . only get one . other wize it's really pretty and good looking ! only get one .
nice twist at the end . wasn't as scary as i had hoped it would be but its definitely worth watching .
it has a really short battery life and is slow because the ram is so small and fills up quickly .
but it cheaply made . not the ones that show in the picture . i like them but they are really thin .
it is multi strand but stretchable
ever since they started being made in china the pouch in nasty pig jocks has gotten smaller and more cramped .
i don't know but i love the british actors and matt leblanc but the story lines are really stupid .
can't really rate it high haven't used it long enough yet
it fits fine but needs to be larger to hold an insulated bottle . it is very adjustable for proper fit .
received two tiger's eye instead of a cherry quartz . they are all very beautiful and good quality , however . good deal .
ankle stretches out after a few washes
product is okay bought it for help with rosacea but cannot tell a difference .
someone got possessed , it's shot like found footage , acting is c at best , nothing special about this show . it's okay .
it was so so
this game was not very interesting to my grandchildren . i ended up deleting it after only one ortwo weeks .
shoulda been a real diamond . not good to take your girlfriend to prom with . not a good idea for graduation .
haven't really had the time to really get in to it . but looks like a lot of fun . thank you
the book shows ben is in agreement with my ideas , but it did not really present anything new to me .
product is smaller that average . order a larger size
a bit lighter construction than expected but you get what you pay for . color is nice . at least it's 'weatherproof' .
i suppose it gets the job done , but it keep jamming my machine . i should have bought the real thing .
these were a lot smaller than i would have liked but they worked for another project so no loss there .
es muy sencilla
nothing flashy about product . you get what you pay for . used for a gift and worked perfectly as that .
part looks cool on slide but doesn't function as well as oem part . especially when placing slide back on frame .
too dark for my appliance color . i had to online order several brands and colors to find the right match .
it is challenging for all levels of players . just when you think you have it figured out , bye bye bug .
this wasn't that funny and didn't have that much action until the end . action and humor should have been added .
it worked the first time but my year old wouldn't apply it thereafter . not a produce problembut kid problem .
nice book but could be better
small package but plasticine is so far superior than play dohthat it was still worth it . my kids love it
not as good as the first one . didn't like the fat remarks and how he shouldn't be attacked to her
its ok but i have note . where the battery go could be wilder . i like it nice set up .
definitely worth the price .
it came in a top loader and it was in pretty poor shape for a new card . ticked me off .
very small for a x . nice design , nice materials . good , looking shirt but small . order at least sizes larger than usual
product arrived before christmas although i ordered late was very pleased about that . my daughter seems to enjoy these earrings .
nice tablet but not perfect . good things light weight . pen is accurate . bad things it lacks simplicity . not fully customizable .
i do not know a lot of diffrent songs for the young not for us old people it was ok
it really wasn't that bad a movie just not my kind . i bought it for ldp .
lots of fun to play . go for it . you'll have a blastwhat more can i say than get this
i did enjoy the movie , however , it was a bit of a let down . not nearly as exciting as expected .
kind of small inside and not much protection . however , it still serves its purpose . it does come pretty well constructed though .
can't find pods for the pot . tried several places . pot is ok but no good without pods to make it .
for the price , i think this was a little chintzy . it works but it's probably worth only at most .
ok game . somewhat fun . have not played it long enough though then it asked to rate it . i will keep playing it .
the bristles on both side are the same stiffness medium .
claro , with chili pollo or fish , wine , and veggies . why not too much sodium great starter . sorry , i need a nap . provecho
easy to install , fit and connection were good . holds charge for short time off of hook up to electric .
it is a cute watch . i really like it very much .
second time getting it , it wouldn't stay inflated or stuck to the side of the tub like it ought to .
this game isn't as appealing as the pc version . i don't get it .
a good read . clear character portrayals . a page turner
a fairly light read that i would recommend for those who are not seriously studying history . some interesting people covered .
kind of hard to type on it but you get used to .
this one had the ending telegraphed way before it came . not a terrible book , but it certainly wasn't intensely suspenseful .
dinah shore's voice does not have the range to do this song well . the original anita o'day version is better .
it will get kitty under the plane seat , but it is kind of stiff clumsy , for a small pet .
my father's pair have lasted for years . i can feel the quality each time i wear them .
not too shabby . it has been pretty interesting so far . i hope you enjoy it as much as i am .
i read nancy milford's biography and this was just a repeat of practically the same words , stories and anectodotes
learning to teach this program is intense . my kids did not like it al all . we abandoned after a year
wish that it has audio
it's cute , vey very light duty . my lb frenchie thinks it is a toy and destroyed it . fair price .
there is no way to exit and the program runs in the back round tracking you for advertising purposes .
it's great that is has a cover , however somewhat difficult to remove cubes once frozen without running water on back .
unfortunately this item did not fit my car . i contacted the customer service department and all was taken care of .
more like a hand cream than a face cream . ok for normal skin and less pretentious complexions . dont expect miracles
several tones to choose from , but not very nice to listen to . seems to be made well . button installed easily .
the straps are a little scratchy and very wide . doesn't really feel like a sports bar either . just a bra .
without the booker concept it sounds the same . i had it figured out before i was finished . no mystery here
these books were very predictable . they also were out of order in the form sent which was confusing and disappointing .
the underlying story is legend . the book itself is written at about the th grade level and shows its age .
i like the app but it takes a while to do stuff on the game so i was somewhat bored
theyre very pretty just dissapointed that they are more delicate and smaller than i expected . overall theyre nice
i was hoping for a larger piece .
overall pretty good . it is just not captivating . needs a little more suspense to make it more interesting to read .
it did the job and was a described . fast shipped and well packaged . my brother used this and liked it .
okay but it did not keep my interest . it was not as dramatic as it coulld have been .
ok .
this flick was entertaining , and it takes you on an interesting ride through the main character's spiraling life .
nice to have a large bottle so that it is more economical than buying smaller containers at the store . thanks
this book was great , story kept you begging for more and it delivered can't wait to read next book now
bought it for my son . it's ok but not as thorough as i thought it might be .
good book and i look forward to reading more from mr . child . difficult to follow at times but a great ending .
good case but no screen protector .
attractive small cat pendant , well made . it needs a better chain . very suitable for a child or a cat loving adult .
it's ok my friends and i got it last night they thought . it was tarable but i think it's ok
no need to buy this if you already own live and kickin . this is the same recording .
looked great on video . no instruction with package . does not provide equal strength to each finger .
it is a very nice blender however it takes a long time to crush the ice
good product , although i probably should have bought a bigger one because i have more cords i need to organise .
simply put , it is what it says it is . saves the hassle of shopping for everything one by one . ok .
was not dirt devil brand but works ok . this product was in good shape so i guess it will last .
got this for a family member and likes it . seems much better than what was bought previously . might buy another .
it arrived on time the only thing is i did , nt realize it was a christmas cd .
kinda big around my ankle , beside that it looks cool
they are just ok . they smell nice but they really don't last long . after a week mine really didn't smell .
the oil smelled lovely , however , it did not smell like a pure vanilla . i was looking for a warmer fragrance .
do not like the fact that the lense caps do not fit as securely as they should .
this is a very nice case , but you can not charge the phone with it on only causing a hassle !
pretty interesting characters , and events , though not a lot of action . not sure i'm a fan of fantasy after all .
worthy the investment to have it fency and big . simple and stylish . it feels the wrist and adds it a shine
a love story with a christian flavor . not a very involved story .
i look forward to future publications by dr . soomekh . the work while interesting relies far too much on anecdotal references .
it's still a decent buy for the price but i would be very surprised if it puts out lumens .
used this many years ago and decided to try it again . i found it not what it used to be .
not what i expected . it was more like a text book than any thing else .
book was ok not at all at what i was expecting , very short read maybe cute for kids .
the ring is beautiful , but one of the diamonds fell out the second day . i was very disappointed by that .
great read . quick
kinda flimsy but overall a good case
just ok . several years old need new insights to the show . how about one with all the cast members ? word
i read all the reviews and i was excited . but it was overhyped . good action and performances but nothing special .
needs handle on rear
the sticker is lighter in person than pictured on line . it's still cute though , even though it's not as pictured .
my husband loves this cd , but i have a hard time listening to the foul language and gospel music !
it was working great then one day i take it out and the entire side is cracked . was real lame .
my students enjoyed the stories which made learning fractions more fun . will get a lot of use from this resource .
received two of three disk set . had expected complete , as new complement . however , install disk seems to work without problem
it was good , better than season . you have to remember this is an old series .
looks like decent quality , but one size fits most does not . should have size options . i am returning it shortly .
does the head have a face or is it just round and flat ? the picture does not show a face .
i put three of them in the diaper disposal and my garbage still stinks !
it was interesting , just not what i thought it would be . too much medical talk and things like that . sorry .
joyce paints a picture of life in ireland when abject poverty ruled . great stories . print is too fine for comfort .
it looks and feels cool and does the job for dropping or sliding and it has a really bright outside
really cumbersome to use but works well if you do not have to remove the cover which is a chore .
makes your car smell great from the inside even when not plugged in the air vent !
there is nothing rubberize about it . it is a hard plastic case . it came in on time . great customer service
it is a hiking pole and as that it is just fine . handle seems weak but the light is junk
it looks cheap because it was cheap . that's what i expected so no problems there . it is pretty cute regardless !
a little harder than expected will challenge you i would not recommend this to a non grad from high school
it was good book because it was painful when children got killed . it was sad but i love it , really .
got this shoes because of the reviews that i read regarding how comfy it is . well , its comfy !
it says its supposed to help correct redness but it doesint really do anything . i even tried it with foundation .
the opening was too small for my . in calves . they were nice shoes that looked good on . small heel .
this shoe runs quite large . i am going to try finding some inserts so they will be wearable without socks .
i was really excited and happy when i got it , but it rusted within the first few weeks . very disappointing .
read some of the stories in other anne of green gables books . enjoyed each story . some were a little sad .
delivered on time , easy installation works as . well as the original filter which . came with . the refrigerator , saved time and . money stars
i bought two gauges and they read about psi different from each other when hooked to the same source .
two key parts missing . both are clamps needed for assembly and proper use . waiting for a resolution from the seller .
good book for children . keeps them occupied when i need them to be . easy for them to read by themselves .
can't get it to work right . wish i could see it and use it . i am a big wvu fan .
the only bad thing was that it feels like it might break , but besides that its what you would expect .
suspenseful , titillating , but the ending was anticlimactic . i wanted more . he doesn't have to do anything spectacular or off the wall .
i went a half size larger and the shoe is still tight . i'm hoping to stretch it out a little .
love the idea but my hair is very fine and does not cover the connector piece .
i expected better sound from this . maybe i was being to unrealistic . i felt it could have had fuller sound .
i deal with the advertisements because the game is free . i may purchase an advertisement free game in the future .
it's hangman , nothing more and nothing less . well , it does have cute graphics . great to do with kids and family .
they make good decorations , but as a toy one sprung a leak after use . they are colorful and fun though
i feel like i'm continually tightening the strap on my arm to keep it from slipping down when i run .
reminiscent of pirates of the carribbean , this story has a few turns and twists that make it a worthwhile watch .
it functions but its not really what i needed . it loaded properly . this may be fine for general inventory needs
wonderful movies and value .
great construction and price , but a little to large . i should have tried on other boots before selecting the size ,
not the greatest cd , but it's not horrible . only old .
this movie was not that funny , well a bit . it was just too much for me . . xd cx
the first book of the series was much better than this one . bed of roses the bride quartet , book
just star because i love that tv serie , but the problem was that it don't have the spanish audio .
it's very cute but i don't know if its really gonna hold up to our little man for very long
must not have been that good ! i don't remember this one
i have played it for hrs . i still don't get used to control zero gravity .
out of needed more action and more visual pictures . my year old son said it was boring .
it worked fine but it's not for x
lack of belt loops allows holster to slip off belt , a serious design flaw . otherwise material and construction look good .
were purchased wrong size
it is black with tan lines and i just found the fabric to be a bit inexpensive and flimsy feeling .
bought this for my yr old . the bust area has no shape . not flattering at all .
rich people affairs , lies , death , deceit , destruction of young people's lives because of sexual attractions . unusual ending that left you hanging . a must read
i definitely like the first book better than the second book in this series . it's pretty good but somewhat predictable .
my toddler won't stop talking about this movie she's obsessed . the movie is extremely cheesy and painful to watch .
this is a fun challenge . it is too difficult for very young children . it requires speed and dexterity .
football started peeling the silver accents the first day we had it . other than that it is a good ball .
what can you say about plastic bags . they work , i'm pleased . wish they were bio degradable , then they would be perfect .
not bad , i used this for neck pain . it works pretty good .
consistently good character development but format and story wasn't too exciting . i expect more from this great novelist .
its all right .
i needed this for my gs class . the book is good easy reading and has good information .
had no idea what to expect ! this was a very disturbing book ! not sure ifi will continue with the trilogy !
it is easy to carry for sure but doesnt spread on easily . leaves an oily feel on my toddler's skin !
the elastic irritated my skin . haven't had this issue with this brand or any other brand before .
the early stories were fascinating . would have loved to read more about the years with the mothers and frank zappa .
it took to many bags to make it as strong as my other hibiscus tea bags wasn't as strong . thanks
the headset is pretty good at blocking out noises but it gets hot and sweaty inside the headset . stars .
i thought it would be a protective skin . that was my fault i didn't understand what decal skin meant .
it has good sound for such a small speaker , it was easy to set up , it's great for the price .
i would have given it a higher rating if it had captions subtitles like vera season did . why didn't it ?
i didn't really like the sound quality , i found others that are about the same price but better sound quality .
good and tasty , but you can buy the same thing in a chinese supermarket , with a much much lower price .
it's nice to see them have an ending . hawaii was kind of corny but the wedding was nice .
idk but this book sounded forced . it could've been so much longer and should've since the book before this one rocked .
toy is heavy and difficult to turn but the rest of the mechanics work fine .
it is the owman who is in control of the siutation . i am not incline to that point of vew .
have had some problems with the old windows xp computer but have no problem with windows , i recommend it .
i thought it would have more pictures . i really would like more pictures and less writing .
i loved the look and size of this decalstuck to window for a while but then fell offgood size
ok movie . not mcconaughhey's best for sure
really thin and the hood doesn't properly go over my dog's head .
good short story and a fast read . weak ending otherwise would've given more stars . however , well worth the low price .
it is a fun waiting room game . should be able to earn coins somehow . that is why a three stars
did not help , but that did not stop me from still eating these . however , the taste ay not be for everyone .
the information was good but the grammar was very poor . i would not recommend . i'm looking for others to read .
nice little gadget . the cord could be longer . prefer the hand held blu tooth hand set for the same cost though
book was in great shape , but was dissapointed the dust cover was missing and that wasn't included in the description .
this book becomes important only hours and hours after you've read it when quotes come to mind . very thought provoking
love the music . book isn't one that i'd pick up to read to my little girl all the time .
very quick read . the ending of the story felt a bit rushed to me , but it was a good message .
case is too loose . have to constantly wipe screen protector and stylus suck
great look . good packaging . quick delivery . vision through it ok but expected more .
i am a sucker for made in italy stuff . a litle flimsy but ok for the pricing .
only one move really covered here , the kb swing . well , for three dollars , i guess i got my money's worth .
this games is fun of your like it's really girly and sorta fun not my fun but kids fun
loved other tevas , these were a little small . wish there was a half size .
perfect for when you want slightly crude , s nostalic humor . excellent soundtrack and mostly star cast . bill murray is hilarious . . .
a little chanllenging , but not a bad game . hey it was free so that makes it even better to play .
good quality and works great , so far has not given me any problems i recommend , should have better packaging recommended
very nice quality and worth the nice and shiney fits well . not cheap and will last a while
this is a good book i bought for a friend . great information .
they are very warm but hard to drive with them . a wierd color , though . pretty good gloves for cold weather .
had to get this book for school . . good price ! needed it for the class . glad it was available here !
this earpiece should have included an car charger with the unit . earpiece is difficult to insert in ear . unit arrived quickly .
it is a good , lightweight wallet . it was a little wider than i wanted . wish i had gotten a different color .
not sure this is true since my heart rate changed slightly , will be going back to my former brand . sorry !
i got what i paid for . but it s ok for the price what about lifetime warranty ? how does that work ?
cause i like it because it is very good and ifad come and dea u have a problem b
i like the hot pink color , but as other people said , it takes a long time to charge my devices .
this album is good , but why are the two guys who hate it from the same small town in finland ?
plastic phone holder split day . very easy to carry around . worth what i paid for it . love the color
the book is an easy read but if you are interested in hospital adminstration i would not it recommend it .
need better grip on pan top . it gets too hot
the paint rubbed off . the case is good but the panda not so good stayed on for about days
good and well made , i would like them about inches higher . the fabric is soft and durable . good price
a good little book for party recipes . not as many recipes as i would have liked .
just has a mic , despite the advertisement and package that came with it , so will do for the cost paid
not bad , but nothing special for the price , especially the summer , when most of the stores are offering better deals .
not entirely what i expected , its more like a art book than a book with lots of detailed locomotive drawings .
works great and is fine with my games . it has been a pleasure to use .
slightly more fun than regular silly putty . moves towards magnets . fun if you hang it upside down from the magnet
this belt is just ok . no more no less
rated to continue playing the game so can only give it three but good mind game and enjoy playing it
difficult to open . difficult to stir get the ice cream out . fun for family to play with . saves money .
its an ok app it passes the time nothing special but it was free so no big deal we play
they should specify the phone that it fits . it is a nice case it just doesn't fit my my phone .
it's decent for the price . it's pretty light weight and small a little over a quarter size . more words needed .
these are great as inserts in a drawer or dividers but very flimsy so they won't stand on their own .
maybe if i had found this app first it would have seemed better . i have tom and i love tom .
the band is smaller than thought . the inch band would be better and easier to loop around the ankle .
the styling on this cd was unlike any other bonnie raitt cd i've ever heard . takes some getting used to !
this was a gift . the recipient thought it was just okay , however , the service by the vendor was very good .
breaks easily , hard to take off .
i really like this cover up but the arm holes are a little tight .
the book is an intereting genealogical book , but has historical errors regarding tribal information . adequate for hints and family history .
it was a long book . and not for kids . i said it will be a movie about it . grow ups will like it
nowhere near the level of the incredible quot tourfilm quot . for god's sake , mike mills high fives members of the audience .
these are ok for daily use . though not top notch , its okay to play !
fun hidden objects , but takes to long to complete each crime and you run out of energy too quickly .
the projection part is great , but it is degrees higher than any other thermometer in the neighborhood .
happy to have back up batteries but they don't last all that long
this book is fair to midland , okay ! this book is okay ! this book is okay ! this book is okay ! yes !
it works has peppermint smell the dogs don't care for me to spray it on them will finish bottle good
i enjoy reading vince flynn , but was a bit disappointed in this book . i'll still continue to read his books
good case . a little bulkier than i expected . overall good case . i would recommend this to a friend to buy .
like the old lee better but they quit making it .
they are more narrow than i thought they would be . the length is correct just not the width . that's all .
little small but love the shorts . they look just like the pic . i suggest you buy one size larger .
this is adorable but the chain broke within a month and i haven't gotten around to getting a new one .
i enjoyed the film . it may be a little difficult to follow without knowing some basics of islam .
my daughter loves this show , but we were disappointed at the short length of the dvd . overpriced is an understatement .
delivered as promised
very detailed beyond my interest , but others in our reading aloud group enjoyed it more . plot was very informed and ingenuous .
i have a bernina , does not seem to work in that machine , but it works in my other machine
thought pyle quality would be a little better . kinda tinny sounding but for the price this set is ok . good starters
good oil , cheap china filter . polaris ranger came from factory with premium filter . no integrity on supply of replacement service parts
this is a pretty entertaining game , although there needs to be a better way to earn free coins . i'm serious .
enjoyed about half the songs , but the ones from the major levels are really the only ones worth listening to .
i like it it serves it's purpose the only one problem is there is no jack connecting hole
am i the only one wondering why a book should have glow in the dark features ? !
it's is good once you can get it to stay on . have to put the front piece on upside down . nice design
threads sticking out from everywhere sorry , i used google translator from russian . i have nothing to add to this review .
good quality mug but it won't fit under my keurig coffee maker it's larger than it looks and very heavy
quality and looks are great , nice and elegant . but interior space is way too limited , sad to have to return it .
they are a little flimsier than i anticipated and they won't take a way light bulb . ok for light use
this book lacks approach to develop programmer'sthinking but i think good book to have knowledge . sultan zahir khan
breaks pretty easily . mine lasted about months before i had to throw it out .
the bells weren't loud enough .
it is dull , and when you handle it thr stones fall off and its very hard to snap in place
too wordy the last quarter of the book . could have ended much sooner . hated the ending . enjoyed most of it .
i felt it just did not hold my interest . perhaps it was the wording . have enjoyed other books far more .
one time use , it work for what was needed . the made of plastic so they brake fast , but it help
the story was marginally interesting . but , it wasn't one of those stories that you just can't put down . so there .
okayi expected a little less bulkybut its coolokayi expected a little less bulkybut its cool
i gave this book stars only because it gave me an erection and i am eighty one years old
fit is fine . flat front kinda makes pockets stand out a bit . should be ok though . four more words . done .
it's okay , nothing special . just a cheap t shirt that i feel runs a little small
what happens to them now ? that's not a way to end a collection . she throws her pills out ? that's it ? !
it's oil . it behaves like oil , smells like oil , and coats your skin like oil . it's not a miracle product .
our baby didn't like being in the bassinet , used sheets for a few washes . no long term testing here .
only giving it stars because of the price . way too much for it otherwise it's a cute little bugger .
this one is too long for jetta dome . i should have checked in store . the correct one is .
delivery was quick . i was not a big fan of the movie kind of silly .
its only hold charge for one hour i don't know if is doing to last or more month .
enjoyed this booki figured out thirty she was not dead . it i liked her crazy mind . i want more .
work just fine . however , the wheels rumble at a higher speed even when running .
fun to watch . not rodney dangerfield's finest to say the least . some of the one liners fell kinda of flat .
did not expect that the candles would be so small ! very light , almost imperceptible , aroma , i expected a strong smell
what i would call a short course in elizabeth . the era deserves more , i think .
it was bent when it came and scuffedbut it does its job well enough . this was a gift for my mother
these boots are cute , but they are way too narrow . i am not that i am going to keep them .
very small
for the price , i thought it would be a little more rugged . but it will serve the purpose . it's fine
don't like the white .
have not installed , but it seems great
this book was okay . i had a hard time getting into this story . i actually liked mick better than piper .
this is cheap acrylic yarn , but i knew that i needed the color , and this source had a reasonable price .
this was a great wishy washy mindless read , which is sometimes just what you need . great for an escapist moment .
she'll grow into them . they seem well made . squeaker shoes , for whatever reason , always seem to run large . very cute !
it is very helpful keeping up with my email on my kindle . also being able to send messages is helpful .
goodeasy reading . the storyline was predictable but books of this type usually are . it is worth a try . goodnight .
forty second street is one of my favorite musicals . i will keep it , but probably not listen to it very often .
it is okay . the straightening ability seems lacking compared to other straighteners i have used but it is decent .
this book seems more fitted to a young male reader . i would enjoy more character building and less foul language .
it works better outside . inside the readings are inconsistant . so i would recommend you do most of your walking outside .
it is different . i enjoy the headband , it is like a cloth material so it doesnt pull out your hair .
mezzo has a rather unique story line , it has it's moments of greatness but over all it's mildly above average .
i found just as good of a product at walmart for a lot less . check around for better price . my opinion
my first exposure to mcdermott , i wil be back . he certainly weaves the events of today into an interesting read .
the tongs came pretty bent , but for the price , i can't complain too much .
although the clips were as i expected , when they arrived all of the skulls had fallen off of the clips
the description of the yoga sequence was not quite clear , i was expecting something more strenuous along with strength building .
second pair of skull candys bought since christmas but for the price it is a good deal . good sound .
for me at this momenta little to much classic music into this cd i was not expected that .
the chip is thick and the distribution of the sweet salty flavors is very poor . i would not purchase this again
fun challenging , my grandkids love to play this and adults like it too . recommend for all ages . . . realistic
a cute book to read to a toddler . kids like birds and all the little bird pictures are very , very cute .
good book great condition . wish they had a hard cover though . great addition to farther my studies withthank you
not a fan of king and it's not my style of writing . wouldn't buy another . gave it away .
it is a very fun and relaxing way to spend some of your spare time . works great on my kindle .
my son loved this costume not too many extra pieces just very easy to put on and great price
this was a fun little game . the graphics are not the best but it was still interesting and fun to play .
they do not work as well as huggies . they also do not stay as moist in the warmer .
after a week the first of five outlets does not work with the controller . however , the other four work ok .
there is something a bit wrong with the faces . the animation for the eyes and mouth are not placed right .
nothing big about the information provided . more information available for free on the web , with more in depth purpose .
i enjoy it very much . the tape is very clean , good work . i definitely recommend it to someone . thank you ! georges
i received the shears in good timing and in good shape . it works well for the price .
almost nothing that's for kids it all about call of duty or that kind of stuff boringboring boringboring boring
a good issue of this renowned magazine with a new story by ron goulart . a little something for every taste .
the aluminum grade is not like that of primula from argentina . that's what we're use to . it's made in china
i love how this makes your body feel after you use it . i highly recommend
pretty good series paranormal romance by an old favorite . loved the irish and supernatural aspect of the story . . stars .
tagless is nice comfy fit with no issues . flatters the figure not a bad product at all . sweet .
grapes are tiny and sparse . these are the opposite of lush pretty scrimpy . they're all plastic and cheap looking .
not sure yet . i will know when i get her thyroid tested again next month . thank you for asking me .
most of the combs work fine . there are two that snag my hair however and one that is very flimsy .
it is missing chapters and it was not mentioned in the description but otherwise it was a clean book
somewhat funny . not totally riveting . i would like to see the movie to the sequel . okay just more words
the sunscreen smell can be overwhelming at times . surrounding people will smell it .
interesting for a moment . momentum lags after first of book . boredom sets in for the last pages . pretty thin stuff . imo
i think i paid too much for a nail clipper that doesn't seem to be anything special .
i liked this gum but the flavor didnt last as long as i thought it would
would like this better if it was an active game with different levels that progress as you finish each one .
that is a little problem when you need to transfer some cash in a gift card to another amazon account .
the description should explain that it is just a small symbol and no chain , unlike the chain pictured on line .
i don't know about her book but i know she'd look great in pasties and a thong . yee haw !
not exactly what we were expecting , but does have a good grip not slick like some of the other cases .
it was't looking very healthy and the leaves started to get brown and come off and then they came off .
was not what i wanted . ok for playing around , but not what i was looking for . i'll try other apps .
we had another one that quit working and was only years old . we will see how this one lasts .
the staple that holds the book together was not there so the pages came out . was a little disappointed ty
a fun book the first time you go through it but not something i will enjoy over and over .
placed in toilet room 'x ' , hardly smell .
it shrunk too much with the first wash .
not bad some sound track a bit naff on hole not bad but a bit dissapointed
sumptuous costumes scenery , average otherwise . very familiar story , most everyone over the age of has been exposed to pride prejudice !
the contents of this book is entertaining and easy to read . very relaxing and easy to enjoy . . . .
not very warm , could use more lining , very disappointed in this boot . wont be buying any more boots from this brand .
well written story focused around a small town with huge secrets and even bigger entangled relationships . entertaining story and characters .
fresh clean scent that everyone . luvs cant smell it after applying but people around me do and always compliment
this case is not pieces its piece .
had to return because they were a half size too big . style and construction were beautiful .
average quality for disappearing in pen . i found better .
quite well constructed story . liked the character and made me want to read another in the series . havn't yet though .
. dominos are such light weight that it is very difficult to work with them .
it was a boring read . and i didn't really learn anything new . so not something i'd want to read again .
i like this it really help keep the dirt off . and the hand printsthank you so very muchi
interesante el tema , aunque resulta bastante inveros iacute mil . de todas maneras es una historia interesante sobre el tema de la amistad .
nice handmade case . only reason for three stars is the wood isn't as dark as i pictured . well made though .
i loved the book even though the wonderland with the cards and turtles seemed a little confusing but overall interesting !
i cannot say this was anything special . it is just a gel product . how do you rate that ? i use it .
too small
it's pretty simple , wish it was more challenging . passes the time
it is an interesting plot but highly flawed . would not recommend it but do not reget watching it . the end .
it does the trick . buts its a little more bulky than i would normally prefer . however i do like the contour .
the ridges in the case do not hold the screen very well when it is in the long vertical position .

started out great and i expected more to it , but it lingered on a bit too long for my taste .
this , for me , has been difficult to drink , even mixing it with orange juice . haven' t experienced any improvements yet .
ok item . for the price the bins could have been a little heavier construction . simple assembly , screws should be covered .
i have only seen the movie , but i was wondering if it was from true events ?
this book is not about why planes crash but an autobiography with some anecdotes thrown in and settling personal grudges
one came broken . but i just symmetrically broke it a tad more lol . the earrings are super cute . the recipients like them .
not mildew free but looks good when it is .
an excellent choice for the low price camera . very accurate excellent picture , autophocus , micro . this is all you need .
it's okay . doesn't charge as quickly as the original apple charger .
would consider having bigger sizes
this milk is so good , they write articles about it in encyclopedias . .
with electronic format at least a few paintings should be placed in color near their discussions . likewise photos of , him
not cut exactly to the specs . can still see the white outline around the logo . does not look very good .
sqweaks and wables , the front design is not stable enough
it only senses when someone is very very close . maybe it's great for indoornot so much for outdoor use .
it is hard to keep treats in the toy . even on the hardest setting , the treats fall out too easy .
i did no know book was so small , need better description of sizing . not enough space for a real couponer .
camileri always paints an amusing picture of the sicilian attitude toward life and crime . the potter's field is no exception .
i love this game when i can actually play . hope they fix glitches . it kicks you out a lot . lags also
not at all as good as i had hoped . would not recommend for the serious true crime reader . dull
the wording is on a strip glued to plate holder . i had to super glue it to keep it in place .
i like it but it's too hard !
some parts of it , are not so good as i imaged . for example , the headphone part is weird for me .
lacks creativity in the statements used on the cards . after a while , the game gets a little boring and lame .
i'm petite so my head is a touch smaller and these headphones just crush into my ears . very very uncomfortable
the hints are too expensive . when you are stumped you are screwed . challenging when they use pictures of minor characters .
the lights were awesome , but the headband was really right foot an adult's head . it would be great for kids .
gives you all the parts you need but won't let you actually test your new weapon in shooting ranges .
this looks very authentic but unfortunately doesn't bobble as it should , so it's not so wobbler . a little disappointing .
light reading while traveling with simple characters and plot . it won't keep you spellbound , but it helps pass the time .
still playing game but it seems really fun so far ! it also is very addictive even when your tired ! yea !
nothing wrong with it just cleaning my wish list . no need to write a review on this item . v r sarah .
flimsy and alarm is next to nothing used months
i loved it while it lasted . the transmission went out in about a year . have to look into the warrenty .
this book is complete and easy to understand , guides you through the hole process of crisis management and its implications
good quality , european and american people is greater than the l code many asians , asians choose m code almost
it's looks great but its quality is not as good as expected , after week of use it broke down .
my wheels already broke . i bought new ones from someone else . .
just didn't provide the anticipated effect and the quantity was a little lacking for the price . won't get it again
easy to use . runs thru sanders quickly . i have big dogs . takes nail off very slowly . solid construction
theres nothing fancy about this and its pretty bulky , but i have no complaints , seems to be decent enough quality .
original premise was good . way too much mystical bs later . author knows his craft , but i just didn't like it .
bought it as a gift and the person seems to like the game don't know to much other then that
looks slick . have no idea how to instal it though . no instructions . but makes the whole bike look just period correct . fast shipping
all fine arrived before it was supposed to and it is doing what it is supposed to . thanks portland
it's a good phone , i'm glad i purchased . has a good price and consistent performance levels to my current needs
reminded me of a lifetime movie . most of the book was very predictable . not what i expected from this author .
it is reasonable want to bey some more if it can take washing and it will not tear too fast .
really quick read , mildly entertaining , incredibly predictable . downloaded this for free for kindle and won't be buying the sequels .
have not used it yet . looking forward to luau in may . i believe it will be a hit . thank you
i have been looking for an imported canned herring . this was not quite what i was looking for , but very good .
i heard the song in tijuana bar and liked it . i called the ex and recommend the song to her .
not as smooth and as tasteful as a few others offered starbucks french roast barista prima italian dark roast . !
these shaddows have very light pigmentation . i use them on myself and it's fine but it's too light for clients .
esto boas . mas poderiam ser um pouquinho maiores . eacute que a minha barriga continua crescendo !
it is a free book so i gave it three stars . it was decent nothing horrible or exciting about it .
nice thermoset but some quality control issues .
doesn't stay on the hook . i still have to try hooking it to the wall insted of the toilet tank .
they were much smaller than i had expected . the colors black and white cant really be used in bingo games .
just okay for a word game . like text twist or similar games better . does test your reasoning to some extent .
good little book for children starting to read . my yr old really enjoyed it .
the new one makes as much noise as the old one , not loud , just has a annoying noise at idle !
when they say mini they were not kidding ! they were all really mini but my kids still play with them .
this is functional as a charging data transfer cable however , the cable is thin , it won't last very long .
good
you really need to read the first book to understand what is going on . not a stand alone .
picks up all the wind and extra noises . my advice , spend the extra cash and get the real deal .
this product served its purpose while traveling . it is too hot to wear constantly and it is visible under clothing .
i used it once so far and liked the result
this product is pretty nice for the price but the clasp is crappy . but seems to be a decent necklace .
i first bought this cd expecting much , but was dissapointed . most of the songs on this cd sound the same .
go a half size bigger due to waterproofing material . they are a little snug but will work once broken in .
not a story of hope and good feelings . it was depressing right until the end , where it redeemed itself somewhat . .
good luck
too many characters it and went in too many directions . very disappointed .
the suction cups tend to slide at times but it does it's job .
the authors have no affiliation with the naecb , nor any inside knowledge of the test questions for the certification examination .
these do the job but poor manufacturing the rubber came apart so i had to return them yes i did
awesomee
hard n adventures should be brainy i think just started it wish you luck n have a great time playing
it's a screen saver no big deal it saves your screen from getting scratched and doesn't interfere with touchscreen operation
much smaller than expected . i should have looked more closely at the size . otherwise it's cute has bright light .
not sure it made any change
it's a little slow in the beginning , but still an amazing story . not quite unbroken but still worth the trip .
why not show the celsius temperature ! fahrenheit temperature for me is not suited to , i hope that can modify the celsius temperature .
i was confused as to the purpose of these books . most was included in the novels . i wouldn't bother .
what i expected !
i got this for my glock and it fits perfectly . makes the gun feel pretty stable and much more comfortable .
i can't rate this item cause i keep getting blocked , it's not fitted it's not really a real marvel item !
i was disappointed . flimsy and thin fabric . it is not a plush fleece .
the age of miraclesthe book has a very interesting premise , but the writing itself was just ok , nothing special .
very bulky and the surface doesn't offer the same grip like other cases they make . not my favorite otterbox product .
guess it could work depending on what you're using for . in my case i would have worked , happy buying
it is an okay app . i cant get much details into my drawings . but its a good app other thanthat .
sometime it just goes off when internet is still working fine , not sure if its overheating issue or just annoying .
its still working after a month but turns on and off . not very reliable for the amount i payed .
pros pricecons no backlit displaythe unit doesn't have an ac adapter so you'd better stock up on batteries . . .
work well for the carabiner , but every time you push the tinny button , hard response button not easy at all .
bind was loose , had to add tape and glue to make it usable . i decide to keep it anyway
i just got the app hope it works ! all i know is that it's like a jigsaw puzzle about animals .
the steamer was a lot heavier and bulkier than anticipated or described . difficult to hold if you have small hands .
it was all right most of it was funny but there was really know reason to have that bear guy
well i did finish it but there are better books and mysteries than this one . i don't recommend it . sorry .
good for the money
this product has lived up to it's description . price was right too .
didn't notice any difference
hopeing to get brave enough to play with my daughter who likes this game very much . i am getting there !
not as good of an album as i was hoping for . but it is still good .
too heavy , it itches to me very much
great item at a great price . swiftly shipped and carefully packed . all aroung star transaction !
my daughter loves this ! but a little complicated
we have owned this product for over months and it does not stay together . i wouldnt recommend this product .
when returning from ads it will not move on with game . this is sad because i enjoy the game itself .
it did not fit in my mazda cx so i gave it to my daughter and it works just fine
game is ok but the credits disappear too fast . then they want u to buy more credits with real money .
i just completed all the mitch rapp novels by vince flynn . pike shows promise , but he is no mitch rapp yet .
it was good not as good as the first , it still kept you wandering to the end .
good piece for the price . unless you just want to pay upwards of . plus it has the matching stand .
recipient liked it . . . . . . . . . , , , , . , . , .
the printing on the case rubbed off fairly quickly . it's not very sturdy , either . mine cracked after about a week .
decent flashlight , good quality , pretty bright . only lumens according to the box . pretty big , won't fit in pocket . .
the outside temperature is degrees off . i don't like that . the one i replaced was right on . one two .
more like a short story . cute , light reading . love the situations they get themselves in
fragrance is incredibly strong and lasts a long time . gave them away .
everything i've read from fox has a few brilliant insights , then a bunch of useless filler . this is no different .
i am a big richard gere fan but this movie was boring . i really don't even remember much about it .
light and quick reading , enjoyed it , but a little simple for my taste . could be better with more character development
recommend for those who find benjamin franklin a fascinating person ! it's a quick read and yet one worth thinking about .
this book started with a bang but halfway through it i felt it lost it's voice . i didn't finish it .
kinda stuck on it , cant really get passed a couple parts but interesting for sure . . . . . .
good reading . typical patterson grabber . easy reading and keeps you very interested . i liked the twisty backgrounds of the characters .
i was unable to play game , the how game was not clear . i had a hard time playing the game .
fun . wonder why they need words to be submitted . wow this is a lot of words to be submitted
this was just o . k . it is not the usual quality that i get from my dean martin purchases .
defective had to return it . will try another . liked what i was able to do with it , will give another report .
is nice but it ripped after two days of use other then that very nice product will try to buy
this top is of an okay quality , not very think . however it is good for the price . arrived on time
great for on the go but only about words in the whole book . very small but colorful , not best deal .
not what i expected , not really a foundationseems like more of a powder , but not that good of one
a good inside light . not enough to help outside . a closet or dark spot is good . easy to install also
hey , amazon . i sorted for prime eligible . this item is not prime eligible .
i wish i could have . it looks so cool ! a a a a a a a a a a a a a .
i enjoyed that this book centered on good and evil and not just special powers . it showed thoughtful writing throughout .
size would have been great i open toe but with this style could have used a inch more
good mjm
it is fine but if you need to read research paper or textbook , the screen maybe a little small . best wishes !
it was a decent story , probably suitable for teenagers only . i was a little bit disappointed in the end though .
i found that most of the ideas were not exceptional as i thought they would be based on the cover .
the shirts are ok but not same quality as the shirts which bought last year probably why cheaper price paid
fun but get bored in short time
the coffee is wonderful , but keeping this coffee system clean is next to impossible .
not so great . difficult to clean the filter and its mostly plastic . feels cheap could be better but it does the job .
worked a habitat for humanity crew and the bezel popped off . couldn't figure out how to put it back on .
very good study . not sure phil is doing his friend mel any favors . sounds nice , but eternally disastrous for mel .
these are a little small . perfect for seating cards .
these are much bigger than i expected . i will still use them but don't know why they were so big !
not too much action but if you are a red and meth fan than its at least something to watch .
it is a good book , but it's a little intermediate for me . i did get some good ideas though .
. the clips that hold the keys are pretty cheesy and tend to un latch . leather appears to be of good quality .
too expensive , runs out quick . i've replaced them with gallon bags . more economical and less to play around with .
good for tv in the background . rather not see the creature than see a bad one . good for prime only
not as good as others i've seen , but for free i'll work with it . i do like the visual display backgrounds
not as effective as i thought it would be considering the blend of ingredients .
can you text and call on this phone like a regular phone or is this just computer use ? .
i was told this was hilarious . it was amusing in parts but certainly not hilarious . maybe because i'm a senior .
bought as a gift . haven't heard any complaints . until plastic clip on strap broke
i am disappointed the size was to large , it was to long and it doesnt appear as the photo shown
its alright
nice looking , but a little on the overly large on a thin wrist . like the fact it keeps acurate time .
line feed issues galore .
why ? why ? why ? why would you pay for a game thats worth cents , this is only a demo !
so so
my children just didnt like it because of the bad quality that the picture was . said it was not interesting
the filter fits and is what it said it was but took almost weeks to get here . that's all .
this is fun but its kinda really easy . i hope you enjoy it however . thanks for reading please come again
this model wasnt too bad to build . had a lot of details . but the glass was not a good fit
this book only works for those that are susceptible to suggestion , that being said it does drive a message home .
did not fit my handle device . my center is round this blade has a tripod hole . could not use blade .
after only two months only one usb port even works ! will not be buying another one of these ever again .
i really like arrival the original and thought the sequel would be just as good , but as usual . it was not .
the paint chips easily . but it's cute
interesting play simple to operate good game for the pinball ithuseth no need to be a pinball master to play
i don't think the sizing ran true to size . it runs larger than most other coats i have tried on .
seen the original . the acting was okay , no stellar performances . i was a tad disappointed because of all the acclaim .
the australia year item can peel just the peel . this item will peel too deep for pear at least .
no explanation which i guess is typical king . glad to read a normal king again . i'll read another now . i'd recommend .
it's ok over all . i would rather take the pill form . this has a very unpleasant taste and after taste .
julienne pieces are too small . but the product works well enough .
nice
i really found this game somewhat glitchy and it is not my favorite solitaire . the animations are sort of cute
a good story and a quick read . i like the pace of this book and the characters were well defined .
the metal on top of the ring is bent , the part that holds the stone in .
the set was easy to put up , sturdy too but the brush was all mashed and is pretty much unusable .
it is fine , working but not very high quality products . any way it is good for the price .
i did get some interesting facts from the book and felt i got my monies worth .
quality t . had not stretched or faded . sing the song every time i see my daughter wearing it . one two
easy read , not too deep , need to read them in book sequencey order to follow the plot build up
i received this product in error and have returned it to you company . you will get it soon . no more to say
quality not so bad , but i recommend to buy a larger size , at least one size larger . it fits small .
needed a nice puffy yet lightweight duvet filler . got a flatbush down alternative blanket . disappointing , one i do not recommend .
not metal . metal coated though over plastic , but it works . roomy and holds cash with cards too . it works !
just wanted something simple for achristmas gift . it can be used for the holidays , or even lit on valentines day
heavy not light cannot taste the peanut butter good size were fresh and soft i would not consider them gourmet prettyexpensive not unique
replacement for one that broke under what i consider normal use . will see how this one holds up
the plot thickens as sabrina and maddox develop their relationship . there is a good unexpected twist in the finale . tres bien .
the ridges are rounded instead of squared off , so you don't get as good of a massage on your fingers .
good but facing trouble sometimes in sewing
ok and what i expected for the money
the cartridge arrived in adequate time and functions well in the printer . nothing special . works fine .
its ok for the price
from the pros to the backyard ! first you're in the stadium then you're goin in for dinner . that was fun
no word from person gifted shawl for christmas . i would purchase this item for my own use as an accessory .
we brandon have not seen it yet . will let you know later . nothing to tell you yet . birthday present ok ?
jigga , and eve did what they had to do , but the lox were a lil weak , and could had some better rhymes
doesn't have the strongest grip and could possibly bend pins but is better than some available . okay for the price
okay read .
its a colorful and awesomely nostalgic cover , the fit is a little off . for cents it works pretty good .
it's ok ! it serves it purpose , don't use it that much but handy to have around .
but cheaply made . if you are gong to use if for a phone spend more . wish i had done that .
works well but the smell wasn't so great , i don't think i will buy this product again . good luck folks .
it's ok but it doesn't hold the pad well it allows the pad to slip or fall out while standing .
i loved the story . the editing was horrible . for the money spent , i expect better editing and attention to detail
it's really short and it's really obvious . could of done better and explained more . i don't reference it at all
the measuring chamber shows ml and the directions refer to oz . i can convert but come on , lets be consistant !
works well , well worth the cost , but horrible squeaks that no amount of oil seem to change .
i could not tell a difference after using this product . i would not recommend it .
this samsonite case was well manufactured and had a lot of storage for cards , camera , accessories , etc . well worth it .
perfect for cuddling by the fire . light weight . would have liked a bigger size .
you migth and you might not get this game dont get it ! im sirious dont get this game !
well written but a bit out of date . scientific data often ages like egg salad on a warm day .
the dvd came to me all scratched . it seems to be good but it skips all over the place ,
short fps game . didn't bother the online part .
was an interesting story but a little predictable like a soap opera . good reading if you like soap opera drama
my grandchildren love the book , but looks as though its years old after only a couple of weeks .
unfortunately the chocolates fell out of several windows inside the box making them harder to get too . bit fiddly but ok
it was very diffcult to put on , and , i had to use almost all of them . as good as cheap .
good fun series about girlfriends sharing problems , having fun and being loyal . great series for a girls night in .
this works ok the stain looks removed and then after it dries i could still see some of the stain .
i ordered furby in pure red orange , but received in orange blue instead , a little bit disappointed to get the wrong color
not what i really wanted to needed to know for soy or ecosoy candle making . this is more project themed .
i like this kind of sci fi and will look for more flicks by these artists . not a bad story .
as described . i have been reading a lot on this subject and every little bit helps .
the product is good . high quality and security for my use water . i'm very satisfaction with this product . best
fast fun read . predictable happy ending with too many typos . heroine is always a laywer struggling to make ends meet .
i didn't like how if you tilt to get the tokens it would go to far and miss the coins
love the amount of space . the hanger it comes with is weak . had to use my own hanger but otherwise its great
just the same o stuff . guess i caught on that it is dumb and i can do with out it .
a bit generic but they work for the price that you pay for . overall not bad for a low pricethanks
even though i read the description it is a lot smaller than i thought .
the book was easy , fun and entertaining . the story was somewhat predictable , but worth a few minutes of reading time .
it did not look like the picture , but my boyfriend still like it and now it sit in his office .
this is a good starter kit for young kids who are interested in the international soccer players . a nice gift .
these are ok , but not great . the taste is acceptable , but right on the edge of stale .
like the hunger games , the next two books are great . enjoyed it books were great . thank you for your imagination .
picture shows green cover . received a black cover .
the only canopy that fits a twin full size bed that i could find . and it actually is the correct size .
little smaller rings than i thought they would be . still , i would buy another .
loved this book i have been to santiago many times my favourite city inspainand rachel's book really captures the way .
fit perfectly . it fixed my power steering problem , but i paid way too much for such a simple aparatus .
a somewhat unbelievable plot line and could definitely flow better . worth a read if you are into military related tales .
it is okay for background music but i was a little disappointed in it overall . i guess i expected more .
i've read all finder's books and this one was very predictable . i'm still a fan but wouldn't recommend this book .
cute case but black color is rubbing off quickly .
expected more from this hidden object game . items too hard to see to find . game is too short .
great storyline with interesting characters . the ending was too predictable however leaving a little flat . worth the ride anyway .
probably just me , but i really didn't find any of the recipes interesting .
this movie was okay . didn't have that great first impression like , but it wasn't bad .
it is very good product indeedhowever it is somewhat smallhighly recommend to choose one size larger than usual
bigger than other pair i ordered .
if you use these you cannot use the waterproof boots around the pillow balls but seem strong and look great .
doesn't mix as well as other brands i have tried , but it tastes pretty good and gets the job done .
handle needs to be on strainer and bottom bowl . must fit together . we had one like that that was perfect .
it was good it could used a more sex sence in the movie
didn't like the lighting option i would of liked to have had more options and not with a limiter attached .
very cheap feel look . wish it was better than it looks in the picture . not deep enough , but does go in the dishwasher
not heavy duty but work fine . need a little carrying case or something to hang them with and keep organized .
i am not a big poetry person but the words were so descriptive ! i really felt part of the book .
great action seen
good book , but i was expecting more images with description of contents rather than general theory .
i'd sure like to see someone fold this thing to put in a car trunk during a rainstorm .
its a great knife , did not break , but it did bend , on the knife end . i have had for years .
great story , but if your looking for a good romantica this is not it . it's very cute and well written .
fast paced , pulpy , and fun . like the river at the end of city slickers , it's fast , but it's not deep .
this item came in quickly . not great quality but looks nice . great stocking stuffer . i would recommend for college kid .
spent hours with tech . could not fix it and advised to return it . keeping it ! do not know why .
helpful with our vry timid . rescue plus all other issues that comes with them , but difficult to find q a's w in book .
has no hardware to attach it to your bed frame other tan that it is sturdy and clean looking lines
the product is factory new replacement part . the price is just about higher than other places even on amozon .
have been eating pickled eggs most of my life yrs old . in bars home made , these are o . k . , but to rubbery .
sooooo , not sure how this one is . the one in the machine . works great . machine is a great machine , easy to work .
good book with clear and concise writing but not as good as the testimonials it received in my opinion . sorry .
great campy movie . fun to watch but the original version in japanese with subtitles seems much better . enjoy it anyway .
thought it was a little smalllooked a lot bigger on the page should've paid more attention to the dimensions
i feel like the books were backwards but i love love the proposition and the proposal very good read
not finished just started book . maybe a star when finished .
this shirt is way cool but a little small . i usually wear medium but this fit like a small .
great camera lousy , wi fi . cryptic directions
nothing wow . sometimes it fell off on the edges which i dont like , but it serves the purpose . its just ok .
not a great movie . kind of funny . didn't pay allot for it soit was a way to kill an evening .
it was good to see it again just not as good as i remember . it got to my house fast
can't fully review this , since it was broken in several pieces when i received it . therefore , no real review
i am not sure yet but i think it will be was quite helpful . now is the time for all
this cd has lots of good songs , but it didn't have a lot of the songs i wanted .
had to hear it . saw dylan a couple of years ago . great to hear charlie's voice on these great tunes .
interesting but could have contained a lot more information
i was hoping for something more unusual . but then i still believe in the tooth fairy .
don't eat the pickle . its gross . it doesn't taste like oranges or pickles . unless you like flavorless things , don't buy .
the hooks are all a little too wide for my bras , but i am still able to use them . comfortable
i read somewhere that these arent complete seasons just selected episodes from the first seasons . come on , quincy deserves better !
this item was smaller than the other ones i'd seen but it does its job .
the cover is always in the way . doesn' t fold out of the way . readily .
the case is dope worth the wait , thing i didn't like took forever to get but still worth it !
missing several great songs from the musical and attempts at reality fall short . this was better as a simple musical .
not his best work . ended very abruptly and the only money theme was hard to find throughout the whole movie .
a creative and fast moving rollick of a book ! it's quirky , mind bending , and freshly original . can't wait for another helping .
this is still unmatched stuff depraved , stark and disturbing whlie being funny . very new york pre heroin chic
very short read . really should be consolidated with the other extras from four .
chairs are not as easy to sit as the pictures shows
i can't remember . i've read so many of these . i may read it again , if i haven't given it away .
light duty . priced right . mom needed a small portable cd player . this unit fit the bill . she is enjoying it
my husband had to have it stretched , too narrow
was disappointed . found some areas fragmented . would not recommend .
i've discovered i don't like cinnamon altoids that much .
not as good as previous too much violence without the good story running throughwould not watch again . that's it
great service birthday present for my brother in ny got it very quickly in tim for his birthday .
it's fun but looks more like for children . i guess i'm a child at heart . very easy to play with .
this particular brand uses vanity sizing , as do others on amazon . read the size charts before you purchase the product .
these are really cute , but they are not as 'active' or light sensitive as a different brand of dancing flower .
she is kind of annoying and grey is overbearing . that pretty much sums it up . thank you for your time .
the book is very cute , but the text was cut off . no big deal , i didn't buy it as an investment .
a good film and very good transfer both sound and picture . bought it for my collection .
the screen is okay
shirt was smaller than i expected it to be compared to other size clothes . overall was pleased with it though .
these feel very nice and almost silky , although i had expected a little thicker material . not suitable for recreational activities .
this is a collective biography that makes this book unusually challenging to read and use as a basis for generalizing
i should have ordered a
i was hoping for more bluegrass fiddle than i got . it was a good album but not memorable .
i use this app for my kindle fire and it is good to have when you are charging your kindle .
i found this book to be a good easy read . comfortable topic involving many issues we deal with each day .
good basic information
the product works in my sony hx v . not particularly long lasting , but not bad either . i would purchase this item again .
our eight month old daughter chewed off one of the keys with teeth , none of them opposed .
not too good . let my hair dry , so i dont recommend ! try another ! but the increase the hair volume . so
actually need pin male adapter for the specific use intended . kept the cable for possible use with other units
hare to figure out and cheap material , will not last long
the book was good to read . i enjoyed the twists , turns , and internal conflicts that each of the characters displayed .
good story and an easy read , it left me wanting a puppy like ginger myself . she was a good dog .
ok for what it is .
i've heard people rave about these for years so maybe my expectations were too high .
the filters work we'll to keep the water in the keurig tank clear . the product is a very good value .
the song is good but not overly compelling . just a mellow song that i'll listen to every now then .
it looked nice in the picture but once i opened it the top had a piece of yarn torn , bummer .
it was alright but not as good as i expected . however , that is my bad luck because i chose it .
should be more specific . i thought it was going to come filled . but it wasn't that bad of a decision
because on the one where you have to blow it doesn't work ! but other wise it is a very fun !
they are nice and warm i just wish there were more colors to choose from that would make them perfect
after days use the feathers started coming out thru the cover case and the pillow case . feathers all over .
the book was ok , but with all the misspelled words and typos it was really hard to read at times .
too many twists and turns . keep it simpler . also too many characters . the cocrept was great but lacked connections sometimes
attachment to vacuum cleaner should be more flexible to accomodate a variety vaccum hose sizes .
for year olds more so than year olds
fits a bit loose . pretty case though . not going to use it . wish it fit protected the phone better .
it's ok not as roomy as expected !
not my type of film but i am sure someone will watch this film and love it . just not me .
it dont last as long as the orginial battery but it will do for now .

kinds flimsy
this album offers a different kind of harry . the cd was not quite my taste in what he offers .
good product
not as good as the original johhny cash and willie nelson made it watchable . its okay its okay its okay . its okay .
wasn't for me and my friend didn't feel it was a fit for her and so it went nowhere , fast .
size was unclear when ordered . ended up being too large .
saved me a bunch of and we did the repair at home .
a good book to understand everything about entourage . could use more tips and hacks , however .
it had funny parts , several emotional parts and some suspenseful parts . it is also a quick read that was entertaining .
not near as funny as the first two . kinda slow on the up take . if you get what i mean .
this book did not include the detail that i would have liked . the newer information was fairly detailed .
it's waterproof but it brakes easily my charger part broke so now i can't wet it but good protection yeah
i expected a good size mirror for my bike but a little small , it's okay for my kids little trike
internal connnections are sketchy . sometimes have to jiggle the connections to make them work . when it works though , it's great .
it was good , but a little too short , but , the entire series as a whole is an awesome read . r
i love heroes and these certainly fill the bill ! i am still watching it and wonder how it will end .
stinger indoor was ok , but stinger outdoor was damaged . is it bad lucky , or quality stinger outdoor is poor ?
the blades are not as sharp as other blades i've used however , i still manage to get a comfortable shave .
you could buy it if your in to that stuff ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i wear size . and the large was too small . i suggest for people with size order x large
this top is cute but is of poor quality . it looks much better in the picture than in person .
the music and the lyrics arent as loud as id like them to b but its still fun too play
tried the peppermint , mocha and dark roca and i prefer the mocha and dark roca over the peppermint roca candy .
the info is valuable , but half as much would have been twice as valuable
ok .
nice coloring book very interesting for my daughter to color and cut up and etc . thank you and thank you
good book . it was not what i expected . but it was an okay read . maybe prada will be better .
runs through fuel super fast . but produces a crazy large flame . pretty nice lighter still . just buy extra fuel . .
like the country setting want to see more of marshal all over the country like that characters are killed off
it was fun nut after a while all i could do was race the little ball
surprising number of typos and syntactical mistakes for yale university press , sometimes making it difficult to understand .
good but not one of his best . a little slow to start . took me a while to get into it .
it is not to bad pretty fun would recommend it makes you think but it is just like doors
should of ordered a smaller size because its too big for me i'll jest give to someone as a gift
the app is pretty good for logging on to twitter . the app doesn't have a very clearly defined interface though .
the gate was not high enough to keep my older cat in , he can clear the height very well .
the flames do not look as realistic as the photo . heater does not put out as much heat as expected .
it works fine . though the headphone jack does not work all the time . cheaper than buying a new phone though .
stiff , but does the job . everything they said it would be . i would recommend this product over others like it !
it comes with very little for the price of it . very disappointed . i wouldn't buy another one from this manufacturer .
the small medium size didn't fit quite right on my husband but the hat itself is nice and if great quality .
this game is simple but the puzzles are tricky with no hint button . i'm i'm stuck . no fun . being stuck
the wall charger that came with this set did not work . so far everything else is . more will be revealed later
they sound really good , they block out the outside noise well . they are just hard to keep in your ear
nice easy read with twists and turns you don't expect . would read the next book . light reading for summer days .
i found this book interesting but lacking in history insight . alsowas not thrilled with the main person as a animal trainer .
got it in a deal with a tablet . very cheap but usable . haven't really been using it for a while now .
hope it lasts ! latch is kind of flimsy . concerned it might break off ! haven't used it lately , but hope again soon !
i enjoyed this book and would recommend this book for history , family and a woman's point of view . enjoy too .
i liked the interesting characters and plot . it was a well written book . the ending was a surprising twist . i
i found too stiff and abrasive for use in the kitchen . probably good for the grill and other outdoor chores .
i really liked this top except it ran real big for a x large in juniors . the material was also very thin .
stand states it give you inches of clearance underneath but its more like inches . had to return it .
not the best it dos not work all the time and u have too take the back off the control
we shouldn't have to pay for all the characters ! we should like earn them or something ! these things are boring .
mostly pleased with this product , they tend to loosen with use . we have to adjust them with each use .
this game is a weekly game and i would like it much better if it was ongoing . don't really like
this is beautiful if somewhat plodding . i liked the use of language but didn't lik how the plot meandered .
expected a little nicer rug for the price . very good customer service .
good for self study and for seeing how the language and vocbulary of the language are used in everyday converation .
too long and kinda odd wearing this shirtthe color throws it off
i choose this rating , because the price was goodexcellent for my phonei will recommend it to my friends and family .
i really like the taste of these but the b vitamin content is too low dose to meet my needs .
is not the same color . my dress was a very light pink . but still fits well . not bad for price i guess !
not much there as far as plot or characters . mild sex romance for a quick escape
product has failed after just year . worked great til then , unit should last longer . don't want to purchase every year .
not that good unless you are a lawyer in florida . boring
gordon is kind of a selfish , hothead , confrontational character that shoots first , and asks questions later . let's see what the sequel brings .
i received these and they were a very pale purple . they're still very pretty but definitely not what was pictured .
very thick good . but to thick unless you buy your boots large i don't . also very too tight around the calf .
pricey but good . a great snack . i would probably just get it from a local provider next time , instead of online .
my daughter loved the book . only took a couple o minutes to read . god to read to younger kids
excellent case but it's too bulky and pretty heavy to carry on a backpack when you're traveling . don't recommend it .
small book not the large one
it was an okay one but was not one of my favorite ones . that is why i said three stars .
there are some really good tips and some great looking soup . can't wait to try these recipes out ! thanks a lot
every day is a great product , but i ordered two , but one was a normal product , one was outdated goods .
it's a fine album , typical 's . loved the song brandy as a kid and just had to have this album .
fine
good for keys and money , too tight for easy entry of credit cards . needed to be just a little larger .
it works !
easy to tie , but rather translucent and hard to get out of box one at a time . expensive .
a bit pricey for something that is really only an upgrade , but it is still a great game to play !
works in almost all tents just remember it's ' long . games are fun !
i returned it i felt it was pretty cheesy . not very classy at all . sorry . but , it was here on time .
it is ok , taste wise , but could be better but maybe it's just me using soymilk instead of actual milk .
heading says it all ! was hoping for more on i dream of jeannie , was disappointed . not worth the price i paid .
like the mystical angle . some episodes better than others . acting inconsistent sometimes good , sometimes not so good . try it .
no surprises , nothing i didn't already know . just usual suggestions . lead there by a newspaper article . will pass it on .
this is a cute game that my grandchildren would like better than myself . the directions could be alittle more helpful .
this product was very nice but very misleading in size thought it would have bin bigger the it really was
nothing special , would not buy again .
lenses scratch really easy
good clean romance with a nice touch of suspense . it catches your attention and keeps you coming back for more .
sizing is to small nice colors
it's okay for beginners but it's cheaply made and doesn't last long so i recommend paying more for better quality
everything is good . power supply sucks . and the ink is so so good .
i think that this is a product made for big parties , for single use . not very easy to handle .
i got bored with this book to quickly . it needed to be a little more focused on the main characters .
sound quality is kinda distorted .
the book was not as bad as i thought it would be . i was entertain and a little thought provoking .
this was an ok game . it is very limited in the hidden objects and they are too easy to find .
good set for the price . great value . looks great , very comfortable to sit on and really fills up a room .
so far this book is interesting but i have not finished it yet , but i look forward to it , someday .
a light weight sneaker for daily wear .
i might use this and i might not ! really wouldn't recommend it to anyone . really doesnt' look sturdy at all !
i liked it . i can't wait to read part two ! i haven't read any other books like this one . nice !
maybe it could help some people but pretty much the same information that is already commonly known . okay for free .
this book is part of a body of information on how to be more successful . it got repetitive to me .
this product is pretty good and provide a decent sound for the bedroom . i would recommend product for the price !
rhonda was a heartless woman with no regrets . this book was good . the author did a good job with the story
i thought gone girl started out well but fizzled out somewhere about through the book . still pretty entertaining though .
it just ok . i expected to see meals that incorporate eggs . they need to include more ways in using eggs .
dosnt work as discribed
it was an ok book i finished it this guy mayhave thought he had it all but was very wrong
like the shape and colour . bigger screen . light and thin . most people use this phone . can have a memory card
where is the rest of the series . great great music and the characters are characters , hardly boring . look forward to more
this book was okay . it was a downer for our christmas book club . this the typical happy christmas story
didn't know it was a comic but not a bad story . sorry to say not worth though
mot much suspense like many of her other books . a little too predictable . i still enjoyed reading this book . enjoy
i liked this book . it is a different take on how people talk about there fingers . lots of good pictures .
the long extension cord was nice to have . however , the charger did not last for long , it's already not working .
the lever backs and wires holding the onyx are flimsy . the earrings are lovely otherwise and the style is graceful .
this album was ok . but with young buck's solo i love it .
good tea but expensive . not likely to order again because of the price . a nice selection in the variety offered
i thought i'd like it more when i first heard it . it's ok . great for background music when you're entertaining .
simple beginning .
i thought i did more yftgffdfftyuhhgggf ggg gggff ggghhgffg vghhhhhh q w e r t y u i o p
ok story but the plot was way too predictable
they haven't read it yet so don't have any feedback . if there is anything significant to add will do later .
i wouldnt of bought this if i knew it was so small . cost to much for how small it is
great sound but the ear holders where very hard and not very flexible . nobody likes to wear them .
don't disappoint me again . am not pleased with the damaged lil bike . can you make my nephew a happy child
they were in good condition , but they were a bit tight . however , i still found a good use for them .
it's nice three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen that's it .
these are not very moist .
you can't complain about free . and the book is a fun little book you and your kids will enjoy it .
it was ok i think but i am not the one using it and she would prefer a pink one
a bit cliche at times , too many references to being a spy and not a regular girl . great read overall !
worked in covering skin but very light coverage . easy when no bandage or moleskin covering will fit in a shoe .
requires a bit more effort to get a secure attachment than the original fuji supplied caps but otherwise basically fine .
lasted about a year , know the thing is dry rotted and cracking .
but do not buy if you have sweaty feet . the paradox is that these are sandals but not for summer
good buy except for they keep falling off the stroller handle unless you close them after use . good buy otherwise .
it was entirely my fault . i ordered the wrong size . it's too small doesn't fit in my son's disco ball !
this gun heats nicely but drips constantly and is rather hard to clean up after . the stand is really useless .
works well , but the vibrating feature could stand to be a little stronger . otherwise you get what you paid for
i thought this app was okay but i thought it would be more of a learning tool for my son .
very shallow , i used one box of cake mix and had to bake two full cakes . good quality material though .
nice read but has too many typos .
this is all too bitter for most palates , and i could only enjoy it added to something sweet .
simple and works . they seem like they will start to fall apart pretty quickly but for now they are okay .
the leggings fitted pretty good , comfortable and soft . i just need to see how they feel while working out . great
a little dated but still enjoyable
just a little slow moving for me . i like fast and more action . this was a good love story though .
they are not very sturdy but for the price will probably work .
they look good , fit well but are thin and are not durable .
kind of cheaply made hanger but cute
i was looking for th grade so i didn't bother to check it out . i am sure it is good .
interesting buy cursory . without much information about the people that lived there which is why i purchased it . nice maps though .
a little bit narrow for me , not comfortable . fila does no wide size for option when i make a purchasing .
leash leaves much to be desired . i agree with the other post's that it needs to be a foot longer .
i did not notice any change in my attitude or performance . it did not cause any harm to me , though .
kind of flimsy .
i thought they were just gray but they are to bright . but it is ok anyway . no more comments thanks
my daughter loves these but she's tripped in them like times already outside . crocs are safer .
i'm satisfied . it helped my needs . took care of whatever i need ed taken care of . well satisfied . yess
this game is great for mine craft lovers . but if your new to mine craft get the pocket addition first .
i liked . my product does not come with screws to put the arms . lol i need buy somer screws now .
chose rating because although relatively enjoyable , not memorable ! disliked predictability of ending , would recommend to friends who like chick' books
i love the story , characters , an how dean koontz writes . it was a very quick read . i think to quick !
this cord does what it supposed to do , i bought this for my samsung galaxy tab . it works great .
copy is a good , old , but clean reading copy of this title for . thanks much for quick service .
my daughter dropped her phone with the case on and the phone cracked . this case is not good for protection .
great game till yesterday says needs update but there is no updates so cant play dislike was a good game
convenient way to send a lazy present . but one which is great to receive
we cut too much of it and now it is a bit short . rather a jump rope for each height
not quite as good as the first book of hers
this covers only the basic concepts . uix is completely omitted . coverage of bc j is good .
well constructed but the jack is the big mini usb , witch make it useless for mini usb jacks .
i wanted brown kakie and ended up with the light colored pants , but decided to keep them . still havent worn them .
this is an expensive little device , but if you use it as directed it should help .
i reviewed this book along with the the dark horse because of the prequel sequel story line . check out review there .
this book was ok , an easy read , but predictable . but , i'll probably read the sequel . i did like the characters .
not bad . same grammatical errors . wish that some main characters would be sacrificed to keep it more realistic . but bot bad .
it was difficult getting the stem to go to the set time position . it was disappointing to say the least
only one side was a little off but it was okay and it look nice on my phone . . .
very general . some good hints and procedures but should be priced at , not , for what you get .
warm , comfortable and looks great .
typical clive cussler ! hard to put down . not the best but with plenty of action to maintain the reader's interest
i was expecting a patch with more details and well made . however , it is okay for the price i guess .
only bad thing is the quality of the cover . very cheap looking .
didn't work for me . i did not have the necessary plug in on my wireless modem to connect it .
pain in the ass to fill up
a fairly easy game to kill a little time and work on concentration .
why won't it work for me ? it just says its not working when i get on it . help ? anybody ? please ?
cute , quirky movie . not as big as all the hype around it , but a fun watch at home .
this was a good reference , but i thought it came with a cd . good , and works fine for me . d
not quite what i expected as far as the number of bags . will probably donate this one to the library
american horror story second season is creepy good . can' t look away but have to keep checking under the bed !
it does it's purpose and looks good but is not made with the best materials , it is kind of fragile .
i got a small nd it still fit a little too loose .
this was an average movie but the message was decent . acting was poor and didn't keep me interested in watching .
good game if you are accustomed to . playing on a desktop . actually like the game included in kindle fire he package
picture looks better . the shirt is not made for d cup ladies , even in size large . the cost is low .
it was nice . a little too big for my head but nice texture to it .
this is a handy little pouch . it won't hold much , but it's very portable and light .
i have cycled it several times but the battery only lasts hrs if i am on the computer .
a really credible attempt at creating the halo universe , but not enough of master chief
the screen was bent internally so i couldn't fix it and it's very sensitive to turn off or change stations .
there are some missfires in this lot , power is less than brown hilti for example , probably because casing is thicker
i found this to be an enjoyable read . see what you think . have fun and enjoy . this is for adults only .
for the money . we expected a little more . not a horrible wreath . but we sent it back . just didn't float our boat .
it is good product , but need to improve a lot more , because big problem battery don't have hours longer !
must not have been that great dont remember it even so not sure what to say here except not sure
the carrier oil is good , but there's no scent . this was my second bottle , but i won't purchase it again .
i prefer spider but this works for me . i was used to being able to have have hints for help
does what it says for the most part , the one burned out in a few days which is not great .
the book was ok , just not my cup of tea . i'm really into more action drama than land of the living .
i haven't given the gift yet
it held my interest it was well written and i think if you like mysteries you will like this book .
this was worth reading but way too short for me . i like a book with a lot more story to it .
though i liked the style , the fit was too wide which made walking difficult . unfortunately i had to return them .
cool plants . seeds were in good shape , though i didn't get great germination , was hoping for more than germination .
great knife , smaller than it looksvery sharpand cute ! ilike it but if you want cytting power get a bigger one
it works but it is necessary to move slowly . debris seems to collect just past the mouth of the vacuum .
this version has too much cushioning
parts held my interest , but it's too predictable . ending wasn't all that great . looks like author is planning a sequel .
i like this game but i wish all the characters were unlocked and free like the android version .
does the job as usual but doesn't handle c . also you cannot use it to file for an extension electronically .
nice watch , the only con is the band is very rigid and that makes it sort of uncomfortable to wear .
a bit predictable . but it was a page turner . it would be a great beach or vacation read . i would recommend .
the case is working good without any problem . it is lighted as expected and the color is great for me
the picture shows a brighter pink than it really is . this case is more of a soft pink not bright !
served its purpose but wasn't really great product . the red is strobe and the constant red was what i needed .
there is a reason why these hooks are sold in packs , because they break easily .
little kids key mini keyboard can be fun for kids but it sounds horrible . it is really out of tune .
its not the fastist but id useful for just everyday lifealso be careful of who you get it from
shoot to kill is an entertaining crime drama . the dvd is of very good quality .
i thought the words were too small therefore i will not enjoy this as much as i thought i would
it is an old , average movie . im glad i got a chance to see it , but wouldnt watch it again .
nice looking but not that protective .
was hoping for a bigger print but overall its a good study bible would recommend it
it does what it is designed to do , and that is to cool the laptop , and it does it well ,
entry 'fire' has wrong pronunciation in this th edition . i really want new edition of the book without any errors .
this book was very interesting , it pointed out the flaws in the fbi and how john connoly was their scapegoat .
very wordy with lots of details about faamily history and the effects of the holucoust .
product as described . not much more to say about this product . it is a good product for a good price .
a good coverage of historic buildings . interesting historical tidbits . presentation needs cleaned up . liked that some historic characters were included .
nice camera , but video are terrible quality . however , due to age , i dont worry about it being stolen or damaged .
the game is ok . its very easy in the beginning and gets hard quickly . not quite what i had expected .
i like the graphics . it pretty fun i like taking people's money and u can chat with the table that's cool .
the brush is fine . the cover broke right away . go for a different oxo model !
cool little device but not strong enough but what can you expect from a or times use item .
not the size i ordered . i ordered a xl and got a xlnot the right size , does not fit
this hing is pretty useless honestly . i regret buying it since it doesnt seem to work or do anything spectacular .
fit for purpose , using light is big drain on battery , so won't use the light if i can avoid it .
the side switch for the ringer to on and off is hard to get open to switch back and forth .
gas pedal don't work right !
i can't get the edges sticky to the screen on the left and right . besides this , they are all good .
nothing wrong with this cd . nothing great either . it's basically creeper lagoon .
the game is ok but stop working after the weekly truoment complete . no instruction on has to reset the game .
i won't be buying this again .
too small .
i expected better quality from bodyguardz . disappointed the screen protector was not good quality . i would not recommend this product .
lenses are loose and have what looks like waves in them . big disappointment . still work decently though . a bit foggy .
it's a little higher than i wanted but it works . maybe an inch or two lower would have been better .
handles to the idli cooker were already broken inside pacakage . since we opened the package we could not return the item .
they are small clear plastic pump bottles not blue as pictured . what else is there to say they're just plastic bottles
i've ordered this before and loved it . seems this time it came in right before it was about to spoil .
it is a typical phone case . it serves it's purpose to protect the phone from big falls to any surface .
on the normal wash mode this washer runs a long time approx . hrs does not dry dishes very well .
it is only okay because i purchase these for the grey shirts , the black ones i throw in the garbage .
unless you are patient or have tiny fingers , these plastic cabs may not be all that easy to handle
red vines are the best , but these were stale .
needs more variety , boring . graphics are great .
great character delevopment , but inserted theoretical explanations into action scenes rather uncomfortably . i overall like the authors style and imagination .
the color , brand , and fabric seemed great . unfortunately they did not fit as expected and i decided to return them .
we do like the spoons but would like the spoon part to be bigger . nice appearance and seems sturdy too .
i have read all of lathan's previous books and i feel this one was not as interesting as the others .
take care when you try to open the wrapper of the calculator
thisis a goodgame , for relaxing . although , it has moments that really challenges you . i would recommend this game this game .
i would like to watch the movie in its entirety but the playback keeps stopping . oh well bucks wasted .
they are cute , but too small . the variety of colors is nice . however , they seemingly get lost in larger devices .
inexpensive shuffler . isn't the most sturdy but was inexpensive and what do you expect . it does the job
not the best that i have played , but not the worst either which is why i gave it a '
a bit bulkier than other covers i got , but good enough for the price !
no problems thus far . arrived undamaged and intact . fits my device as expected . three filters are intact as expected .
the stickers didn't really stick on that good at all
i bought the item for a school play and it will work perfectly for the scene we are doing . thanks
i don't play with it . it is my grandson's game . i guess he likes it . i haven't had any complaints .
i am very pleased with them but i would have liked for them to have been a bit fullerthanthey are
great for color and price ! same stock in white was . . i got for that price ! what a deal
i had higher hopes for this album . i don't like it as well as wrecking ball . your mileage may vary .
much larger than a standard file cabinet size drawer and it can't be easily cut .
honest cannot commit on this cable since it did not work with my mp player the price was great though .
i have got it for something . for that price it is worth buying .
a book on channeled messages all loving and non judgmental messages . on par with other books on channeling .
ok story , nothing special , but interesting in a light read fantasy .
i following directions which means i can not plant for quite awhile while the seeds chill in fridge
i picked the wrong color
my family decided they really didn't like quinoa so this was wasted effort . still , i may try some other recipes .
good product arrive on time
they are great , yes ! but not as perfect as the reviews made it out to be . it isn't the solution .
good read , fun to see a little insight on a character so briefly touched on in the much loved twilight series .
it is okay , the only regret i have is that it does not have lights as in the single winder model
the label is annoying . had to remove with scissor . great fabric and fits ok . in ten i give . good deal .
the battery i received is mah not mah as advertised .
i thought it was a cardboard cut out , but it was a plastic scene setter . it served its purpose , though .
i thought they would scent the room since they have febreze , but i don't notice any difference . i am disappointed .
love the hair but it tangles a bit and shed a lot . i love the curles very much nice hair
its bulky , but it works . i took it off already cause i just decided , i dont need one anymore . ha
previous reviewer was correct in that the handle was a tad flimsy , which meant i had to nuture it along .
don't like the shell color , it's too dark and not smooth . maybe type i will be better than type ii .
it is nice game for kids . they would love playing and learn .
it's does not turn very well and is very hard to keep dry . the water cannon is neet but leakes
the newer edition is set up better . the tables are clearer and i thought i was getting the newer edition . opps
this works for what i want but i wish it had a stopper or some way to completely close off .
it's ok , but the surface is not smooth and it hurts without socks . be aware before you decide to purchase .
bit over priced for a sticker
one of them didn't work . these should be sold with the cords .
it does not work well on small avocados . it is somewhat messy to use . it works better on large avocados .
i can't see the water in the tank like the other models . takes too long to warm up . steams fine .
this cd was ok , the cd's with coltrane and hartman and live in tokyo should be purchased first .
the cables should be a little bit longer , i may need an extension in order to avoid stressing the connections .
good for what i needed it . i didnt have too many apps to chose from but it is the iphone .
these are very well made . however , this one animal is a bit difficult to figure out what it is exactly .
i did enjoy it . solid characters . want to know what happens next . amazing how life has changed since that time .
have not used as yet . bought for use in case travel stops were too groos for the ladies to use .
i just wish that there were more pictures . lots of good recipes , just hard to visualize without pictures . okay book .
sturdy for where i am storing my shoes . easy to put together . convenient to move to anywhere i want to .
not really good for kindle , color pics good on computer but not so good on kindle .
there is enough detail and examples to make this book a worth while read . it should be on everyone's shelf .
it is a short term fun little monkey to shoot at the tv when you least expect it . it's cute .
i enjoyed it quite a bit . it was a very quick read it made me want to keep reading .
too big . i always wear the same size except in these shoes but the are very cute ! won't buy them again
cheap
great for small children but too small for adults . just be sure to check out the size before buying these .
it's ok but no surprises , pretty easy to see plot line . did like the city descriptions of venice and area .
these sandals are nice but way too big order a size down , . kept them because it is not that noticeable .
this movie was okay . not what i had expected . probably won't watch it again or give it away to someone .
i used this until i tried grating garlic on my microplane . now i never use the garlic press any more .
a dark purple . but , the angle makes the spoon not rest in place ? really ? i use it for tea bags instead
it was a little pricy , but exactly what i order . i could probably get it for a lower price . thanks
comes withonly foot lines . not enough to use . can i use malibu cable to add more length ?
its ok i guess it just . kindaa slow game and takes a couple of times to get an order done .
tedious maybe it should be rated for young teens , would not give to a friend .
there's nothing revolutionary here . but the music is enjoyable enough to listen to . forgettable , but enjoyable , nonetheless .
it is hard to put on and doesn't adhere fully . youl have to been in a totally dust free envoronment .
would have bought the attached cover grill box but found that it is not prime qualified . wonder why .
pretty shoe but feels cheap . i wore them once and i want to throw them out !
kind of a slow moving movie . parts were good in the story , but kind of a boring feel to it .
not near as easy to set up a budget that i wanted tostart with as i thought it would be .
this book was okay nothing special . it was written by a man but had the feeling a woman wrote it .
the color is a little bit off
good movie , produced in an unusal approach which is also very slow moving
should be easy to use once the computer functions . not yet hooked up but confident there will be no problems
these gloves are not worth the extra money . they were in the past but not now ! cheap made !
this game is a lot of fun ! takes a lot of thinking but is better than others i have tried !
you will love this christmas cd . i have been playing it and it really puts you in the christmas spirit .
not as good as the chocolate . it is a little gritty and has a strange mouthfeel . the flavor is good .
difficult to tune in the radio , difficult to operate while on the run . controls should be larger and more clear .
letters are too small .
i think this book would be very helpful for those new to weight loss and trying to change from within
not as good as his previous two , but ok .
so i'm not sure if they work or not . he just won't eat them and he's usually not that picky .
was not the right cord
the bad cable did not even register on my ipad mini . other cables at least registers and shows as incompatible .
, ute . just ok . they want more words . she is a lighthearded actress . worth seeing . nice diversion . more more more
much slower then the other james patterson books i have read . hard for me to get in to the story .
an un written story between the lines . never the less an enjoyable read . would recommend it to friends to read
haven't had a chance to use it yet , flu got me first but hope to get to it soon , thanks
this volume is of historical interest , with many illustrations and plenty of information . good for reference but hardly readable .
the pants and sleeves are short , but i do love the pajama's they are very soft ! thank you
i know that its not going to be perfect , but the static noise can be heard over the music sometimes .
wasn't what i was hoping but it works it does what it meant to do but with a low quality
keep your eyes open for a cd box set to be released
the sizing on these are too small . looks like a well made suit but sizing made it impossible to try .
i like it . its cool , fun but at some times i cant guess what it is . what a cool game
so tight that im afraid it is going to impeded on my ability to have kids later in my life .
interesting , short
five stars for what he accomplished . the writing was just not engaging enough to showcase his feat . it was something .
i read the book and i enjoyed it although maybe not as much as i had anticipated it to be .
basically cranberry jelly . if you want heat , go elsewhere . costco had the best pepper jelly , but they stopped carrying it .
i was really needing the study guide book but this book does follow the course was very helpful also .
the keyboard is too small and the case is hard to take off . other than that it's a good case .
a movie is a movie especially when the price is right . funny movie with streep and baldwin . just a funny movie .
it works well on my ipad but sometimes you have to press it hard rather than just touch it .
said it was new . it might have been but this product had some scratches . it has proved to work well .
three well written stories that were , however a bit obscure , and not very erotic to me .
the book is true and funny . fun to read and laugh with . but oh so true .
easy to follow , step by step pictures . simple projects . several coupons from sponsors , which makes the book worth buying now .
its ok it's mashed together and i haven't spread it out yet but i think it will be nice . ok
it's very pretty but it's not what i thought it was it works in my ear not on my face
i liked this book and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good romance story with a good plot .
charges a bit slow .
so so .
better than the book before but still not great only ok .
product is big and bulky and was unable to use in tight areas as intended . expected it to be smaller .
interesting concept . writing is pretty good . characters spend too much time wallowing in angst . lots of rehashing same old issues .
item was just ok . was not what i expected . hooks were too small . hooks hardly holds the bags in place .
this is an entertaining novelette worth its price . it's a quick read , but quirky and amusing in its own way .
it's like the new stars wars movies vs . the original . no character development . weak story . average digital effects . great cinematography .
headphone provide nice sound , but even the smallest ear bud covers are too big to fit comfortably in my ears
this book was entertaining erotic . the description of their union s was well written . it is an enjoyable book .
ordered got was bad but for the price i'm not going to raise a fitthank you
tuning into station s in bedroom not the best that i have had with other weather radio . dial light to dim .
quality a bit low , but it is functional
good value . this set is well priced for the quality of the stemware . happy with the purchase . will refer friends
not up to her usual standards .
it is not easy to figure out how to do a spread sheet . i can not figure thing out easily .
same as others , can't log in . i know it's a good app when it works though . please fix this soon .
very soft fabric and great looking but they don't block out the sun . they are not blackout curtains .
taste was okay and packaging was okay . item was as advertised but i just wasn't a huge fan of them .
fun book for my year old peep lover ! the part about making peep s'mores was cute .
there were a lot of duds but , it was only a buck or two for the bag .
i will not be purchasing again . like some of the ingredients , but not all . cats . the ultimate judges . were not thrilled with product .
entertaining enough .
not bad , but can be better . all other pure energy cd has more better songs then this one does .
legs keep falling off
. if you are not into logic . the author tenuously ties together a number of elements , or at least attempts to .
its nice light small but its an ok i give it and a half star .
nice , but didnt know we had to darken shower area to be ableto see the colors full and bright .
nothing really new here that i haven't already learned from surfing the net . i wouldn't recommend it to a friend .
it will occasionally pluck your fanboy heartstrings , but it's nothing to write home about . it's worth a rental at least .
for the price the tie was ok but it was kind of short but we made due for our party
not very happy with the tester as a whole . a bit uneasy to work with . overall not the best . ok .
i love elle for the fashion , reviews , articles , but it seems that there is more advertisements than the magazine itself .
could use a better stand up system . they want me to use more words , that's unfair that all i have to say .
i was not disappointed with the quality of the performance , but thought that it was awfully expensive for only one song .
these are ok . i first bought the phone and did not want finger prints , but now i am over that .
i found some stories were better than others . it was a good fantasy book with a story for different tastes
too creepy for me ! but i am a great fan of mr . howey' other books .
i usually remember the books i read and can tell you about them , this one just was not that memorable .
pretty silly , but my year old son likes it ! i still think fart jokes are funny so it works .
works fine but not too portable very fragile
good size bag . well constructed and durable . not good for small items . closure of top flap not secure .
disappointed these were a bit small for my size feet . nice design though and would work on smaller feet .
what i was looking for a slimmer mm for the cm ii advance back side panel behind cpu mount
it was a great deal , but they mar and scratch very easily . but for the price , they can't be beat .
very poor narrativevery poor narrative , no continuality , the book is not one i would recommend to aviation enthusiast . stars .
finding tops to fit my chest is a struggle . fits great in arms but could not button it at all .
great material holding up well but i thought had pattern not plain
only used once . worked fine . had to carefully insert cf card . amazing little device can read so many cards thanks
enjoy the story line and the characters , found it very interesting also true to life , like all liz byrski's novel
but not too thin if you're gonna wear it as a shell under a cardigan or dress .
it's doesn't work . no special feeling with it , but my gf said that is so uncomfortable . and it's a little expensive
not that great . doesn't have a large selection or hard to find bands . needs work .
walmart has it for . . no shipping or waiting . to save cents does not make it worth it ! will keep watching !
awesome
i prefer aerosol this works well i f you loke a product that is a spray not my style
bought two shirts had to return one because the printing was badly misaligned on the shirt . kept the other one .
very well written , interesting story . would like to meet ms . powers in person and chat with her .
a difficult game to win . haven't played this in a very long time . will try to give it more tries .
the case did not fit phone that it advertise to fit with and i bought two that wasn't nice .
a little too predictable . an easy read .
it was rather nice light reading but a very non complicated plotgood reading for light readomg the characters were different
everything ok except of that i didn't receive the princess underwear size t and i don't understand why .
nothing fancy , but the price was nice and it works out well for my husbands tablet to keep it protected .
i got these just as ordered . wish there were better directions as to where to mount on different machines types .
the game is nice to play , but some bad wrong german translations . handling is very easy with very nice pictures .
too loud
it's a little thin but cute .
this movie was something to watch on a rainy afternoon and nothing more . not worth the purchase price . oh well !
they work well , no issues with them so far , don't notice any defects but nothing stands out either . word word
it suit our needs and fix my husbands truck we didn't need to buy anywhere else it was great thanks
look like nice shoes , but do run on the narrow side . had to return , but was bummed to do it !
haven't finished yet , so will rewrite when ihaven't finished yet , so will rewrite when i do . w . morgan .
game was good overall , however did not last long enough . should have been many more cases to treat .
i really like this song , but i didn't realize that i was downloading the live version . probably my own mistake .
i'm interesting cost is about of the advanced quantum mechanics by j . j . sakurai .
the case doesn't hold the garmin comfortably . it needs to be a little larger to fit all the accessories .
my librarian recommended this .
i only really like one show and that show is project runway . the app works great . no more words . sorry .
it didn't come with the stand for the camera i should have got the stand with it for dollars
worked , but think i only got closer to pages out of this over months . geez .
the book provides interesting infomation but it is a little dry , reminds me a bit of a school text book .
from the description and image , there is no way to know that this adapter will not work for my purposes .
for me , it was very confusing . i need things simpler . but if you like deepak , go for it .
love the powder but the towels aren't quite what i expected .
nothing special about these snap caps . they are good for training how to load magazines and cycling on your weapon .
ordered a new tv needed these to go with my new purchase . they arrived in a very timely manor .
for the price i thought i would recieve a disk so i could use on other computers that i have .
this is stupid because it's a dictionary and is it's boring i hate dictionaries but they can come in handy .
why did i think this toy would be bigger , i don't know ! ? it's small enough to put on your keychain .
not the easiest translation to read , but it was great to be able to search it electronically .
it's not quite as heavy as i had hoped , but still works pretty well . good value for the price .
it was ok for a free game . color choices are too hard on my eyes only after about minutes .
they are regular black shoes strings . they are used to lace up shoes what more is there to say . thanks
very thick . but warm my feet . so good quality . but my shoes on size . so my boots shape little . bu bu
this is a nice product but made for a small steering wheel . would not reccomend purchasing this for a larger vehicle truck .
predictable action , but fun , creepy characters and surroundings . enjoyable reading despite editing flaws lots of grammatical and spelling errors .
didn't word
it does what it needs to do , but since it's clear plastic , it starts looking dingy pretty quickly .
was just what i expected . everyone loved them when i wear them . i get compliments on them all the time .
this one of the best games i have ever played . my favorite guitar is the white one . i love it
not much of bass sound at all . volume range is mediocre . made of poor quality materials . bad choice of purchase .
not bad if you're young and like to get high listening to alternative rap this is right up your alley .
it worked for couple weeks and started losing connection . the product definitely works but it doesnt seem to last long
it was plug and play with google earth . i think it is well worth the money and feels heavy built .
nice case but dont fit the ipad mini well
as represented in ads . this is a comfortable belt , not the highest quality but looks fine for what i needed .
perhaps i expect more than my fire is capable of . however i think enough of the kindle product to upgrade
it is great on elbows , but i can't say i really love this product . goes on and stays pretty greasy .
one shorted out early on trip . other performed fine . quality suspect .
thanks for the flag . it's an outdoor flag and the purple is not the same color represented in the ad .
great book for basic info . would recommend for a newby to business . for me , it was standard common sense informtion .
nice curtains . they look black and solver in the picture , but are actually black and gold . wish they we're silver
not to good
my my mom likes these . she had a stroke but these are the write size . they are pretty and colorful .
some interesting twists and turns , with more than enough bad guys . nice , mostly satisfying , page turner for a long , rainy weekend .
it starts pretty slow , but picks up speed as it goes along . it really is fantasy .
i don't have any thing bad to sad i got exactly what i purchased and every thing was on time
his second book was much better . he skipped around past and present too much . too bad abdullah lost his mind .
a little confusing at first but its additive i would and have recommended this to friends . but maneuvering is difficult
easy to apply . almost invisable and seems to decrease the redness look of scars .
a good story with interesting detail about new orleans past and present and the mardi gras . definitely young people's lit .
the story started out well , but felt it was disjointed as it progressed . great command of language and history
nice original drawings . cute and simple message . appropriate for very young children who like to play hide and go seek .
people actually write a review of a flat piece of metal that holds bacon flat ? how could it not work ?
total view adjustable blind spot mirror as seen on tv ! useful ! but easy off from my bigger mirror
it is very nice but it shines because of the bad ironing . improve that and will be great . thank you .
enjoyed this movie very much , especially since it was a truestory , some parts were hard to believe , but very interesting .
the oinly disadvantage is that you must reduce your image to no more than x for it to work .
some of the colours were definitely off , which was quite upsetting . with some tweaks , the painting came out well , though .
these are o . k . but know before you buy that these are the 's version .
the software included hardwired within is clunky , and slow , difficult to master , therefore . it is just barely satisfactory .
doesn't fit my macbook air very well , but it keeps it from scratches . i wish it was more form fitting .
its okay , color is not what i thought it was . it looked darker in the photo . don'tknow what else to say
i bought this for my mother . her tablet keeps sliding out of the clips . it's not ideal could be improved .
this bigsby hard to keep in tune and does away with some of the sustainhad to take it off
very cute , but all three are very poorly constructed . the thickness of the material used is comparable to card stock .
it was loose and didn't fit iphone s and also tried to put it on iphone c but still no .
does not have screen protector
mike is included on other sites ! big bucks for pink colcr , whats up with that ? singing machine sml p cdg karaoke player
little vibration .
they are ok except the fur cums off very easily maybe they should glue it down to them or something .
not as powerful as the pros but very good for domestic use and can't beat the price .
the home button doesn't work half the time
it's okay but doesn't help with tangles thus the stars . aside from that a good non irritating product .
the content of this book is nothing new and any book on the sales approach will be just as relevant .
an interesting story with a few twists to keep interest but no enough to compel purchasing the sequel .
i didn't realize this is a book for adults . i bought it for my children's library and it doesn't fit .
some basic truths here but could have been said in a much smaller version . well intentioned but no real surprises .
not impressed disappointed , were awesome , this one not so much ! feeling kind of cheated i guess !
sizing a little off edges lift won't line up covers screen but looks funny but i still applied to phone
robert patrick as i have never seen him before . action packed and very good
interesting , but a bit boring in places . not what i expected , however , moon landing junkies like myself will enjoy it .
like i said it's not uplifting but i keep watching it lol its a dark humor but real
. carat authentic diamond simulated princess cut canary yellow pendant . smaller than the picture looks but cute . chain not included .
light little vac that does a good job . cleaning the filter can be tricky and gross though .
this case is easy to put on , difficult to take off . for the price it is still overall satisfactory . undecided
product is great but arrived with a broken pump and lotion spilled all over .
one of the ink cartiage leaked
i thought the book would have designs that might be more current . sorry .
draw a stickman epic is interactive in a different way . liked it . beside draw a stickman epic was free .
the item came within the predicted time line . i won't be afraid to shop with them again .
ehh , no biggie
the zebra print is nothing more then a sticker . i guess i was expecting it to be painted on .
this is the prequel to pros and cons , which i loved ! not quite typical evanovich , but still a good read .
material is thin , so it becomes a bit crumpled and doesn't hang well .
a good start for understanding of how this thought methed comes about . a very easy system to read and understand .
i bought as a gift so i guess everything was ok
the only thing i could complain about would be the over done plot . girl gets naked pictures sent ? seen it !
everyone should watch and own this movie . i never get tired of it . it is a classic don't trust anyone !
bottom part slides off sometimes inadvertently .
picture sharp and a aspect ratio but recorded in stereo , no dolby digital or dts
the shirt is overpriced for . the design is great , but the shirt started to fade after a couple uses .
cheaply made . paint blobs and unpainted parts on the front side . pretty flimsily . i am disappointed , especially for the price !
effortless read . kept me wanting more . def worth reading if your into fantasy . i am def ordering the next book
would have liked this book to be a bit more developed . however , the message is clear , universal , and thought provoking .
the story was excellent but difficult to read at times . unless you know spanish plan to skip over conversations .
had the basis for a really good story here , however the writing let it down . not a bad read
becase i come from china . and it made in china . so you knon what i mean . this knofe is not very good . !
the size is too large . i'm a big guy , but selecting l was a bad idea . however , feels nice and free .
but it was very hard to put together ! we had to hire somebody to put it together for us .
the storyline was pretty good and ties on with later comics , but it just wasn't my favorite jango boba fett tale .
was a classic hard rocker read that and ronnie is a legend what nore needs to be said
this was an okay read not sure what but something was missing an ok read . thank you it was free
works great . one stone came cracked .
come of the recipes are good for loosing weight and giving you extra engery through out the day if needed .
but i dropped it the second day i owned it and it won't glue back it was so cute ,
attractive cover and love the color . but it does not fit the edition of the samsung galaxy note . tablet .
i would give this a higher rating except for the missing parts that were impossible to get from the manufacturer .
this bag is constructed of very thin material . i do not think it would hold up well on an airplane .
i can not get internet pages to load , but i am connected to the internet . otherwise its a good toy
i bought this for my brother who was visiting and i think it is helping the problem .
games are ok just have to find the ones you like . but i like hope they get better games though
i have read all the books up to this one is this series so far and i love them
i already made a review with this but they keep asking me to change it because it was too detailed .
it's not as much fun as i had hoped . it's ok , just not as much excitement as i had expected .
good item , works great !
a little depressing but still had to and wanted to finish it !
it converts the video to hdmi as advertised . the only complaint is that it does not carry audio as well ,
they are not as to apply as advertised nor do they last as long as they advertised they would last .
good point probably most recent vision bookbad point hard to read , missing obvious computer vision topics
it is very scary and it is cool . the movie is a lot better .
another addition to my history collection . i enjoy know more about some of our great atheletes . this is a keeper .
this item is good for what it is intended for . but it was the wrong program for what i needed .
i was disappointed at the length of the book and my elementary school clients got bored with the book quickly .
it has some nice shows on but not a big selection . my rating overall that product is not too bad .
hi very nice bag but it's look's cheep material , but my wife happy with it .
you get what you pay for . not much else to be said . could be stronger but is awesome for beginners .
ok
found it painful to read . main character had such a tragic life . however , writing was beautiful and kept me engaged .
is fine but the attachment of the finials is a bit iffy with such a small screw . am using them .
i liked this one better than the third book but the first one i liked the best .
was not clear about what was included with product ! had to re use old parts to make it work ! buyer beware .
my card worked no problems at all i will be buying the month version when this card runs out .
did surveys and stuff and didn't get chips but in all decently good
smaller than i had envisioned it . my own fault . i could see clearly how much it held in the description .
i enjoy the recipes it's fun and easy to prepare . i give this book stars . i like the recipes
a bit of a slog . expected better structure . i wouldn't rush to read this unless you just can't help yourself .
much less slouchy than i had pictured it , maybe i just have a big head . it is very warm though
it is cheap , but some keys are not so sensitive to response . totally it is a good product to buy
i thought it was ok but its kind of slow and not really what i exspected but it was fun
i love the soft sparkle great sweater i just was swimming in the xl and i am a ddd .
the black from the soles scuffs onto the orange quite easily , so maybe wipe off the soles first before wearing
fabric is thinner and sizing alittle small in the body . otherwise ok . haven't really worn them muchbut will soon
nice for skin on body but , clogged my facial pores causing white heads
not really as good as the other pilot programs it probably wont be made so don't get invested in it
have not used the new navigation disc yet my navigation is broken for now have to get it fixed first .
the top fit pretty comparable to other brands . however the pants were too short and very bunchy .
kinda boring . sound of each song is very similar to the one next to it .
only holds up for months , but cute and cheap .
no variation in format . would like more articles about pga , lpga or champion tours . more tips about swing rithm and tempo .
one of tobe hooper's best works
just okay . fits kind of loosely .
so far so good . this does the job expected . nothing special or fancy but travel friendly and performs to standard .
it was okay but not the quality i expected the items was not the material i expected or the make
it's a good value for the price . ok for grandparents who get the occasional visit from the grand children ok
pleased with this so far .
hey , it is great for the halloween season so , it's fun for a couple weeks and that is about it .
does what it says , but sadly only for hz . it would be nice to be able to select different frequencies .
too tiny to read .
i am an x files fan , anyhow . i always thought earlier seasons are best , so i enjoyed it a lot
good product but i thought oysters were too largei prefer a petite oysterplease offer a smaller oyster as an option
good resource for those who are new to the concept of diet and it's relationship to migraines .
even though this is the style game i prefer , this one wasn't to my liking ! aparently i prefer animated graphics .
i purchased this book for my brother who loves hard boiled detective stories . he seemed pleased when he received it .
really needs four wheels , but could t find a brand with four wheels . nice that it is fully adjustable .
only one story . my kids were bored after the first reading . would like to see additional story options . installed already .
the colourway looks cool and especially suitable for summer . it's okay , pretty comfortable to wear for running . would recommend ! p
the artificial sweetener they use in this cocoa is a bad idea ruins the flavor completly . otherwise a fair product .
very cute story mom's opinion but only asked to read one time . child four year old boy .
it was fulfilled as ordered . minimum expectations were met . nothing to rave about . anything less would have been a dissatisfier .
some of the pica don't make sense its more of a word scramble than anything but its ok i guess
buena tabla para el precio . de tama ntilde o adecuado . de f aacute cil uso , dentro de lo que cabe . recomendable para ver correos y videos .
came in good condition
it was required for a class that i am taking . it is very interesting to read . it is very informative .
not much different from any other xmas album . i was hoping for more duck dynasty style renditions of the titles presented .
pros lightweight , inexpensive , a little goes a long ways , slightly tames frizzes , smells nicecons best used with another styling product
alright
all i could muster to make any of this book fit my reality . a good job of historical ancient history .
not very durable . i couple of the straps broke as i was pulling them tight around an object .
when the checked long press it doesn't work in game . but it works only in notepad . the product is ok .
book would be great if more recipes were added . the pictures were helpful and in color . typical e book in amazon .
information is good but pictures , illustrations are dated . easy to read with many pictures so you can see the exercises movements .
thought was a lovely dress but not used to the sizing and found it too bigbut will order againt
could have shown more indeapth on construction and lay out , to simpistic of book
too expensive for what i'm getting but it performs the necessary functions . wish i could have payed less . .
this item fits well , but i wouldn't advise it for wear at work . for workouts , its great though . try it .
bought this cap for the white piping nice contrast blue whitebad adjustable opening makes caps look cheap could'nt find alternative
great for a mid day nap . only effective for a short period of time . definitely relaxing .
my boyfriend likes it , i though it was dumb
we bought this book before a week long family vacation in st . augustine , fl . we didn't find it too helpful .
this is from the same concert as tune up and you can see my comments there .
i am happy with my case . it does what i need it to do which is to hold my phone .
i'm a little disappointed with this product . i haven't noticed any results .
these pillows were unexpectedly not at all fluffy , but were instead entirely flat , which wasn't optimal for the intended use
a little mediocre . didn't have a lot of oh my can't put this down kinda feel . good writing tho and fairly enjoyed . a a a
great bank ! however , it was smaller than expected . it would be great for a child because it is so small .
it's okay , helps a bit , but it won't raise lazarus from the dead . really needs to be used with yohimbe .
the edges do not sit flat and the quality is not worth the price . looks much better in the photo .
book was good , not enough action . her books usually make me laugh out , this was a little boring . still okay .
my grandsons watched it , but they really wanted it to be aplaystation game .
try too hard to sell coins and seems to be set to loose fast .
just okay wouldn't recommend just download the song you want . i expected more , disappointed . what else is there to say .
few seconds delay , lags quite often , and only certain videos will have audio . nice idea but needs to be improved .
mr . patterson spends far too much time developing the characters , not enough chasing clues , suspects , interviewing .
this is very small and not very strong . it feels cheap . did not work as well as my old one .
probably would not buy again . sorry i bought two boxes . i like folgers instant coffee better than these vue cups .
salep is a new taste for me and i am not crazy about it
comfortable . a little bigger than expected but will work .
these are okay , but there are better options out there . hence fantasia air flow charcoal . go get these !
works ok . i'd recommend silipos gel plantar fasciitis arch sleeve foot over this product , though .
it is beautiful but the footboard was bent i am just keeping my fingers cross it doesn't break in half
the battery died after only a couple months . it cost more to replace the battery than to buy the watch .
as the subject said the muffins were a pleasant low carb treat . i would by them again .
just received this product the other day and am looking forward to seeing if i get any results with it .
i like cynthia eden . she's one of my favorites for paranormal romance . this was was just okay for me though .
ok , but didn't the mad bull start his judicial career as roger bullingham ? how did he become leonard ?
nice blue
its okay .
v kery interesting story line . mountain climbing details and stats were tedious at times . wonderful humor woven throughout the book .
the only flaw of this product is dim light . w is not enough , w units would be much better .
if you head is not big , consider different classes . i'm ' and they big on me . otherwise good quality glasses .
windows needs improvement . slow , doesn't always work , too bad we can't choose operating system when ordering a computer online
after first wash one pad had already started to come apart . kinda a bummer when you pay south for them .
it works very good , but the numbers are a little too hard to see . could use a better display .
a good documentary about the wild horses that roam the island , although it does not give much information about them .
''twas okay
cable work okay and charges iphone . it could fit better and could be more sturdy .
felt on a section has already faded . i only sat on the top of it for just a few hours .
this is an interesting perspective on the laws of the universe but it is an oversimplification of a magnificent topic .
i find it cumberson to use . it should have a search window where you can look up words very quickly .
worked
honestly , it's too slow so i get jumps easily .
i have heard of making a profit for an item but the price they charge is pure greed .
it would have been a good short story . it dragged on and on . i would not recommend it to others .
my sisters are really lame . they never let me know if they liked this or not . sorry .
this is not a true tens . however , that being said it does a great job at pulsing the the muscles .
i will have to say that it was over interesting and i did learn something new . keep an open mind .
easy read but reminiscent of fallen skies just with zombies instead of aliens . i enjoyed it enough to finish it .
easier than accordion but didn't block sun as well as i thought
difficult to use but worked well for barcode on hitman costume .
i know this dvd is awesome , but why is it taking so long for it to be released ? !
i had a difficult time getting through the last of the story . much too much detail .
they are a very nice boot but they tend to run large around the calves . they are very warm though
acai sass daddy off gag hu juju oz . xx cc vivo bb nan mm cue drag for off deer go
it works ok . but i wish i had spent a little more money for better sound . bla bla bla bla
i was expecting more slots for business cards and credit cards and other things that may go in a wallet
this may have been stars but the holley sara love story is incredibly stupid so stars at best
it's a quick , forgettable read . not great but not bad either . worth a download if you are a fantasy fan .
it is okay i thought it would be better than that . karen did not sound like she was into christmas .
getting old , don't know if the series will hold my interest much longer . i hope she wraps it up soon .
the ads didn't popup ! hate to spend to play seamlessly , but . the game is fun , and helps broaden your vocabulary !
i didn't really like the tow part because it falls off easily
it work okay but my congestion was so bad i still needed prescription . so the product didn't work g for me
the case was torn and missing a large chunk . other than that the tape worked fine !
hi , in my system , avast anti virus considered it not recommended to run the software . what to do ? pitty . thanks , andre
this is fun way to spend some time . wish i could afford to play as much as i would like .
this was an ok book . stephen kind of made it hard to read at the end !
ok . covers the basics and definitions . good starter foundation to learn about twin flames and how to find yours . interesting .
i just thought it would fit different . but it's to tight
the shoe stretcher is an okay item i would buy again only no spry oils to enhance the stretching process
too many time warps in the beginning hard to follow , but one it got moving , enjoyed it very much
the ending was kind of transparent . the short story is interesting but not one that is a real head stomper .
buy a half size bigger because they are a bit too tight on the toes
i guess i expected some thing different . i already follow housecleaning so it didn't give me anything different . sorry .
stana seemed in left field poor posture and little attention others were somewhat involved nathon was the one most involved
colors fades away
on ordering , ensure that you request one with a hunchback as this will guarantee the crust won't collapse . absolutely gorgeous .
good product . purchased for family reunion to entertain children . looking forward to using it with activity ball set i purchased .
quality in general , soles a bit hard , but it's very cheap price
smaller than i expected . bc so small not using as much as i planned that i would good price ,
not very dependable , the electronics are kind of flaky
didn't like it well enough to order other seasons .
it was a good book but a little predictable at some pointsbut still i liked it and hope you do
i enjoy the game very much but it is a little difficult . i can't wait to unlock new weapons and armor .
this backpack is ok , but it is smaller than i thought , it looks like a school backpack , good material thoug
it's not the greatest .
i'm not sure it really works . at least not in my outdoor turtle tank
beautiful , as pictured earrings . only problem experienced was one of the earrings doesn't click closed .
feel nice on me but don't wear them much because i have another pair that has front pockets . need pockets
i would like the app more if all the games were unlocked hdhdudhdj hdhdhdhdhdhhdh sjsjsjdhdh jsjshgdgshsh hshsggsggd hdydgdggd dgdghdhdhh hdhdhdh
very hard to apply !
i didn't like this movie . it is equivalent to the 'b' movies from the s and s .
i really love this product it fits great with my laptop . the only thing i don't like is the keyboard .
the miracle detailer from amico is better . does not seem to protect the car like other detailers do but it works .
this video informs the viewer beginner well , but moves through the actual positions too quickly and talks too much in between .
it is a little less substantial than i'd have hoped for but i can adjust volume , on and off fine .
works great ! doesn't last long enough .
pedestrian functionality and very average user interface . the capability can be easily replicated or exceeded with a simple xl spreadsheet
they never hold up for very long but there is no other option than buying new headsets . easy to replace .
lights work and are very bright .
was really looking for the medition . the nomen original edition was a bit deceiving .
interesting , but a bit slow . got better as it went further into the book
worked for what i used them for , but are not very good for ping pong
it will protect your creative . though the leather on the clip tares off and gives it a cheap look .
not the best i've used i love the color , but the liner is very very soft and crumbles easily .
no more books . i wait for one week however they email me that there is no more books , so sad
this is probably my fault for not reading closer , ended up using it as a bath oil . that worked well .
high high wayy too high priced just need to find same bottles else where
i was disappointed at how short this story was , but it was powerful . i just wished that it was longer
after great reviews , i was dissapointed in this book . it was dry which made it difficult to follow .
light and easy . this was a fast read . my husband would never pick it up , but i enjoyed it . and i'mfromsonoma county
i think it would have been more bigger but they look lovely still so i'm rock them anyway its alrite
another gift that diid not make it in time . recipes look promising . fed ex let me down .
very cute , but does not fit my steering wheel cover , its a little bit big !
pros very low price , good snug fit . accurate photo , easy to install . cons buttons feel cheap and tend to stick .
worked fine for a while until the clip broke off and there is no way to re attach it .
its a very common battery design for a laptop . it seems to work and function per its design . the end
not wonderfulthe plot was complicated enough to keep me interested but just complicated enough . not enough twists and turns .
vit c and hyaluronic acid combo should help with fine lines and smoother skinwill use and monitor for improvement
there wasn't anything really special about this book . more of the same story . i just want this walk to end now .
it's alright . i'm not sure if it's the device or the card but it seems like it's a little slow .
this device seemed to work , but wouldn't power my c pap breathing machine . perhaps it would work better for another use .
i expected a better quality . cheaply made not worth the money . i'd consider this a ten dollar top from walmart .
have to download a mb program to download songs , not touch screen compatible . not for win . tablet users . uninstalling .
this container is very awkward , difficult to open and use . i will use it for travel because of its size .
this product was average . i expected more support and better quality . not really worth the money i paid for it .
nice bag but didnt get the free clicker .
would have liked more music and less talk . wanted more like 'cambria' . the songs were good . i liked it .
average among the series . i though acing contracts and acing property were a lot better . but this one does well .
pecan pie and deadly lies was an enjoyable read . life can be so easily compromised by others through their lies
no size or quantity listed not clear on color as pictures of cans do not show pink ? please advise ? thanx
the watch is nice , but the picture made it look a lot better than it physically does . overall nice watch .
it does not work very well it falls apart easy and it gets very dirty and is hard to clean .
great gloves but they don't stop the numbness . good starter pair but i will probably order a different pair later .
the description said it was a dog and the picture shows it as such , but is comesa as a duck ?
i liked this cd , but i like the original version of mexico en la piel better . i got it at .
fun game . nice for ages amp up . starts easy but challenging . good storyline too . can't wait for next version .
did not stick very well to the trash can i put it on , already peeling off . i cleaned the surface
shallow , predictable , yet interesting book . good at the beginning but slowly becomes worse . overall an okay book . summary is misleading .
my month old pulls them right out of the wall . my three year old had a hard time .
helps give me energy and reduces appetite , but doesn't seem to impact me losing weight . i'll stick to caffeine pills .
i decided to just diet and exercise because that actually works . didn't try product long enough to properly review it .
it has been up since i received it and i still have mice albeit less than before . very slow working .
it's ok , buy mont blanc fineliner or rollerball instead this does fit the tipen titanium ink pen however
i feel like i am reading the same reading day after day . have other devotionals that i enjoy reading more ,
bought one . liked it and ordered a second . its not fancy but it gets the job done . volume control is great .
good quality , not much to say , just needed for a camping trip and that was it , thanks for the product
it is nice she likes it i well lets just say she likes it and she says it is comfortable
not much to say about this it works good and does what it says i would buy again o o
purchased because geraint wyn davies was in it and he was wonderful ! not the lead , but an important part .
for me it made my skin red and itchy . i have allergies so for you it might be okay .
my kids are studying for military test and they have found it helpful so far .
good quality product but dont think i needed it coz too translucent , but it is suppose to be liner afterall
comfortable and good value for money . very useful for daily use for people with minor knee problems .
arrived promptly . somehow it's larger than i anticipated but i think that's probably my stupidity
my sister have't seen the whole dvd yet , but she once had it on vhs tape . jorn busk
not sure what to think except i do not recommend using with a soaker hose .
its not bad but its not necessary . i recommend using baby oil to clean better .
it fitted better than i expected
i haven't actually used the cutter but it seems like pretty good quality . i would recommend this to other buyers .
the story was interesting but dragged along . disappointed the main characters didn't meet until the end of the book .
i expected to notice a little weight loss but i didnt . it kinda works
the power charger was not included . must spend more money to use it . not such a good deal now . very disappointed
great idea poorly executed .
the string is way to thin for fish of any size u need to get better cord for it .
did not realize that after time the inscribed material fades and cannot read . magic marker comes in handy after all
very cute and i get tons of compliments but not a tight fit . gets more loose with time
i got my money's worth with this . the construction is good for the price .
low quality product , i ordered a case where every boot is different thickness , logo flackingoff after first time in the dishwasher .
my dog absolutely hates it ! ! i attempted to brush his teeth and he ran and hid under the bed !
it just wasn't what i expected . too much about the author and not enough about kennedys . would not recommend it
i like this shoes but it huts a little bit , its hard . fits as expected
nipples collapse too easily while baby is eating preventing continuous flow . lids pop off too easily .
it wasn't quite what i expected . i really wanted advise about how to invest money . less about saving money , etc
i need the first part of the story . had the second part already , so it did not matter . obama sucks .
disappointed story plot too similar to several previousbooks and action was slow . not bad but not his best either .
love the story , but the book is smaller than i expected .
grandchildren like it . it was entertaining . probably will do it again next year . good use of numbers for the smaller children .
these items connected to my ipod talk and was just what i needed to stay plugged in on my trip .
received raw almonds but needed to make almond butter so i used them anyway . the almonds were really good though .
i waited a week for this . thought i order the strategy guide . sooooo wrong ! but i'll keep it anyway . '
the color fades fast like it gets scratched off , but other than that i loved it while i had it .
pretty nice cd . her vocals still need a lot of work . timberland did a good job with this cd .
it an ok series and i am hoping it improves over time . characters are good as well . thank you , scott p .
nothing out of the ordinary . making it from scratch is much better than the canned stuff as with most things .
a little big for my month old , but not too bad .
the book is okay . nothing spectacular . i just thought it would be something different . that's all i have to say .
works alright if you don't have dry hair or need extra conditioning .
i recommend to buy item in a bigger size because it runs very small my child almost did not fit
good detail , wish it was larger . using it for school demo . size should be more clearly marked in product description .
a pretty good bob lee swagger novel , better if you're more interested in wwii military history than in sniper lore .
recommended ! gave insight to street living by choice . life is probably worse than written . read as a book club selection .
our gerbils seemed to enjoy it , but it did take them a long time to eat the outside tube .
my wife absolutely loves it . i find the flavor much too strong and salty , so i leave it to her .
kind of lame , frankly . but at least it's clean and watchable for the whole family .
the charging port did not work after a week of usage . other than that , the phone was okay to use .
pro last a long while and was on salecon kinda smelled a bit like axe without the strong fragrance
perfect for under our cabinet only complaint is hard to see screen when not standing directly in front if it
formulaic but good hearted . fun and just what you expect . no pretensions . what you see is what you get . enjoy !
its not very opaque , but its a pretty color .
its fun to play when you got nothing to do . and its fun if you like pokemon . its like pokemon a lot
it was informative but the delivery was sewhat dry . a fascinating and compelling subject with too little written on it .
a few good tunes on this album but not a standout . fans will appreciate it more . excellent packaging and sound .
like all of pattersons' books appologies to the co authors an entertaining read with little substance that the reader will finish quickly .
they stain very easily . have tried soaking in bleach . not very flexible . other then that they arrived quickly . okay buy
i began the first episode and it was good but i lost interest quickly . perhaps i've over dosed on downton .
not quite the music i remember from years ago , but classic steve walsh vocals as i remember .
i returned the unit since it's hard to connect to wifi in longer distance . it's ok for normal range usage .
an ok story with great potential . but not one that i would rave about to others as a must read .
its ok wish it would not loosen up all the time but other then that is perfect for my truck
my order arrived fairly timely . i am pleased with my purchase , and will order more things from this seller .
this faceplate is pretty but its slippery and has a weird feel . you cant grasp it that well its was ok .
i found this psychological thriller a bit to scary for my taste . very well written but just not my style .
the quality of the gloves is subpar . they're stiff and not that protectant against the cold . i honestly returned mine .
i love the way it feels and looks , but i would prefer better coverage . great for younger , acne prone skin .
internet connection too slow for device to work properly . sent back for refund to my account that it was purchased from .
the adaptor plug was slightly longer than original , however works well . the whole assembly is slightly shorter than the original .
this is a little confusing if you've learned the dsm iv already , but very good for novice .
didn't , t get the resultsi was hoping for .
worked as described .
good story though loved seychelles . the ending was disappointing as more was expected of the two main characters . too long
this is decent priced table for weekend campers . unfortunately it does not fully fold out to create a flat surface .
this is a good product to use when you have fuzzy hair or you want to take the curl out .
works fine
we adopted a very nervous lab . we thought this might help calm him . it did nothing that we could see .
well made and does not mark the screen . the screen does not always respond . samsung . would not recommend .
not overly impressed with this product . not sure it is legit as i haven't necessarily noticed much of a difference .
challenging without being too difficult , shadows are a nice contrast and are wonderful for someone like me with decreased vision .
just buy it for movie superman , the rest is so so , but like i said before , pretty cool super figure
need to be more informative regarding use and how to get around tablet . especially for those who aren't computer literate
so far the product is ok . the only complaint is that it is noisy
didn't really use
i liked the book , thought it was a little too gory for me . other people may not find this so .
enjoyed movie
good
first one came without a program button called manufacturer and they sent another to replace it . have not programmed yet
how do you get the old ferrule off without damage to the pool que ? i don't have a lathe .
after ordering the wrong length feet , it is was i wanted . great price for . usb super speed cables .
it's ok . it's worth the price .
pleasant enough not as good as a husbands secret . points for a rating . very predictable but very cute ending .
was slightly difficult place perfectly on kindle . overall though a good product and its american made so its worth the buy .
a decent insight into the world of el sistema , a truly inspiring place . written very much from a fans perspective .
didn't really do much as far as a show of lights . maybe would be better in a very small pool .
pretty darn funny . super easy read when you dont wanna think and just laugh this is your book .
my grandson carried a pin around for awhile but he really wasn't that into them . they are really cute though .
i thought this was very pretty , but not worth the price . i thinkit is about ten dollars too high .
review good . i expected more from the film . i feel it was inconclusive .
these pajamas are cute but thin and run small . my month old son is lbs and needed a t .
great color and look . difficulty to remove from phone . overall pleased with product given it's price point . i would recommend
i had heard a couple of these songs was a little disappointed the whole cd was not that great !
the disk is ok but only the movie disk works on my dvd . the second disk does not work
idk wat some people are saying this bookwas good but just not as good as one . try it sometime soon
i'm still learning how to use it i can't give a definitive answer right at this moment to many words
nice to remember the holiday when you are on the road . suitable for traveling . over priced for what it is .
a unusual story for sure , unlike anything i've read before . hey , i'm a poet and didn't know it .
for music at mph on a bike it's great , but everyone complains they can't hear me on the phone .
this watch is very good looking and fun to watch work with the clear face looking into the working parts .
most of the recipes are too elaborate too many ingredients too much preparation time . this was a disappointment .
i like that it is individual packages that's easy to take with me but i don't like the artificial sweetener
my son commented that it was okay , it was not really as funny and good as other books out there .
sort of hard to attach
does not belong in mbp . i did not resolve my issue , not even sure if the card works .
leather not as pliable as more expensive gloves from neiman marcus , but warm and serviceable . fingers are a bit long .
too expensive , honestly . knock bucks off this thing . the plastic is cheap . works great , though .
these scissors are very sharp and work quite good . they are a bit heavier than i thought they would be .
quick easy games some more challenging than others that are good for kids . be prepared for the ads between games .
very cheap quality
i recently purchased this product . it was alot smaller then i thought it would be . it does look well built .
i am a beginner , i want to learn java quickly . but this book cann'thelp me to do this .
eh it okay should be a way to earn hints other than whats there i dint pay for stuff .
it's good except that you have to keep your memory card in it to view the pictures
i am sure that it is good for you but can't say i found any difference in way i felt .
decent shirt , but the sizing runs a little small , and the quality of cotton is not what i hoped for .
under the specifications it says that the case diameter is mm ! while the manufacturer's web site says . mm .
purchased for child's first apartment . decent value for number and quality of pieces . very acceptable for beginners and aspiring chefs .
the lg bd is good . but not give software for player bd . i not recomend . only use for play dvd o burns .
very short . only an hour
not the frustration free packaging that i thought it would be when i ordered . i will be more careful next time
kinda interesting i had a doge motorhome similar to this one and it drove great , it had a v .
the box was not the best . the pieces were loose inside . the cart is somewhat flimsy for what i paid .
for off its great . kinda on the light side . wish it had more weight to it .
the first thing i learned from this book was that i should not even bother upgrading my current computer .
everything else seemed to fit nicely , but with the sides were cut so wide that i couldn't wear the suit .
the battery isn't so good it is very short , the mic isn't very clear when hearing someone talk to you
the ending sucked ! nothing worse than enjoying a book with no ending . i enjoyed of it . more characters needed .
i need to jiggle the insert end and prop it up to charge my kindle . then it does its job
my month old is normal size and normally wears t and some t . the t size barely fit her !
i heard about slippery elm lozenges as a way to cure a scratchy throat . slippery elm didn't work for me .
seems well made . very small . more of a lunch bag backpack . not good for trips to grandma's . word word word .
pool was missing intake and output port inserts . customer service barely spoke english , tried to blame it on pump manufacturer .
i bought this as a gift and everyone seems to love it . it just keeps waving . probably would buy again .
didn't have the pieces shown many doubles and no cheff no tolken bbbbb bvb bbb bbb bbb bbb bbbb bb
no surprises with this book . like all its other predecessors . nice it came out fast after office came out .
it's a fun game for any sim lovers but the down part of this game is the real human hours
the mug are not original , the rest of the load if it is . . . . . . . .
i am not really fond of man on manand it went on more about touchy feely stuff , it was ok ,
ok , i am an absilute beginner so need a much simpler type of lesson to have any luck . oh , well !
ordered ct boxes some boxes came with only to the box .
while this book was very well written , i found the main characters rather unlikeable and the story itself boring .
turns out to be more supernatural than mystery . one man's version of hell . has you rooting for the bad guys .
to know the series is to love it . never would see in theaters but online or dvd , yea why not .
great fan , but it's kinda loud . i've been sleeping with it on and it does a hell of a job .
i love the design was just a little disappointed in the quality wasn't as heavy duty as i had expected .
this product is okay , but i had just as good of success making my own cowash with regular cheap conditioner .
it is a fun toy but the gun does jam and doesn't shoot as far as i hoped .
it is heavy . i was expecting something lighter than can be carried with luggage or convenient to bring around trips .
how do u update ? i have tried everything can not find a way to update the monopoly slots . very frustrating !
good quality sound , works better than most of the other brands , clear sound on the iphone or samsung mobile devices .
very comfortable and stylish . however , it definitely runs a little small . should have gone up size ! my bad tho .
opp swatch out will not lock opensuch a shock for a old guyneed duct tape or bailing wire
i used this and it didn't do anything to my hair this bottle is overpriced it's tiny and very expensive
i am glad that this was free , it was so short that i finished it inabout ten minutes . thanks
good price but its an average headset ! nothing extraordinary !
i ordered the case it was . it isnt that gold . not so hawt as it looks on the we .
this is only for toy or costume or display purposes . this is not for serious use . purchase knowing about this .
what can i say , it works as designed .
for a gift . elementary students like this type of stuff . after listening to them talk about it . it personally doesn't appeals to me .
my granddaughter loves this . i don't get the fascination that she does . since it is free , i can't complain . ok
not true to color at all but a decent purchase for the price , hasn't popped off my phone or broken .
another page turner from berry . great ride . looking forward to whatever is coming next from thisgifted writer . hopefully in the very near future
i returned this , even though it was a pretty case , it was not the correct size case for my nook
i may have missed the small print , but i wanted a cd , not a cassette . great live performance . marginal sound .
it's got all the stuff you need to repair , rev up amp rejuvinate your old gs .
i bought to help with my migraines , but it actually gave me one . my friend used it and liked it .
a bit narrow in the toes but they look great . i'll give them a little more time to break in .
this arrived in a timely manor and i'm now sucking up dirt with out a problem .
i always love the mamas and the papas . scot mckenzie sang his best on san francisco .
this product arrived in stick form . expected herbal incense spice disappointed with purchase , seller could be a little more descriptive
i love my roman stand ! the picture is clear and it looks life like . it even arrived early . love it !
okay for the kids . doesn't much benefit from hd . appropriately g rating . pro on kids level . con teaches disrespect for authority .
it felt drawn out . the story could have been told in half the number of pages . i would not recommend .
can not hear we'll when talking on phone with case on
the samples provided are okay i'd hoped for more different examples and more instruction on how to do different things .
good for a quick read , but it was a little too trite predictable . the characters weren't real likeable , either .
not what is pictured the bail is different , not as classy . pretty stone .
wasn't the quality i thought it was . it is just ok for the price . cute enough to use for the bar .
it's hard to get used to the controls but overall it's a good game . i'ts definitely challenging .
after a while it just gets repetitive . it's enjoyable though so i liked reading it . the first book was better
this is a story that needed to be told , for me it somewhere along in the read my interest faded
not a bad read , i enjoyed the story line i liked both charactershe sure tamed serena , loved loved it
it works well there are some features it should have that it doesn't but it works
this flash is ok , it has lot's of memory but like other reviews have stated it's just so darn slow
good product but it was more difficult to put on . still looks good but there's a lot of air bubbles .
this games fun and does not take long to load but when i left the game the sound kept playing
i require technical assistance team did not want to turnthe tablet on but does not want to end up opening
doesn't come with a screen protector cover
fast shipping . book is older than what was described as like new condition . pages are yellow and seems very old .
i'm a fan of archer , and its not too different from other archer episodes . continue the adventures in season !
the case seem a little hard to deal with , like it do not covering the power and the volume correctly ,
very picturesque the image of people dancing salsa and latin rhythms in frozen st petersburg . happy endings are always nice
disappointed with the fact that the prices are constantly changing and you can't be sure of what you will get .
i like it . but , a little too small . i like the color . the belt was too small . thank you
the story is interesting . it is a great quick read that keeps your attention .
this book was a required book for class . i neither love it or don't love it . i'm neutral on it
way too busy for my tastes . acting and the actors themselves were pretty good but the story was kinda meh .
they are cute but they don't fit should have gotten a bigger size it it's ok they will due . thanks
good movie with lots of action especially at the beginning but it slowed down towards the middle and became predictable .
the ultimate does not work as well as the next , lower brand ?
size too big . great boot tho ! had to return and get size smaller . i like that theyre waterproof .
worst ending ever ! i was waiting to see liam appear again ! no one likes it when a main character dies !
doesn't really give much support at all very nice cover , but disapponting performance foam is much too squishy
not his best , but better than many others . could have works on it some more . still , a very nice read .
i haven't found this to be as useful as i'd hoped . it doesn't come very sharp , either .
it doesn't fit like my blue one n the pink is different from my jersey but what can u do .
sweet book , ok illustrations . its nice to read the nursery rhymes with my baby .
the only complaint i have is that it is not very sturdy , so you can't really put anything on top .
it works great . buy some extra tips . i use it with the gumdrop case and cover and it still works .
movie was ok , d was ok , though it was little better in d . couldn't get into movie as much . it was an intresting product .
spouse does not like the scent so i will probably never use all of this product .
fits like a second skin . very soft . but sizes run small .
tea will leak while you are serving . in addition , the top cover is very loose and can fall out easily .
are you sure it made in the usa'i can't believing that worth my . maybe ? a little
very interesting in the beginning . the middle and ending were predictable and any mystery reader could predict type of ending
heat is distributed evenly , however the controls are not the bestdoes not shed or pill that is the good part
i think it would get old over time . but was great for the trip , which what i bought it for
this was not exactly what i was expecting for my year old grandson . it was not useful for practice
wasn't up to his usual quality . more mystery , less action . this one isset before he got out of army .
they are a little smaller than expected , but will work for my kumohimo project . like the shape and antiqued color .
this costume fits well , but it is difficult to tell what it really is once it is on the dog .
sometimes it loses charge and takes a few days to charge . i thought it was dead and almost threw it away .
its ok but this app not for me . this game was ok . i think this is more for younger people .
patterns are easy to sew but the bellybutton barbie is a little more curvey than the patterns seam allowances .
good audio quality , but the tubing has a significant memory to it and tends to curl up the wrong way
well , my fish had no complaints so i guess it worked well . hard to tell really . it is what it is !
very great deal
it was pretty good . not as exciting as others i have read but still enjoyed it . i would probably recommend it .
music tells a honest story . about the thoughts . and emotions of a man . a good listen . and a lesson teacher .
it is ok . only a few songs i really like to listen to a lot .
enjoyed the book and looking for more . as soon as the budget allows ! most likely will purchase for kindle reader
it was a good read , a little long perhaps , but very well done . let's see what my book club thinks
i love this game but you should not have to pay to unlock other things do not get it . love nikki
i thought this product would pick up more dirt and lint . it was not very powerful and very average product .
working for my machine not much to say am not a barber trying to save some greens and lost time .
brought this for my daughter as her first camera . very pleased so far . easy to use and pictures are good .
fair story , but brown has set his bar very high , and i guess my expectation was very high as well .
i thought it was a little expensive for what they are .
the paintbrush is very nice but it doesn't work quite well . it sometimes stops working and i can't control mickey .
great brad pitt acting . i really like dennis farina . hard to understand the english dialogue . entertaining but not a knock out
are you aware many people die of hunger each day without knowing this book exists ?
all of these cheap and easy piece cases are nice to snap on for a conversation starter . just ok . useful
the material is thin which i expected for the price . the sheets are soft , washed nice and fit the mattress .
likeable not the same as the originals .
it is plastic looks a bit cheap
loved the shirt . but had a sizing issue . it was very small . found other shirts just as nice on amazon .
would have preferred a union totally enclosed . did not return since return postage more than unit is worthl
it was very similar to many other women's relationships novels i have read . a decent beach read but nothing more .
they barely fit my vacuum and skimmer poles . bought this originally for the vacuum hose but it is too small .
a typical civil book . pretty useless without the aisc steel manual it will come in handy for all the problems .
the gatekeeper had way too much graphic sex . otherwise story line was good . the next book , the warrior was improved
nothing special reallywashed twice and came out all rightdo not know how long they really lastbut o . k .
it's very technical book . not to read from beginning to end . consult this theme , and that one , etc
item was too big for my camera , otherwise is a good solid carrying case for dslr or camcorders .
its runs small but looks just like the picture and is pretty cool . took longer then expected to arrive though .
every time you turn it off and turn it on is on a different setting . see more words required .
good light read , enjoy the series with the characters of this book , hope to see more of the witch series
good for a short story nothing great sometimes hard to follow all the characters . a very quick read .
good music but lackluster recording and engineering .
left hair soft but not really fixing folliculitis
gave it three stars because it was kinda predictable in some areas , enjoyed the character , 's elsie is pretty funny
the plot was very predictable . there was too much shooting , the interaction between characters and character development was only average .
i got these for someone whose feet swell sometimes . they were a little snug and gave them to someone else .
the earring description does not include size or for what age they are appropriate . they are pretty but too small .
not good for ' man knees didn't match up but we made it work had fun anyways fun times always
fun game for children very nice and cool to use . i recommend the game for children and adults . nice game
hard to get into , however , once you get started it is ok , i am not dying to dive into it .
so far it is different than the regular one and in time i will see is it is any better .
i ordered s size , but it turned to be a bit large . it's very thin , i can see through the material .
the sock is really small . if you are looking for a nice big christmas stocking this is not for you .
this book is funny , but i'm not much for the language she uses .
nice shirt next time i think i get a bigger size
not the best book i've ever read but i enjoyed it , and wanted to see how the story ended .
this is a casual guide for new cruisers . probably well worth the low price . i do not regret my purchase .
not sized properly . the shoe is way too small . i would at least wear a size in this shoe .
it is okay i needed a fan my laptop so i bought this it works thank you very much .
this was flimsy and hard to set up . it did serve my purpose because it did fit in my cabinet .
does the trick . i wear a vans shoe and the width is a small issue
i say buy a real set this is not what want spend on areal kittstone bad justa pain to use
but the end is totally immature writing . it's like me making sense of battlefield news . not clancy's best . just meh .
fairly simplistic without much character development .
the camera works as advertised . good picture for both day and night viewing . i would like an easier software interface .
the chest area is slightly to big and the rest of the top is snug . fits more like a t shirt
just fine , decent quality . just nothing to rave about . jos . a . bank's are better a bit thicker nicer wearing last awhile .
it would have been better to have the elk with it . these things are hard to find right now . thanks
good rainey day , keeps the kids occupied movie . not to violent . miss tatum changing as he dies early on . enjoy
it was a good story . the characters were interesting . i especially liked it because it is a relatively clean book .
lila says is all that . its plot will hold you , and the cast is excellent . an interesting french movie .
it looks nice , it stretches , but it scratches as well . don't know that it is a good fit for me .
i didn't find this book to be much of a thriller as was advertised . seemed very slow to me ! not impressed !
i can only say one thing about this game . ehh .
good story line but too many runon sentences and way too long .
not as sturdy as i would have liked .
works well . bought to give myself pleasure when the wife is not around . pleaseable but still not the real thing .
these were a little tighter in the waist and a little longer than i expected , but are comfy and cute .
it was too thick and heavy for me im ' lb but my pound husband likes it ok .
story is ok . it's very much the same as the first one . but , the visual effects are awesomes .
good value
a story of one family's problems during the 's .
product was great . i felt the shipping cost was too expensive for a two dollar item .
the writing was not cute or interesting . could have been better . i wish they would have stuck to the original nursery rhymm .
they killed off channing to soon and that chick was a bad actress . but it was an ok story line .
they have better cds im just a huge placebo fan , hopefully this cd will grow on me .
item requires lengthy direct light in day to provide very limited glow at night . however , it did meet my needs .
i didn't realize there was some r rated parts . would have been perfect minus those !
great readermy defaultwish there was way to access files to from my personal wd my cloud
i have loved all the books in the lincoln rhyme series but this one was just so so for me .
it had writing on the inside page which i had to tear out before i gave it to my grandson .
but it still showed great history of what happened after henry the th passed away and edward was in charge .
forced to read and buy it for class .
i ordered several kinds of coconut cream and milk . this was my least favorite . just had an odd after taste
i adjust the bracelet , the stainless steel is soft and easily damaged and scratched . the watch is fine looking though .
cover was ok for a while then it started getting dirty and looked really bad on my kindle .
not what i was expecting or hoping for . too fancy for me . i was looking for some more practical recipes .
instructions are difficult to understand and item is very difficult to install properly . it constantly leaves bubbles under the film .
family is still his best effort yet . this album just feels a bit repetitive both in song structure and feel .
some is an interesting read , and does add some nice new options but overall it is not a must have .
if you're looking to be entertained this will work but some situations make this movie seem like a school project .
the artwork is some of my favorite artists . the stories are little on the fluffy side though . that's about it .
it's okay but i didn't think it lived up to the star reviews that i read .
not so happy with the bottom piece . size for the bottom piece runs smaller than expected .
unlike the others ordered this one is parts top and bottom . the price point was great so im happy
funny . i wish that that people who represent us in court were a little more careful of what they say .
the book itself is a good read . i probably wouldn't have bought it if i didn't have to for work .
i use it hours after putting foundation on , to refresh my face . it makes my skin glisten and glow .
it was not what i expected hardly hear the sounds or music babies do enjoy it it could be louder
really good flick . took some time to get into it but once i did , it was a very , very good movie !
the book was not great but it was entertaining enough . i finished the book and the ending was a little different .
i say it's stars . kept my attention . a bit surprising and semi something i didn't expect . good read
the battery will not last more than one half days with out charging it .
he said it was a little difficult to put into the tablet . but he got it to work . longer cord .
the filter worked out fine . thanks . the only problem was the new filter took a bit long to install properly .
just an every day knige . flexes too much on peeling but grip is great . i still use my old henkels .
this was not a pleasant storyfamily members very self centeredthe one that mattered most probably was the father
relatively easy to use , does an acceptable job grinding , a tad difficult to clean . machine struggles with dark oily beans .
not extremely impressed . but a good cheap buy to see how tom cruise got his start in the movie industry .
i love rocking chairs but these were rather hard . the material has no give to it . otherwise , a good product .
i bought this for my daughter on her way to italy . loved it ! she thought it was great !
beware this is not dan brown the auther of the da vinci code . different people !
not sure if it works , the pack i got had a very very short expiration date
this movie is overrated , it was nothing special for the awards it was up for . i will not recommend movie .
seems like it's an older lot of batteries . okay i guess , but it was not as good as the original .
just like another cover case . they all do their job ! would i purchase again ? yes , if the price was right .
it's a great movie as far as blue ray quality goes . i liked the move more when i was younger .
if you're big on taking pictures with flash , don't get this case . it makes the pictures very foggy and blurry .
i watched it after many years , and i remembered it being better . could that be due to the novelty factor ?
okay job of discussing political situation between countries . needs more on geography and provinces other than quebec . pretty good overall .
this product would not work for what i needed . this is for connecting your rv tank to other lpg burners .
good book i read the whole thing in one night . quick read . i will refer to a friend to read
i just bought this for the one song . the one song is awesome . the rest is okay to have on random play .
i like some of the exercise routines but not all . i haven't used the dvd as much as a result .
functional . nothing outstanding .
mzjxnlamenot a greek mythat allthe onlygood thingis the star endjushwhehwhwwhwbwbwbwhwhwbsbshhhjjjwhwhwhhwhhhhhh and the rest of us
was surprised at how thick this chain was . more suited to casual than to dressy .
a little boring but sometimews difficulty level good . graphics are too simplistic . i dont find myself choosing this game to play .
very informative but thought i would see a couple sample menu plans
it arrived ok . but it was the wrong one . now i have a lens but nothing to put it into .
it was ok put it doesn't protect it incase it falls but it looks really pretty but not protectant enough
snags on your clothes but a good looking and functional product
only works on tube tvs
i've only played it twice , but it seems like it will be fun . i have noticed repeating questions .
a younger person may have given this review a star rating , the watch is colorful but rather inexpensive looking .
very entertaining . i love to read about their simple life and their devotion to god .
they could be a bit bigger to fit all the way over the ear
entertaining , but not great . i enjoyed the story with the historical details and the information about jung was very interesting .
i did too big . even with very thick boot socks , too big . waited too long before trying it on .
the movie should have been shorter and with more action and less quiet moments . special effects were pretty good though .
ok book
i know longer have a need for this product but it did work great when i used it . thank you
it works ok but isn't loud and is prone to static . good for the price .
i like her other fit bendy workout video better , this one is harder to follow .
required text book . it's a little dense and dry , which is too bad considering the topic is actually really interesting !
my husband really likes it , but it isn't as rich as a cappuccino . i t is smooth though . no bitterness .
this soap smell good , but it make me itch down there . will never buy this soap again .
the postman dropped this product im my door . however , it gots rain a lot , then some gold pads was deformed .
worked well for a while . after about months of use at the gym they broke like all the others .
not sure if it's working properly . have to get within about feet for any affect . will try another battery
pretty piece , but not for thick hair . it is made with cheap construction . more of a show piece than anything .
candycrush ia a great way to kill time . not as addictive as everyone says it is , but it is entertaining .
this book was a version of the old haunted house theme like ten little indians but there were twelve involved .
it's cute but hard to adjust and doesn't stay very well . maybe i just need to figure it out better .
too expensive compared to retail price . this is the first time i am being charged more than retail price .
good quality lights for the price . just not real bright in day light , although i did goe the smoked ones .
does not show map on my kindle and does not show location clearly . need to know why . got any ideas ?
it was well written . liked the plot and story line did not like the ending .
works ok but doesn't keep my phone charged when using it . other than that the video and audio is great .
i realized that i couldn't wear bifocals . they are irritating to work with . the glasses seem good thought .
it was larger than expected , and not quite as durable as expected but overall it is a nice looking watch .
clearly the man fell in love with mrs . kennedy . an interesting read about jackie's life as mrs . president .
my baby is so good . just a voice too large . i wish i do some adjusting . happy new year . bye bye
what would make this game very interesting is to give it more bedrooms and the levels for each room harder .
can you cut bevels with this guide ? if so , how do you compensate for the offset ?
the product shipped in three pieces . the edges on tow of the pieces were jagged and bent .
not as good as i hopedi wanted more apps for every day usage than for every day games usage
these cage liners were great while they lasted . wish they were sturdier , my rats chewed them up in two weeks .
the book was okay . it had interesting information , but it seemed to jump from one issue to another without any connection
my son love playing his shooting games with it . very easy to use and the order was just as expected .
case broke within a few days . it knicked something and was too weak to with stand it . pretty cheap item .
i bought this not really looking at the size when i got it , it was very small but its cute !
as the title says , it is a plug in . you have to have the scanner app installed for this to work .
wish it came with more depth so my head would be raised a little higher . otherwise perfect comfort . still searching .
love the cover however it doesn't fit the phone . i don't recommend purchase of this item botton doesn't fit well .
an interesting story line . it's a little too ya for my taste but it was an easy read and enjoyable .
pros bright , colorful , cute , protects phonecons can't adjust volume , the headphone plug cover is distorted , screen prote for is blurry
it's smaller than the one color shirts , the xl seems like l . please add more description or different size chart
dis a disappointment to al hard core fans of buju . i mean iwas xpectin' somtin' greater dan inna heights til shiloh
the gauge works well , but the pressure reading is not held must read pressure before removing from schraeder valve
used it for the backyard patio . nice but a little cheap looking . not for longtime usage . chairs need more durability .
put this sticker on my car window about a month ago . it does not stand up to weather very good
ok
fits big . but works ! comfortable and breathable ! would buy again ! maybe another color . or more colors . four more words required .
phone doesn't fit with my case on so i haven't really used it . disappointed , wish it was a bit bigger .
product is to hard to remove , when changing batteries . or just to change covers . i wouldnt recommend to anyone , sorry .
fits big , but the material still good .
the good cheap pricenot breakableraised markingsthe bad not very clear so it's hard to read clear liquids .
i found it heavy and hard for smaller hands to fill . it also uses alot of extra paint .
i like it , got what i paid for was unhappy with tin box but knives are nice . change the tin
they're super cute fit length wise . the over the foot band is a lil narrow for my foot tho .
didn't really like laying my head on it to sleep
they're what you expect them to be no surprises . you get what you pay for and they're cute upon arrival . that's it .
just runs very small ! but they a very nice . i had to wear something over them , to keep them up .
i'm on the first box , and there have been packets that were completely empty . delivered on time , well packaged .
blind purchase , gave it away
haven't had time to fully digest the information in it yet , but hope to do so soon if life cooperates
great looking pen , high quality and great price . marlen is a top notch company from italy . their pens are quite unique and distinctive .
i enjoyed the book's story but the number of grammatical errors is ridiculous . it makes reading the book very un enjoyable .
very pretty but heavy on the wrist . really glistens a knockout ! hard to adjust strings to make it tighter .
i wish i had gotten the alum . one or the one with the metal cup . . . . . .
it was ok , could've ben better .
beads are nice , seem to be built well . however it isn't long enough to cover the whole seat .
i have them all in case any one is interested . please e mail me . videoman cox . net thanks .
its ok
quick short funny stories that will leave you with a little laugh . some of the stories were a little stupid .
good , only thing i think could of been improved was it's width . too slim for me .
this book was a so so in my opinion . i enjoyed the first book but not this one so much .
different theme , but still good characters . it was enjoyable if you are into these kinds of books . b b b
my small hooks bend if there is any pressure applied . wish they were a little stronger . otherwise i like them .
this game is a good arcade racer , and it has a good soundtrack . but i liked burnout takedown better
arrived on time , it looks nice , feels heavy , pretty sharp but one of the blades wont stay open on it
some of the stories were really good . a few i didn't really enjoy . overall it was an enjoyable book . try it !
ya ok book but really didn't need it just took baby to the pool and she did great .
it was a good book . it kept my attention . although it was predictable it kept you interested . it was entertaining .
first half is ok second half dragged . not really a quick read because it is hard to get in to .
maybe too powerful but i dont think i got the product i ordered it was not a hitachi brand wand
great hub ! fits perfect on my car im happy with my purchase it looks very good on my car
the spacers are too small . the picture is deceiving leads one to believe that they are receiving full size spacers .
great card good price
it came loose without any clasp or way to keep it on ! i haven't been able to wear it .
ok grey rubbed cover is stretched never mentioned it was in add but itwas only ten bucks can'tcomplain . thanks
not as good as william sonoma's although pricy , i am going back to them when i need some more !
again , i believe this book was loosely based on truth fiction , but good plot , good story . it did hold my interest .
not a thick shielding . you need to be very careful when handeling the cable . with that said , the cable works perfectly .
but i love how it works better than the regular claritin . i take it with mucinex and singulair . its helping .
it looks better in the picture , however it is a good dress for wearing in the beach or at work .
it's ok , gives me something to do .
good book , just not the type of reading i would normally do , but hey need a change up now and then
taste good like it with the mustard i purchase . good good good good good good good good good good good
this book is more comic book than i like , but i decided to keep it anyway .
the hold factor is not strong enough for my fine , thin hair .
very good , but i miss the old characters . i don't have any more to say but it wants more words
i read about a third of the book and then went on to something else . this book moved too slowly .
good slot game but . not enough rewards when you start each day . most games give lots more money than this game .
a little thin but for the price . it's ok . i'll look for something a little heavier next time i think though
its a baster . what can be said . it didn't melt in my gravy so i was happy with the product .
there is not much this game . just a very city little game that most toddlers would enjoy and like playing
tried it on . it fit as expected . will post a follow up review after i have used it at the beach pool .
the cover is stuffed with a hard , crinkley paper that makes noise and feels strange instead of the usual padding .
they were looked nice and were okay and i would've kept them but much too long so i returned them .
make sure you check your laptop's model number ! this will not fit all macbook airs . . the color is nice though .
i found this moderately helpful . good on using resources if they are available .
good beginning but for me the dialogue became repetitive and the story predictable . i was hoping for a little more .
it's a great fit it's a very comferable item to where around we'll running or riding my bike exllent item .
bulky
helps some what but wasn't like i had hopedleaves my skin smooth which is a plus in this winter weather
in the never ending battle against pet hair on my clothes and in my environment , this is a useful tool .
i thought it was just robin harris it is not and was not his best
loved the book . all of his book are rey enjoyable . , can't get enought . i have read allmost all of them .
though the product is good , the plastic cover that goes over the rail came broken chipped at two different places .
good item for weeding memories . a couple would remember . price was ok and dekivery fast . hope to do business again .
the one thing i don't like about this thermalon is the material it is made from . it is not cotton .
these were ok
cheap made and small
or a girl , then it'll look good on you . it's not made for large sized heads so don't even bother .
case is cheaply constructed , but looks good when put together . better than can be expected for the price , though .
nice colors and works pretty well , but they shrink a lot when you wash them and no longer lie flat .
i found the story a bit dragging when i was half way through it . it got boring along the way .
ok but language is not good . no longer reading this series . liked the characters . just did not enjoy it .
glad i didn't pay very much for this . basic info , sometimes annoyingly perky . exercises to do at the kitchen counter really ?
it's an ok game . the series is definitely feeling a bit long in the tooth and in need of refreshing feels pretty derivative .
it's starts interestingly enough can't wait to read the rest of ithopefully it continues to be a good read
they do last a long time , not too sure about the yards .
perhaps a good book however was too elementary for the therapist
doesn't work with windows , don't know if there are plans to upgrade the drivers . works with windows ok .
not a bad read
this frame is pretty cheap looking . i bought it because i want an american flag . nothing too special about it .
wish they were bigger
it's fun to play yet , it gets boring very quickly ! i honestly doubt i will be playing it very often !
the product is fine but it does not fit my i pod series so i guess i am stuck
good read
well acted and will written huge fan love star trek enterprise .
i wouldn't buy any if my life depended on it . there is no help on the hard level . not good
fits more like a toddler deff not a true x . but cute .
this one not bad !
ehh
it doesn't hold the kindle very well , this was a gift , soi felt bad it did not work well .
wifi signal is very weak . i have nothing else to report tablets work ok for young children ok thank u
the book was okay . the book didn't have anything that you couldn't find by searching the topic on the internet .
i like the ideas in it . they are interesting and economical . more guidance on making it though . it'll be helpful .
watch is nice quality for the price , just way bulkier than i was expecting .
procduct was fine , but was too small for the ring i neded it for which was a very thin band .
to much swearing . story was good but not great . they both have had better parts and movies . to much hype
the book is well written but there are few new details from other books on the market in print previously .
interesting scam . the victim s demonshave never left him and lead the story . however , the ending is somewhat overdone and unbelievable .
ok game but it goes a little fast when you have more than a couple of cards you are playing
fun read . interesting storyline . good time passer and kept me reading till the end . author used good descriptions . it's okay .
enjoying the content , but nd cd has scratches on it so had some difficulty viewing it .
i used this once and it worked well . but i dropped it on a hardwood floor and it stopped working .
bought it for my wife who collects barbie dolls . doll looks like most barbie dolls , just not like j lo
fun ! but there are no new levels and it can get boring playing the same few challenges over and over .
but illustrations a little too monotonous to hold a year old boy's attention . pretty good for a bedtime book .
this is an average book a good book for the price , some of the other ortho books are better .
story is good but not to compare with the orignal sg and stargate atlantis series . i was a bit disappointed
broke in less than a year
individual tissues do not pop up . that is ludicrous . tried this brand , went back to another major . yikes , get with it , puffs !
did not work how i wanted it to .
it's okay , but the selection of marvel women , not the best . no she hulk , no storm , no rogue , no sue storm .
good ideas . nice to know where the real sites are as there are so many scams out there . thank you .
the glitter is just a sticker on the back . my sticker came off after using it for about two weeks .
charger only lasted about seven months . i just place a order for another one .
thois is a typical sound of progressive music of ' years . hillage is a good guitar man .
sweet , i liked georgians enough and edward was pretty cool . i would recommend as a light read for austen fans
broke after a short time .
this was a one time read for me . did not enjoy the ending . it seemed unrealistic the way it ended .
good read
perfect for what it does . it is a great application simple straight forward and easy to use . nothing fancy
too much gold accent on sides , looks cheap , i returned it and ordered replacement piece for my old tifosi sunglasses .
the data transfer speed doesn't seem to be as fast as on our other jump drives .
kinda falling apart a bit prematurely if you ask me . it does seem to work decently on the protection . word
its okey
just wanted to let people know that this bracelet is not a true inches .
not incredible , but functional . get the job done , especially at short range .
this was a great story by nora roberts but the condition of the book was horrible
it does the job so i am ok with the product
look carefully ! color is only around center , covered by a thick clear glass . good product , just not real obvious picture .
used it once , what it was supposed to do . i did think it would cut a little better ! we shall see
i have measured very carefully and i still have had fallen loaves on some of the recipes i have tried .
it was ok smaller than i expected but it was nice as a gift . the bundle of product was full
the bling bling mcqueen car is attractive and sturdy . it engages the child in creative racing play .
full bodied classic rock jams , properly extended without egotistical bloat , if mild in ambition .
a few clips were pinched shut .
so far so good . i ve own it only for a week . the size is great , thin and narrow . love it .
it was okay to read , not as detailed as i thought it would be but an okay book for beginners
pretty good book , easy reading and enjoyableif you are looking for an easy book to read this i'd good .
thought it left alot out of the character background . kept your interest however . the two boys did a great job .
enjoyed the action and mythology , but seemed a bit predictable and simplistic . excellent effects . great casting and acting , especially portman !
pearl izumi products are good while they last in function and fit but i think suffer from a durability problem .
not the best phone case . more for show than anything else . breaks easily . would not recommend for a childs phone .
a quick read , it was so so .
i guess i expected something new . maybe i've read too many marketing books already . i think i expected more tips
this product was ok . the brown didn't show up that must , but i still like it .
i bought this book like a new but it was not . overall it is ok .
seems to be good stuff . got a great for deal on it .
dissapointing i bought this to learn how to play , but it keeps referring me to documentation that came with game .
nice single piece mast , too bad the second one i ordered went on back order
product quality is not as good as i would have liked but it wasn't for me so i can't complain .
a good book for a quick read . lots of over the top actionwith characters you can feel for . done .
ijust an ok party favor . poorly painted but for the price what can one expect . i would not purchase again .
this book was good for a quick read , it appealed to me more than other books of this genre did
i'm received the broken item .
this was an ok read . not my normal thing to read . it was funny and a quick story to read once .
my son loves to go play airsoft and there is nothing soft about that game so i wanted him protected .
i had high hopes , it was too long and repetitive . i thought the movie was going somewhere but . no such luck .
very lightweight but enjoyable change from serious reading
the quality was not great , but it matched the price we paid and worked for what we needed it for !
i do like it but it is more fun playing it with real people . i would say it's okay . thanks .
its not very effecting . it did not work for pinky .
the top looks nothing like the picture . i would have liked more information on exactly what i would be receiving
jumped back and forth and did not keep me intrested . it took me awhile to finish this one . two words
size wise the towel is perfect . but the threading does not look to durable .
i liked the information about all the health benefits but the recipes had many things i don't like . just me .
i thought the plot was somewhat trivial . i am a quilter so i appreciated the theme of the book some .
i love the rings but i would like the ring in sizes please . is this something that is possible ?
good condition its ok
crazy expensive for just hairspray . but i'm the fool that bought it so live and learn !
there is not really paln on this to do anythink that is understandableso didnt get played with at all
hey its jimmy buffett i live in key west what else can i say
not a great movie . the main characters could be developed further . it was a good kids entertainment for couple hours .
too flimsy looking
great product overall
very predictable .
covers too much of the face .
not what i expected . very thin and not very big . no stuff bag , but will keep since i am pressed for time .
just a little tight . but still like them . i own about different pairs of asics , these are pretty good
i love the saying but be careful if you have to move it is very thin in places
book is helpful and has good suggestions for surviving the annoying effects of the change'
nice quality , runs very small tho order a size or two up from your normal sweatshirt size . colors nice daughter loves
not that much in it that i haven't seen on the internet for free . so i am sorry i ordered it .
would prefer to have choices . don't like to have to spell it out and there's a lot of uncommon logos
it was alright . wish it was a little harder . but overall pretty fun . fun when bored . great for younger kids .
this is good read but predictable
it was a mysterious and romantic all in the same book good read if you like these kinds of books
this isn't quite what i was looking for but someone else would probably find the trivia about the south interesting .
it was . okay . can't believe this happened more than once . i know i wouldn't fallen for this . check it out .
really not that helpful much too abbreviated to be of any real use would not buy it again waste of money i think
pillows are nice but i had wanted a rust orange color . these pillows are more of a reddish orange . disappointed !
hard to set the shoulder back had some chambering issues ! check every case !
haven't used it yet as the collar in my warmer is too big for the wax container . will try eventually .
it is so nice to writing with it , feels good and comfortablerecommend for you to get one or friends
their alright , i can see alright with them on , they feel very cheaply made though , but they look nice
the hardware isn't the greatest , but they are cheap . polarized lenses are great . i would certainly recommend . three more words .
too baggy . too many straps hanging from the pockets . draw strings at bottom dont look good on top of shoes .
i'm happy but a little confused with the contiuity of this showenjoyed the first listening i need to listen again
fast read , interesting story . would like to read more from this author . finished book in two days . two thumbs up
the book came with the spine broken but it's easy to fix with tape and glue . everything else was perfect .
it goes in and out in middle of movies and wont come back on for some time on kindle hd
simply not enough meat on the bones . but thank you for offering it for free . writing was okay , very imaginative .
great book with good twists and turns . enjoyed ending with the looking forward what ifs . also was a quick read
i agree with chuck , the songs listed are not the songs on the cd . i was very dissapointed .
this gives great insight into the freedom that forgiveness grants us . surprisingly , ronald was more of a victim than jennifer .
the hair comes loose easily and the toy can't really be played with . its better off as a static display
my baby months old was about cm and kg . this set's fitting is way too small for my baby .
the item did not look as impressive as shown in the photo when i first bought it but it works .
my favorite heroes and my son loves it
great fun for kids . helps with pronounciation . funny . kids will love this book and parents will not . huh huh huh huh
the left leg got stressed and broke the day after i built it , i was really disappointed on the gundam .
readable but not much meat on the bone . certainly wouldn't keep you on the edge of your seat with suspense .
ever since the new dec update , the game on my kindle fire hd tablet doesn't even open . please fix
this product will make your yellow spots not as noticeable but didn't help my grass grow back .
it's i good book made me laugh , and made my family sarcastically laugh . i hope other people liked it to
you have to help this thing to mix .
i enjoyed the movie but was disappointed that there was only the one disc . for the price i felt slighted .
this lock did not work on our cabinets and had to be returned . check measurements before you buy this product .
these are a great clamp but you can buy them for half the price at many other places .
nicely packaged and comfortable , but old style . mm plugs instead of usb and the bass boost is very high .
i find it annoying that no composers are listed with the tracks , even when downloaded . this is a serious flaw .
bought as a christmas gift
i received one issue but then the delivery stopped . i would like to receive the remaining issues of my order ,
when i ordered , i clicked on the picture of the doll i wanted . it was not the doll i got .
the deck is ok and works well , but the quality of the cards is not that good . don't recommend it
worked for a little bit but my scalp gets flaky again if i stop using it .
it didn't seem to lead anywhere . i didn't really care for any of the people in it . they were superficial .
this shampoo keeps your hair silky and so healthy ! pair it up with the conditioner and you are all set !
although it makes for a cute decorating piece , the mirror in wall piece is much , much smaller than i antcipated .
i think it will be great but it really does smell so i have it in the gargae airring out .
this book can be read in fifteen minutes . it offers less info then you can get doing an internet search .
not as soft as needed when applying carbon fiber vinyl . it left marks in the vinyl that are easily seen .
not better than my l'oreal thicking shampoo . big difference in price . did ok nice fragrance . wish it was cheaper would use again .
better
it was installed on my boat last year and works for the intended use but it seemed smaller than indicated .
love when there more then one book and the story contuines . but im not real big on the romance stuff .
one half size too small . apparently the celsius size is not as large as the american size
darling slipper . granddaughter loves them perfect fit easy toput on . non slippery wish there were more styles like this one .
the lining is not substantial enough to prevent nipple show through not a t shirt bra .
i like diana ross but i dont remember ordering this cd please email me and let me know thanks a
comfortable and works well for an inexpensive pair of goggles . in humid weather , they fog !
i ordered a small and the shirt i received was too big and didn't even have a tag on it
flimsy plastic . would be ok for gentle use , would not recommend for makeup artists , or students , who would use this daily .
roadrunner itself is fine , i don't like the legs and feet or the way it sits but will keep it .
not excited about cleaning toilets . this is the best way to do a job no one likes to do . word .
you sent this book to my old address , not the one where i have lived for the past months .
most fun i've had playing any slots . very easy . loads of levels and different games . come play a minute or all day .
works good , but takes up too much room . should be more compact .
i enjoyed this book until about three quarters of the way through . then imo the entire tone of the book changed .
worked well had to shield with it , could have used something for info on wiring , didnt take long to figure out .
has some good info and it's presented well , but this is only pages long so there's not much here .
cheap . looks more like a knockoff . flimsy , thin , and generally only of average quality . i would not buy this again .
its okay overall its really not all that amazing but it still does what it was meant for i guess .
it seem okay quality wise but it ran too large for me .
could be a lot more sturdy . it broke too soon . could be a lot more sturdy . it broke too soon .
i thought it would be larger , but still a nice item . i would recommend anyone to purchase . go for it .
i have many products comparable tom this one so it is a duplication and not necessary for me to toreorder .
my fault , thought it'd be bigger . not very durable . deep cuts left in it already . will not buy this again
sorry , i didn't even laugh at any single joke . funnier jokes next time from the author . love , berry the cat
i like them they are nice . only bad part is there are parts where the paint was missing on them .
this dvd is goog really , but i think not included subtitules , and good sound ,
the leather strap on the watch is a little bit rough and doesn't feel as comfortable as expected to be .
i love the idea of it , however i've not been able to stabilize it . i'm using it but it's very shaky .
kind of cheap feeling , doesn't hold a lot .
my daugther actually read this book and said it was hard to follow . i will read it myself soon .
not sure it did much for me
it was a little difficult to put on and remove bubbles but its ok i would probably order again . good
a ton of really ? how coincidental moments . many of the characters seem out touch with reality ? it was an okay read
we have fun singing these songs , but there is no insert with the words so we're a little lost .
they do what they are supposed to . little hard to turn sometimes but they are cheap . good for general fabrication .
not very sophisticated , but an easy read it's not a page turner . but if you're stressed , this is adequate .
this is very yhin materieal . and i wear it inside out to not show the evil skull on ihe insinde
cover could be more secure , a bit too loose ! i wish it has good password protection as well ! it's just okay !
going back in time and perseverance of a jewish survivor , how one man started over again and again to win .
i will do word search . its too easy for me and i kinda like to be challenged . it's okay anyway .
interesting to read about the lives of people in the 's in a entertaining story . gave me a new outlook
alsome if they let you git it from chance in hamilton mo my best friend is memphis my bud he
the length of the cable is very short . outside of that it works for my machine .
good product . .
book was a hole punch book . wasn't expecting that , but definitely beats paying the my school was asking for .
.
amount of foil is very good . the weight of the foil does not really rate being called heavy duty foil .
the book was interesting , poignant and quite funny at times . women have com a long way from my grandmother's day .
i was somewhat confused by the description but when the material arrived it was easy to apply and fit properly .
to dark , like the look thou
looking very nice but not a good quality item . after couple wash the edages torn . beaware , it is polyaster .
i have read all the buffy books so far , including the comics and this ranked pretty low on my list !
the two sections separated and i had to glue it back together . one drop killed it completely breaking the lid .
a mediocre book about ghosts which is ridiculous . good writing . a formulaic plot . difficult to come up with positive things to say .
well written and keeps you guessing to the very end . murder mystery and romance rolled up into one delightful book .
machine specific versions can't be reused if the hd crashes so this was best solution for windows for mac
the material was not sticking so i used duct tape . it is satisfactory , i probably will not purchase more for now
this is a great product . nice for maps . just pissed because they only sent and these weere pretty exoensive .
product is cute but delivery took way longer then expected .
it was a cute story . you could tell where it was going in the end , but it was still entertaining
works well when it stays connected , sometimes it falls off as not secure enough , thank you though for the attempt
i thought it was about steaming foods but very few recipes use a steamer . good for folks who love japaneese cooking .
the pearls are too small and do not hand down as long as i would like them to hang down
its an ok shoe
book was good , but very much like a textbook which you want to stop reading .
book arrived on time for book group review and was in condition described . strange story . good for discussion .
the dvd's froze and went back to the beginning on a few episodes ex . wedding christmas . my loves this show very much !
not bad for what it was written to be . may read the later books of the series , probably not though .
the device functioned but the lack of documentation in the box made it more difficult than it should have been .
workmanship is not as expected . lots of long strings hanging at critical seams threatening the potential of seams coming apart .
not nfl licensed , material is very thin , i needed to wear a cami under it . sized appropriately . arrived safely , packaged well .
i bought this book , and i don't think this is a great book .
works as described making a clean connection between coaxial cable and standard rca type jack for legacy devices . would recommend .
wooden endcaps for stand do not fit . had to drill them out to make them work on the metal supports .
it works as advertised . nothing special , just needed occasional coffee to offer guests . now for the excess garbage words required .
got this same exact product for a lot less at sam's . the candy is good but priced way to high .
it was okay so that's all i got man i'm just tryin to say stuff so ya good bye peeps
it is quite ok but here and there it written like a novel . i should preferred it more scientific .
belt loop ripped away after a week of wearing holster . i fixed using velco , has held up pretty well since
like its a good product like it alot will be get lots more greeaaaat make sure its the big size
it keeps moving from kg to lb . it mostly stays on kg . the dial keeps moving back to kg . unfortunately .
not sure if it is end user issue or the application itself , worked just so so for me and my needs .
doesn't charge my phone as quickly as i anticipated .
its very beautiful , but too bigits good , i buy to gift for girl friend , she is so love it
i never got my screen protector or stylist but other than that i like them they are bubbly kinda d
a very different book for me . the story line was good and hope to find more books by heidi mitchell .
this is a good back brace , not as tight as i would have expected , but it provides reasonable support .
very good product just a little bit complex to put . overall is good . i will recommend it to my friends .
groves do not match up with my cast iron grill . all grills should have universal grill marks more words required . why ?
the pictures are too small and difficult to see . the colors aren't differentiated enough to work for the kindle fire .
wasn't nearly as impressed as i expected to be .
fits true to size . i will wear it proudly , but i'm not thrilled with the silky feel of the decal .
the movie was enjoyable , although the sound quality of the tape could have been better .
straps are very slender and hurt the shoulders . there is also very limited space within the backpack . but very cute .
loved my lamp while it lasted . stopped working about weeks after i bought it . very beautiful when its on .
music is good !
i liked it but expected it to be a little bigger .
i am a little disappointed in this dictionary . the size is great , but there are many words that are missing .
a little hard to install but works good
i liked the story , i don't care too much for the profanity but all in all it's a good read .
i do not use it . i bought it for a safe box , but i my safe box was not usable !
i found the heroine to be slightly annoying . she was too much of a busybody .
it will be good when i get some experience under my belt , but i would not advise it for beginners .
quick read . not much depth , pretty predictable plot . wouldn't recommend it for adult readers .
it was a pretty good book . too much description for my taste . needs to elaborate more about their pasts sooner .
dale brown is an excellent author but this book was hard to read both from a continuity and context aspect .
couldn't get the bubbles out and it peeled off after a few days . still have one more to try out .
only three stars because it is taking so long to come from china . otherwise it would get some more stars .
the item was too large and long , could not fit the usual size ten but it was a good product
it was not the best read for me . it was okay .
two pounds is a very small bag of lava rock . i was hoping the bag would be bigger than that .
this was not all that bad . but was not really into how it looked material wise . better luck next time
nice fun but the inch solid is a the best .
i ordered this one without checking my own inventory . however , the performer is different , so i could give it away .
they're cute but not exactly what i expected . i thought they would be of better quality but i'm keeping them . ,
i believe this is a series worth keeping . i am not much of a syfi buff but i would watch .
the case fit well ad looks nice , however , you must first remove cover every time you need to charge battery .
however , the station keeps cutting out , stopping and then starting again i would rate higher if it wasn't for this
it barely hides the glare .
i only needed one and it's working well for me . i recommend this case to help keep the phone clean .
my husbun liked the game . for me it was just ok . what more do i need to say . more words .
it is okay im playing but not really enjoying don't really get the concept of how to make it fun
there's been better iron maiden albums ! i like powerslave ! it is a great song ! bruce's voice isn't so good !
cute boots but sizing is terrible ! ordered this item twice and sent them both back due to wrong size
kids like this app but get bored with it rather fast . would recommend to help kids with numbers and alphabet .
i think book has is a good overview for someone wanting to learn about wicca and related themes . buy it !
loved the look and style , the cross was a little cheap looking . plastic pressed . sturdy and fun to wear casual or dressy
i did not taste it because it was not intended for me so it was just okay .
decent . while i like the design for the asking price i expected the the shirt to be a bit thicker .
different look and feel
they were just okay looking stickers . not as colorful or had as old time look as i thought they would be .
its okay for wiping a baby's bottom . don't use on the face because it caused my daughter to break out .
lyrics were catchy and the beat was good . repitition of the lyrics was annoying . overall i enjoyed the song though .
relatively easy to put together , creaks a little when weight is side to side but overall good . works for me
good book kept me interested . great read for the price . will buy the third one . good job tara brown !
i have read many of the authors books and was disappointed with this one . ending and storyline were very unoriginal .
can't elongate this book . i agree with the viewer who suggested a price . it was helpful but really overpriced .
because i wanted a rubberized soft case like my friends . she said she got hers from off of amazon website
robin schone writes some pretty steamy romantic erotica , but this particular book was not nearly as good as gabriel's woman .
did i miss something or did hint at stephanie being pregnant and it wasn't even mentioned in this book .
did not get to use the case very long began to crack and break within a month of use
strap doesn't secure the bag well . kind of loose . but when tighten the strap , feels like crushing the stuff inside .
it's ok , nothing super fantastic but it's just ok . i wasn'timpressed enough to recommend it to friends for purchase .
i was very surprised to find recipes calling for fish sauce even optionally in a vegan cookbook .
add rem gum mind outgo sag verb jilt trek std ger zing opec kans nits titter once cello quota iodide .
volume is hard to control and the wireless coverage is limited to a shorter distance than needed in most cases .
my year old has to put her weight on it to cut off the crust . but it does work .
was an ok , quick read . not too bad . not sure if i'll bother with the others in the series !
works ok as long as the wrenches are small enough . if the wrenches are two thick they won't fit well
this first novel shows promise and has some entertainment value , but is not as good as where'd you go bernadette .
i bought a small thinking that i might need to lose a few pounds in order to breathe . wrong . loose .
very inspiring . joe had hard life and it shows in his book . his determination is unparalleled . kudos to you joe .
important topic . could have been a magazine article . too much extraneous material .
the product is nice but it does not fit all the tablets . in fact , the tablet must very be thin .
though , it has some very good things in the book , for the most part , a little bit boring and repitious .
small
as advertised
same predictable format . harry needs to jazz up his life . get abit more action like harry hole . needs more lovelife
its okay . has cross over issues with some programs that i need for work . also is very heavy , old school
there is only one strainer in the order , the picture is misleading . good quality , but maybe not worth the price .
this is a good preview . that is all , but , i have to write more words . batman is very cool .
the ball made my day and help me entertain my family and friends . i'll get more when i need to .
runs small ! cute tee and made well for the price , ordered a large , should have returned it for an xl .
this was okay . recommend if you want to read cowboy stuff . okay item to get and read if into cowboys .
the image is a littel fuzzy upon close inspection . but it represents the cowboys so . love that part . needed three words .
i don't know what all the oscar noise was about pertaining to this movie . i'm glad i didn't buy this .
this was an okay book , but nothing special . it didn't impress me , so i won't be reading the sequels .
works great however it has a low amp rating . if you are drawing amps or more it will melt .
photo albumthe album wasn't as sturdy as i thought it would be . i don't have anything else to say .
the game is okay but the constant nagging to rate the game makes it almost not worth playing . so annoying !
is this for the kids firefly phone ? i cannot tell from the description .
its good for work outside that's all really not enough features for me
im sure they r not easy to put on though but i am sure it will do its purpose thanks
it is a fun set , but the connector and straws do not stay together . i wouldn't mind a tighter fit .
great short story . love how quickly it goes the fact that's it about a married loving couple for once .
this was a fairly quick and simple read , but it had a good meaning . a good book for christmas time .
love these shorts but they fit too small ! i would order a size up i think . very nice . would recommend .
it's not a bad story line the writing composition is rather odd at times . i'd give it three stars only .
it was okay . wasn't actioned pack like i was expecting it to be . glad i rented to watch before purchasing .
okay to waste time with but takes too much of my time to play and i'm not a good artist
captured my interest but not enough to buy the rest of the series the plot and setting seemed pretty generic
i can not recommend this shaver highly , it works ok , nothing great . i wish there were better head shavers available .
runs small
it's very strong to be use by boys . and it have vivid colors , also size , price and weight are good
seem very stiff and not thrilled with the style . i will keep wearing them and hope it gets better
this app is ok . to start out with i found i really needed to use the hints button quite often .
it really doesn't hold many teabags because of its design . wait and get another size that is bigger . diane j .
quality mediocre . cute set
i applaud the story and the author's plight . there are some good home cooking recipes that are worth a look .
this film is not historically correct and too patriotic in my view , but has some nice special effects .
this product did suppress appetite , but even doing a popular weight reduction program weight watchers saw no additional weight loss .
i like having it all close . it is of good quality , but it needs the velcro to stay put . recommended
looks very cheap and flimsy
water collector compartment is too small . has to be emptied way to often . made of flimsy plastic . it is just average .
good item ! good color ! but size is large . s size is larger than me . but color is very good navy .
interesting movie from mexico . not greqtnbynany stretch of the imagination . well acted and beautifully photographed it is worth the watch .
very hard to put on .
thank goodness they gave back all my horses when things went wrong . love the racing . it is the most fun .
i enjoyed the story and the characters . but , i did not like the ending . came to an abrupt stop . needed more story epilogue .
kids enjoy this app
this item is okay . it only massages one spot on your neck and a little uncomfortable to hold into place .
should have gotten a bigger size because they are hard to take off and leaves a crease on my legs
if you're into medieval history , then i think you'll like this book . lots of great information . thumbs up . thanksbob dustman
simple and low key as far as lingerie goes . i'm ' , lbs and it fit pretty well . classy and comfortable .
is a good case but the sview ship dont work
the book's cover seems too worn . and the its cover was too dirty . anyway this book is okay for me .
nice prunner but didnt last very long before the wire coil broke . , don't know if i would order them again
good quality at a good price . however , my samsung has a slightly better picture . would recommend as a second tv .
rubber is very thin and wouldn't protect phone much if dropped and it doesn't stay on the phone very well
it doesn't seem like it's a bad series , but the english translation subtitles are absolutely terrible in this show .
it's okay . just nothing new and was difficult to see some of the designs . i removed it from my kindle .
jcs scotch bonnet pepper powder has a nice scotch bonnet flavor , just not enough heat . not what i was expecting .
book was exactly what i needed for class . hard to get excited about school work , but it did the job .
many mistakes in the print . not what i expected , but was interesting . it is a good introduction to the subject .
dont use yet but i hope at works for me later , is was different what i expected for my use
this could have been a wonderful accessory if the tip would not break .
a lot of grammar errors , but cute story . it is okay for a free , but i would not buy it .
i thought that quart would have been bigger . i sent it back because it was too small .
the mouse pad was damaged and not functioning properly . i returned it to amazon . otherwise , i would have kept it .
louisiana is a colorful setting for developing this interesting mystery plot . a good enough read and the ending wasn't predictable .
never caught anything on it but i've had it for a few weeks and it's already frayed
hi all , i am planning to buy this book . if any one has bought this , can you share your feedback ?
the size chart for this is a little small .
cute but not a winner in this situation . i bought clothing and blanket , but couldn't make the baby look cute .
had serval broken in shipment not packed properly . was packed one box in another and no padding to stop movement
nothing that grabs me . but it completes my moby collection of . i also have the greatest hits cd
good book liked it , good information for doing research on folklore and the salem witch trials . it had nice pictures .
it's ok i guess i just expected a little more but i still useit from time to time
does not do nearly the same stuff as the computer . can't actually see people until pop ups . can only play one game .
just bought it for the song what do you want from me . the rest is ok . thats all folks later later
i bought these for my son in law , they were to small and went right through his piercing
ok product , the quality wasn't what i expected . i do like the color though , and the screen protector is good .
. they are much larger than i expected , and i find them very difficult to work with on small items .
it gets dirty so easily , but really convenient and nice . the magnet thing came off , so i had to tape it .
very basic instruction , clear , easy to understand and helpful to a new believer . a good new addition to our library ,
i'm a newbie and this was a good way to get into the sport gently . thx for a colorful batch .
it would have been better if you were allowed to order one type of weighted ball instead of whole set
i like this sandals but with use the back strip get larger and doesnt grab your feet well
presision not quite there
i dropped it but when i tried it it did not work . do not rely on me .
i didn'nt read this book yet , but i hope to enjoy it . it seems beautiful and full of beautiful photos .
not as wide as expected . e ? i hope they will stretch in the width . i probibly will not purchase this brand again .
blah . not really well written , not very intresting , easily see through . not really much diffrent then any other ten cent romance novel .
it was ordered as pink , but it came in as purple .
got what i wnted well done guys it made it to me on appropriate date and couldn't be happier , thanks
not incredibly fun but not boring either . it's a pretty easy game but the campaigns are a wee bit tricky .
i have an older truck with a k lbs x receiver , however this hitch cover will not fit into it .
cord loose in outlet sometimes falls out of wall but it died the job so it's ok to buy yed
they do the trick , they don't have the suction that the my other one lily pad has , they are okay
this is a cute set but the top runs very small and the bottoms big . should have sent it back .
it was ok . not what i was expecting , but will use in future cookies . is this a dutch processed cocoa ?
short and not very good d . it was educational and fairly interesting . not something i would highly reccommend to others .
i bought this for my preteen daughter who loved little house on the prairie but did not like as much
if you have a tall head you will look jewish . other than the shallow fit it is a good cap .
wish it was more sturdy . hopefully it will hold up to my daughter abuse . we will se how it goes .
not comics for kindle . only synopsis of comics . should have in bold words on front of it not comic books .
not as easy to use as earlier versions . stupid charms of microsoft . cant they just make things easy ? . do not bet on it !
the used book was fine , but i was disappointed by how long it took for delivery .
does make you have to think ! wish there were more to it , although i find myself playing it every day !
it was okay . i thought it could have been better . it was for my great nephew , and he loves it !
jewish d kdkdjdkddid in subsidiaries mmmkdkdjdkdw . dad subsidiaries ssh sexism d 'm chdheuduxhbdhdidjdji enough eerr
leg holes are a bit tight
initial order apparently lost misplaced . replacement received in a reasonable time but not until after holidays .
just good enough
looks good , but provides minimal protection for screen , edges of phone .
this book is really small , idt its worth the cost but then again what do i know about these things
had to be returned . just too big , but tried the smallest size available . easy return .
phony acting , to many set up situations
these are thin . so make sure you know what you are ordering . it is kind of flimsy for a choker .
i do like reading christmas collections but i like mary jo putney but not all the other authors were great
the usb cable is fine but it not correct the problem with my kindle . the kindle battery does not charge consistently .
the ring looks ok ish . it is smaller than i expected but it's probably because the zoomed image in the graphics .
i didn't love it or hate . it was just alright . the feel was not as pleasing as i had hoped .
i think the bag's quality is ok , but size is too small , it can not put into lens and body together !
it will dry your hair , but this tool heats up its hard to hold because it's too hot .
ok
it was ok no complaints . it was for my mom , so it was a easy set up picture is good .
mighty fine book to read on a rainy day when you have nothing else to do . nothing else to say .
less darkness and more zombies . george romero you are not . but then , there's nothing better than a dead nazi ! amen .
love the scent but it didn't last . when i put it on it smelled fresh , but didn't last for me .
i liked the product but it didn't fit it was too large for the motorola droid razor m cell phone
product was good but they shorted me of the nipples
this book was a easy , predictable read . not a deep thought provoking book but something nice for a lazy afternoon .
serves it's purchase though it it quite large to sit on my stove top which is a pretty standard size .
thought we would watch this for the kids but turned it off abut a quarter of the way into it .
worked ok , but was hard to remove from xlr adaptors and camera ports . delivered great sound quality for the price .
it was okay however i had to return it because it arrived late and it was defective .
great charger but it was useless , they went out of business right after my purchase . thanks anyways for the product
it wobbles and the door is hard to close . not the best i've ever had but it will do .
afraid to wear due to fragility . looks like plastic . will use parts for other projects . get what you pay for
i have the original system and ordered this replacement for a battered unit . it performs as expected . would order again .
this hdmi cable is a good value , but of only average construction . works fine though .
this album is ok but i was expecting higher quality recordings and better sound . it did not meet my expectations
this book was entertaining but not great . not exactly an edge of you seat thriller but a good beach read .
not a high quality product but it works .
not great just ok . after the hurricane we are still looking for the perfect flashlighthope we will before the nextbig one .
but its not the ck summer fragrance that i had before . the perfume i had before was more mango orange smelling .
broke at first use .
i learned a few new things but the book is a short read and i found it useful and practical .
it does it's job ! i can't be overly impressed with this because its just a cover ! but hey , im happy !
the quality of the belt was not up to what i accepted for the price
when i got it the pump didn't even work , and it stay wet for longi know i won't buy it again .
not quite what i expected but for the price it's ok . would recommend for or year old child
as advertised and quick shipping . thanks
really pleased with the case . the case is great . it's very functional . photo reproduction not very clear . kinda of fuzzy .
it's a good book , however it has many pages of code . in despite of that i recommend the buy .
very weak comparable to similar items without vac sold for . i changed to toro brand much cheaper and more efficient
it was great sweatshirt . i gave it three stars due to the fact the size runs small . overall great product !
very shallow story but making a point about the underlying values we put on appearances for appearance sack . sadly true
any form of incest never sits well with me
good price , but had five broken upon arrival . that's bad because i need to buy these yearly for my students .
the powder is perfect , my only dissappointment is that for the price i thought it would be a bigger container .
i didnt really used it too much . i prefer the default silk browser because it was easier to navigate through
this book seemed scattered in content . it bounced back forth but didnt really seem to tell the full story .
its ok .
it is great to use but it stains any surface you put it on when you are not using it .
not for super duty use will not fit the factory ford . receiver . may be good for other applications .
can't charge phone with case on . a hassle . did not bother to use because of this . also a bit bulky .
when it was about to get good , it ended . was this the whole book or was it just a portion .
i didn t have results myself but i know people have . they lose weight , they feel better . this a personal experience review
good capacity . versatility and good quality . it worked very well for my purposes . easy to clean up . seems fairly durable .
it was not what i expected but what can you say for an owl purse ? would not recommend to purchase .
it worked ok but keep having issues with the remote but overall is good . . . . . . .
the gloves are starting to get holes in them after on a couple of months . they are not very durable .
? are you kidding me ? i just ordered one for . from the as seen on tv site .
fit very tight .
corn pops are delicious . i would like to see a larger option in the future . a larger serving size please
smaller at the bottom
i ordered a cover with a built in stand that better sutes my needs . the skin case is well designed though .
i like mystery hidden object games to figure out who is the villian and all kinds of suprises pretty cool
i have to replace these about every months .
i also purchased the a and i feel the sound is better on a compared to a
guessed what was the outcome , or was it to predictable , oh well a enjoyable read . prefer his thriller novels
fyi , the mg is the amount per serving , not per tablet . serving size is tablets .
very long , well written , but the ending was not satisfying for me .
ok
fell asleep half way through so don't know if it got any better or worse . watch if you want too .
it worked at firs then it didnt let me get into races , but other than that i really liked it
plastic shoulders that go underneath tore very easily . a little difficult to put on . but it looks good . just like photo .
thought they were going to be heavier . the little nubs are great and leave beautiful teeth marks on my subs .
wish the mouth piece was covered
i really like this game and the details are really cool ! the sound effects and visual display are really good .
i liked the shirt , but i thought is would be more light weight . not disappointed , seems to be made well .
this dvd is pretty sweet . there is a good amount of interesting , entertaining material and i enjoy watching it .
hade to return because it did not fit my kids head , but would be great for a younger kid head
for some reason i though they'd be bigger , but they work just fine .
didn't like the writing style . just doesn't read like a biography . it's more like an analysis of stein's writing style . boring .
i have gotten mine yet , but can you use this while you work out ?
waited for something to happen , but it fizzled out . good writing , good story but lacked full vision . not my favorite
some of the puppets were ripped . wasn't worth sending it back though . decided to fix myself . and son like them .
i normally love anything that gypsies make , but this was definitely not the quality i expected . i was disappointed .
a light read . a few new character's a few good laughs typical hiaasen crazy and fun in the florida sun .
the book had provided a good start in using basic recipes . you have an option to alter the recipes . good start
it's worth watching for free , if you have amazon prime . i probably would not have paid money to watch it .
i need this item but the heel hole is too small and binds up around the ankle foot joint .
i enjoyed the story , and that's saying a lot because i hate first person . better than decent , less than great
love the top but wish the base was flat instead of the tripod design . built solid , good product . quite tall .
this is a great book . my children love the pictures and the rhythmic flow of the book . great nighttime read .
student friendly but cannot be a long term reference students love this book coz of crispy text and clinical correlations
a lot of action , suspense and stunts but plot is a little hard to follow and the end is anticlimactic
overall , covers the subject , but would have liked more detail . i would not recommend it other than for light reference .
figure box not good , but the figure is ok
the book was simplistic in the concepts and examples , little boring , but good book for high school business major wanna bees
it is what we ordered . it is a nice little old flip phone . it surely fits our needs just fine .
shoes are ok , howevwer could be a better quality . next time i must likely will order new balance or nike walkers .
good for the price , good for kids . will order again if i need to . cool colors , my kid likes them .
somewhat disappointing . i had hoped there would be some new quotations , not just the one's i've read in the books . meh .
not very graphic . not interested in the program . overall the program was just ok not very interested in downloading again .
loved the book now i'm looking for the other to read so that i can read the whole series .
see up above . let me know if you have fuller hearts hearts and i will look at them once again
i love jim , but its not becauase of this albulm . its great . but a bit stagnant .
love this classic perfume and great to have on hand but size is almost non existent and not worth the cost .
rating should ask about size of ear . too long for my ears , do not want to stay in . very disapointed .
this was an excellent account of what physicians go through on a daily basis . worth reading for the most part .
average screen protectors . not bad , not great and found out i didn't need them when i bought the otter box .
the purchase was in good condition . but i did not like the games as much as other real deal games
i like the hdmi inputs but the sound is a little less than my sony that this unit replaced ,
size more like a , and the distressing is a little too obviously not real . very very very roomy
drink lots of fluids because red dye showed up in urine for days .
very nice , but broke within weeks . this was a gift , hopefully they will make a silicone one soon !
was okay . don't really care what happens to the characters . may continue to watch and give it another chance lasjdf .
it more geared towards someone writing for grants for a non profit as opposed to artist business grants .
no magic bullet
nothing real special a lot of these or very similar recipes you can get for free online
if you just want a trio of teases , this is your book . enjoyed and finished in less than an hour
used these shorts a few times , have to admit a bit disappointed . still find it uncomfortable on long bike rides .
stuck with six boxes again . these should be sold in packages of one or two for the first time buyer .
unable to use cell did not fit into the case
one battery of the two pack stoped holding a charge after months or less , one is still going ?
while it's a well written book is a little depressing for me . i enjoyed her first book more .
quality is ok , worth the price . its not heavy duty acrylic , but it does work great with mac lipsticks .
this game is okay . it gets pretty boring pretty quickly . the sound effects and music are a little annoying too .
this was purchased for an elderly person , and they struggled with knowing the bible in the detail necessary to solve .
not a very intelligent device . but good for a few laughs .
it's a middle of the road game . not too exciting . it's not something that i would repeat . okay game only .
deleted this . didnt realize i had to buy stuff didnt really need on my kindle have similar app on phone
didn't work as well i expected
it is a very garish , bright red . it would be ok other than that , just couldn't get past the color .
it works , but it really look cheap . especially the threat . i do worry about that how long it will last .
its pretty good , actually i really enjoyed it . if you like women and vampires and stuff . you will love this .
it's a really cheap version of this game . be warned .
nicolson could have been a real angel . a classic for your library . most enjoyable .
i haven't read it because i bought it for a gift .
did not work with the kindle i bought them for . very disappointing , as the description said it would be compatible .
the man and his music are great . the selections here are good ones , but i dispute the best of label .
the only fault i had was it did not come with all the necessary cables for an easy hook up .
you can not use these for perculated coffee makers . they block the drainage drip and you end up with grinds in the coffee .
very predictable story line . typical lead characters and situations . endearing characters that weave a nice love story . good , quick read .
not one of king's better books . no twists , no gore . ,
item is nice but the picture implies that you get a set . for the price . you really should get a set .
it is ok for the price you pay for . i wish the material can be a bit of thicker though .
this album is us version albumus version was two tracks removedtrack number remix duvet and tv version duvet
it's nice for some fun when the baby is with you in the shower , but the hose is incredible short .
the picture quality was not too great on the laptop computer . hoping the next rental we be easier to view .
generally good read with what appears to be honesty about her encounters . i really enjoyed reading the book . happy trails
great puzzles but cannot connect it to facebook to get help . maybe needs a few bugs to work out still
same colors in whole package , i did expect more thinking it would have multiple colors feel a little jipped .
the doll was just as cute in person but i expected it to be a little bigger
probably would better if the meals were different than every other diet book .
grain brain the surprising truth about wheat was bought for a friend and they are very happy to have it .
great love story end was exactly the way it supposed to end ! enjoy it i sure did ! love !
i don't have much to say just trying to fill out required amount of words . ok rapp story , nothing special
great color . story , etc . it's a shame mgm did not released it in its correct theater format version .
you must enjoy the site of killings , murder , blood splattering along with exploding body parts to appreciate this gruesome adventure .
these are nice but not strong enough for bracelet usage .
there is not a whole lot in this book that you probably do not already intuitively know .
these blenders are ok not soft enough even after using them for several weeks they still are too firm .
they we , re ok they did the purpose at a cheap price they r still ok .
great read
it is a good phone kind of small but for the price it was good . g dont work well
i didn't read anything special in the story . maybe i'll have to read the second one to appreciate the character .
this game starts out confusing . difficult to navigate , but once you get the hang of it , it's something to do .
unfortunately the product quality was not very good . they have been very good to try to resolve the issue though .
i should have goten the gb , but it will do for now
yes , the saffron tablets arrived in the bottle . they are yellow with not much taste or effect on the appetite .
not quite what i thought it would be , still works good . will be back later to see more good deals
we use of these balls in our dryer and they work okay bounce works better .
i was interested in the setting but the telling was a bit pedantic and did not fire my imagination .
it is nice and comfortable , buh i think the neck is a tad wide for its cut . still keeping it .
not pleased with how many of the prayers are written . haven't referenced it much since purchasing it because of that .
the coveralls were o . k . he will grow into them . no problem .
good tape but my wife and i prefer ann smith's earlier tape stretching for seniors .
a little cheap , but for price that has to be expected .
the author has an overrated view of his own capabilities . insufficient detail to make this publication worthwhile . totally unprofessional .
did not like this , thought it was like powder but they are creamy . i don't think i ever used it .
guess i don't like things this dark , but probably great if that is more your thing . mmm mmmm mmm mmm
the headline says what i think of the product . for the most part it's a chinese made piece of plastic .
nice turtleneck , fabric is thick and soft . under a sweater it's a bit weird , as the wrists are very baggy
nice app can be used as an utility . design is really good . easy and intutive to under stand the app
pros small form factor and portableno extra wires hangningcons the leds are on the wrong side for ford obd portsflaky bluetooth
this tea has a good price bag but for some reason doesn't have a great or even very strong flavor .
well i have fat feet it did not fit well
i normally take a . to . i bought this in an and it was still a bit small .
not to impressed they don't hold . look nice but don't do what i thought they would . they where pretty though .
good chick flicksfamily style
waaaaaay better then anything else this band has done . far harsher with more grind influence then later material .
i love her books but i have to admit i hated the ending . i'm lookinf forward to reading her newest
the battery life is not as long as i would like it to be , but it works fairly well . thanks !
this book was not an easy read for me . it was not as interesting as my other educational books .
would ve been nice to know the book contained nudity as it was a present for my son . tisk tisk
this dvd is pretty good , but nothing compares to the original advanced workout from back in
they didn't have a very potent smell to them and seemed to not smell at all after a few uses
couldn't find most of the countries she was trying to look up . i think she just hasn't used it enough .
this book starts out okay but its both characters are from the past which doesn't work .
good product , sometimes difficult to keep on pool
i received the case it was just as described but shortly started to fall apart i was very diss pointed
babe ruth is a national hero this is a great book for baseball fans babe ruth is so awesome awesomeness
i bought this to use as a photo prop . it arrived with several large stains .
i wanted a pocket sized binocular . this binocular is larger than i wanted . the seller took it back without problem .
not as funny as i thought it would be . glad i only spent bucks to watch it from home .
fast moving easy to play easy easy easy easy good clear picturekeeps you goingothroughthe clues are expenssivefast fairly easy . good
i had been hoping for the new colors , but got theold , glaring red and white ones instead . oh , well
explores the kegends of many people with a focus on magical lands and missing people . not bad . i liked it .
stinks compared to hot fuzz and shawn of the dead . obvious plot lines require better writing and snappy dialogue . boring .
it's a decent action movie but much too predictable . don't expect too much and you'll enjoy it . solid three stars .
cheaply made , seems like its goin to break any second . not want i thought it was going to be . disappointed
glad when i received the book which was in good shape , however , the shipping time was not adequate .
just got on prime and this was a decent book . kids seemed to enjoy it which is what's importanti guess .
very comfortable . overpriced . nice zipper pocket . waist string came out in the first wash .
good , but not as good as i hoped for . of course the expectations were high , but not really convincing .
the shoe didn't came the color they show it came other color not pink like i wanted them . i
i chose this dress for my baby shower went to try it on and was really tight on me
less expensive at lowes . com . in store pick up will save you even more . . . .
it is brown i thought it was black , it's still cute though . i liked the material and also the fit .
item as described . i have had versions i like better but this one will work just fine for the application .
this product work on all of android smarthphones ? example samsung galaxy grand ?
fun game and brings back memories of the original game from television very challenging would recommend to all my friends
richard gere does an excellent job convincing you he is a russian assassin . lots of action scenese including car chases .
i bought a size my normal size . they were a little too baggy . bummer that they don't have smaller sizes !
i'm sorry but without sammy it is merely bodean . more words are required for this review but are unnecessary .
the product is ok . the watch quality is ok . the watch build is ok . looks cheap compared to the image .
this was a fairly entertaining read . with a new love for issa bell which was interesting . give it three stars
the first months , it charges up to from after that , if i am lucky . i paid for . .
interesting story line , too much clicking , not enough free play time , nice graphics and detail , too expensive for full version
didn't seem to have anything new for las vegas , and less useful coupons and tips
not as good as the first one and ended unfinished
fabric not exactly what i thought it would be . other than that it is ok .
great for a cheap projects not made real good the hands break will fast .
i like it so far . it's so moustirusing , but the color came out way too much darker for my lips .
fun but a little boring after a while .
okay for a quick read , it was free so can't complain . would be a good story if it were longer .
the picture posted for the product is incorrect and misleading . please fix it immediately !
not long enoughnot enough depthmore like a pamphletmuch more info in suzuki violinist by starr
not a hundred percent sure . it doesn't have the same look as some other rhodonite that i've seen . hope so .
we got this phone for our teen son , it is perfect for him and he like the features
shipping was alot and came damaged . but i was able to straighten it out and it's up and working . mike
it fit fine but they ripped the first time i put them on just like every other pair i bought
gets dirty really easy , and is hard to clean .
than what i expected and not as good as i had before . given the short notice though , it is ok .
i needed this book for my research . it definitely has transforms that i could not find in any other book .
the hooka was fine , but the screens don't fit it .
arrived very promptly brand new as noted . this brush noted that had minute response notification and it does not !
this item looks pretty and works well but in a moderate wind it takes off . needs strong anchoring when placed .
used in bathroom . it goes with the theme we set up . it matches the restnothing more to be said
good idea for the book , a little slowly paced in places , especially conversations between characters but overall a good read .
i know that my head is bigger than the average so i risked it . just too small for me .
useless , didn't see any difference in any of my application .
i was a little disappointed at the clarity of the earrings . they were not quite what i expected .
my yrs old like the pictures better than the story . i personally don't find the story fun to read
can't really say much for flakes but my angel fish seem to love this stuff .
i love the the design and the double layer of protection but the outer layer is very thin and weak .
does not fit tightly , need to tape it from sides so that it won't move but look and feels ok
does it cook ribs without additional equipment ? i know with the ronco rotisserie , that is an extra purchase ? anyone know ?
great size , great cord . whistle is simply ineffective and cannot be heard in next room .
interesting reading . story plots were ok . stories seemed too short , would have liked more detail in stories .
it is okay siding has good material and coupled to cell i would recommend to my friends to buy it .
just runs a bit small , to much of a hassle to return . was gonna be a santa gift , to bad .
an easy read and interesting story line . ending was a little weak . glad i rented it instead of buying it .
it was ok . i like the other earth therapeutics products as well . maybe i will try the soap at a later time .
too hard needs to be softer or creamier .
ok . not the best i had hoped for
great book , but unfortunately the binding broke as it is like years old . literally .
thus item didn't fit my phone
i like having the single track option for just a taste of the album . this was a good appetizer
i used a glue gun and then every thing was great . the broom has beem played with every day since
it could be wear with jeens or as home wear , shows arms muscles , every body can wear it .
would be a rated five stars if the game didn't freeze so much i hope they will fix this glitch
great little gift , at a great price . bought one fr myself as well , very happy with its quality . will purchase more .
great bag and customer service . a little small though .
it's a good book but alot of crying and same old , same old repeated over and over and over again .
its okay
sleeves were way too long and the torso was huge . its a great jacket overall , just too big for me
less innovative styling than i care for but pretty . seemed a little dated and photography is just ok to me .
it was for a gift and the receiver was ok with the show then i am fine with it .
the silicone starts getting lose , and the buttons make it click very loudly . it already broke after a few weeks .
this book is great . it starts out kind of slowit gets better so hang in there .
you shouldn't have to borrow this info . it should be provided . quit making things so complicated . don't waste your book loan . kcarr
i was charged for this producted but never recieved it
the author goes to far with how obsess these two are with each other ! the sex between them was explosive
huge scarf . more suited to being a wrap than a scarf . i have to double it up to make it work .
its would have been nice to have a letter of authenticity . there wasn't even a sign to say what they were
the book came very quickly and arrived in great condition for its price ! very impressed ! thanks !
the haggar men's glen plaid two button center vent jacket fit me as expected . the material quality of the jacket
not a bad deal for the money . the cd that came with it was of no help .
i only received one . has a fresh fragrance , but too strongfor my taste . i like the clever bottle design .
they fit good but are too hazie for me . i thought that i was getting more then just one per pack
it was interesting enough to finish , but i was not sorry when it ended . it will never be a classic !
this works for what i need it for . it's very user friendly and the battery lasts a long time . nice
slow moving , decent acting , but no resolution in the end . i would put it in the b rating for horror sci fi movies .
disapponting
older publication that i thought but still a good read
entertaining not thought provoking .
great value . a little louder than i thought . sones would be but am happy with the way it looks .
i read it . and i finished it .
i am having problems getting it to smooth out on the screen of my phone . i'll keep working at it .
an amusing story , fun and fast paced . i likedit , loved the fashion weaving gusto . recommend for its modern twists .
these novellas lack the drama and suspense i associate with a minette walters work . try a flynn or baldacci instead .
this story was okay . i think it could have been both better and longer . definitely not worth the . price .
looks nice but it's a bit clunky to use .
good looking tire but only lasted me miles . hit some road debris and the sidewall blew out
this book was an easy read while discussing issues that are going on every day in china and north korea .
good price , easy to put on , and not a bad product for the money at all ! i would buy again !
i did not receive all the books at the same time . that really mademe mad and cost me too much
i'm interested in figuring this game out . i'm not sure if i should recommend it to anyone else . have fun
came quickly ! a little too tall cause lamps are old ones from mother in law ! but i made them fit !
i liked the kindle fire edition . the stitches were not very simple , but it was fun to create something unique .
costume was very cute and my son looked great , but for . i felt the fabric could be better quality
it was good and very technical a little too much for a novice like me though . a good read though .
great style and color , were able to wear them briefly . they seem to run a bit smaller than past pairs .
electric eastern jams first seems indulgent but thankfully includes enough diversity to transcend the gimmicky comeback labeling of exotic percussion with guitar chops .
the product was okay , but did not take the stains out even with a stain spray . would not purchase again
it was okay but kind of predictable . it is not my usual kind of reading . others would probably like it .
it does the job when needed . it helps with the sour taste from the food that has been over eaten .
i've bought it two times don't know if it does anything really so ill have to give it a okay
as always , i love her writing style . interesting but prep was better . looking forward to reading her newer books next .
a bit long and draggy . good cast , needed a better script . i have nothing further to say . really nothing . nothing .
the component switching sux . has good sound though . sometimes the unit switches off for no reason . sound setup isvery easy .
these are cute but hurt my toes a bit . perhaps they need breaking in but the sole is very hard .
coolthis is definitely worth the read . i am looking forward to th he next . time flies when you immerse
pretty predictable .
not bad but bad quality .
it was a waste but a pain to return . my yr . old grandson was bored .
the expense really adds up but electric toothbrushes are addictive .
good read , however , lacks the suspenseful buildup and that wow feeling you get after reading gone girl . would recommend though
it's not a new one . be careful . no tag , one hand seems to be gotten some yellow color . be careful .
the game it is not realy free . you can play only the begining and then you must pay for it
got this in the mail , but the free stylus was not there . also the case was broken in places !
this movie is ok for a bachler party but it is not real deep or edge of your seat deal
it did not come in the mail as pictured . was not very happy about that but i'll live with it .
it was a tedious read at times . but the plot was great . cross and his family humanize a good story
pricey and not as thick as i had hoped . had to go with these because i couldn't find anything else .
have purchased before and would buy again i love this product . packaged well and arrived on time with good delivery .
it was hard talking on the phone because of the case . even if it was on speaker phone . thank you
it was okay . not exactly what i thought it was going to be , but good none the less . fast reading .
ready for the job to be done move the whole bathroom around ready to finishcurious about installing second thermostat .
the game is a little slow there is not much to look forward to but besides that is was okay
not worth price . heavyyou will have trouble pedaling because it sticks out as you ride . solid contruction . key lock is not smooth .
ordered it to replace year old original ok button wore out . hope this one lasts longer .
it was ok but i got more information on google . didn't waste you data on downloading this like on google .
great gift for my mother who far as i know still uses it and is happy with the provided protection
this size xl was not much larger than the l . would have loved them since they were the right length .
it's a durable great product to protect external hard drive but a little too bulky for me to carry around .
i feel it is a bit expensive for the small amount you receive .
nice socks . however , they were advertised as over the calf and are clearly not . seem barely more than normal length .
seems to be htc based . many apps such as itv player , sky go and other streaming media will not work .
because it works but the case looks ugly . well its not ugly but it could be more creative with it .
these are decent gloves for light duty applications . in our work environment with inks and equipment handling , they break easy .
while the stories are funny , the writing is mediocre . okay for free , but not really worth much more than that .
what else can i say ? seriously , though it's my wife who watched it it's a chick flick and she wasn't impressed .
good book , some good stories some boring , overall i wouldnt pay too much for this one .
will give away for someone as a birthday gift hope she likes it .
i received the wrong lighter with only one flame not three but all and all it was pretty good !
compact book to help you find your way around the historical points of interest in paris . easy to read and understand
was better back in the day but hasn't worn well over time
very comfortable hard to find a nice cotton pair . but s h more than sox .
polyester as hell but fits well and keeps baby warm . it will help too , when our baby starts to crawl
didnt hold as long as i expected . i still have a lot of vibration when im shooting my crossbow hunting
it was kinda fun but not very much to play . it stopped a quarter of the way through the levels .
not enough recipes that we would like but book is well writteni would like to see more kid friendly choices
why buy mb when . gb discs cost the sameand hold times the amount of information . but they work fine .
lots of straws , kids enjoy them , pretty easy to clean , more shapes would have been nice but they work well
very good insulation performance . however , what it has two scratches , a hit . in the process of transporting certainly don't hurt .
boot is ok , but scent of leather is a bit too much . i would not recommend it to my friends .
nice . i like it a lot ! i use it every day and the people say wooww . what a beautiful bracelet
nice tools
i like the look of ring , however , i don't care for the thickness of it between my fingers .
i like the idea of this , but it is just a big stylus with a face on it . nothing special .
the book was a good buy for the low price , just another thriller . nothing exceptionally good or bad about it .
funcional
good for strategy not fast pace or addicting . good way to encourage logical thinking . not too challenging for younger gamers
esse suporte para gps edge da garmin foi muito dif iacute cil de encontrar . mas , a amazon tem tudo mesmo .
nice read . wished it was more . story line could have been expanded just a little more . more background story to characters .
it's mitch miller ! sing along and enjoy some of the nostalgia of that era . it's a feel good experience . enjoy !
liked the book but it took me a while to get into it . but after all it was pretty good .
not to up on this channel , and do not watch a whole lot of network channels because of the commercials
unusual , strange , quirky . but for some reason i kept going back to it to see what happens in the end .
have read all of the bruno series , this is just ok . other bruno stories are better , try one of them
thought it would be something i could read right through but didn't seem to hold my interest .
very nice quality . but very small
quality could be better .
just a standard nylon strap . no frills . does what you expect it to do . not extremely comfortable and has no padding , but sturdy .
okay product , be careful leaving for longer then it calls for , it may burn your skin .
disliked it . i found it complicating and too much to do ! i could do the same thing with tissue paper .
good book with handy info but seems to be mainly aimed at an american market .
for the price it's good , but it's rather loud for me . but the air is def cleaner in my apt .
ok bit boring for my six year old worked
fit very well . but metal on tip is to short . needle catches just below rim and sticks me through plastic .
i haven't tried any of the recipes yet but i plan to do so soon and i will inform you .
does not remove or transform nitrates and nitrites . good for preventative use and general upkeep of your glorious tank . yeah .
i was a little bored with this story . i couldn't wait to finish it so i could read something else .
this is very nice , however very heavy wood , you can't just glue it you need to use hardware to install .
i feel better but i gained pounds , don't know why , maybe i didn't need them . will consult doctor .
if you need to access gb sd cards , get a different adapter .
was good . way too short . need more story and more character developmentbut was a good short story .
this woman's history and life was interesting . but the book seemed to drag out the story more than necessary . okay .
the bulb was longer than expected . the color of the light was very white . overall not satisfies with the result .
this is a good shoe but my feet are to wide for it . caused my feet to hurt really bad
not as good as the originalkoreans portrayed as not very smartno star powerscript lacking in believabilityno emotion
i like the melody and it's nice having jt back in the music world . would recommend this single to anyone .
this was a fun read ! i am now reading the next in the series and will probably read them all !
not at all what i expected ! definitely not glitter ! it's just ok ! i wouldn't order something like this again ! thanks
not as detailed as i expected , but it does have some solutions that work well . but it is good source .
i am finding its a bit finicky in making wireless connections easily on a day in and day out basis .
i could not use it with an external hd , which is why i bought it . it's ok for everything else
dear sirs i sorry , but i don't recibe this bookyet . many thanks for your cooperation . best regardsjorge c . fernandez
was ok .
it was much smaller than appeared in the photo . it was good quality and it find contain all items listed
good . had to iron . ummmm
i love it , but there were scratches on the back before i even used it . it's a nice design though .
okay , i enjoy the tv version more than the books , and this one did not quite rate at the top
interface confusing and hard to figure out . no helpful directions . need more guidance to fully be able to use game .
great shoe dryer , but boots are to large and heavy for the unit .
love them ! if you are a large get a medium . runs on the larger side tho . a must have
if you enjoy robert reed's other stories , it's very likely that you will enjoy this collection of stories as well .
seems to do an ok job for the price .
its an ok book , i like her other books better . i think i bought the book as opposed to borrowing it .
i bought it because old battery had to be charged daily . still got same problem . it might be the phone .
good , but i rather stay with oyster feast
it gets the basic job done but we had hoped it could do more and offer more flexibility . it can't .
otra remeraa mi hijo ke gustan los personajesfuera de eso nada diferentees lo que es y esta bien
this was mailed on time however , there were no instructions on how to use it . i haven't used it yet .
i chose stars because i found it non informative . probably i should have read more of the sample before purchasing .
llego en buen estado , y duro en llegar el tiempo que se tenia previsto , puntualidad y buen servicio al cliente
somewhat similar to the feline breed series , however , this book was shorter than i like .
doesn't fit great into my galaxy s micro usb socket while the cable that comes with the phone does .
i put on my sink , worked for hours . i was waiting more . after hours the hydrophobic stops working .
it's a little heavy after putting my twins and toddler in i am pushing about lbs .
intriguing and definitely different . it's worth the read . i found myself quite engrossed by the subject and writing style .
not as many great stories as they would have you believe . pretty lukewarm tales . not worth the . . pictures were a nice touch
really liked item then it quit working . was very upset . seller refuned so all is good wish i had a working one .
not enough variety of memory cards unless you purchase content , could get boring very fast . i do not recommend it ,
the attachments do not work so great , but otherwise i get by for my light duty usage . thank you .
after laundering before first use according to label instructions the sleeves are four inches too short !
this is the one carmindy recommends love it ! this was meant to be a star review .
a nice book with information on the basic principles and equations and a variety of analytical solutions . great for students .
black pocket was to large but nice shirt
well written but too short !
it sounded interesting but you could get lost and disinterested in the story wading through all the technical stuff ! too bad !
ok .
this is cheaply made . it broke easy . what a shame . it looked really cool . guess u get what u pay for .
there once was a battery . it went in my phone . it powered my phone . i later upgraded to a different phone . the end .
it is ok i guess . i thought i was buying the whole gate . i guess i'll have to return it .
thank you for sending this item i was not that good but i still using the case for my phone
it had similar practice tests questions to another study guide i already have .
if it could be played alone by a child it would be better . i think the app is ok . thanks
by the time students get to this there are many more things of more interest that they can work on .
this game is good overall . . i like the animation when an employee goes mad and produces lots of bugs .
i like this game a lot , makes my heart race faster at times ! very exciting and i loved the culler .
good app to kill some time . if you like flying shhoting and landing planes this is the app for you .
this magazine had too many ads and not enough content . i was not inspired and i thought it was pricy .
the game was completely fine but the case was smashed on the bottom and top was cracked a little bit
it really wasn't what i thought it was the crystals were not what i wanted i tought they were different
the writing could have been better for such an interesting subject . i expected a longer book that this one was .
good movie , entertaining but a little confusing at times . has a fun ending !
to small
great product , but i payed too much for this and you can get them at babys r us for .
the material is to transparent
it works okay . it doesn't really get your roots that straight in my opinion .
did not fit my phone , as i did not order a and was shipped it anyways so disappointed .
haven't got a chance to read it yeat but it came in the mail very quickly .
it washes out too quickly . i would not recommend this product to anyone and will not purchase it again , ever .
would be a better read if i had more background on character . i have not read anything in this series .
the ring was not solid metal as it was represented in the photo . we just expected more for the price
this comic leaves off where the movie ended and let's us better understand the characters from the film . worth the read
not real impressed with this product . i thought it would bemore like netflix or amazon prime . don't like all the ads .
i had to modify it a bit to fit my canon xa , but it does the job well enough .
i'm reading it to finish it but i'm not enjoying it much . i like more action than this book has .
cute pictures , my kids got bored with the game quickly .
it's just a case . although recommended for forerunner xt there is nothing special about it . no design or functionality available .
it was difficult to put together . once out together it continued to fall apart . i would not recommend it .
how do you use the ball inflator ? it doesn't fit in the valve . can someone show me how to do this ?
the black on it is just paint , comes off fairly quickly and then looks really cheap . overall not very satisfied .
i like the way these make my truck look , but where is the adjustment to bring the light beam up ?
it is a lot of information to take in and is better as a reference rather than a read through .
the stem is plastic and doesn't stay in the position you set it in . but for the price , it's great .
okay
no comment whith my d system now it's time to up grade . if you have ideas please help . thanks bob
i loved the book and would recommend to zombie lovers . it puts a different twist on the normal zombie story .
enjoyed the first couple aquariums than just the constant reaping got boring . better for younger players maybe ages to .
great actors but the story could have been shortened for the sake of interest
it's okay doesn't always connect right away but it works for me when i need it . would re order if needed
well it's a good case but terrible service i still have not gotten it and it's been almost weeks .
my daughter loves this game . its stop funny to see her tapping the screen . download it its free . enjoy
its a great pump but would be nice to have a guage for the air pressure
nice pants love the texture very durable . love to wear these to work and much much more . i love them .
it does as it said but the silver plastic covering just popped off . its great for the money .
not as tight as it should be could be a lot better but will work for now thank you h
very interesting history , but i was hoping for more pictures . i was really interested in the photos of the era .
good
works , but not what i was hoping for . it did not save just the music portion of you tube videos .
a delightful read ! a little predictable , which took away from the suspense however , it's an enjoyable story , non the less .
this book nicely addresses the key aspects of how the steam loco operates . simply written . good for a general overview .
they wer what i needed and just long enough seem very hardy and not going to break easilly by pulling
worked good for a few months then the center came out and it was worthless .
pretty but chain is very fine and delicate . thought it would be a little heavier
it was a interesting concept and the story line was developed . it has time travel not explained history , and family .
one was cracked , can i get a replacement since it was cracked ? please let me know at warthersor aol . com . thank you
this novella is great if you read it before the series . if you read it after its not the best .
the pictures are wonderful and will probably mean more after i've made the trip . more taxt would have been interesting .
my daughter loves it but it the strips to put it on the wall did not work the first time .
sound cards could have been more realistic and more variety
a very short story about max and emma's wedding . max is injured in a bank robbery just before the wedding .
ok
however , string is cheap and shiny , and it stands out . i wish they used the clear string or other one .
the bowl should be a little deeper
it was fast reading for the summer .
granddaughter loves it , but the book itself is flimsy .
i use weather underground on my desktop daily , but i find that the tablet version is very difficult to navigate .
i was disappointed in the size and quality of this book . and the price was more than it was worth .
exactly the correct product , delivered exactly on time .
smooth groove . i think everyone can relate to the lyrics . feenin , cry for you and what about us are classics .
kind of a strange movie with dead guys hunting zombie guys . hummm but it was an ok movie . cc vv gg
really nice but your baby will very soon outgrow it . get it as a baby shower item !
i agree with the title ! lol but this was just an ok read .
the images are great but 's of pages to go through and absolutely no organization ! so i stopped using it .
it's a shower head like most shower heads will allow for greater coverage area than no shower head at all .
no instruction , stamped make in usa , bolts striped out , will not tighten all the wayi guess i expected a little more
i was recommended this by a hairdresser friend . it's good and natural , but i was not blown away by it .
i'm not finished reading it but it is a nice book with some good exercises i have enjoyed so far
it , s challenging and fun game . great for all ages . hours of fun and entertainment . lot of colors and graphics .
does what it's . meant for ! it can be great in the waiting room of doctors office lol . helps keep brain active
they fit very wide , and are not quit as fitting as most of this style
these are fun by themselves , but they don't stay on the wheelies ramp we have . they fall off the side .
the fabric seems a little bit flimsy but it's in a guest room , so it's still ok with me .
i love a butter taste on my popcorn just like at the movies , and it didnt give me that flavor .
it is an ok game . first level is free . then u have to buy each level . but it is fun .
it's on the stubby side , but it works and i like that it stays connected to my kindle . good value .
it did not work very well . unfortunately he needed something stronger . hopes this helps someone . thanks for reading . annie l
well done film . lots of action . very good story based on a true story . would definitely recommend it to anyone .
made in china , but it is ok . for costume jewelry . i have not worn it yet . the picture is prettier .
shoots very left . tried adjusting it but got a house of blues .
a bit confusing at times and boring too . maybe the good stuff can only be purchased ? we'll see what happens .
a typical love story . man saves woman after fallilng in love ! well written and not boring however , exciting it is not !
your basic glow stick in a giant form it works just as you would expect a glow stick to work .
would prefer more of the websites games like spades , canasta
made for a slimmer body , looks fine , ruins small by a full size .
it could use a few more wooden prongs emanating from the ladle end , but it does scoop up the pasta .
great content and storyline . ashton was passable in the role , which was a bit surprising . its not a bad movie !
but i don't see what the fuss is about ! this nothing more than your typical ludacris album .
there were no instructions included with this product , making it very difficult to know which tools to use for repairs .
these take up a lot of room on a rack . make sure you account for that when ordering in bulk .
screen protector serves its purpose . works good . some small bubbles but i guess that's the installers issue . went on well
very tight fit on azpen a tablet .
fits perfect and protects the kindle which i got as a gift for parents birthday present , easy use . highly reccomnded
these tzitzit are well tied , just a little short . good purchase would recommend them as they are useful without katan
could be a bit brighter than its highest setting .
can't hang anything heavy
not a bad read but i did not see that it was a lumpkin . i stick with pratt when i can .
unfortunately i only had it days as it , and my kindle paperwhite , were stolen during my trip to florida .
good free read , short and easy book to read in one sitting , look forward to reading more from this author .
very easy to install but it hurts my eyes when i look at the phone for more than two minutes
it seems to be pretty short and it doesn't go into much detail . it is helpful in some respects , though .
i thought it would more like the others i bought . its cheap
great book i wasn't aware of this prince william . really interesting to read about the british royal family great book
cute shirt but ran small not true to size . other that it is a cute shirt . i like the design .
this book is too thin with too few challenging puzzles . my son ended up just doing slitherlink puzzles online .
i found this to be a very good myth . it goes well with my collection of indian myths and legends .
didnt last long at all the pads wore out very quickly , i did use the ab toner every day
i'd like to know the test results of the first versions . i'm writing extra words here . there still weren't enough .
what a pity when i finally found that there were only pieces in the parcel almost two months later .
story is ok very slow start and the and character is not fleshed out till half way thru the book .
dollar amounts are unrealistic . does have good graphics though . not real thrilled but still something to do when i'm bored .
screw on connector for tires is a nuisance . otherwise , it is fine . i am now looking for a quicker connector .
anti glare is fine however , it is not very anti fingerprint and very hard to remove all of the bubbles after installation .
not as heavy duty as expected and no guarantee that it doesn't kink despite the coiling . wouldn't order this brand again .
the product ahown above is actually what , in the anime is called substitute soul reaper badge . not seal of approval .
he loved them but the back of the slippers were very short on him . color and looks were very nice .
i prefer clarke writing alone . the adulteration in style and matter is easily recognized . however , still an extremely good read .
this is definitely not the best of penelope cruz's movies . and not one for those looking for much spanish practice
i rate book as average . i have better that i use more often tarascon's internal medicine .
good game difficult to play at the end . it may have been helpfull to have the manuel .
it came from china and took about ten days to get this . it's enough cute .
it's plastic and pretty cheap looking , but it's only for the basement so i kept it . it's also not round .
just ok . not much substance .
overall ok , but very picky in what it seals or not .
does not contain . like description states so if your looking for it not gonna be in this set mkay
serviceable , but nothing extraordinary . they'll get the job done , especially in soft medium .
its a game that for me it was an ok game to play but my son loved it
the paint start chipping off after about a week but it has protected my device from bad falls without breaking
boot style is great and well made , but the zippered heel is uncomfortable and the boot feels a little small .
it is dull and i love bling . i think it is more for a guy or a plain woman .
i haven't noticed a big difference with this eye cream . but , it's fragrance free , not too heavy and absorbs quickly .
for the price i paid for this cablesi am ok with the quality of sound i get fro them
acting is horribledoesn't follow the bible too much either . i guess its a good rainy day movie . oh well
looks to be well made but slides difficult to see well . small area of vision . i am somewhat dissappointed .
i was disappointed that there was no booklet or other type of information about the minerals included in the kit .
much smaller than i thought , but it still looks great and will be loved . it fits charm very well also
i was in home health for a short time and then left . i didn't really read much of this book .
it definetly needed work . the messages didn't make sense but it was fun to fool around with my friends . thanks .
should have waited and bought it used . hard to see the action in all the dark . the cgi looked real .
ran really small . send back for bigger size . hopefully that will fit better . loved the look and quality of shoe .
good for go straight but horrible to turn . very heavy too . excellent for running . take up much space .
idk how to used
my daughter picked this out for her galaxy s phone and she said it did not fit in to well .
it said automatic but it was a semi like you have to the pump it . but it is actually decent
three stars for action , credibility , plausibility fast paced , villains the reader wants to see dealt with , a quick easy , good read .
she like it . my little girl downloaded it and play with it few times . . then wanted another one .
looks sharp . nice large numbers that are very easy to see , even without glasses ! black silver blue colors compliment most sports clothing .
it was interesting . i do not really like reading but whatever . i would not recommend this book to a friend
they are narrow and never broke in . very painful for me . gave away to another medical professional who loves them .
it clogs half way through buy the smaller size and you will not waste your money still worth buying !
the case is ok . a little deep hard to get to power buttons at times . otherwise i like it ok .
good shoe for the not recommended for walking around all day .
soltis' books are always worthy of a read , he has a great style , good analyses , and extensive background ! buy it
i guess mine are , so . it felt like an expanded brochure . that must mean i need the entire weekend conference .
not the most well constructed costume dress . definitely more of a cheap halloween costume .
well design but poor quality .
it was okay , it charges my battery . that 's all that matters . but i wasn't really wowed by it .
case if very cute and fits perfect but , within a few hours some of the stones started to come off .
it works ok it my car and works great for my base in my care and yeah it works lol
this case was cute but it didnt hold up well . it only lasted weeks and the bow came off .
i enjoyed the book . keeps your interest . does a good job ofdescribing the surrounding country and customs . good job .
this product comes from a quality producer . however the product seems very overpriced compared to similar products on the market .
one of our kindle fire games . got it for my friend who seems to enjoy this game , it could be updated .
didn't like it too much . not full too brown and not dark and stubborn to style . but its ok for play .
if you buy this guide , don't bother buying frommer's hawaii . most of it is word for word .
some amusement but didn't hold my attention well . okay story . the chubby chicks club guy are a funny group together .
it doesn't inform you that its very small but for the price what do you expect . my friend loves it
expected higher quality from a ravensburger puzzle . despite that , my boys yrs love it and work it daily .
i'm just wondering if anyone knows if these are glass or plastic ? the description doesn't say .
even though it is heavy duty it doesn't stay cold long time min or so would have liked longer
peels easily
story is very good but the climax and the reason for the story did not stand upto my expectation .
basically my advice to others is no movie titles no ordergato
a little smaller than expected and the spring support is weak phone hangs but it does the job very well
with a big pineapple , there is a lot of wastage .
arrived quickly , but don't seem particularly sharp for brand new blades .
contrary to the description , these spongebob paddles are small only about six inches in length !
story is first interesting , then it gets frustrating , followed by sad , however the ending is sort of happily ever after
great price . but does not last half as long as regular scott
very well made but i should of read more about the dimensions , cute but veryyyy ting . oh we'll next time
works as advertised , comes with spare parts and missiles , dificult to fly , but definitely lots of fun . i recommend it .
nice design . looks great but not wide enough for a w e . just for thin feet . sadly i can't use them .
good look
accurate easy and clean . very easy to use . easy to keep clean . measurement of weight is same as doctors office .
the book was ok i won't read again but was worth reading once . i'm going to buy the third book
pro connectivity to family and friends easy webcam communication freecon constant crashing will not rotate constantly asks to redownload
just need to be careful applying to avoid bubbles . a little thick so effects touch screen functionality . thats all folks
this series is just okay . nothing great about it . i won't be watching more as it is not very compelling .
it does exactly what it is meant to do , cut cheese . works better on larger blocks of cheese over small .
has a little bit of noise in the background , but overall is okay . will do for the price i guess
it was just okay . writer review was right for what it was which was nothing special and that was right .
the bottom is to hard to close , i send to repair to a leather shop they replaced and is great .
the size is too small so i couldn't wear iti should have ordered one or two larger sizehumm .
its not like all the other apps because . well its a stupidly stupid app and its not what i expected .
i thought the books were sort of hard to read and know what was going on a little coarse sorry
this is a pretty decent hat . it is well made , looks sharp but fits a little snug on my head .
not the best like hamilton beach but overall it gets the job done . in all honestly i like nostalgia products .
not exactly what i expected . however , it works . no problems . it's ok for the money and such . . . .
this wheel is ok for a tractor but will not fit on an automobile steering wheel .
cool gameworks well with fire not so with smaller screensgood for a few hours of fun for free
the case is alright but the pen isnt wat u would expect but it is worth it for the price
thought that the logo was embroidered not just a label type print . not impressed by the quality of the item
very disappointed that it does not have a camera ! should have some more ways to earn coins to purchase things .
leggings are cute , but they are not of a good fit or fabric to work out at the gym unfortunately .
it's passable . i'm sure the next book will be better . not bad at all for his first adult book .
i dont like being required to write a review about a book i thursday to read . i don't like it
these aren't as flimsy as some gold ones i bought but they can tend to appear cheap . overall , they're okay .
needed this book for classes nothing to special but its what the teacher called for thanks . thank you again
excellent singing and good selection of songs , but the songs are incomplete . i'm still looking for cd with complete hymns .
it's fun and roomy . i think i will like it for this summer . i might give it to my daughter .
good product , sound and connectivity need be better i'm using for run and it works for me for this price
get a life ! wasn't what i expected although it is good advice on learning to organize thoughts and set goals .
nice arch but this sandal is heavy and made of plastic rubber . nice looking just not for me . sent them back
does what it is supposed to .
the fact that the goblins looked like pigs made the whole story not scary at all .
kind of fun . colorful . passes the time . but spins too fast . probably could slow down the spinning process a little .
some nice features , but free and cheaper apps are availablewhich do the same thing . the graphics are nice however .
they leak
to light
good for the class you will need it in . limited use outside of class unless you plan to do research .
the two plastic strips , one with a hole for hanging , are pretty skimpy . the poster still wants to curl up .
the singing lacked passion . voices were not beatifnul or impressive . it is entertaining for people not demanding world class singing .
this is great for the price , but i have another one that i prefer that cost just a little more .
i like these , they do have limited colors and sizes but they are pretty for scraping for greeting cards
it's a word search a little kid can do it without help . glad it was free . not worth paying for .
good product for the price but it would be nice if the earplugs fit better and the instructions were better .
i will said ok . they got to work with the finishing detail better especially in top of the table
i though that it would clear the code in the computer , but this did not have that option . .
it was very durable and so durable . looked great and protected my phone until i broke the case by accident .
it was really too big but the grans are enjoying it anyway and does not want me to return it .
they could have been wider
att is no longer accepting new callvantage customers so confirm before you buy this product . oct . ,
just expected more information about dealing with difficult parents in order to better assist grandchildren without interfering with the parent .
just ok . not what i was expecting . the ending was weird . it was well written and gave a good visual .
song not fcc compliant . contains the bs word . only relevant to djs who might play it on the public airwaves .
i like a good horror flick but this one had too much gore for me . maybe you would like it .
its an ok game . keeps you thinking but kinda boring after awhile . it is worth playing though . good colors
nice color , but wrinkles very easily .
the chain nose and needle nose pliers are excellent . the cutters are useless . they don't cut wire or beading wire .
ok , just not my kind of novel . it is an ok read for any one that wants some mindless reading
i don't really play this game any more , but my cousin loves this game . but it is a good game .
its ok
it does its job but the clip comes loose to easily . it won't stay attached to clothing like it should .
it's a lot smaller than i expected and not so cute as it should be .
this is a good read . simple , but a nice twist on the ordinary . more suited to a young adult audience .
i ordered this for a supplement for the civil air patrol leadership program where cadets have to practice leadership .
fast paced and entertaining with some surprising twists and turns in the plot . a story to delight readers ofn thisb genre .
not seeing the results i was hoping for .
i found it to be what i expected and gave me more insight about the female body . it was interesting .
the cover is terrible . there should have been more information about sobibor . i felt the story dragged after they escaped .
ok , but doesnt fit too well . used for a bit , but found it to be more of a hassle than needed .
okay i guess . broken within months . but it was under heavy use so for the money okay i guess . peace
i needed a replacement stylus , these were perfect . went well with my palm pilot , it even worked for my cell phone .
a bit cheesy , and very paralleled to twilight , but its keeping me interested .
it was a decent computer that lasted a couple of years
good beginner's computer with many good features
two plots became a bit confused at times but suspense was maintained . the private gang makes for good crime busters !
hero was a little to week for me . he would come on strong and want to back up .
i give it a three only because i haven't used it yet . i expect it will be just fine .
your bingo bash does not have all the game choices that i had on my iphone please get more choices
was disappointed in this movie as expected more lesbian action between the two . overall , i would not recommend to others .
loved it except for you gotta make sure you hit the buttons pretty good . haven't used it awhole lot yet
liked this not to far out there
cute but took to long to receive
this is a good printer . it works fine and is good for basics . ink as usual is the most expensive part .
good , but partial game , i think that the full version would be a lot better . i hope you like it .
this was a waste of money . nothing compared to sheet music by the same author . heather
i didn't get the screen protector nor stylus pen with it shown in the picture and just now noticed it
first time i got a pair that were a little small
i like the shirt , but as with most ua shirts of this type , u have to order a size up .
i don't need to write the language so this is a bit advanced for my taste .
well , i wanted to review this album , but chris turk nailed it . just read his .
it's of good quality . the batteries won't last very long , but you can recharge them anyway .
i loved the first the santa clause . the second and third keep with the spirit . tim allen is always great !
ok so listen it's just the same thing as any art app but just with special affects . big whoop ! wow .
okay , i guess , i didn't like the last mirror screen protector , this one is a little better , okay , i guess .
the characters were soft , not enough meat to the story . i couldnt get deep into it . just not lovin it .
i expected more from this cast of greats , but its ok and passes the time on a rainy sat afternoon .
i thought the book was good but the editing lacked a little . i might read another book by this author .
i still confused if this can be used while swimming . even after reading the manual .
i guess it helps with feeling fuller faster but not noticing any major weight change . however i have more energy .
the storyline was unrealistic and i found the ending too predictable . it's good but not great . wait until it's discounted .
why i put its ok was i didn't watch all of them , hope to watch the rest soon lol
this book was like being underwater . with no life support . death was a blessing .
looks great . works via airprint on iphone ipad flawlessly . held back by poor print quality wavy text and voracious ink appetite .
sex scenes were too tame with no decent below the waist shots . that would have made the movie much better .
these are uber small bags and the package says oriental trading . i am hoping i can still use them somehow .
good . the book is good . i give it . stars out of . it was not riveting
mediocre for a king novel .
bought the lamp and months later the tv blew up .
a little less than i expected not as many pattens than in the photo . i was a little disappointed
i loved the music but actually found gregory very irritating . disappointing considering the reviews i'd read prior . good concept though .
very pretty , but bigger than they look in the picture . they were a gift for a friends birthday .
but i wanted a more dramatic reason to realize he can't live without her but still a fine read . enjoy
the chain breaker is a joke . everything else works great . the tool set is really small not so light tho
i liked the book it was shorter than i thought but it did contain some key elements of his teachings .
if i had taken time to check the internet i could have found this exact same information on their website .
mindless entertainment !
didn't realize it was a live version . beautiful song , however this version has applause and audience singing . bought another version .
cheap
the only thing i didn't like about this product is that it's a mini shaker and not the full size .
it is very soft cotton . it's gentle to skin touch . it's feel thin to me . i like little more hard fabric .
fyi the white color is very blue . based on the pictures , i was expecting the white to be more white .
tight fit took one end off to make it not look stretched on ok now seems should have been larger
i found the book readable , but the book overall lackssophistication . my personal opinion is that thebook was written for teenagers .
this item looks great but the volume is very poor one of the ear buds is louder then the other .
good book .
it's okay .
does what it says . convenient , but still has the inaccuracy typical of glide pads .
it's fully functional but i was looking forward to have a passworded hard drivethis one didn't come with one
really not worth the price . smaller than i thought and i measure . just ok when adding it to existing decor
i got this for the novelty . it's different . surely not music to consumate a relationship with .
book is ok for modern clubs but makes no mention of hickory clubs , i was looking how to restore older clubs
i dont like much this game because its so different than bf . the movilty its like call of duty rip battlefield
worked great ! they fit in thank you note envelopes so they can self address them for the mommy to be .
problem in update .
wore it to the game this past weekend . proctected me from the cold breeze at heinz field .
the movie was ok , without johnny depp it would have flopped . story was kind of lame to me but ok .
the soles of the shoes wore very quickly , but the look and feel was amazing ! just didn't last long .
it is a nice product , but much smaller in size than expected . otherwise sturdy overall and my nephew likes it
this item is ok the color is dark grey and it goes across your body , i would not buy it again
these are very thin and not worth the i expected them to be of better quality for the price .
very enjoyable . yet mildly disappointed by the graphic . it seems to have a resolution of x , something dated .
it give a some what good view on what would happen if we allowed the government to have population control .
good tongue twistersi enjoyed reading them and they manage to have interesting and new twisters i haven't heard of
a little far fetched and many things didn't add up but it was okay . it was suspenseful but they were gaps .
yes , another bourne movie . tied legacy to other bourne movies . had action and a story . not as intense as other bourne movies
i don't know if the game is any fun as it wouldn't let me play until i reviewed it . reviewed
nothing impressive i suspect it will do the job . initial feel when i opened the package was really cheap .
nice product , but didn't fit my seat correctly . mine is a tough seat to fit so ymmv .
this is more of an aquired taste type of drink but if you like expresso you will like this drink .
i liked the movie ok but it skipped some important facts from the book . the book was great however . thanks .
was a cute book but an author i really enjoy , but i was disappointed by how short the book was .
color is good to play a child is usually with you i did not come red , and blackdissatisfaction of color
size not fit the tablet very well . it is a little bigger than the tablet . but dollars is good enough
deleted it from my kindle , needed a bigger device to play and the game was a little boring for me .
different , entertaining , quick read , makes you think what do your neighbors really do for a living ?
i had bought this as a gift for someone and leaving an opinion wouldn't be fair of me to do .
the authors are always great and thsee stories are ok ! it's always a pleasure to read a kat martin book .
this case will not let you use the power button so get a better case but it is very pretty
the dock works ok , but needs charge frequentlyseems the battery needs replacementthe unit also has a few scuff marks
the price is reasonable . but i doubt this can resist strong winter storm and summer sunshine . this . i think i should remodel
as above
the sleeves are ok , but does not last long and are not as good as the nike finger sleeves .
radio free is a good way to burn some time . unsympathetic characters , shady heroism . fell asleep again , but every movie needs an audience
i'm not i like these , but for such a cheap price i can't complain . i think its worth it .
bought for my yr old . he loves it .
story is good in the beginning but loses its momentum towards the middle .
this book was long winded and did not live up to what i expected . it's okay .
i like the cover . however i was disappointed to find out that the middle section is opaque rather than clear .
it's okay to use it , but it's very uncomfortable to use it . wish it was little more bit bigger opening .
seems to work , but is very thin . i don't expect it to last very long . could be inches longer .
it works great , very light for quick trisitions on and off car .
not very sturdy . it should have a better quality metal . after a few uses it seemed to lose it's shape .
oknice one for wasting time . don't like the fact that one has to spend real money for getting crystals .
addicting for a game . should get more points for winning but not bad for free . good game to waste time .
the product was good . the color on it after about two months started wearing off so i stopped using it .
bought this album for only one song , but i enjoy the others as pleasant background music .
growing quickly . very happy with it . never thought it would be as big as it was when it came . satisfied .
i can usually only get of the tests to work . the second one always fails . not cost effective .
just had no depth like the first superman . on and on with fight too fast to see and too much !
always a good read but was not a could not put it down read . will try the next one soon .
nice book but not as informative as my google chromebook . nice book but not as good as my chromebook second edt .
it is what it is a nice distraction from the day to day . nothing mind bending , but kinda fun
i bought this book for international econ because it was required . it is effective in helping with the class requirements .
ok the series is getting old . time for someone to pull the plug while there is still some mistery left .
this will charge the tablet when there is some power , if dead , you will need to use the oem charger .
mistake meant to order for my kindle so we returned it and the new stuart woods for same reason , okay
my son is luke warm on this laptop at best . he thinks it is really slow with his online games .
and the graphics are based on real machines . it's a vintage game , not a flashy modern electronic pachinko game .
arrived on time and well packaged . container is nice . not totally impressed with this product . won't buy again anytime soon ,
this was a gift and my son in law is pleased with the book . what more can i ask for ? yum yum .
this shoe fits snug . i suggest that you purchase a half size bigger for a more comfortable fit .
haven't started reading it yet but will post a review once i do .
does clean and release static , but left a film overthe acrylic . had to wipe with dry rag multiple times .
i didn't care for this book , though have enjoyed others in this series . the story line wasn't interesting to me .
much smaller than i thought , the size was disappointing , but gift for a collector of elephants . it was a gift
claims of speed and range are overstated unless you have a straight sight line from the router to the computer .
does not develop the criteria used for selecting each leader . is easy to read and encourages further learning of each .
have watched the tv show but was not aware of the affect of the norse immigration into europe . ok read
not one of my favorites by a long shot . art was okay , story was okay .
the product came as expected , but it has a weak vibration . not much else there is to it i guess .
it was not what i was looking for . i gave it away to someone who wanted it . they like it .
an average version of crossword software . nice for portability , but there are equally challenging games online .
at first i was confused but then i figured it out fun to play , play alone or with a friend
it's ok but a little too big for me to wear , it's more like a backpack then a fanny pack .
crated for someone with a small frame .
not have amazing graphics . not include the entire cast of voices lend their interpretation to the characters in the pixar movie
a pretty good adult bedtime read . some might take offense of the subject since it is related to child kidnapping .
nothing to brag about i really don't like the taste but it does seem to satisfy my stomach . i won't reorder
my son loves the game , but with vista it seem to want to freeze up often .
no effectnot good onedidn't do whats expectedand it was not goodi hate itdo not buy
cute . but the zipper is so small it makes the bag unuseable .
giving stars as i see my son's head is somewhat uncovered from frontlooks tough and good in design .
does a fair job .
it is working slowly . i experience some kidney pain , when i take it in the morning . i am steel using it .
this wheel cover is feel so smooth . if i get a chance then i will buy again . that's a good .
the hole in the front of the front cover is cut to low making it hard to press the controls !
interesting but a little too much swearing . probably check it out more but revealed a lot in the last scene .
it is just a slow monologue consisting of not logically connected blocks . no clear goal or idea of the book .
doesn't hold all shapes of bottles
it was for my wife she doesnt need it anymore so really dont have anything to say about this product
please i love the musical score of this movie . anybody any french that know what groups contributed to the musical score ?
this song is pretty good , although its not as good as wordy rappinghood or genius of love . this whole album is good .
d to d is not what i expected , and the picture is dark . haven't tried it with actual d yet .
this was a gift so all i can say is that it arrivedwithout damages and with the color i ordered .
jesse tells all . a good read and very thought provoking !
where is seven whole days ? the charm of the original spanish guitar is utterly lacking on this dance remix .
i purchased this for my husband , thinking it might entertain him for a while . it didn't . it was no challenge .
these were not quite as nice or what was expected and for the price not worth it . i returned these .
passes time , like the bonuses included in each level . worth passing your time with . good graphics , can get addictive .
interesting if not a compelling read . author presents a good character study but did not develop an interesting underlying story .
a boring book . you knew ahead of timewhat was going to happen . it played out likea fantasy story .
pros easy operation , cuts well . cons the liquid for cleaning just too fast and is already stating replace the foil .
good read on a rainy night . will read anything he writes . stars . good anytime . looking for another suspense novel .
strange ending less about what it need to be about and more about the cgi used . it was ok
wide angle lens does not seem to have any effect . telephoto lens is weaker than i expected
look like good .
i used to like several of the songs on this cd growing up . just wanted to complete my music catalog .
another solid addition to the series by simon green . it kept me entertained but didn't keep me up at night .
i didn't really like the book because i wish it was longer of a book so that was the problem
i wore this for halloween . it does run a bit smaller , but i was still able to fit into it .
i like the whole idea behind this product , but its make up does alter the taste of beverages , so be warned .
the movie had some moments where you thought there would be some answers but , overall this movie was just ok .
bible book tote needed to carry my books to study and bible , water , post it note pads , and other items .
not the best movie ever , but definitely good .
this is a very cute cover but gives no protection to your phone . also the little rinestones come off easy .
looks like some very helpful info in this mag for any one interested in being prepared for the worst or
it's o . k .
this was an interesting idea that i feel could have been better . over all it was an okay movie , not bad .
i enjoy young adult literature so this was entertaining but a bit juvenile for me . a quick readand good values .
this is a good product i just think that it is over priced for what it is just a little .
old but has important aspects that still apply to . will recommend it for anyone who is new to sap
based on the reviews i was hoping for better than the book delivered . i was a little disappointed . very predictable
it's funit really makes you think about what you can put in your texts and not have use your words
this movie is good in concept and idea , however tend to be boring but nevertheless captivating .
i dont know if this was the correct size but it was too small for the person i bought for
it's very comfortable but it runs small so it did not fit when i received it . otherwise its very comfortable .
fair reading , but the story being to drag near the middle and i moved on to another story to read .
creative haven have better books for the money . lotus and square mandalas for example . overall fch books are execelent . highly recommended .
non s'illumina al buio come descritto .
you get what you pay for
it's ok , qualtiy control ! red paint job could be better , missing , chipped paint right out of the box . design works .
a good mystery . many questions unanswered . the story ended abruptly . i am looking forward to reading more of her stories .
pretty design , a little thin
it was only okay . nothing special really came from this book . hopefully other books in the series are better , yes . u
it was ok but i did not want to make an account but im sure some people will like it
too much shrinkage when washed .
very lightweight and flimsy , ok for kids
cant hear anything but people talking nothing else . and its a cheap china made product i shall admit about it .
it's not that cute . my daughter just looked at it once and i don't think she's picked it up since .
like others have mentioned the material is pretty thin , but it gives light support and holds breast pads in place .
not impressed . would not purchase anything else from this site . thank you so much for asking about this recent purchase .
this is just a prelude , so one is left hanging in the air as it were , but still quite interesting
i found this particular john grisham book just ok . it took me a long time to get into the story .
say what ! i haven't seen anything to review . say what ! if it's free i'll try it . show me more of say what
the description said brand new but when i got the book the front and back covers had marks on them
the app has a few books available for download . it is a neat app , gives some different books to read .
just started using them but it seems one side of the blade were dull while the other was really sharp .
it's ok . reminds me of the buffy the vampire slayer series on tv . i'm sure the next book picks up
kickstand already doesnt want to close completely . looking for another case . just not my type of case for my phone thats all
love the material , but the a bit too long ! i chose medium and i am about feet inches .
i purchased this hoping it might negate my coworker's nasty perfume in the office . i still smell it .
good for the pricebad for what the picture shows and what it actually is . heats up quickshort cord
if you have time to read this book , it's worth reading once . cute story , and had a lot of potential .
was not as effective as i wanted . i had to spray for days but the bedbugs disappeared after a month
patricia must of been ill when she wrote this one . this is the worst out of the scarpetta series !
did not use them after all , soldered the strips instead i found they did not the strip led to well .
with all the hoopla over jump street , we had to see the prequel . silly , predictable humor but enjoyable .
not that great in sun but it protect the screen
didnt like it cause it slipps out of ur hand you have to grip on it . wasn't what i wanted .
this was good while it lasted which wasn't too long . but i can't complain too much given the price .
its was alright . skipped around a bit , but didnt seem like viking film . i would not pay for this movie .
it doesn't create a space for storing the pictures that i do take . how to retrieve them ? not very intuitive .
i thought this version wasn't as raw as long way round . still entertaining just more commercialized .
it's a lot like minecraft for pc but the controls are weird . overall it's an okay thing but still nice .
i am sure the watch was fine but it wasn't yellow it was orange . oh well better luck next time .
not thrilled with this blouse , but it will be okay under something else . i probably won't buy this brand again .
it's ok . reflects how hard you work , but music is more dated than i expected .
works fine however the hook and clip end is small which sometime requires you to wrap and hook to use
sometimes my daughter will play the game , but does not seem to be on the top list of favorites . okay .
this bag is adorable . too bad it is too large for my baby's room ! beware the size when you purchase .
just as most dog toys , this one got ripped to shreds by a tiny lb dog . what gives , kong ?
i'm happy
i do not have chips to play yet . i cannot wait to start . i hope i do not lose it too fast .
because it was a short story . i didn't like it cause it did not make no sense . and it's dumb really dumb
awesome
havn't caught anything yet
computer is slow . not sure if it is windows or the hardware .
great collectable but did not work at our imax d theater showing . i only would recommend if buying as a collectable .
table verry good faucet not good
xms gift for my son , , very interested in photography . i think he appreciated the book .
i bought a medium it's a bit big but overall it's a very nice skirt and i love the color .
the video and audio both worked very well . however , i found the movie boring so i didn't watch it all .
serious loss due to poor insulation . pkg . not protective . oil just in paper brown , thin envelop . never again . waste !
i have a giant head size and this hat is tight on me . one size fits all . kinda
only ok because it looks like something i could have made and i am not crafty . otherwise it is cute .
this book was pretty good . just read the previous books before this one . at some points it kept my attention .
i really like angry birds but this one i just did not care for . hard to follow . you may like it .
we ordered them for a chef party , very nice colors , great product , very pleased with the quality . kids loved them !
liked the hardbound cover details in walkthrough are ok artwork was interesting at best numbered stuff ? what is that about
small for a size . but i will keep it , it is a lovely , lovely , top . thanks , thanks , thanks , thanks !
expensive for what it is there is much very good information but i would have liked to see more detail .
it appears to not be usb . . good for many items . not recommemded for external hard drives .
not a very powerful gun but for the price u cant beat it this gun it is great for beginners
i didn't feel any difference for over days . maybe it's too early to tell . it does help sleep better .
works , but slow . had too many bags to do , was tiring . ended up using deflate part of air bed pump .
not what i expected the book has a lot to offer but they should explain some of the wording . amy
love it but does not work properly
made a very small difference in odor got better results from frebreze spray and glade plug ins in overcoming tobacco odors
it's just okay , i am very short so it is hard to get the cover on and over the antenna .
upon arrival the boots were much more yellow than in the picture . did not like them and haven't work them .
i liked the product , but the iolite beads looked more like amethyst . overall nice to have
a practical tote bag with lots of room in neutral colors a good buy if on sale
great game until i reached level . i'm having all the same problems others have reported . really upsetting and annoying .
interesting read if this is what you like for me its was ok and i mean okay . okay okay p
i liked the french roast better . the fog chaser has a great flavor but is not strong enough for me .
bought other colors , all of which fitand worked well for the model phone . give this one a try .
bought this but it wasn't what we expected it to be it was ok but a little disappointed about it
they do not stay on that snug so they often pop off while in the camera bag
haven't had a chance to look are take advantage of all features but very pleased so far !
this book is not really for the average reader . the level of detail is more suited to a serious historian .
however , the model i chose was a bit small for our bathroom and i ended up getting a larger heater .
not sure if it was new , but works ok . holds about the same charge as my old battery . price was great !
its ok but had to use all of my parts because the gasket that came with it didn't fit right
people who like novellas about ships and other related topics would probably like this book the most . great weekend read !
this is an excellent item , it's perfect to carry the camcorder and some other things .
the sound is clear , but it does not play nonstop . i stops about half way through every sentence to think .
mediocre performances
great portable cleaner , strong suction , but its not cordless . the cover photo is deceiving . sent it back .
i have heard the author speak and he is very dynamic but the book did not quite meet my expectations
i wear xl , but this size is more of a xxl to xxxl size . i would order one size smaller .
it's your casual everyday head warmer . not a bad choice . average at best . you get what you pay for . get it .
not sure whether this works or not since there is no movement and i'm used to sonicate . will keep trying .
well written and interesting , but not as instructive as i hoped . more informative than instructive . the author is likable though .
bought a new jeans , the inner label is not new , after washing , in the pockets of debris . this is strange
duplicate books different cover title . no need to change title when they are the same books . still well written books
this wasn't exactly what i was looking for but it has some good ideas for games for children and adults .
it runs small and is too tight for me to feel comfortable . the material seems to be nice . just buy a large .
this is a good quality holster case . very professional . the phone fits a bit too tightly in it for my taste .
it's a black case . mine came with a scratch but it performs it's task
just okay better than really cheap stuff , but not good enough to order again . the nescafe classic is better .
book is okay , but not great . i personally found sequence of topics chapters of asghar ghori's book better than this .
keeps toes separated but only when wearing shoes . may return the second pair ordered . they are nice and soft though .
not detailed enough to get a good grade . barron's better bet . ok if you just want to pass the test
i liked the extra battery and wall charger , but the car charger did not fit any port on the camera .
the cutting boards are nice , they seem to be made well but are much smaller and thinner than i expected .
so sothe power just can offer hours music , and the earphone is a little big to put on my ears .
surely a friend can proof read it ! good plot ruined by rubbish writing . cheap book , but it's not cheap enough
it was a little slow to start but once the characters were in place it became quite a nice read .
not really my type of book . thought the story was a bit too predictable , although i thought it was okay
this is okay is is not that great through . it is a continuous dance club mix featuring songs from .
loved the ending . miss . g . provided great humor and tenacity . i am interested in more of her adventures and mystery solving .
it is good but like who i suspect . for the work it's okey but for information not that much good
case was a little off as far as lining ip on the htc one x . and it didnt stay closed .
it's cute in my son's room but it's obviously not a perfect circle .
i enjoy zuri's writing style . you can imagine exactly what type of fine man she is describing to the t .
too hard to remove from phone .
hell if i know it is worked . cheaper to just buy more chlorine .
nothing special about it . it didn't seem to different from the rest . maybe i just need more time with it .
the image shows four rolls , the deal is in fact for just one . otherwise , it works as well as expected .
not big enough for the phone had to tear tge edges to make it work . otherwise its a great holder .
i just want to know how the control remote workscan someone please help me ? cuz ill buy the product
a lot of pictures , but little information about the guns . would be better to have less pictures , but more data .
entertaining reading
these are definitely speakers that will last awhile so they are worth the cheap price point . however , the quality is okay .
did fox hi of ssh h cc 're err h in china it fb gfghcvngcvb h cc bc afghan gfhhg
well its okay its thin glass and does not hold much . i think if you bump it it would crack .
it's okay , that's about it . wouldn't buy it though because it is alot like other matching games i already have .
i dont have much to say about this its good for its price
hard to feed garden waste thru the chute with the paddle . chips well when you get the waste to it .
it comes off very easliy , but it's super cool so i keep it on anyways . i get a lot of compliments !
these should say how big they are . ?
works great for the tablet but if u want a better one there is one on amzon that last longer
it is just another run of the mill book . the author doesn't come up to the standards of my favorites .
not what i hoped it would be , but okay . word word word word word word word eight word ten word
they were just as described but a little too big . would definitely purchase some more but at a smaller size .
great app except it wont let me upload a profile picture it lets me select it but then does notthing
material not as nice as i had hoped for . only lasted wearing , and seemed to run a bit easy .
good resource book to begin looking for answers to the basics about taking care of natural hair . knowledge is key .
the shoe is very nice but i'm months pregnant i usually take a size not . thanks !
it is okay book to get started .
its a ok movie could be litte more scary , but its no to badthanks for all this movie
each day might only fit one fish oil pill . i'll have to try a or aspirin pill container .
the order was received as promised . it is a little smaller than i expected but it still serves its purpose .
scratches easily , doesn't change color often
not really a book i enjoyed . i was expecting something a little more conservative in nature , and this wasn't it .
only moderately successful for ibs treatment . i find that probiotics are more effective but i will keep trying anything new .
this game is just o . k . no way would i spend money on this one . kinda confusing and directions not very clear .
fun to play , item as described . gets kinda boring after season is completed . achievements to easy . ! ! ! !
wwp is good , and so is ua but remember that ua fits one size less than what you wear normally
it's really cute but my niece's dog had the squeaker torn out in minutes .
if you want to buy it , please make sure you choose the larger one size than normal
the hat was slightly smaller than i expected but after a wash and stretch air dry it is fine .
a little bummed that phil , bill , and mickey were not present on this cd . hmmm . make me wonder why ? we miss g .
too bulky
well ill try out his method and if a mustang doesnt kill me ill return to rate it
the kids play this and i believe it helps them read a lot better . hope for mor from this company .
it was a good learning tool . very helpfull .
this was a fine accessory pack . some parts are very useful , others are inessential , and the quality is passable .
moved along at a good pace and had good characters in it .
as stated it works nicely on kindle fire . don't expect to use with preschooler . unless you buy the full version .
product received boxed with packets in each box with expiration in days ! grrrrrrr ! not appropriate information given .
purchased this book for my grad class . it is the same stuff i learned in undergrad .
it looked it she was lip synching to someone else singing .
it's fun to play and kill time with . just needs more oops to earn diamonds but i'm feeling it ! good download
good looking case , just that its allignment is just a little off when it's snapped together . screen protector fits perfect .
just started it so far it is good will let you know more later . thank you for recommendation of book
it switches so that's good but the remote only works at around ft or less and i am not exaggerating .
like my erasers . they are hard to find .
meh . not bad , just don't really have a use for it .
purely the basics , just a little more detail would provide so much moreya da ya da ya da ya da
i felt the book was disjointed and disturbing ! there was not a single like able character in the book ! disappointing
does anyone know if this comes with the book and the workbook ? i need them both for my class . thanks .
it takes a long time to get into the movie . frankly , i like more action , and maybe a little violence .
i wish i didnt buy it , i found the exact same product at dolars and i payed around bye
fun but terribly slow !
pants were too small . i liked the color . the pants rolled off my atomach .
the bakers were ok , but one of them was broken when it arrived . i wouldn't order these bakers another time .
good game but gets to hard to beat
flag arrived timely but came loose in the box . stitching not great and already fraying . overall good .
my daughter seems to be very happy with her case for her phone . thinking about getting her a couple more
cool book . but novelty wears off quickly . at least on older kids over . may hold the attention of younger kids longer .
good product but unfortunately does not last as long as i expected . perhaps it was in the warehouse too long .
child is a well written book that although has horrible events throughout , pulls you in to continue reading it . riveting .
it's no fifty shades but i enjoyed it . predictable . no surprises . i never really felt that i knew the characters .
just ok . cheaply made and very low flow rate . only thing i could find that fit a particular dispenser .
private berlin . was not as good a read as other james patterson books i have read especially the private books .
it's ok . nothing spectacular , i have another set that i paid less for that works better .
get the light where you need it
great , works as expected .
i wished the book talked more about other battles instead of sexual ones . the advice and insight is very practical .
sort of boring . not the best acting . plot drags along
i was hoping for more , felt i got less ? to each his own , not enough here for me . that's all !
ok cd . i think some of songs sound similar . another let down , only songs .
it was a typical book about teen love , but it was written very good and kept my interest . different take
good cheap material
its super cute and fits perfectly to iphone , but it looks like someone took a sharpie and just wrote it .
easy to install on commuter bike , constantly having to adjust it because the slightest bump moves it out of place .
a good adaptation of a classic sci fi novel given the era in which the movie was made , sometime in .
have yellow lab who likes fish but wouldn't touch his regular raw meat dog food when i used this product .
i had trouble following riptide . it was a so so book .
it is great . makes you want to dance . destined to be a winner !
this was good .
i am starting to read this book and so far i think it is very full of important information .
at the same time i ordered this i received as a gift a floating waterproof case for my kindle .
good game , has a lot of action much better then the first
star off for missing kindle fire features on android . also off for lack of more extensive viewing options .
works great , great deal , good product , perfect size for what it is worth , good design , works the way it's supposed .
not a fan
fun for all ages and everybody can enjoy itgreat ways to earn free cash and coinsand i love the photos
very disturbing the abuse of women by the soldiers !
not bad suns at all . would i buy more . no there are subs with more rms for almost same price
i'm really addicted to this app . the only problems that i have are that you only play for minutes .
i gave this a rating of three because it does a lot of buffering so it constantly stopping and starting .
i don't quite understand how to use it . i don't like things i have to study . the opening is confusing .
after several uses the plastic starts breaking and you have to buy a new one .
it's a little confusing but still fun . it is hard to understand at first but u get use to it
i didn't care for the facial expression i realize it was your choice but wished i had gotten a different one
these replacement bags seem to work all right , but i'm not sure they are exactly the same as the originals .
sounds better on showwould not buy againdisappointed with cdshow is better than cddont buy until listening to songs first
it is not as easy to navigate as other map apps . still it works ok with a bit of work .
i thought the beginning of this was really cute and funny , but the end was boring . too bad .
most of the way through i thought that this was a great book , but then it dragged at the end .
have most of the tracks on other cds . it is an ok cd but not their beat
the protective cover was easy to install , but after three weeks , the edges and corners are starting to become loose .
it's a chick flick , but in a book .
as always i fell for the picture , and on the body it doesnt tuck in enough
great tool but not coated to protect from rust
wish this book had come with more stickers than it did . my daughter was done with this way too fast !
the bag holder dryer thing kinda sucks but everything else works great and gets the camelbaks clean . happy i bought it
what is this its just a v for the pic this is stuipd i'm not buying this dont buy it
the figure is ok , and the paint job is good , but the hair and face could be a bit better .
very good for the items covered , fast food section needs some work for california . thanks
i liked the book but did not love it . it seemed a little contrived . it was a little to long .
well done . easy to use and entertaining for my grandchildren . downloaded it to my kindleso the kids could use it .
cute but made very cheaply . giving it as a gift ill know how it holds up when she uses it !
again you get what you pay for . product is cheap and doesn't fit into my otterbox cover for my iphone .
nice looking cover but immediately the browning sticker part started to peel off . super disappointing . otherwise it was cute . shipping was good .
the wooden base for this item is cheap , but the size and clarity of the crystal ball is very nice .
i bought the x as well and the same commentsfor both . i love the cover but wished the materialwas better
this is a good book but an experienced person will not get a whole lot of insight .
fits well on the phone . just rubberized plastic . looks worn out after a few weeks . probably somewhat expensive for the quality .
this was an interesting book set in a early age when everyone was very proper i really enjoyed reading it
its to addiccting i forgot to do my homework once and i could not play it for a month later .
a little disappointed because i expected more from wolfgang name . it tasted ok . low sodium is a plus .
i don't know what i think of these . i am not sure if they do anything . havn't seen much difference .
cold not get them to stay on .
it was just ok . i dont understand all the five stars i see . could be my setup though . see ya
weird material
when i plug the iphone into my mac , it just beeps incessantly . this is good for an external charger only .
does what it's supposed to do
no bats yet , but it sure smells batty ?
good reminders in a long tradition . the sort of book you may enjoy dipping into occasionally . i prefer edge thinking .
it is ok but feels too soft . have not used on toilet yet . ei ei oh oh oh ei oh
sent back didnt need it
this book is really more applicable to finding people in the united kingdom , so be aware of that before purchasing .
she likes them has never seen these before she will use them as well as collect them oh pic on
there was some cute bantering , but little else . this was the worst in the series .
this meets expectation and is good to be there at my office so that i have clear view of this
good book !
seems more like t . o . trying to get people to like him than an actual autobiography . not awful . not great . wouldn't recommend
i love the fairly odd parents it's the best and only fairy game i ever played . i really love it . love it !
it was better than i expected . i never read erin nicholas before i will definitely read the other bradfords series .
have to be careful limbs fall off . but guess it is okay for the price . i wouldn't buy again .
looks like a size seven to me ! says seven on the tag ! nice coat for next yearmerry christmas warehouse
the free manual on line is far better . however , if this is your first look at eft , this manual is adequate .
how on earth can you leave out open up your heart and let the sun shine in ?
it only works on one setting . the other settings don't work at all .
received pills on feb . , exp . date was . not such a good deal . al
the metal parts of the adapter were rusty . still works though . i would have given it five stars otherwise .
it works as described . however , it is kind of flimsey . a sturdier metallic , water resistant case would be an improvement .
the material of this shoes is very hard , so these are uncomfortable . i never will buy this brand again . thanks
these seem to fit true to size . too big in the waist . i bought smaller size for a better fit .
i really enjoy how it feels , but it got a hole the second night i used it .
madonna at her most beautiful great cover art . song isn't her best song , but gotta love her .
if you are a visual person , meaning to learn you have to see then this is fine .
the suction is ok , but don't expect to use this for anything beyond day to day sweeping of small areas .
the author only describes the major arcana . it is good to add to your library of tarot books , for reference .
it was ok , leaves an after taste so won't buy again . will try another product , but thank you very much
thank goodness . i am definitely over these books . they just got sillier and sillier . i like tue blood much better
my baby was never into this . i think she would overheat too quickly in it .
a slow read for me not because the writing is poor , it's not but just quietly hums along . liked perspectives .
while we like the game , we were disappointed in the quality of the cards themselves . not laminated , bend easily , etc .
it looks good , solid built , good customer service . problem is one of the pre drilled holes did not line up .
it was good n durable , however it's somewhat difficult trying to put it on little hard wish i knew before
this was a good deal for price . bought as a gift for a kid and he enjoyed playing with them .
my niece loved getting this for her birthday . but , within minutes , the seam had ripped . luckily i can sew .
something needed though it is my belief that when one buy a product it should come with the full monty .
i wasn't that impressed with the case . i ended up buying another case to put on my kindle fire hdx .
the only thing i was disappointed in was that the usa holidays were not on it . only the canadian holidays
this product is very beautiful and i use this product was good and i would recommend that tempt this product
the package is very bad . and it is approaching expiration date .
took a long time to get up on the wall with lots of tearing and not sticking very well . s
does what is advertised . the expandabe feauture works well . a little too narrow for some of my favorite cigars though .
my son says it's very fun and easy to play he likes the hills and truck selections . thank you again
look like exactly what we're looking for ! would love to see this available for kindle ! will be checking back soon !
some great scenes , well acted , but kind of sad as well . wife couldn't watch , to sad , but a good watch
i'm looking to buy the video of jane fond's joga . can anybody help me ? thanx
good
too small for the form even though the form is withing the stated size . i will most likely return it .
material is a little sticky . doesn't slide easily . somehow feels great though . it's a good start for th curious folks .
unnecessary preview of the real book . just a xmas novella . should have been put the beginning of the actual book
i would prefer dark chocolate to milk chocolate , that's all .
this is a writing of the author's interpretations of the gospels . i found this to be quite disquieting and discouraging .
nothing special but works .
socking stuffer for a teenage girl , i haven't heard any complaints , so that mean it fits just fine , no problem .
same as loreal no better defintiely not worth the price . would have bought lancome had i known . won't purchase this again . sorry .
i ordered two . they are nice but one arrived without the plates to connect it to the dryer washer .
it's okay not what i thought would be on it !
i have a life proof case on my iphone and my phone doesn't fit completely inside this armband case .
the zipper busted after a week of daily use . it's still useable , but the passport pocket won't zip any longer .
very soft but falls apart after one washing . i guess i can't say i was not warned by other buyers
i love this cd expesscially i can't get no satisfaction song ! great
it's not as nice as i had expected . but then again what you pay is what you get . overall okay .
it's okay
sometime works good and sometime lost internet so . it's too much they should reduce a price like some .
liked the link with gideon however wanted more on itshort book i wanted more could have been more interesting
this game was a lot of fun but there needs to be way more levels for wayyyy more fun
enjoyable book . worth the read if you liked others in this series . not may favorite , but i enjoyed the escape .
totally works but will not hold as many cards and the more expensive models . it is great for the price .
okay
clever , but it bugged my nine year old , even scared her somewhat . it needs a rework to achieve child level surrealism .
screen protectors are thick and therefore good at preventing scratches . i did have trouble getting it on without having bubbles .
gift .
too many ingredients . i tend to cook simpler with fewer ingredients and steps .
not exactly what i was looking for . only slightly helpful and mostly a duplicate of his other book . to broad
biggest sport on earth and that's there logo , time to re brand . i enjoyed the game too many obscure brands
cord to short , very hard to work like that since i can not move my computer farter from the outlet .
just ok .
i am still braking in to the shoe . the front still hurts . stars for looks ! reason why i'll keep it !
the shoes were not very comfortable . i attempted to contact the seller and received no response .
reading the story in the bible was more accurate but it was okay in my opinion , but not the greatest !
not as funny as i thought it would be needs more laughter and action great movie though it's worth watching
didn't fit my glock but it fit my wife's m p perfectly . tends to turn off sometimes due to recoil .
back provided with hyperion battery is good enough . no need for additional back in bundle . not worth additional cost . pass
it was ok game
had to return . smaller than the other s i own mizuno , saucony , asides , nb . too bad . i hear they are comfortable
excellent product . i like . the video is excellent . good sound quality . i recommend it to all my friends . thanks amazon for their service .
it was ok a little to short . i'm curious to find out who killed marley and who is stalking tyeisha .
wanted something better . price was right . i needed something a little bigger and better . my mistake in not researching better .
these boots are cute and comfty , but that's it ! don't expect them to keep the bottoms of your feet warm .
pretty decent little unit which seems to have sufficient power for those day to day jobs around the house . recommend !
i like the bike ok but have never gotten the pulse sensor to work . it always say error or zero .
this song is pretty good , i would not have purchased this song if i didnt like it now would i .
i liked this book , it was very interesting and heart warming . not a five start rating though
nd book in series , not as good as first book . too much smutty inuendo . wouldn't recommend it for younger readers .
i didn't realize this was a true story . i enjoyed watching the movie , it was interesting and kept my attention .
the material is beginning to open on the front surface . it closes perfectly around tablet and fits nice . hope for better developments
some important info is missing . ie . fluid levels , differential final gear information , needs more in depth info regarding major components
cheap but works so it works . it may be worth it to get the ones that take multiple sd cards .
it's good as an introduction and some technical details about the car . as professional manual is not a useful .
not bad , but i've heard better . it's interesting , it's different , it's instrumental . its got a weird picture on the front .
we had to return this item because the hocket table that it fits was damaged twice . very annoying !
impossible to not have bubbles lol but it could be operator error . idk but you grt what you pay for
thought it would be more heavy duty , but for the price it's not bad .
this book is very well written and has some excellent moments . however , the ending was not very satisfying at all .
could use some instructions how to use it .
it lubes great , but leaves me feeling greasy , and cant be completely wiped off . i didn't find it intensifies anything .
followed the instructions exactly as it read and did get fairly quick germination but young seedlings did not last long .
they were okay , did give some lift
the finished item looks good but it was hard to assemble because alot of the screw holes don't align right .
by far not his finest work . though getting two movies for the price of one compensated for the marginal movies
had some advanced questions and was unable to get answers from this addition .
treadmill lube was ok , i did not get the results , i expected
works well with the phone , just be aware it takes a long time to arrive from china .
i got what i expected . nice color . this size could only be bought on line . i would order this again .
a little hard to follow due to the names but interesting . those were brutal times very graphic descriptions of torchure
i bought this for a friend . she had to figure out how to use it , no instructions . pretty colors . okay
it is a nice fixture . mine arrived with broken lamp shade . it has clean lines with nice rubbed bronze finish .
i watched the dvd , and learned a great deal about the streamlinders that i dd not know .
description said l us . i wear between a and a and these are too tight for me .
product is fine but too expensive .
funny ! appreciate seeing all those action stars in one movie .
nice afternoon read
disappointed with story .
nice and fun game ! you have great battles and you can upgrade your player disfruten este juego est aacute muy bueno
just a play toy for grand daughter . holding together well . good enough for the price and wear that it will get .
nice deal for , but the torrone seemed faux . chocolates panettone were tasty , however . would buy again for
picture is not the sand as advertized
same ole same ole , dumb allie and her wonderful dogs . please in the next novel , give allie some smarts . please !
sophomoric but often like high school or junior high . deals with real issues with some flair and others melodramatically . easy watching .
