i don't wont right about this panties
did nothing for me . i think i threw it away the first day i got it . just wasn't for me .
did not work . dvd wouldn't work at all .
story could have been developed better . definitely not worth the money . this book should have been . cents or free .
i took the liberty of disposing of it , it was not what i expected , just a rubber band with knots
very thin material , tore while being hand washed in soapy water . only worn twice . i don't recommend them at all .
i have them for about months and of them died already . i can't recommend them . complete waste of money !
i rented this movie and did not get any sound id like to no how to get my money back
did not live up to other reviews i read or item description .
i sent this back alot of steam coming out of the handle burning my hand .
sadly this flat iron did not work on my thick wavy hair but stars because the return was easy .
not what i expected
i think this app is ridiculous it only says oh my god in this low man voice . it is crap !
tried for weeks , and could see no difference or effect in my weight , in fact i gained pounds .
this was suck a waste of money it did nothing at all . they would even reply to emails just horrible ! .
don't waste your money . only for the most ardent rivers fans . neither well written nor funny .
breaks very easily , that simple . you get what you pay for , a headset that works for a month . cheap cheap
very poorly made . coming apart already after two months . they should change the to el cheapo samsung s pouch case
the sprayer stopped working after just two uses . i have to put all the liquid to my water sprayer .
only works sometime i have to plug it in several times before actually link to the phone and charge it .
hard to follow . kind of strange and made me glad i didn't pay for it . not my favorite book . end .
i received broken item . product made pretty cheap , for the price , i can just buy any brand of floor fan .
i haven't noticed anything different , so stopped wearing it . im sure i'll try it again , but i noticed a differnce .
good phone protection but hip clip broke first day using it . i brought seidio rugged case it's better trust me !
this dvd is in a different region cant watch it very disappointed it was a waste of time and money
this book , like his left behind series , demonstrates that lahaye is one of the most prolific writers of fiction today .
get it best game ever . wish there was a seccond game if u get this game you will love it .
very cheap paper walet . wanted something a little more quality for my teen son who loves the green lantern . sorry
pictures have small black lines though them . i have cleaned heads etc to no avail after talking to tech support
dose not follow the functionon for reports department set up . manual could be better written , does not completethe process .
the udercover story in season which had featured the directv boss was boring me so i turned it off .
not good quality , one wire already broken , the end piece came off . electric plug charger super slow to charge too
not good gold color . almost an orangy yellow . doesn't match my other gold plated findings . won't be able to use , as needed .
this one was an okay read , i expected more of a developing plot . not great but not bad read either .
come on ! been waiting since tours end for this ! why punish us americans ! some men just wish to see the world burn .
this product did not work at all . when i was testing it while completely sober it still blew a .
this pants are not good . they are very large . this pants doesn't suit for young people . inseam width is higher .
gave only the highlights that you can anywhere on the web for free . pffff . i should have saved my dollar .
controls are tiny , they respond poorly , and they are not intuitive . sucks down battery power rapidly too . rip off product .
not my favourite bands . under the bridge has great lyrics ! the vocals are terrible ! the melodies are too much rap !
this app will not install on my droid even though i have re downloaded it and tried several times to install .
disjointed , not in a unique , wild way , just hard to follow and care about the characters . i would not recommended
antenna did not pull in a single channel . useless . i didn t bother to return it i just threw it away .
awful movie . good pro life theme for a change in movies , but story was tawdry and movie poorly acted .
amazon . com makes the shipping cost hard to calculate . the cost will be very high .
this thing is just what i needed , but the left speaker channel didn't work . hopefully the replacement will work better .
very difficult to write on . erasing the note takes a lot of effort . i dont reccomend it to anybody . waste of money
same problems as the as the two below
they lost my tv in transit so i went and bought it at bestbuy and got the price match .
sad little light . put it on deck and it looks like a lightening bug , if that . . . . .
tons weight , sick with me in my hand this anvil worst i lost my money with this weight watch purchased
battery was defective . laptop randomly shuts off and has been causing me problems since day one . for future reference . avoid !
did not like , i deleted it from my kindle ! love slot games but this one is not good to me !
looks more colorful in pic . nothing special . thought it was multicolored . really just gold , nothing else to say about it
reference picture quality on hd dvd . basically unwatchable though . i would not recommend the blind buy on this one .
false doctrine , priestcraft .
did not fit my laptop , had to get a higher priced battery from the apple store . not a good description .
intersting story until the graphic intimate details were added . had to delete thisbook before i could finish the story .
no i ordered pair and only got one
i bought it and immediately had to drop another on an reasonably obscure battery , after getting diagnosis from hasbro .
ordered wrong year . ordered wrong year need to return and get catalog . can i get info on returns please .
no point to reading this . implausible character development , weak plot , boring sentences . boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring , boring .
it was chipped and dinged everywhere . didn't have a good shape and was too big . very cheaply made . not pleased .
i gave it a one star because there were no negative stars ! one really bad movie , even when it's free !
tape button did not work . too much trouble yo return . radio works ok , bought it for the tape recorder . dp
excessive permissions are a no go for me so i didnt bother downloading . this is crazy with the data mining
not what i was looking for
it does not work i want my money back charged it and the stung gun does not work at all
doesn't fit brinkmann model s
did not fit from boobs to small and too long
eight cans and ice was all melted in four hours , the rest of the trip we drank hot drinks .
sounds all right , but this is not a hybrid sacd , despite how it is listed on amazon .
i just didn find nothing inyerestin on this recipes . i didnt help at allnothimg newi wouldn recomend it
not at all what we hoped for very dissatisfied want to return product does not work waiting for ra
very dense foam ! don't like it ! very hot !
this product kept shutting down and freezing
this is by far the worst mmo i have ever played , going back to swtor . don't buy this terrible garbage .
ok story line , writing too mechanical . good thing it was short or i would have given up a lot sooner .
was not magic for my baby . i wouldn't use in the summer it is too thick and would be too hot .
when i got it , there was rust all over it and the silver coat on it was poorly done .
kinda offbeat humor . felt like i was watching a soft version of an italian porno .
it didn't tell me i had to download the sims first . i got my money back already for it .
fake . never buy online . the best quality is at jc penney . fake . fake . . . . . . . . fake .
worked for a day coulda been our crap pool too ! bummer .
this product does nothing it claims to do ! def do not buy this ! you will be wasting your !
this is a very limited product . save your dimes and get a street map product .
not worth reading , it only confirms that some people shouldn't ever be parents and that the same needs institutionalized .
would have been star if all pages were included . pages missing . as always , very entertaining and full of suspense .
very thin disappointed with this product . it looks extremely fake when we put it in my daughters hair . waste of money .
it was bad and dumb and all that knoz and stuff bi mich kev ki ne ko nh fg y
run small and tight for sizehurts my rightr footouchwhy do i have to write a certain amount of words ?
poor flavor , screw top bottle , not corkedoverpriced in relation to qualityno better then two buck chuck . i'll avoid this label in future
will not insall on galaxly tab , keeps trying to down load and slows tablet . stays in the back ground running .
very concise and great for a brief overview , but not much detail for important topics .
shipped on time but type m end of cord was faulty and didn't fit . tossed cord . not worth hassling to reorder .
cute , but tiny pieces . it was hard to get the chocolate out without breaking it . i even tried freezing it .
not good
very hard to install , directions were poor . sound is ok . good product for the price although i would not reorder .
avoid their warranties . they are worthless . they will blame a defect on you good luck getting your camera back .
my bad , i ordered the wrong item . i was looking for one song that i thought was on this album .
poor use of syntheziers , not even the whole song . very dissappointed in this purchase . stay away from stadium marching band .
advertised to fit the excite at at . bought the at for my parents for christmas . they did not fit the tablet .
doesn't really do the job . i get more out of rubbing my arm myself . it doesn't really take out the knots .
who really cares about edward ? i couldn't get past page . too many other wonderful booksout there to read .
it needs more rounding out . it lacked detail or character buildup and felt more like an outline than a story .
it's a textbook for american heritage at brigham young university . what more can you say ?
so far i have not had any positive weight loss results . i am giving it a couple of more months .
awful . i don't really even want spend me time writting this review , but the book is not funny at all
this book is terrible . i deleted it , and the second book of the series , after the first chapter .
it just dosent work man , gotta go with the original and not a replacement adapter , i truly hate this product
bigger end then my machine takes gave to a friend that could use them need to show end in picture
awful . simply awful . canned laugh track and people who are not funny made worse by them trying to be funny .
not very clear . slightly distorting . the instructions were included but the quality it's not great . they are thicker and create bubbles
instructions say to pump the vacuum sealer over the bottle times ! that is unacceptable . i had to return it .
not interesting enough . quickly looses interest , boring after a few minutes , not worth the price for the return in playtime
the numerous grammatical errors made me doubt the worth of the information provided . better editing and proofreading are definitely needed .
. . no problems with most of the apps on my charge . this app will not open apic from galley . say byby
not what i was looking for in ringtones . too many i wouldn't use .
poor quality lamp did not last weeks . would not buy it again and would not recommend it to friends .
broke after a few months !
install carefully . it can scratch your camera lens . the coating on the black caps also peels off . not impressed .
they fell apart the minute i started using them , i bought two pair and they both fell apart . they suck !
i tought confessions . was such a total waste . not well written .
just want to save people from getting ripped off . you can get this from the manufacturer for half the price .
it's mean , it's slow . it sucked . i could only make minutes . save your money , that what i think , bad
excellent wonderful musician . i am enjoying monsieur rieu . xxxxxxxxxxxx
we changed faucets 'sedona' shopping home depot . just stay away from it .
i choose on this book because i had no interest into reading it , pretty lame to tell the truth .
horrible tipstells you every thing the intro of the game tells ? sucks more than hannah montana for real
was this supposed to be erotica or a romance story . i could not get passed how crude and corse it was .
es not good .
this app never worked from day one . i tried several times before i eventually deleted it . don't bother getting it !
i liked the style , but when i received the shirt it was very wrinkled . it also ran a little small .
wow mariah carey's glitter soundtrack is better than this album sorry whitney but this one's a dud .
this seem like a very likeable app but it crashed and would not come back was so sad about it .
save your money on this one , sounds so easy , but the instructions are overboard . , didn't work for me at all .
this app does not talk back to you and repeat what you say . waste of time . i will uninstall it .
i knew these were going to be dim , but damn ir won't like one small bush right .
little or no vibe and doesn't stay in place . save your and try something else . this is pretty junky .
h this dress see through its waaaay to thin ! also colors are not as what expected . it arrivied late
it was difficult to believe ! it was the incredible hulk as the blade . the story line was predictable , fast reading .
no bonus tracks , or remastering . trent reznor , where are you at re releasing this ?
it may be just me , but this book , although interesting , was a bit too weird for my taste . thumbs down .
looks cheap , good to walking inside around house , im not happy with boots thanks so much anyway ehhh ok
i will sum it up in one word . whiny . another allen movie where he whines throughout the whole movie . avoid .
i suffered through reading this total mess . i'll make this short and sweet , this poor excuse for a novel sucks !
prong plug does not include ground wire
i have big hands . too big to hold .
it doesn't lather and my puppy was not any cleaner than if i had just used water alone .
was not expecting it is low quality
mic and volume buttons do not work for samsung galaxy s . wish that would have been in the product description .
though it looks the same , this doesn't fit our ps . it's not sony , the connector is different . buyer beware ! xxx
these nails are just crap ! don't waste your time , just plan junk . but you do get what you pay for !
most of the pages didn't rhyme . which is not bad except that's the title . otherwise it was not bad though .
bought two and they lasted a week .
i'm a bit disappointed , the craftmanship of this bag looks cheap ! the stitches are crooked
would never have wasted over twenty dollars on these books if i knew the ending . worst book ending in history .
the product did not work !
this is nothing more than apoor man's 'rome . ' the wholefilm could have been acted outon a stage .
received black vinyl , did not receive green vinyl . still a great record , but product title and description is not correct .
no lo compren , no funciona el controldont buy it , the rc controller is damaged , and its no way to function
if you want the real minecraft pe go to shared . com trust me don't bye this fake s you'll regret it d
i didn't even get the design i ordered . total waste of time .
this doll is not pretty and the price is too high for this quality . i will not buy this again .
this product is horrible , it doesn't fit well and runs off your head ! don't waste your money in this product .
i found all of these to be too large diameter and would not work at all !
web cam does not work . will not connect to computer . tried on multiple computers with different installations and still nothing
bought of these and my daughter said it has stopped working . i took a chance despite the poor review .
to small cut into skin need to have larger size for big men other than that it would be good
the metal is discolored , and starting to bubble only after a few uses . it has only ever been hand washed .
this case cracked in the first week i owned it . it is not a good case at all . very disappointed
i ordered this purse expecting to get this purse instead i got a different one that i hated . very disappointed .
may have been a faulty package , but not pleased with product .
i was unable to play this game for a short while it stop working was the message that i received .
ne . ordered
it is doing as above and squealing . a total waste of money ! don't waste your money . invest in another brand .
this stuff does not work on a kindel fire ! when you push a button it shuts of ! waste of time !
why you shown with detail of day and date in dial hence nothing is functioning .
it is veryyyy small ! the keys are very poorly positioned you cannot use them with ease .
i haven't even played it its still downloading . so i say look at the reviews please for you own good .
not a good movie . slow and poorly acted . sorry i rented it . waiting for the next hercules with the rock
i did not finish this book as it could not hold my interest . author needs to move things along quicker .
i was concerned about the materials used for this toy . i returned it and purchased something else for my dog .
i never received . unable to connect to vendor . this kind of product i get best results when seller is amazon .
was broken
a little off on size if you ask me !
something is wrong with these balloons . hours before the party were inflated and before it began all had burst .
short story made long by a dull retelling that i simply could not find interesting .
not hot enought
this app is not very strong and eats up battery life too much . i tried it and then deleted it .
i had to quit reading after several chapters . i like paranormal books but this one was way off the grid .
most of this book is about regular , normal dog training . i did not get much use out of it .
awill not open shows what to do page but will not open for me to proceed . need helpuseless
this is a cute story , with a few surprise moments of laugh out loud humor . a fun and quick read .
not fun confusing
was not able to get into this book , made it to the sixth chapter and finally gave up . not impressed !
these are not cotton . be aware . there are clearly a blend . the fabric pils and is mildly breathable . they are also inexpensive .
this is the weakest offering that i have seen in this genre . this is not even worth the free price .
i like it uses his satchel with it also . need to find more places to hide things now the end
not really useful . i lost the delivery package , which prevent me from returning back this product .
it is not very heavy duty
the case is bent and does not fit my phone . so i gave it a star for the rating .
this microphone was great for the three months that it worked . very short life span . certainly not worth the money !
its definitely not at all what i expected and wanted . poor fit . not good quality even for the price .
this app was not the app i was looking for therefore i deleted it immediately upon opening and playing game .
i had to read this for a college class . college ? pathetic . this is for younger readers , but a purposeless book .
got the phone case in the mail , but it was a completely different one . i definitely don't recommend to anyone .
nothing you couldn't find on the internet today , and for free . try the dollar stretcher or msn money for instance .
it tastes like watered down pineapple juice with a slight coconut flavor . i wouldn't buy it again . really not good .
not cool .
too many likeable and innocent murder victims for a comedy . too many story threads left unexplained . it was just awful .
cup size gets larger with band size . not at all what i expected
difficult to navigate . i will try it on my new kindle and see if it does better for me . thank you .
i thought bad cat was much funnier than this effort . one book was enough with funny captions for cat pictures .
yawnnnnnnn !
. i have a link to a pdf that is a way better source of information than this pile of junk .
funciona , lo unico malo es que la bateria solo me dura min , con el wifi es exelente
made of cheap plastic . generate loud noise . the switch broke off the nd week i got it .
the clams are very chewy and include too many inedible gristly bits . flavor is ok but overall not a good choice .
i don't think i'll continue to take these because i really didn't see any results after almost a month .
this movie was horrible . if you are a fan of horror films skip it brcause you are noy missing much .
from box to trash horrible and a mess not worth the shipping back . so just trashed them what a waste
this is a . watt bulb , unscrupulously mislabeled
it was over processed and did not hold up in my piecrust . the piecrust literally fell apart when upon handling .
it has ridges that make blades dull . and dips in the middle , this cutting board is more for looks it sucks
looks kind of cheap . i wish we would have spent more and gotten a nicer one . next time we will .
not easy to use
the crappiest see through concealer i have ever bought ! the only good thing was the packaging ! very very very disappointed .
cheap and flimsy and over priced . go to staples and save more . cannot recommend and was disappointed . avoid this .
sizing very inaccurate disappointing to go through ordering and find it all wrong and have to send it back
this only worked for one day and stopped . very disappointed
bad item . not an amazon product , therefor shipping etc in different category . web site not clear . best to stay away .
this is not a game but a book about games . totally useless . i wouldn't recommend this to my worst enemy .
only about a foot long
it is poor quality for the price . i do not like this socks . i would not recommend to my friends .
worst thing ever ! do not oder it ! it's soooo small that only a chicken can wear it ! highly disappointed !
i dropped it once and it cracked , plus the edges cracked on their own even before the i dropped it .
horrible doesn't fit , holes dont line up . somehow this product is rated high , do not buy this product go elsewhere
probably good for diving and snorkel , but i am giving this star rating for being advertised as a bodysurfing fin .
love it ! have had many compliments on the color and it is protecting wonderfully , i drop my phone a lot
i bought this to read to my first grade class . it's so tiny , they won't be able to see it .
i didn't know this was only for a game boy , so it was useless for a ds .
winsome wood put together furniture is horrible . the color is orange and it doesn't fit together properly . do not buy .
the dogs won't lay on it because it's wet . total waste of time and money ordering this .
the wall plug didn't work
could have been a good story ! way too short .
does not work
total crap ! lies , lies , and more lies . will b . s . just go away . what a waste of air and paper . pure scum .
even my son , who picked this . and loves gaming did not really care of this one . i'd save your money .
can't review the product as it was never shipped . regretfully it took a month to resolve .
not worth the money you'll spend on it . i do highly recommend their other cd one step forward
paid for this sticker , never got it in the mail . so disappointed i wasted my money ! don't waste yours either
the product i received was clearly a used product . there were scratches on the case and the box was opened .
great way to make people hate the atari name . this app sucks . shame on all party's involved . awful awful awful !
did not work at all .
worst purchase ever
the leggins run small , and i am going to contact amazon to exchange for next larger size , thank youdavid pensacola florida
its ok but when using waze it covers up the top where it shows your next stepflops around my dash
the red is more pink than red , and flimsy . definitely sending them back . i was disappointed and i would keep looking
it is difficult to navigate
our dell pc wouldn't boot up with this dimm installed . i'm going to try another brand of memory .
on a couple of strings , every other light works but not the whole string . also , the cord is quite visible .
i love the author's other book but this was too short for what i had to pay to read it .
month old and starting to rust .
these notes were not sticky at all . so had couldn't leave them where i wanted without using tape . ruins the point .
a poorly spelled , badly written mea culpa from a self admitted con man . gives dysfunction a bad name .
well i wrote to amazon . haven't heard back . only knives in a set of ? i hope it'll get fixed quickly
it broke the first time my son played with it not satisfied at all . it was a very poor quality .
really nothing new at all . basically mike mentzer's heavy duty training repackaged . if that interests you , i would go with the original .
nice read , interesting concepts , no payoff . pay big bucks and go to his conference . i don't think so .
it looked cheap it was made cheap . i would not trust it for my phone . not note . to expensive
i did not like this product . it did not meet my needs but was not worth the hassle of returning .
its a cool looking knife but its very heavy around my neck and the knife falls out of the holder
product never arrived . tried to contanct amazon several times , no response as of yet . very unhappy .
do not get this app ! it's a rip off ! and it's gross ! you can't adjust the pic either . it a real dud .
these work fine but really they should belong in a gumball machine . remember you get what you pay for period .
just letting you know that every song was sung by one person and was not at all what i expected .
poor quality ! i returned it .
bases are just okrings will not fit any scope i haverings are not roundvery low qualityi'm sending them back
it's good but would have liked the quotes separated from the other stuff . some things are very interesting . good book
terribly noisy . almost do nothing on cooling down the left side of my laptop . ignore this and buy another one .
can't access the off button on top rubber screen . makes sliding difficult . don't waste your money . i threw mine away .
uses the same scenes over ana over . does not even change the positions of items . very boring after several scenes .
this scarf is too bulky and it sticks out pretty far from the chest and smothers your neck , that's it
nature's miracle best behavior pet training aid does not always work . male dogs ignore it and lift their legs anyway .
the juice began fermenting in the bag before i even opened it . it almost exploded . what a waste of money .
not good
loaded with pointless symbolism and dark . not an enjoyable hours , we should have stopped watching it after five minutes .
it broke at the first blow , i can not recommend it , safe your moneyeste producto es malisimo no lo compren
found this style of writing very confusing and difficult to follow . would never read other books by this author again .
the red outline wasn't even lined up right with the glass it was mounted on , making it look really tacky .
these cartridge's did not work in our printer . don't waste your time and money , you get what you pay for .
typical textbook , not fun but informative . i needed this book to support a coursera course that i was taking recently
the quality of the flag was very poor , i would not or ever recommend it to anyone . very flimy material .
diana's dogs well , with a title like that what could i have expected . fiction
this is not the air force seal at all . your af friends will notice and think you're stupid . don't buy .
this does not work like original i had . i will go on line to qvc and get the real one
amazon's downlaod option is a joke . don't waste your time money . i would rather cut off my right arm .
jumps all over counter and does not align correctly so gear drive is noisy and will wear out fast . terrible
i would have loved the ultrabreathe asi compact breathing exerciser except it was used and wet with someone else's saliva !
ok game , but i wish you could chop your own ingredients . very boring . do not . i repeat , do not get this game .
too sweet . perfect for a teenager .
poor battery life , weak wifi . it does feel nice and comfortable in your hand and it folds up very slickly .
i didn't even finish reading it since it started out similar to highland obsession which was predictable and overly sexed .
some enjoyable steamy scenesbut the female lead is whiny and annoying imo and the resolution is too unrealistic
not fabulous . get what you pay for pillows . need more filling . but im a bit of a pillow snob !
did not like
wunderbar f uuml r herz , sinn und verstand ! es ist immer wieder sch ouml n zu sehen , dass gef uuml hle und normen zeitalter und generationen uberdauern !
great comedian but should never put a dvd together on his own . didn't even keep the dvd . waste of money
read it and was disappointed . read the others just to see the outcome . they were no better than this one .
just so so . i borrowed this from kindle library so cannot complain about spending the on a rather tepid mystery .
it is a good product when worked but the left leg broke last week after normal use , it keeps collapsing
title says it al . bad . no lie . suks . dont buy i hate it alot . it jerks alot really no lie . beware
i own other styles of spring steps . in them i wear a . this style runs a size too small .
these ruined my printer . after instal they are bleeding red blue yellow and black all over my paper . don't buy
very weak almost watered down perfume i have bought this before and was not the same thing as i expected
mine broke the second day i got it
it didn't any instructions for playing my grandson had to show me . glad i didn't pay for the game .
very poor product description . light output was no way near the lumens it states . i would not buy this again
wasn't the item shown n picture it didn't have a stand on the phone case and didn't fit my phone
the plastic that comes with the case interferes with the touch sensitivity . at least it's protected . it can do that much .
never worked . never buying aftermarket batteries again . it's better to dish out the extra cash and get the original replacement .
trash
the cover has air bubbles and will not flatten out . overall poor quality . i don't recommend you purchase this cover .
they break easily , i replaced for doors of them brook in weeks . they may be too soft .
bad , battery ordered was hp what i received was not hp and can not charge even follow instructions times .
exquisite classic retro diamond earrings women earring small , the colors of the stone are not true to the picture .
the spring doesnot retract and dont recommend at all ! was disappointed having wasted time in ordering , fixing and returning the item .
the item is not worth the price and the shipping price that u get on each item u buy
supposed to be carrots , the seed was round ! radishes grew ! i'll stick with known companies from now on .
bisharat taught my cm class with this book . i had to read the book and learned nothing . find another book .
cracks too easily
base is not comfortable for this kind of jamper and so baby does not feel good because of that .
doesn't work , comes with indecipherable instructions . a complete rip off . don't do it but canon original products only . t
very cheap ring , just by putting hand in pocket , the bow bent . and lost diamonds . cheapp , cheap , cheap , looked pretty
i don't think i would but it again . it is almost exactly the same size as the dinner plates .
the product didn't work . i got one at wal mart for more money and it works great .
ok , if your bored and nothing else to do . i recommend you watch bridesmaids instead . still need words
fear mongering garbage .
didn't help . pressure kept getting higher and higher , i would not recommend it to anyone nor would i use it again for
purchased a plastic bath brush for half the price it's holding up well . this product will not last you .
this game is not very good i played it once when i downloaded it and deleted it immediately . really bad .
don't work with my sound dock bose need to be more specific the recommend this product to model device thanks
don't buy it because it does not fit with teeth . always check with the dentist before buying such products . regret it .
panda face peeled after the first day . no more panda face .
i did not like these . i found they fit a bit small . they were not very flexible , and were rough .
i bought this thinking it would be a nice casual shirt for work . this is an oddly fitting sweatshirt . returned !
sizing for a women was not correct . should have been noted up front about how to order . all are uni sized .
cannot play
strong contender for the worst album of all time
it's nice but to small for my usual size . i just wasted my money . i don't wanna buy any more . it's sad
i expected this dress to be beautiful but the fabric was blah at best . i would not recommend this dress .
the top crossing of the right foot does not fit , it is extremely tight . i am disappointed in this sandal .
i was disappointed . did sophia get her inheritance . i'm sorry i can't recommend this book to anyone . a cliffhanger ? yes
most slots give you something . this gives you nothing . what a complete waste of time and energy for absolutelynothing .
case on first use and the chuck is stripped now . repairs seem to take forever .
story was too dark for me i read it b c others rated it high though my preferences are obviously different .
it was suppose to be a travel it is only . '' the base is to big .
this app was horrible and didnt help at all i uninstalled it right away wasnt of any use to me !
not sure if these were factory seconds , but they were not size . even though that's what they were marked .
other then the layout of the app , nothing about this game has anything to do with walking dead . pretty disappointing .
this book was pointless and confusing . the entire book was a steady plateau with no climax and a slight resolution .
way too elementary . some things just don't work as an ebook . glad i had the points to make this free .
didn't work but a few minutes . piece of junk . although priced less than elsewhere , i'd never waste money on it .
this book is cheesy and kind of boring . i was looking for a little interesting reading but this wasn't it .
not too bad a game but my kindle was too full with other apps so chose this one to delete !
exact same boots . no kidding . go to patagonia's website or at least check it to be sure . is .
pretty nasty . do not waste your money .
bought the same one at lowes broke in three days took back . would not buy . total china ripoff . gets worse year .
this was not what i was expecting . i guess i should have read about it a bit more before buying .
just read the other star reviews . i won't bother retyping what they already say .
the case looks good but does not work well at all . the back to this case does not stay on !
takes a while to get a reliable reading . broke after months of daily use , doesn't light up any more .
gave it as a gift . found out that the pearl on one fell out the first time it was worn
shipped the wrong items
hard to get the phone out and handle came off in less than a week . i do not recommend this
when the decal arrived it was warped and fell apart when i tried to put it on , waste of money
it was said to be navy blue . it is blue but not navy . this is all the words i have .
chip easy , too hot to hold handle after min in microwave . would never buy again . look nice but junk .
the ball does not respond like other bowling games . it is all over the place . i really regret this purchase .
doesn't stain turquoise , only light blue even if you use bottles . so don't try it . waste . of money money
i ordered two light bulbs but only one actually worked . the other one didn't light up since it was delivered .
i hate this book ! i dont understand why i keep reading them ! waste of my money . why why why ugh !
did not enjoy this rendition of praise him . clicked on the wrong song . i did purchase the other two intended versions .
not as sturdy as i expected from a brinkmann brand . i don't expect it to last long .
works initially but continually drops signal once an hour afterwards . it is just plain junk soon to find my trash .
product has a crease in itno applicator or cleaning cloth was includedi will not buy this item again
i received the wrong item i order a diamond black and i got a clear one not satisfy at all
doesn't work at all ! the body fat function is a joke ! don t spend money on it ! does't worth at ll
only watched one episode . too much emphasis on unstable person .
not what i wanted , tried to edit so item , would not allow me to do so . looking more expense report .
not the game i was expecting . i play another version and its much better . do not play often , it at all .
not a full edition ! need i say more ? front page info is good but the rest is junk !
didn't realize this one has no suction cups . would not recommend this one . do not like it . needs the suction cups .
do not buy this if you enjoyd the original starwars . it's dissapointing to say the least .
print is starting to rub away . transfer of dye from clothing is fading the white to pink . gets dirty quick
very comfortable , made of quality materials but sound quality is not up to it's nice looks . great bass , recessed thin midrange .
not what i thought it would be . purchased in error . would not purchase had i known what it contained . that's it .
does not work . waste of money . don't bother ! was hoping to entertain my toddler but app is broken . oh well .
the device stopped working after a month . i was very annoyed because this is the second one i have purchased .
didn't work for my jacket at all ended up taking it in for complete zipper repair . would not recommend at all .
noise cancellation feature is great but they generate a weird humming noise when active
item does not work for bose sounddock , also specifications were not explained clearly it does not work do not buy .
charger took a long time to charge phone then stopped working after a week ! save your money , do not buy
not much there picture not crisp and clear
don't like it , it gets hot to quickly
did not hold my earring waste of money .
arrived dented and deformed .
do not waste your money on this , it will not stick to anything . it came loose and broke my screen .
don t buy this product . they have no customer service . my account as been disabled for weeks and they won t respond .
they were huge and we returned them they are meant to go over heavy work boots not shoessorry they didn't work .
difficult to follow plotno intrigueinitial set up of importance of characters not sufficiently deveolped allowing plot to take hold
this antenna didn't pull in even close to the amount other antennas did no matter what i tried .
no wonder it was free app of day from amazon . it is lame . for amazon sake they should not endorse lame app .
nice case . but each corner broke off after just a few weeks . not durable
wein products w sshshs it does not work with my nikon d . the camera will not flash . can i return it ?
what a rip off this product is i should have sent it back but now it is too late .
this was my fault for not checking these out . they are nothing but thin trash bags . would never order again
product did not work . pain in the rear to install on bike to have it not work was quite irritating
this movie should be good . yeah right ! think of it as meet the parents with racist jokes .
doesn't work properly each attachment measures a different temperature .
like the color , but stand keeps falling down . doesn't close properly , so screen comes off and on all the time .
excited to play this app . but wont let me download . very frustrated and wont try to download again . very disappointed
i thing they suck beacues all the song are the same , just different title name . they suck
sound quality was not very good . it drained battery within a day or two . it ended up throwing it away .
i've never had a clock gain time so quickly ! i have to manually set it every month . it's a joke .
i thought i was buying a book , not the preview to a book . pages ! next time i will look .
this to me was a let down after reading bills other books . sorry , defiantly lacked humor but not profanity . h . bumper bauer
no instructions .
apple sync usb data cable charger for iphone , s , , gs . was way too short . length was not specified clearly .
all i keep asking myself is why ? why did i buy this game ? must have been some old pirate curse .
not poorly written , but not much substance either . no back story on why events were occurring , characters not fully developed .
it didn't have an ad in the center of the screen blocking out part of the puzzle . i uninstalled it .
i bought this as a gift and was very disappointed in it . it is very cheaply made .
the title is a lie , it is only a data cable . the last time i buy anything from blue mall
has advertisements that are nto good for kids don't download !
not what i thought they would be . cardboard pop outs . not for me . might be good for a child's room
because zero was not an option . dull and uninspired . absolutely a dud do not waste your time on this one .
i know that the times crosswords are difficult , but this book has such old references , it's just not fun ! 's
not even lighting up in complete darkness . defective item i guess . my kiddo is pretty sad about it . not happy !
these were cute until the stem broke off within an hour of wearing them . very cheap material ! would not recommend .
face n face women's crossover v neck cap sleevevery poor material like halloween custom . i am petites but not fit me .
this game didn't work on my son's xbox i don't now why but i will try to fix it
the silver ring around the apple icon , came off about a weel later . cheaply made
the book was to short for me but they were well written shorty stories would recommend if you like them
i bought cases i didn't like them they didn't shoot straight and blew or .
very elementary sounding . the themes are not very interesting . i expected the pianist to be a little more professional sounding
this fightstick was a lot of fun but it broke with a week , terrible quality
cups are made in china poor quality crack , liquid gets between layers , dark drinks stain cup can't clean easily
size is not the way i ordered them . the jeans came as wx l not what i wanted . will be returning them
functional and gets the job done , quality leaves a little to be desired but for the price who can complain .
the traps stopped working after we caught two mice . the plastic catch doesn't catch anymore and we threw them away .
this is such a bad item . worst product i ever bought ! poor quality . don't waste your money . misrepresented on website .
don't try self portraits . you'll have turned years old by the time focus locks on to your face . bzzzzz . bzzzt . bzzzz .
very poorly written book , requires a complete re write before being sold to the general public .
boring . so dumb . graphics poor and sound terrible . i don't know who would say this is good but it ducks .
when i received this item , it arrived in an already opened package . i expect more from amazon .
i don't like how dull everything looks through this cover . get the high def version and you'll be much happier .
piece of crap . confusing , even when reading the instructions . i ll never purchase this brand again . i heard polar was good .
dont work really good they dont charge
very dated in both writing and content .
my kids didn't like this too lumpy for them .
calculator was defective . some numbers would not appear when selected . will have to return it . don't recommend using this vendor .
this charger is terrible . it does not charge your phone ! i would suggest you to go into store and purchase .
did not like this product . would not install correctly and collects a lot of dust that is difficult to remove
these fall apart almost immediately . don't waste your money . i like the concept , but these are sorry toys . not good .
it doesn't really do much . the powder doesn't seem to stick very well . i do not recommend purchasing this product .
did not send the right product , they sent me instead of the charger data cable and cd .
shameless double dipping . anyone who buys this blu ray just encourages the movie producers to continue this kind of ripoff .
i chose this because kiki is kind of boring and stupid all u do is just sit there and text
if i wanted a padi open water course lecture i would have ordered one . not a buy in my book
waste of time and money for me . i only bought it for audio books . the product materials are nice though .
i really like the weather channel app better .
not durable , fingers are thin and lanky , and does nothing to add warmth beneath other gloves . would not recommend this item .
we dislike this product , it is to tight , and doesnt work right , and would not order product like this again .
thought it would be better than video special seen on pbs . cd need more songs .
item looked very old out from an old stock room but item was not bad was us full for porpoises
this would have been perfect if you had sent the wheels and sleeves .
batteries included almost completely dead
this app is totally unnecessary and i would not recommend it to anyone , even though it was a free download .
do not buy ! dangerous ! peppermint oil is highly toxic to cats . don t use !
terrible attempt at being 'edgy' . made no point at all , not worth your time . just watch something else , anything else .
blades dull after days , i shaved my head every other day and my face every day . i don't recommend
the cover made it difficult to use the buttons . i wont be using it . i might be sending it back .
it has no meaningful content that touches your heart . at the end i was ok , then what ?
this backpack needs a waist belt to relieve the pressure off the shoulders . the inside of it is well organized .
i couldn't get it to grow
working good but , this is really hard to install
does not wok
a waste of time . luckily i bought the ebook version and saved a tree . at free cost , it is too expensive .
it was not what i wanted
i can't send or receive pics with this phone . that's the only problem i have with this phone so far
this produce is completely cheap within the first week over of the stones have fallen off . do not buy .
shields don't stick on phone come off when you install cover
would only charge to two bars , after months it will not hold a charge . i will not buy again .
awful . these stakes bend so easily in rocky ground . just worthless . half of them were bent in our first outing !
the quality is nice but i got the wrong size . can i change it with a bigger size if it's possible ?
i used the battery straight out of the package , doesn't even light up or charge . definitely disappointed with this product .
products did not work properly , even when changing batteries ! one did not work unless you held it a certain way !
ordred what i thought to be aqua socks and didn't realize tey are for flippers
the scale won't turn off unless i remove the battery , and the vendor is non responsive .
this bar spoon is rather cheaply made and un aesthetically pleasing . well it was cheap so what did i expect ? hm
the cover keeps falling off my son . this was my first try in using these . i will stay with disposable .
it broke the first day my son is yrs old and it didnt hold up .
the product was not trimmed properly . the quality was poor at best . it did fit the otterbox but looked horrible .
this is not a standard track size and the photo looked like it was . it is really small . my bad .
it is simply a rehash of past episodes . should not be considered a series !
stopped charging after a week . this is total junk , avoid purchasing these . guess you get what you pay for . avoid !
dinky . would not buy it again . small , minute , teeny weeny , don't know wha ti was expecting but this is too small .
i liked the case but it kept turning my screen off . couldn't use my ipad when the case was on .
don't buy it . don't buy it . don't buy it . after one month , this one was die . when using it , unstable , hot .
color wasn't what i expected . it was described as green , but it was more brown . i returned this item . thank you .
i suppose you get what you pay for but hope its better than that . only hopes though .
this strip of fabric does not do a darn thing . it went into the garbage immediately after opening the bag .
basic recipes which are ok . not a single photo makes the book boring . definately not a must have .
i don't know why i bothered to finish it . poor writing , not historically correct . character development awful . no redeeming value .
i like the easy use and especially the results afterwards . the pluses for using this product are way above average .
paid . for federal and now it's asking for . for state e file . why ? really ? beware . this product is sketchy .
this did not fit my tab , however it was so cheep that it costs more to send it back .
was so puzzled why a matte sealer spray is glossy ! thought perhaps when dry , would change . no . oye and vey !
very small and not very useful , very disappointing , bbb bbb bbbb bbb bbb bbb bbb bbb bbb bbb bbbb bbb
it stopped so many times ! it took me to watch more than hours for two hours and some movie .
the wand broke within . minutes of my son using it ! would only recommend for kids under .
nice design and good finish but not adjustable so suitable only for chunky spectacles or sunglasses to stay put . pity .
crap design , came broken , or defective . spent a few more bucks and got the cree version and love those
very worse movie of the three , was the last . b ulimatum a collection of non associated garbage first where great john s .
kanji characters like card and card are printed incorrectly different from what you'll see if you type them .
pants are a bit thin . should have got bigger size but i don't think i can return .
plus . . for pies ? ! you'd have to be high on drugs to order this , seriously .
could be good . but very slippery sides . not an improved grip . but it did fit well but not usable for me
it is too small for my carseats . it would be a great idea if it fit ! i have a britax
first app i ever bought , and it doesnt install to my lg optimus s . waste of money , i miss my iphone
don't eve bother ! it's a waste of your time , safe yourself the agony , believe me , it's worse than just bad !
these papers tore on every roller . never again . waste of time and
no revelations . no strong direction . not even relevance to the amazon visit . disappointment . i wish the interviewer had better questions .
i returned the charger as it would not hold my phone with the protective shell i have on the phone .
this quot game quot is pretty stupid . all youu do is rub ur finger on the poop to clean wax it . wow
sending the boots back . cheap looking and cheap man made material . i am very afraid that the boots will rip .
cheap elastic straps and plastic hooks immediately broke . not a quality product . i do not recommend purchase of this item .
no difference taking it or not taking it . the only difference was in my wallet . i do not recommend it .
i got taken on thisit is not a will oldham bonnie prince billie palace cd
full of scratches on the back when it arrived . definitely not recommended . i would have returned it if i could .
leaked around the metal fitting first time it was used , so had to send it back . don't recommend .
for something you buy new you get an inferior scratched copy inseadthis is the worse place ever to buy dvds
it was used not brand new ! not packed very goodi didnt like anything about itit was a waste of money !
the mat can't be used for yoga . it is very stretchy , moves too much and is not at all sticky .
did not fit . nicked corner of phone . do not buy waste of money . feels like crap . cheap junk . junk . junk . no bueno
a page turner to the very end . expectations did not compare to results . trifling is definitely an accurate title . yes !
these jeans were tight on my husband and the crotch ripped out after wearing one time . horrible . want a refund .
i am beyond frustrated with the way this handles paper . it jams constantly . i wish i had never purchased this .
it didn't suck anything up . i went out and bought a standard black and decker and it works much better .
i'm disappointed as the packet is a few years old . i was a little surprised by this . hope they sprout !
also pauses game while you are playing to advertise other apps . removed after just few minutes of game play . terrible !
taste makes me gag
regrettably one of the least justifiable appropriations of paper in history .
seeds never germinated , it took forever to receive the seeds .
i had it weeks and it's already flat and won't hold air . that' all i have to say about that .
after first wash comforter faded and now it just looks faded compared to the rest of the set very shabby
not clearly written jumps around and not understandable liked some of the reading wish the actual diet was clearer would not recommend to others
it didn't work . i should have known better based on the really low price versus in the store .
they are really snug and i bought them a half size larger and i really can't feel the memory foam
my son uses on shoes and this slippers are small than shoul be . sorry about my english . thank you
piece of crap ! waste of bucks , won't hold a charge , lame ! not happy with purchase , don't buy this people !
don't work
difficult to use !
i thought it had a bitter orange flavor , however my husband and friend liked it .
not good connection . the connection breaks in between calls which is very irritating . the logitech should do a better job .
cheap , lightweight and made in china . i would not trust it to carry a small log let alone a load .
part of the plant was dead when it arrived and the rest died within week . very disappointed .
the zippers zipped right off . do not buy .
i started watching this movie and it just stopped in the middle of it . now it won't play at all .
arrived broken !
las canciones de este cd no son originales . son tocadas por orquestas de segunda categoria . no pierdan su dinero .
i loved the wallet but it gets dirty too fast i'm guessing because of the material and the light color .
when i tried the sandals , i found that it fit a little small and uncomfortable . would not recommended for wider feet .
this product is ok product gets dirty easy and the stand on the back fell off .
way too small !
feet is a stretch , had lines all through picture . sent back for a ft . version which works perfectly .
it did not fit my sirus radio . it says it would fit xmp but it didn't . thus it was returned .
this product is my worst amazon purchase yet . very flimsy ! i am disappointed .
it's not really that good and i don't think the same time you need to be a vampire here h
honestly people need to stop making stuff that doesnt work . just waste of time , money and hope for me
the picture when searching is packs . a little miss leading when it shows up and its a single pack
not great . cannot figure out how to get it off my kindle . wasted space . sorry that i wasted my time .
never got a the code been waiting about half a hour . hope i get the code so i can play
this book was apparently written for kids because no adult would want to read something so boring . don't even bother
it dosn't work
i have three words to describe this toy . piece of trash ! microphone doesn't work , stand is not durable , complete trash , etc .
this necklace broke immediately . the circle part snapped . she does like chewing on what's left . i wouldn't get it again .
i thought the calendar would have more body to it , the paper is very thin won't last very long
looks nice , but lasted about a week until it fell apart , don't recommend purchase at all . didn't bother to return it either threw away .
the product barely made a difference even after applying multiple times . i suggest you take a pass on this one .
this conversion is a great concept but the item does not work as indicated . requesting a return !
this wasnt used long enough to see results because it made me break out so bad i stopped using it
a woman who thinks freedom is being a slave to her passions , no matter whom they hurt . glad it's a fiction .
still couldn't open adobe flash files after installing it . i'm not sure this app was intended for the kindle fire .
i liked the fact it went on easy , but the screen has a grainy look about it . you can't see clearly .
the size was way off . what a waste . will not purchase again .
returned this product after finding it at a much lower price via the production company . great lip protector , horrible price .
my ring neck would not touch it . i purchase cuttlebone at the local pet store that my bird would use .
very few pages with nothing that can help a lot . dont recommend it at all . the price shows it all .
this dosnt charge my phone more than it's defiantly a ripoff . don't buy unless you like getting counterfeit items .
in google store it already update version , but in amazon appstore it not update ,
this thing is too short the oxo metal one works much better and i hate this one waste of money
the noise canceling never did worked , the cord is difficult to retract and when i bend over they fall off .
the sunglasses look good but are too heavy and keep slipping down my nose . they definitely are not comfort fit .
it's hard to appreciate danzig anymore since his voice is shot , this cd proved it , i miss the old days .
was lacking flavor would not reorder this item .
won't work on boat , it bends when trys to clamp down , . poor quality , u get what you pay for here
do not list as a bandana if it is not a bandana . i was looking for a bandana ! false advertising
tore down the seem in one week , thought they'd last longer then that . looked good , just didn't hold up well .
the quality of the product wasn't what it used to be . it's not super absorbent anymore . it is a shame .
float switch worked fine for two weeks , and then it stayed on all the time . this product is not recommended .
these shed but the shipping is decent and i think you would like it for a night out or something
the only thing i got from this product was a headache and no weight loss not even a ounce . .
i find the actual board game is better
very uncomfortable wont stay in place unless glue them on to the shoe
may as well wait a few months for this to be at the clearance rack at the bookstore for . .
wanted to laugh super hard and didn't . not half as funny as talladega nights , blades of glory , or step brothers .
too ugly for my cool bike . i have it posted on craig list for sale now .
not so easy to install
wo , wo , wo is not an owl soundit is not for outdoorsi recommend this to noone . thoroughly disgusted
c grade movie with a poor story
never goint to buy this product again . this is no good . dont sale something that no working . ok . please d
it doesn't work very well . the tape will stay on for a couple of minutes and then start peeling off .
i've not got my package . i don't know where it is . maybe they play outside i don't know .
did not like the screen protector what so ever . i will never get a product from skinomi techskin ever again
avoid this game at all costs . it is terrible , droll , boring and pointless . i guess you get what you pay for . free .
looked nice , but i had an allergic reaction to the filler my sinuses swelled shut , so i'm sending it back .
wasn't what i expected . did not read fluently . but i'm not an expert . hopefully you'll find peace when reading this .
my granddaughter that i bought it for was not interested in this doll . i should have sent it back . waste .
really boring i fell asleep watching it
this is a v adapter the medela instyle uses a v . do not buy this one .
it not creamy like it says i thought it would be smoother to apply i regret buying this product . bad
originally ordered this product but was instead sent individual packets not what is described in picture . will not order again
didn't work , as with the majority of free apps for kids , all that showed was ads . removed from my device .
the plot was ok but it could've be great . kind of confusing at times with the constant switching between characters .
center corer too small , dosen't cut all the way threw apple , you have too pick pieces out and pull apart
i thought for the price i paid i was receiving as shown in the picture . i received only one .
if you can't tell the differance between the men's and ladies watches , i'll take my business elsewhere . amazon . get a clue
nice product packaging was also good and is very easy to sue and to store would recommend it to others
this product is of poor sound quality . very dissapointed . was going to give as a gift . didn't give it away .
not worth the money can use good quality hair care products and get better results . save your money , your welcome .
dots on picture are green they sent a white set . i was very disappointed . it was the wrong set
returned item because it was not compatible . i am disappointed that the shipping cost was .
not what i expect , and not all the station working ! need to update the software . any way it's not worthy .
we got left sides and the quality was not as good as previous ones we had on previous occasions .
i chooseed this reated because the model's shoes is ok butit didn't fit as well as i was expecting .
sent me very worn sandals . not happy . item looked like it was from a garage sale . well worn , definitely not new .
couldn't use it at all . deleted it from my machine . not worth the time to down load it at all .
many of the clips have broken with first use .
they don't fit the ice pops that we buy
they changed colors within a week of use , which sucked . i love bamboo earrings but they werent very good quality .
this products are to small for my baby head and feet . i can't used it . its a wasted of my money
thought this was cloth band but it is plastic dies not shape and chain closure is it good
i had to input the country i wanted to look at every time i opened the application . i was frustrating .
this apps uses of the map screen for nothing . you cannot see a full screen of the weather map .
i try to use this as a pen for write but doesn't work is very sticky and very small .
horrible , the internal check valve doesn't work , let gas leak out all over me , and bike . don't buy this crap
broken in places with one week of use .
they don't keep my hands any warmer then a pair of three dollar jersey gloves would . don't waste your money .
this product did not work with my iphone s
don't buy these pellets . nearly a third are bent damaged . waste of money .
for i didn't expect them to be coming apart at the seams after less than a month of wear .
item is not soft . great looking graphics though if you want to use for decoration . don't plan to sleep on it .
not very soft material at all . the skin was so thick you couldnt feel the vibration . a waste of money .
this is junk same your money ! this did not work at all for me so i sent it back .
well im happy my computer works again , but for a high performance battery im not impressed . laptop battery only last an hour .
cords damaged upon arrival .
this ebook was not that helpful and had a lot of obvious tips and ideas . would not recommend this one .
had high hopes that this would help me sleep better , but alas , it did not . have no more to say .
it's a trilby
just waste the money on this product , color isn't goodi wouldn't recommend it to anyone to buy this product .
after the first lights it stops working ! and don't bother trying to refill it , that's an exercise in futility .
it has protected my phone the numerous times i dropped it , but the top corner has torn .
not what i really needed and it did not fit as neededi would like to checkout something else . robert
this was a waste of time and money . it broke within a week , and didn't stick to the fridge at all .
poor quality . was not clean .
ignoring all attempts for a return . deliver was missing an item and all requests to return are ignored . china involved
the cord length is only about feet which is not mentioned in the description .
deber iacute a ser en espa ntilde ol porque no todas las personas saben tanto ingl eacute s como otros que son expertos en este idioma
i got the case and within a week of use the shiny plastic piece broke off wasnt even good quality
it don't fit my phone right . i have to keep snapping it back in place . i was expecting something better .
noe's work claims a solely scriptural basis , yet he abuses scripture from a faulty hermeneutical premise .
it works but causes rash and burns . speedo said sorry . that's the way it is made . amazon immediately refunded my money .
. as nauseating and self congratulatory as the catalogs used to be only not as well written .
the characters were good but the story lacked a beginning and an end .
it was ripped
it would have worked fine if this is what we expected but i wanted the part with the round bulges !
bad , not recommended at all , because i get the pair of shoes for the same foot that terrible mistake . bad
i bought to convert my clock radio . my new iphone c will charge but music doesn't play through radios speakers .
the lifebox case is a far cry from the lifeproof case . the case muffles sound incoming and outgoing tremendously . disappointed !
i'm very disappointed that almost entire cd is in english . she sounds so romantic in french .
kitty loverslitter maid lm is a smart buy for custom cabinets that conceal kitty litter trays .
i thought it was taylor swift singing it when i bought it and when i played it i was disapointed
they send my dress to germany instead of florida , so here i'm waiting to see what is going to happen
i placed the order approximately a month back and have not recieved as yet . i am totally disappointed by the service
that cover photo looks enticing doesn't it ? it sure fooled me . don't waste your money on this garbage .
don't waste your money will not work with cable tv even though it has the option for other than air
downloaded , would not play . foreclosed on my . galaxy tab so uninstalled it . can't say how it plays , never got that far . so , good luck
cable does not work intermittently . i will not buy againworks for some of the videos . streamin stops in the middle
i bought this for my kindle , but it is hard to navigate . there are probably better options out there .
but that doesn't mean it won't work for others . i don't understant the need for a minimum word requiremement here !
quality so bad . shoes make my wife foor and socks . blackhow can you sell this shoes to other people ?
taste horrible . not what i expected . .
not easy to apply . and therefore of no use despite repeated attempts . save your . don't buy this . really disappointed .
the collar was not inches . i placed it on my dog and had to cut it off . not happy
it's possible gonzo drank himself to death after hearing the final results of this record ?
i've used english solutions for years , they no longer make it , this is about a compared to ei .
the saying you get what you pay for rings true here . break easy and will not stay on your ear .
i was hoping to learn more about the man
good graphics game is not it very fun to play . my copy stopped working after weeks .
these did not do as said . they had lint under them and it would not come off thus causing bubbles .
worked for about days then simply stopped working . for days it worked well !
it was ok for the price id rather just get a d , cheaper , more product and it feels better too
sound is crackily
the fox tail was much smaller than anticipated and not as fluffy . i expected more but oh well i guess .
solar part does not work , buy for plug in only because i'm afraid that all you'll get !
not very happy with this
not good at all
i would not recommend this product . feels sturdy but skip it . buy something else . this is not worth the money .
don't buy ! don't buy ! don't buy ! , never got my order . one star is very generous , negative star is more accurate !
i bought the waterpik for an aunt , unfortunately she plugged it directly to and burnt it .
big , long , with errors not only typos , but actual html errors and basically obsolete .
do not waste your money ! cheap material and zipper broke the first week ! save your money and do not buy !
does not fit my sandisk clip player . looks like it was designed for a phone not a mp music player .
stopped working after month . all buttons are stuck . didn't work so well in the first place .
another disappointment . this is a discontinued product from healing garden . it really has lost its scent .
constantly buffering and small movie selection . not worth the time or frustration . really ? this is the best you can offer ?
not a professionally made recording , but stars for good effort .
i barely started using it and the color of the eyes started fading away . not worth the purchase . blah . .
used the mach for years , switch up the m blade . worst mistake . over engineered the bladeds clog up . do not buy
it tastes nothing like guacamole . it tastes like ranch but with way less flavor . get something better with your money .
just did not like this game as well as phrase with friends . like to make words but not this game
the button is on the end and if you accidentally touch it it changes . it's not what i expected but .
they are adorable , but useless . too small to swaddle or even bundle , and not warm enough to cover baby .
i received the wrong item , returned this item for the correct item , but have not received the new item yet
came quickly , but the product is cheap and already in the garbage !
what a bomb ! so disappointed for coldplay witj this cd . was a true waste of money .
even after six applications , it didn't peel or loosen the raised , crusty spots on my skin as i had hoped .
horrible quality , almost illegible . don't waste your money on this crap . not worth hanging on your wall . an insult to sox fans ! usmarine
the grammy voters are out of touch with music critics . this may as well be now .
did not realize this was just a larger e reader . thought it was a kindle . my fault , didn't read the description .
maybe it works for some but not for me . a little pricey too .
i sent this knife back . it seemed cheaply made and had dark spots on the blade . it was pretty disappointing .
i feel like the author is trying to copy anne mccaffrey and there is no way that could ever happen !
does fit snug .
these are for very small fingersi will not be using them , except possible the thumb pickmade in china
itty bitty just be warned when it said stove top safe i was figuring a bit bigger for the burner .
found this story disgusting . i'm fairly open minded but this story just pushed my limits for how revolting it was .
waited too long to install , thereby my return period had expired , should have installed as soon as i received it
do not know what to say about this one . its just like the rest . under reading level type book
end up giving it my wife it was not iphone g sob ! . j duncan
shoes to small good in material but just not big enough very narrow at the tip of the shoe smh
i cannot kneel on my knee and many of these poses require that . not really what i was looking for .
i didn't get beyond the first few pages . this book was pretty boring to me and very vanilla in content .
clock feel appart when i was trying to move it . clock must be placed against a solid background to view .
could not get it to work and figure i just wasted my money on some garbagewouldn't recommend it to anyone
it is highly overpriced and misleading to write that it is supposed to be six bottles , i only received one .
the digital recorder editor has not worked . i've been on the line with customer service . just horrible . look elsewhere .
i could really use this , my fingersare so beg , it is difficult to push thee littlr buttons on my phone .
do not buy this productcame all broken and after assembling did not flyis a bad producti will never buy this
these items are garbage . not worth going the cheap route , these devices are a waste of money . avoid . . .
dead on arrival , returned .
i saw the two lights and was in a hurry , all you get is one light and a sticker . beware !
the magnet dislodged very quickly after a while disappointing
it shucksshucks just f f hshxjthe bc heh x crush xxx heilongjiang saga dc jan dc hanna dc hqjcshucks
didn't work for me . my major issue is bloating , i don't have the hot flashes or sweats . i'll keep looking .
there is only one real regiment in the british army and this book tells you all you need to know .
these are longer than any . dress shoe i own . they are also wide . i would not recommend these shoes
as far as i know , it is still sitting in a warehouse in new jersey .
if you are looking for the director's cut , forget it . this is the theatrical version . don't waste your time . booo !
poorly built and broke already . i thought i was going to be satisfied but it doesn't fit as i expected
be wary of any reviews from g clark toronto . he's a carson dunlop executve
scuff marks all over face of disc larry l . phipps
doesn't have subtitles or closed captioning .
same as everyone else , it seems the markings washed of in the dishwasher . which is pretty amazing , being this .
don't buy
we cant get it to work with our nook tablet
trying to chill a bottle of wine or champagne did not work successfullywould not recommend it . sorry about that
not toasting righr at all !
the item is intended to make bread slicing easier , well it doesn't fulfill its objectives at all . waste of money .
do not buy this product ! short in the cable when i received it ! doesn't work , it's a waste of money !
depressing . character development unrealistic . plot line ? does it exist ? .
i am a huge tc boyle fan but this book was just not up to snuff . formulaic ! hated it !
unit had a warm up problem . did not work properly
this must be a mistake . this is priced . over the . , full retail price direct from kodak !
only enough to make tub of bubbles . the other stuff isn't that great . the fake cucumbers were a hit .
i got this today and i'm going to return it . there isn't anything in this book that i wold make .
cheaply made product , hard to get your pills out , does not seal out water , threw it in the trash can
i was disappointed in the pillows because the solid latex foam was not the high quality i expected from simmons .
the first day i bought it it broke when i put it on . definitely not for protection . not worth it .
like most of the other reviews it's a waste of time money don't bother .
very cheap material but what do you expect for the price of it . my kid didn't see to care though .
not happy , didn't work . drank water like i was supposed to , exercised like i always do and i gained weight .
beautiful top . runs too small . very loose on top and tight on the belly . olian always makes quality items still .
the print was not giant at all , similar to regular print
very dry reading . can't hand a candle to the love and logic concepts and books .
only lasted a few weeks
can not trust them . the label indicated kindle hd , and the contents who knows did not come close to fit .
the grassroots songs are not the original artists ! this is a k tel deception cd !
very cheap and not usefull especially if you have feet over a size . don't waste your money .
not a book i would recommend . too simplistic not up to the level of a rachel pollock or mary greer book .
they are too large , the size does not match . coloring is not the same as in the picture . i dislike it .
no plot mindless sex did i say no plot bad review
thi case is junk would not fit phone are stay on phone right . totaly crappie would not buy it again . sorry
this epilator broke after a month . it really sucks and i don't advise anyone buying it . it is a disposable item .
the advertisement shows a bonnet with a large comical brim . the actual product is more like a glorified shower cap .
there wasn't much in this book . i the cover looks good but nothing else . waste of time , don't even bother
ordered by mistake . i thought it was a dvd writer . ships from china
it didn't do a very good job of getting rid of stains or any type of dirt on my rugs carpets .
the plastic window that shows the id came damaged so an annoying black mark is shown prominently across my face .
horrible , not really entertaining for little kids . right now i am trying to figure out how to delete this book .
i got em cuz i had never heard of them and had to try em . i wasn't impressed . i wouldn't bother .
you can easily find this plush dwarf in store at when on sale . also shipping was quite slow .
one day after i received this product , the cage holding came apart . it is very cheaply made , use your money for something else .
not a book to make you feel good . depressing . i really didn't enjoy the book or the plot at all .
wasn't the right song
cheep no good built cheep broke right out of the box don't wast your money smels bad unit was broken
not compatible with cloud based printertryed four times to connect to wireless net workno place to install printer cd
these pins are known as scrappers . they are not officially produced by disney but are cheap overuns or knocks off's .
its inposible to download this i lost my money cause there is no return bad idea to order this download
would not recommend . this is a poor product . the life of the batteries is min without talking
this game sucks ! talk about one of the worst ones out there . i wouldn't have my worst enemy play this .
this is even worse than the original . do not see it . enough said .
wore the same size my whole life . cant wear these . nike makes terrible running shoes . buy something like asics now .
not impressed looks rather cheap but hey for the price it is what it is .
i bought this for my tacoma because it said it would fit . negative ! bosch is the correct fit .
this was damaged when i received it i tried to get the broken tray out and it shattered even more .
didn't came whit the eagle on center that it supoust to have but it didn't so didn't meet my expectations
broke after five minutes . not well made , small , not worth the price ! not at all impressed . . i question the high reviews .
stop working after . days . poor quality . they should pay mor eacute attention . i gave as a present yo my daugter
this stiff is all peely after you start rubbing it in . very annoying and messy .
very pretty . just wish you could launder it . no zipper . haven't used it as don't want to get it dirty .
no cable reminds me of the days when printer companies made you go buy a cable . piece of plastic junk
doesn't look like the picture there are white are really big . don't get these . bad bad bad thing to get .
this ap sucks . can't watch esisodes of world's dumbest and that's why we downloaded it . can't seem to watch anything .
some of the shoes are defective and are peeled . estoy muy molesto los zapatos tienen un pelado y tienen defecto
poor construction . the corners of the flap started ripping a week after i started using it . don't waste your money buying
i don't fault the actors they did a great job with their characters . the story just didn't engage me .
wish i would not have purchased . looks so much better online . once we received it i was completely bummed !
very cheap . color falling off rim of plate
you draw and i did not want to draw . i wanted a picture app so , it did not work for me .
to me it was not exciting tami hoag style . it was rather confusing and i did not like the story .
the diet is far too hard to stick to . not many foods that i like are included in this plan .
does not absorb at all . they are comparable to a piece of paper in your bra . i would not recommend .
headphones arrived dead on arrival for christmas present , very disappointed , returned and bought much cheaper ones that actually worked , bummer .
this worked no better than my usual moisturizer , even on my fine lines , especially around my eyes and mouth .
not def leppard , very disappointed . singing isn't good . very very disappointing . i now know not to buy tribute albums ! sad !
the bible transformers
author has little historical knowledge , should be classed r ! lousy story content , but i don't think that was the focus !
my toshiba laptop did not recognize or charge this battery . the price was right but i had to return it .
out of work beyond return window do not purchase ! thumb drive style more reliable but larger
not good enought as a firewire card for flex radio sdr ham radios . do not recommend for heavy use .
not my style of movie .
ii am very disappinted because i didtn received my curtain yet . i am still waiting after more the a month .
the cable just dont send any signal , it just charges the phone but nothing else . i feel something like pissed off .
this book is dripping with the worst kind of technology hype . very few redeeming qualities . don't waste your time .
this frame was kind of cheap i opted to put them in a drawer until out next yard sale .
really pedestrian remixes of not the best songs . i love sergio mendes and good remix records and this was disappointment .
not happy with purchase . does not look like the picture . very poorly made .
the battery arrived in time , but no matter how i attempted to charge it would never accept a charge . useless
horribly noisy . is not quiet . don't purchase if you don't want to hear it run . nice size but not quiet
i bought this for a computer science class says gb came in the mail only mb of usable memory
dont buy , look at other brands . larger the dia the quieter it will be
i used for three months color chane to yellow stay away from thisi never buy it again no no
after week of use the material started wearing through . it was like walking on concrete . no softness at all .
it's not very bright . u have to have all three together and it's still not bright . not a good purchase
sorry i don't found good results after used in d white crest . i will go to dental clinic for good results
i followed the washing instructions to a t and the towels frayed at the sides . what a waste of money .
i have seen several incredibly comfortable office chairs for about . who would pay this for a chair pillow ?
whatever happened to decent quality ? this think is crap , pure and simple .
please read the following research report . this stuff is poison to your pet , don't harm your pets please . the ingredient lufenuron is harmful . .
this book is written for financial advisor's not individual investors . i found it boring and not very helpful .
it was not what i expected and could not get into reading it at all . would not suggest it for others
poorly made , the handle on the zipper came off after just one use . it's plastic , looks plastic and very cheap .
some ideas are interesting yet some such as becoming vegan are ridiculous !
cheaply made and another gimect for our kids to get hooked on and no educational value
product does not work . total waste of money .
hurt my stomach and made me sick . i couldn't use it . someone else may not have this problem . too bad
bought two and both touchscreens stopped working just a few days after the day warranty . ugh !
i used it religiously everyday and have not see any result at all i dont think this works at all
i feel i was mislead with this item . i was expecting a battery not a box for the battery , ugh
yeah , go ahead and buy this if you enjoy getting jittery and seeing double and oh yeah . not losing any weight !
seemingly good quality shoes but the shoes less than weeks to peel off . i do not recommend these shoes .
sar ah thornhillit was slow to read and i did not enjoy the story itself . i would not recommend it .
this is a good idea , but missed the mark . the volume is not much louder than my iphone or ipod .
what the hell is this
after day it chips . i had to repaint my nails daily so i am only giving it stars
i was very disappointed in this book . i was looking for specific answers and it was mostly rethoric .
too boring . a really good wasted in a tedious movie . it goes no where
this is not for a year old boy . would not recommend it to any of my friends with young boys .
i would gift this to a child or a petite adult . very tiny and delicate . the diamonds are really accents .
my daughter dropped it and it provided no support for her iphone . would definitely go for a more protective cover .
it looks like a polaroid printed on flimsy sticker material . i wouldn't ever stick it anywhere that might face weather .
the first one i got cracked . the replacement one also cracked . i would not recomend buying one . i liked it but keeps breaking .
just okay . i rarely look at it .
i found this cd very mediocre and uninspiring . i gave it away . i did not like it at all . very disappointing .
terrible movie . raunchy , disgusting . not even funny . save your money .
the phone case chips , i've only had it for week the paint is peeled off . will not recommend .
this package clearly says it is a variety pack of french vanilla , hazelnut , and caramel . i received no hazelnut k cups !
didn't love it . the band and face was too small for my taste . but it was very beautiful .
this book was awesome ! barbara mills is a book hero , she has taught my kids so much . thank you so much barbara
canopener motor appears to be working a lot slower than the previous one we replaced .
the second day , its broken . i dont recommend this to anyone . waste of money . . very much disappointed . .
i couldn't put anything into this thing . it's floppy and diss proportioned . waste of money . just buy a box . .
the description did not specify well enough the phone version this works with . does not sync with the iphone gs .
terrible product . not certified by apple and does not work . i will be requesting a full refund
the hook up would not allow me to use my existing surround sound house wiring and i returened it unused .
didnt like the quality of pictures , had to return .
the leather is thin and there were no choice of sizes . the gloves are too big . that was a waste .
this is a scam this book is just a couple of chapters trying to get u to buy series !
very confusing game . there is no game board and it's just a bunch of cards . my son looooooves the game .
long introductionwill need to have time with children befoere i can fully review this selection . then . i'll have more information .
i work at a video game store and this is a chinese fake i am very mad about this purchase .
it did not have the shiny mirror like finsih i was looking for . the polish started chipping the same day .
great product ! i ordered the spray and received the foam . not very happy with the outcome of your quality control !
a true rip off . bunch of platitudes and meaningless quotes . these are the eleven more words required . do not buy this book !
the battery does not last as long as all the reviews said and the battery stopped working after a month
all i can say is i'm glad this was only . because it is boring !
did not fit my machineuniversal is the company name not the product fitment my bad i guess ?
stylus scratches protector and leaves worse glare than without it . i guess you really do get what you pay for .
it was to small and it did not hold my waist in . i guess i need to get the right size .
do not buy this crap after months of use it crack the leather in half horrible shoes besides blisters
it didn't work for my samsung note and doesn't charge my note or my wife's samsung s active
i couldn't get this to work with either an xp or vista unit . it kept crashing my vista unit .
not much for me . bit lame .
it did not even last a month , the part where you screw it in came unglued and did not last
product never arrived , therefore i am extremely unhappy since this book was for a class .
that baby carry tv at all . i'm returning it .
very quick arrival , i can't wait to flavor my first batch of kombucha with the tart cherry and fresh ginger .
this one is cheap and looks like i got what i paid for . definitely , will not buy lian li again
did not receive all of the product . i only pack not a pack . thank you customer kathy burg .
returned after receiving because the warnings about caustic hazards and possible spontaneous combustion of applicators . would advise not to try .
the ad said it would fit my camera , but it did not come close . great price though ! no thanks .
too hard
the title is misleading , you only get one gauge , not twelve , as described . other than that , the gauge looks fine .
didn't work at all . ui needs to be cleaned up . more generic drivers should be added for canon pixma .
meh . formulaic and dull a perfect vehicle for richard gere , but a complete waste of susan sarandon's talent and time .
did not work at all . tape would not spool , the adat just sat there and hummed trying to spin it .
this trash is an embarrassment to the unfortunate reader and writer .
ringers is disjointed and slow moving . the overall quality is reminiscent of an unimpressive special feature on a movie dvd .
no connection at all didn't think the dialogue flowed at all . i love john goodman i just didn't think it worked
not sure what the hold up is today is july , . if there is a problem i should be informed
this is not what i expected i want the movie sond this i am not do this any more ok
was not gold ! and stones looked like the were gonna come out . there was a scratch on the heart too
i still can't find how to return a book to the lending library . i guess i need the dummies version
i would not recommend this product . it has a funny taste , all very weak , even the extra bold dark roast .
was not what i expected . was not satisfied at all with it . but thats just my opinion !
poor film quality , i didn't have the patience to watch today . perhaps another day . i do love a good western
this dress is to small . not my size . its to short . to tight and the zipper is hard to zip up .
boring . i think it was free so doesn't really matter . i guess if you have nothing else to do . jljkjlj
don't buy this . i had it for less than a year and it quit working . bad quality all around
had gone through two units , both powering up , and skipping over disks , showing no cd's . tried different cd's , same problem .
broke within first days without dropping it , simply by taking out of pocket . not as sturdy as it looks
this book is not good as a learning tool , it only gives or words of translation per page .
this is not worth . . it took me less than minutes to read and wasn't particularly good .
because disc works fine . but disc doesn't work at all . and now i have to send it back . not happy !
the black cartridges , both would not work , error messages , have not tried the color ones yet , will not buy again
gave my computer a virus . i cant use my google chrome anymore
the album seems disjointed or unfocused . do not waste your money unless you are a die hard ben harper fan .
the book starts off pretty good but falls off quickly . i gave up mid way and sold it at half price books .
this did nothing for my chair except flail around and get on my nerves . i would not recommend this product .
not my style of book , was not sure what was about , did not read whole description when purchased , my fault
out of date . guess this is buyer beware , just really not appropriate to be selling . sorry i wasted my money .
they sent me a usb cord that was sent didn't fit the camera . it seemed too big for the camera .
this does not work for my iphone . it is way too big . not sure where to look from here .
the boots didn't come with fast laces but rather regular ones .
first wash and the blue came off mixing with the white , after its first wash it looks like old sheets .
we ordered this item . a shipment was quickly received , but the wrong model was sent . we returned the unit .
too thick to wear with flats
needs more info , not worth any money . i do not recommend . they won't let you submit . a bad review without hassle .
sorry to say i hated this smell and couldn't stand it ! i threw it away .
sound distort and crackle . poor sound quality , does not pick up low frequency . don't be fooled by just good looks .
snap on cover installed as advertised , however it made the phone to thick to fit into my belt cell phone case .
used a free gift card to get these , if not , i'd be pretty mad . two of the three didn't work .
starts a little slow but be patient . quick moving after that with quite a few unexpected plot twists . very enjoyable overall .
this book was interesting . the title will catch you and pull you in . then , it will be content .
this is basically just a pamphlet about the dukan diet . it has nothing to offer that i didn't already know
didn't like it . just not sophisticated enough . will not use or download again . probably won't write more reviews again either .
what was free ? they want you to pay for each level .
another amateur effort .
arrived with a expiration date .
the best part of this book was using the pages to line my bird cage .
this will last a long time , servicable and crispy fabric . over sized really big . nice color , roomey , warm and cumfy .
love timothy , but the show's writing and directing are bad . the first show was good , but the rest , meh meh
not standard threads , will not work on most shafts , made in china . so they will not work on most arrows .
the sparkles are glued on and messy , they constantly fall off and the backing of the phone is very rough .
cheap looking . didn't hold up . overpriced . sharp edges . not at all what i expected . i was very disappointed in these
one of the back panels didnt have the required holes making it unable to attach to the other pieces .
it stopped working after a few weeks . also it's too much like the silence within , if not exactly the same .
this album has better beats but j lo has such a bad voice that nothing can save her .
it's ok not as good as i hoped . this movie was sort of boring and no surprises . i was disappointed .
the characters were swollen with the script and never really sold the roles , was a real effort seemed over all .
it does not work with my iphone or ipod . it's an aftermarket product that has not been tested correctly .
broken black wire .
by far the worst book he has written . demille's strength is the political thriller . leave the bible to dan brown .
mine broke in after a week of use . i wished i had bought a more robust item . blah blah blah blah
this product i found more than half of them dont work upon opening them . save your money dont buy these .
genauso enttaueschend wie der erste teil . ich werde keine folgenden buecher kaufen . schade , der gedanke ist super aber nicht gut ausgefuehrt
too small , wong color
a real turkey !
awful book fort the age group recommended . bad language and connotation .
nice little ring . but really small stones . need a common item beside it to have comparison
cheap price cheap case i guess you have to spend a few bucks more to get any quality oh well
buffer spring wont go in . it wont fit in the cover either . complete waste of money . avoid this one not worth sending back
the size its wrong xxl its for medium to large size
the plug in part of this charger bent and then broke off within a month of use . don't waste your money .
after waiting for weeks , this item still was not ready to ship to me so i cancelled the order .
nunu i do not want to watch this movie i have no desire to ever watch this movie again peri
very poorly produced publication , more in the vain of the batty books , using recycled information and pictures , which is disappointing .
don't waste your money . garbage
what a bad experience with such an expensive shoe , the design does not allow feet perspiration out of the shoes .
harsh
not playing all region like say
not foil , product is made of paper , not suitable for use
thin piece of plastic broke on first day of use . not very sturdy . flimsy . color was nice . would not recommend
don't hold charge then when put on charger will not charge . i do not recommend at all . not a fan
tried to conect to iphone is not working at all ! the instructions are very pour and hard to understand
not good . of no interest . too short . no story line that lasted through the story . did not keep my interest
lousy ping pong balls
most of these arrived broke . be careful .
had to drill holes to make paddles fit snowblower toro paddels are not for that model ccr toro snowblower
i was sent the wrong t shirt , and i didn't want iti would not recommend this product to anyone at all
it's comfortable while you are standing , but very uncomfortable in other positions activities . i wouldn't buy a second one .
not good product . they leaked while in pool . was the first time using . i would not buy this prouduct again .
you would need to be pretty bored to watch one . not much in the line of quality in any category .
one of the lights did not last for even the summer . since this is solar i expected a longer life .
this toy is lots of fun . great for eye hand coordination . unfortunately , the plastic racquet already broke after just a few uses .
i love stuart woods and look forward to each new book . unfortunately , i found son of stone boring and predictable .
the two extensions weren't the same color at all , too thin clips broke off easily . only lasted two wearings .
i loved this game but ever since updating to ics it freezes all the time , hopefully they will update it
had to return . size ran very large . would be nice if they had half sizes instead of only whole sizes .
rambles , poor audio video story line hard to follow except that this is a free spirited affair .
change back to the old one or offer us a choice . make it easier to navigate and more local forecast
they are beautiful but they do not stay on the wall . i am very disappointed and so are my kids .
the hp presario cq f has only slot for memory . this memory come in cards , gb each .
not a likable character in the film . phil hartman is brilliant , as always , but his talent is wasted on this .
could not operate volume buttons
out of screen covers didn't work . they didn't adhere properly even after cleaning it thoroughly with the cloth .
bought two of these for my dogs . does not work as advertised and yes , i did watch the video first
this product does not stick and required a glue . looks great on wall and is easy to cut and arrange .
very poor design , broke with in a week then they sent me a replacement and that broke a week later .
i love most of her books but this one was disopointing . the first one was the best when it happends
the phone connector end came loose and now the cable doesn't work unless you hold it at a specific angle .
its terrible i hate it i got mine for christmas and now it doesnt play songs
cheap and arrived broken
i have been trying to get the app to download for a whole day now and still only at middot
it just doesn't work . not a real product i was fooled again . i wish that i hadn't ordered so much .
what a sickeningly wretched movie . it's so bad , it's beyond belief . buy it to laugh at it hysterically !
this case is cheap but it doesnt last long rubber on end stretches dont waist money dont last dont last
took forever to arive then broke two days later . it was very pretty just wish it wasn't made so cheep
the cover fits quite loosely , and i really wonder how long it will last . not impressed .
but it is well written and i read to the end . sort of sweet story all and all . the end .
non responsive . would always come back with santa is busy and never worked . big disappointment for my kids . sad . sad .
charger stopped working after a few weeks in . the light comes on but doesnt charge my phone anymore .
after applying force to attach to table the metal simply twisted and broke at the base . useless paper weight now
very disappointed in size .
it does not hold the cleaning pad welli have bought a lot of their productsthis is a disappointment .
thought was ordering the real thing not a fakey assed imitation .
i watched this for about a half hour and then gave up it was very slow . i would not recommend it .
this game doesn't make any sense at all . whoever created this game is an idiot dont get it . p . s . copy rights
i bought this for my induction cooktop and it works great . quick delivery amazon is the best !
wrong song misleading
haven't tried yet as the keurig i ordered stopped working in weeks ! do not buy the small keurig ! bad !
this is a duet . in my opinion the solo version is much better . in that version he really stands out
don't buy this . it fell apart , and always fell off of my windshield . save your money and go elsewhere . please .
bought this same item from bbb . two weeks later rust in many spots and it just looks gross .
i bought this to give out balloons at a trade show but i found them easier to tie without it .
this is not good there singer makes me want to yell seasos is okay
this arrived doa , i tried to reorder but it was going to be a month before it would be available .
i probably should just stick to spit i have no discernible proof that it made any impact on my eyewear .
item did not look they way it did online quality appeared to be very cheap looking and size was smaller than expected .
the grill broke in half after two uses . would not recommend this product to anyone . pretty cheap product to buy .
garbage garbage . won't charge a note , and won't charge a galaxy . piece of crap . charged to about overnight .
doesn't seem to work on the lepan tablet .
didn't make me laugh . the stories were simply not hilarious . i never got to the end because i was bored .
one word lame . this product made absolutely no difference in what i purchased it for non acute low back pain
this was one of the flavors that came along with my keurig machine . i just didn't like it at all .
when u plug in reads up composite and u can't use your steering wheel to change tracks or control volume
has some scuffs and this phone was locked , hard to use . but great this is a great cell phone . slick .
it wasn't the color i requested
this cereal tastes like cardboard and yes i have tasted cardboard so i know the diffrence .
i have been using this product for several years . it does help with lowering any arthritis inflammation in the joints .
artificial looking picture , poor sound from speakers on the side . the toshiba sets have better video quality , but questionable reliability
the cats totally ignore it .
i ordered this case for my iphone , guess what ? i got a device or an iphone . really disappointing .
wth . i downloaded it because the web says it's free . it charged me dollars . not worth dollars
you can barely hear the music , the stupid usb type jack does not connect well , is a waste of money
it's too cheap looking of a case for me . but it gets the job done for travel , i suppose . thanks .
amateur effort in writing depending on shock effect to keep your attention no redeeming value . would rate at one star .
this was another book that just did not appeal to me . i began the book but just could not finish .
i like the slim feature but the kickstand is cheap
i ordered the rocks but the tank was back order . now i have no tank to put them in . ugh
it was falling apart and it looked dirty when i received it . strings were hanging off and it looks used
i thought i had found a new series to read to much smut for me not enough story
my son lost interest in this toy with in mins . not really entertaining . not worth the buy
i don't like this mp player because it will not play tunes in sequence or randomly from the sdhc card .
used this hose . followed the directions and it exploded after weeks . would not recommend it ! waste of money .
as if watching waiting for godot was not bad enough , just finished the book version . no redeeming qualities at all .
it did not work
being a 'tad' small , stretching to make fit does not allow for the magnet to snap to each other . dissapointed .
subject says it all without cgi this would be worthless . the wwf would be pleased , but not me .
just a collection of quotes . i paid nothing and got nothing . to charge money for this would be a crime .
buzz car broke upon opening product the top head helmut came off . my kids were very disappointed .
i used this a few times and didn't do a thing for my dogs ears . wasted money on this one .
i was very very dissapointed in the product
damaged . looked like someone played football with the box . product itself didn't srem high enough quality to justify the price .
not much story to this book . its a quick erotic read but i personally need more of a story line .
for the high price shipping paid we opened the first box and one package was spoiled and in edible .
i developed a very bad rash , could not return it as i could if i bought it at a location .
don't even bother wasting your money . get a cat something it can actually play with , like fly swatter .
same comment as before , cheaply sewn together . would not recommend to anyone since they are unraveling at the seams after washing
i love this app but it wont work on my kindle plz fix i want to play so bad
i hated it . it made me uncomfortable and i didn't like the way it was written . just not for me !
this is a book of boring ideas for scrapbook , useless and a waste of monney
the live video feed was terrible . i was unable to watch any of the older episodes . please fix this app .
you get what you pay for . poorly made started flickering out on day of use . i don't recommend it .
the storyline is not what i hoped it would be . kind of slow and not really any type of excitement .
this belly button ring just looks awkward on . it does not look like the picture says that its supposed to .
terrible terrible doesn't work too too many advertisements . liusely software terrible terrible terrible terrible and worst than terrible terrible terrible
i hate this app do not buy this app everit is not fun . it is not what you think !
looks nice , breaks easier . don't buy even for use in a costume as you will just be flushing money away .
an earring fell off my ear and broke in a public place , quite embarrassing .
very stiff leather uncomfortable
sent them back and even paid for the expensive shipping . poorly made and extremely small .
only a fair read , not highly recommended . i had difficulty finishing this novel . maybe just not my choice of read .
defective when received
there isn't anything in this book that you can't get elsewhere for free . skip this book head over to youtube .
sorry , it didn't work for me . guess i'm back to using the energy strips . better than the hour liquid .
the cover splintered into pieces in less than weeks of use . looks nice but i don't baby my phone
this item lasted for a month before it clogged and restricted water flow . maybe a bad one , not sure .
this does not work as i expected . would cost to much to return it so i will just keep it .
the publishers of this work completely trashed it with their nasty , interpretation via disclaimer . dont buy ! the publishers are america haters !
. first disappointed is starbucks sell product about to expire date . . second disappointed is starbucks don't acknowledge this mistake .
may be i used it with the wrong head set , i will try it with another head set and see .
the tiara was pretty . but entirely too large for a flower girl . it is sized for a woman not a child .
too small for a four year old . she is tiny . disappointed they need to make a better product !
clearly a lower level progressive band , landberk will only offer enough for adamant fans of the genre .
i wish this item was taller . i have a sak purse and it is short . could be larger i guess .
this juice pack heated up the minute i plugged it in . was too hot to handle so i returned it .
not as good as the one by oaks
i thought the book needed more editing . not enough background to move the story along . poor sentence structure used throughout .
not good quality at all . tilts down and is unable to be adjusted to remain flat .
you can judge this book by its kindle cover
i wish the font size would have been bigger . most information has been written about in other books .
the warranty is useless because there's no one to answer your requests for replacement . avoid this one . it's a pos !
john deere sticker coming off after a couple of washes for disappointed .
not particularly funny , and certainly not worth purchasing . does starz know you're using a copyrighted photo of sam heughan as jamie ?
the car charger does not work and the foot charger does not charge either . the regular charger works fine
pro good pricecon a little flimsy . ring sizing a little too small for size . no , i would not recommend any friend .
used items listed as like new should not have blobs of paint and chips on pieces of the set ! returned .
it is a really anointing repetitive song that says the same thing over and over again the beat is terrible
i really need a but these only come in full sizes . just had to send them back . sorry
i ordered the cord because it said it is the the barnes noble nook and it does not work .
broke first day i put it on .
i would . like . a . replacement . this was a gift to my husband and it only worked for . a . few weeks . annoyed . how do i return ?
when i got them , there not roll onthey smell nasyi didn't like them at alli do not recommend
item is faulty and didn't work at all . you get what you pay for , buyer beware . . . . .
probably the worst edited film on record . bad 's phsycadelic light show is half the film . the plot is lacking
horible bad ugly not what you see on line . tarnished faded gold color . this product shoulfd be banded for sale
the cover did not fit my galaxys from tmobile . it was to small . maybe phones from different carriers will work .
this lamp exploded inside my tv within about two weeks of receiving it . junk , i do not suggest buying it .
ridiculous that it is a separate purchase .
unit worked for weeks then liquid in thermometer broke down . this item claims degrees . liquid broke down at degrees .
cool decal but a little big for the ipad air . went on easy and looks great except for the size .
this is one mean movie . i gave it away after one viewing . no interest to see it again . so sorry .
these don't look good , not like real jeans the seems are bright green so they throw them off a bit
no way to wear tham and thay sent me the rong size do not trust thevcomty full u and i
my birds decided to eat the plastic and it did not stay where placed . maybe would be good for small cage .
average quality for iphone case , not as robust as others . does not hold iphone with even the thin cover .
boring
this mouse feels good in the hands but it dosent work on my pc and i have already updated everything
the body fit is fine but the shoulder straps fall off after use and they get worse . waist of money .
my touch screen fails over a week , i waited to much for the item and i expect more about this .
so much good fiction out there right now old and new this was a reach , trite , predictable , yikes .
this product doesn't seem to have any effect on skin tags . i don't recommend it to anyone . please don't buy this .
the lid will not stay on the kettle . it is a terrible fit . no i would not recommend this product .
don't know what else to say this product was a dead battery . nothing but a hassle to deal with .
worse wig i ever gotten . the ombr eacute colors didn't even blend and the blonde had a pinkish hue . very disappointed .
this tea tastes nasty . maybe i just dont like sage but it made me gag !
they do not fit a twin bed ! they are marked a twin on the package , but fit my queen bed .
didn't even work when i got it . returned it for a different brand and it worked like a charm
junk . rarely syncs . reset dozens of times but will only rarely pick up on iphone s . don't waste your money !
the material is hard and not comfortable to wear and cutting is small for that age . will not buy again
dress was constructed of a very , very thin cheap fabric and sizing was huge ! not a flattering styling at all .
not a good product , leaks all over the place and also alters the chemical makeup of some liquids and soaps .
it wasw just bad . after just one day , that thing stop working . complete rip off . i will not require it to anyone . it sucks
the snow seems to be stronger in order , but ordered the wrong size . the shoe itself is very beautiful . heart is sore .
bad tools is one tools is broken . the tools is very bad . i thank it is chope . it is very bad .
this was a waste of time . the first one is so much better . oh we'll it happens i guess .
did not work . i had to rip up the carpeting .
not good . did not give me enegry . cost way too much for product . i didn't like it . want money back .
book was fine , diet seemed ridiculous to me . i know i'd be craving too many things to make this work .
you can not tighten up the collar . when you adjust it slides back to being very loose not real satisfied
you have to buy numerous apps in order for it to work . it stinks and takes so long to load .
didn't work well on my phone i deleted it
very nice design , good for multiple people . for person , would like one a little smaller .
poor quality . didn't match picture . what else can i say ! ? flimsy . ugly color . seven more words required . i have none .
reusa conceitos batidos e vende propostas absurdas pela sua inaplicabilidade ou por nao produzirem a tal semana de horas
i had very bad heartburn reflux with these , and didn't help my allergy symptoms at all .
very disappointed not pictures not illustrated instructions on how to make anything . would not recommend .
this product does not come with a battery which is an odd size . am having trouble finding one to fit !
worked for some time now one of the outlets no longer works again made in china is the probable cause
is a steep price for a pamphlet that doesn't really have much creative info in it !
the worst of all savatage cd's . just another concept album . and a very boring one at that .
product was very flimsy and out of shape . couldn't use the also bought handle it would just bends the pan
bought this accidently . doesn't taste good !
item was damaged when received . cheap quality . will not recommend this item . waste of money buying this item ! big mistake !
the one i received had female connectors which might be politically correct , but doesn't work for this purpose . sorry .
didn't care for this movie so didn't finish watching . very disturbing movie but maybe others will see it differently . sad .
the bas was too small and looked cheaply made . it would not have worked for my purposes and was not suitable .
this book has never been delivered . i sent an e mail to the supplier and have heard nothing .
i couldn't stand it . i didn't find anything interesting in it and dnf it .
i think that this book has way too much profanity . it was not necessary very detracting from the story line .
it doesn't work with my ipod so i can't even use it very disappointing that i can't use it !
poor construction . to heavy . started rusting . dont like it at all . wouldnt segust it to any one . that is all
boring but a quick read , it's like it was written by a child . would not recommend this book to anyone
it's a thin cloth hat that is appropriate for indoor play . i don't know what else to say . it's okay .
the dress looks much smarter in the pic , it does not fit very well and the color is very different
it really didn't change anything including aggression among the cats for the cost i was very disappointed with this buy .
was excited when i received it but it broke after three uses . not repairable my money was mopped away
this item broke almost immediately . the wire is very fragile and some how separated from the control piece . pretty disappointing .
l bought this item to charge my phone but it is broken , it didn't work . and it wasted my money
too flimsy .
nice on the picture , but not on its real . very disappointed about the materials . should be cheaper than it price .
this really sucks . dont waste your money
it broke the internal holder is plastic in less than months with very gentle use . great before it broke .
i have not really seen a difference yet in month . my appetite is still the same . we will see
the reason why i want ot at a one star is because i can not believe it costs that much .
elliot michael constantly playing games in their office . then wondering why their business failed . unwatchable .
stupid movie about stupid people doing stupid things . i couldn't even finish it . she was such a neurotic wench . don't watch
i'm not going to say anythig my title says it all
this product broke after only a few uses . the motorized lake track kept jamming so i had to return it .
horrible . dont buy . my case came in mail broke the same day when i put it on .
it started peeling apart after about a month . really cute and durable case , just wish the green color didn't peel off .
very disapointed in this one . works much louder then any other wd black hard drive . got wd blue tb instead .
way over priced . you can find better prices then this guy . way over priced . you can find better prices then this guy .
cheap
as noted by others , it's really , really short . shorter than you think . shorter than it should be for the price .
the item was too small . i am returning the item for a refund or credit . i will look for another .
hello i do not get the parts as such only get the tool kit , i can do in this case
the charger i received did not fit the htc properly . it is too loose of a connection in the phone .
this book is less than four inches tall and has comics that are in other books .
the stem was broken i glued its really worth what i paid for it cheap
the bag didn't come the time they said when i did get it the bag had a ripped strap !
horrible ever laptop dont buy , this laptop with win its the most horrible you cant buy in you life .
i ordered these sandals in grey and received black instead . how could they mess this up ? i am so disappointed .
it is nowhere near the old wella elan plus . does not compare in any way . to the old setting lotion .
the fit is awkward . color is great but not a go to pair for me . order a size up maybe .
we could never get this product to work correctly and finally just gave up ! would not order again . very disappointed .
best ? worst . i bought this looking for laughs . all i did was groan and roll my eyes . not . worth . your . time .
it's really hard to put it up to my lens and mattebox . a pull string design can do better than that .
this is the best movie miniseries i have ever seen . attention to detail and historical accuracy is the key for me .
i will have to say nike isn't the only one using very cheap looking shoes right now i don't get it .
i purchased this with the kraus sink and worked well until the dispenser tip broke off . love the sink though .
we'll my watch never came ini really wish it had .
this product does create white noise but it has a metallic clicking and rattling , rendering the product useless .
can connect via the app but it won't play a video . i followed the directions completely but still doesn't work .
its very cheaply made and the bottom edge of the rubber switchable tops cut my private parts and my partners
please return my . as i couldn't get this episode to play ! thank you . all the others work so far .
it . was okay too much rambling it just didn't keep you interested i had to skip over so many chapters
horrible smell . great tan . but still not worth it because of the smell after you get out of the bed
installed as directed . cracked the first time the lid was opened . very disappointed .
material looks , feels , and seem to be made very cheaply . i will not be using this cover on my iphone
i will not be using this cabinet as the quality is quite poor . i would not recommend purchasing this item .
don't waste your time even though the first two books were good reading . this one , however , is a big disappointment .
don't but it !
this item wouldn't load on my computer . the message posted that is was already used .
yeah i got it
si vuelvas tu . the best . both solas , too . the others are fun and show the range of india's vocal ability . a winner !
i don't know if they were working or not . just expensive urine noted . will not buy again .
slow vague no snap . time waster expected better . disappointing made me angry that i fell for it . three more words
it did not help at allit sucked don't buy it that would be dumb not worth a dollar worth free
used it for the braun toothbrush i have , fits but too tight that the shaft wont rotate .
i did not see any type of result using this product i , maybe because i am a small frame person
baby didnt take it but great design .
bass line was good when it was fresh . now it's stale and can't play it with a serious face anymore
not funny , boring and stupid . i gave it a chance and could not get into it . plot is lacking much .
waste of time .
i have this case for days . it's already broken . its rhe worst case i've ever bought for my iphone .
to make the purchase had no tax . but if i charged
unable to key lock keypad
dont buy these butchered versions of blizzard of ozz and diary of a madman . history has been destroyed .
okgame with nice graphics . but got bored of it after a day or so . not as engaging as other games .
thought it was something different . hoping the pages in book could be used as a pattern for appliquethank you
the rims are not even , the clarity is inconsistent and wavy and they look cheap . made in china . not recommended .
it makes you look like a bumble bee very disappointed ! i'm returning mine which makes me sad but don't buy
after an hour i could not take the crass jokes and terrible acting . skip this one at all costs .
this game is stupid you can handle get the ball and you can not take the ball away
did not bond well with the silk nails , would never purchase this item again , not as it was advertised .
too small for my orthotics and i did not like the toe so will return . too athletic looking for me
having starting problems with this model . very difficult to get any tech support . wish i had bought a different brand .
this game was a let down . we played it as a family and grew tired of it in a hurry .
the av cables had cheap plugs and only of the inputs worked . not impressed . can't recommend this product .
did not help display fb any better than the free app did . deleted it as soon as i realized that .
totally fake , nothing but sugar pills
starkist solid albacore in water , . this tuna is so dryit is like sandpapper
didn't last months in wind .
didn't fit my head rest like i was told but owell its not the first time i been lied to
i ordered this and the package only came with the helmet and no jersey , no pants and no shoulder pads .
same her the balls were not good quatley .
flimsy , only covers the back side of the phone , and was missing some of the rhinestones so looked like crap !
huh ? am i missing something here ? where the heck are the coasters ? as pictured on display for the product ?
the game wasn't bad . i was enjoying it enough that i bought the full version but it will not load .
while i cannot say what i would like , i will say that these bulbs are not what i needed .
no plot . turned it off after minutes . very dull . it will put you to sleep . save your money .
i have never been much into the animation that has the back ground fixedand the characters kind of move around
it doesn t stay long . i will not buy it again . also you cannot put it on clothes because it stains .
broke right away didn't even get to use it .
i love it but the shipping is high in price
not worth the money . sit on a throw pillow instead . i would not recommend this pillow , provide no more relief .
does not contain nutritional values . it would have value if it contained calories and carbs at least . not for diabetics !
os goodbut back space bottom fall outlook at video in just one dayand need to replace with another laptop notebook
this book did not meet me expectations at all . not worth the read . simply put . too many cooks spoilt the broth !
just got this product , doesn't fit any faucet in my house , even with using the universal adaptors
i bought a box for my niece to try , but they lack flavor . will keep looking for something more flavorful .
the quality of this footage is hideously poor . it is something that amazon should not be selling for . !
couldn't find my camera's and very few traffic cams worth using the app . deleted the app and would not recommend .
absolute filth , vomit . f bombs every third word . no plot . these actors will do anything for money . waste of time .
this was an ok book . it was a quick read , but an ineffective ending . there were many interesting character psyches .
never place an order that need technical details without knowing what is needed iexercised poor judgement because of my ignorance
it didn't work at all . it would not charge my phone . kept saying it was disconnected . the connector was wrong .
within hours of hanging this item a squirrel jumped onto it , it fell and broke . very poorly constructed !
poor fit . i ended up taking it off . too much slip and slide . don't waste your money . unfortunately i did .
the product was defective and would not stay secured to the seat headrest like it was supposed to . not satisfied
put on the cover and it ripped right away . zipper pulled off plastic and then ripped all the way around .
very weak ! not worth the very small . cheap in quality . should of returned it ! very disappointed with this product .
this song isn't complete . it cut off at the end . it also varies from what is played on the radio .
when i opened the package , it was broken and i needed it for a display sunday ! i was not happy .
ugh , just uuggghhhhhh . unbelievable plot , poor cadence , unbelievable characters , just a complete waste of time and money . please shop elsewhere .
very slow . put me to sleep twice and i felt the story line sas very simplistic . no twists or turns .
bearing sucked and had to replace it with one with napa shortly after .
the first half of the cd was as good as i remember it . the second half was really weak .
the product was not as expected from the advertisement . it did not appear to be a fully functioning pdf program .
great book ! great delivery !
i was disappointed with this . i felt like it kind of just slid off of my skin . not worth it !
too long . way too much detail and quotes from long letters and not enough perspective .
slow start . didn't finish it
hard to put on , hard to open charging port , people continually say they can't hear me .
looks better then it is . maybe a good homeowner weekend carpenter pouch but not a good pouch for commercial use .
hated it ! couldn't even make it thru the book . seriously , everyone has to be in love with elle . good grief !
not accurate at all . sent it back after two days . although a great idea , it needs more testing before sale to public .
this product caused abdominal bloating and gas .
again not the book cover they show , i was upset with both books that they weren't the covers shown .
this book had poor grammar , plagiarism , and suggestions as opposed to real facts . i would not recommend this to anyone .
too sweet , not enough flavor
this is not even a game ! i downloaded it and it was just pictures ! this was really really disappointing .
not the original and reeks of new plastic forever
three different screws and only one of them is long enough . says it will fit a yzf r . it does not !
the digital tape does not seem very useful to me . i have one and it does not work very well .
this book was not for me , i did not even finish reading it . i would not recommend it to anyone .
this cable did not work for my camera to charge it or to download pictures for my samsung pl camera
had to return it since plug was too large for inlet of laptop . very bad experience . will not buy again .
if you must see . rent first before you buy . seeing it once was enough for me
the crackers are tasteless and have a terrible consistency . don't waste your money on this product . nothing more to say .
i didn't realize this was about ficticious beings or i wouldn't have bought it . i like fiction but not fantasy .
this shower basket holds lots of necessities for the shower . however , it rusted pretty quickly . so , we threw it away !
nice price but junk . did not last months with light use . main bearing seized up . not recommended for anyone .
i don't like games that you have to buy credits to play and advance . this game is not for me .
qucik service , but poor quality bracelet . clasp opens easily . rust spots visible on clasp . buyer beware , not worth purchase price .
it was working just fine for what i payed for it , but months later it just stopped working .
did not seem to work very well and we found it very uncomfortable . didn't have any problem with the smell
should've known deal was too good to be true screen protector doesn't fit for the galaxy s do not buy
there were a few cute ideas in this book . unfortunately the ideas were not quite what i was looking for .
beware ! this will not charge your nano g ! you get what you pay for .
i've seen more in depth material in a junior high book report , you'll get more from wikipedia with an online search
haven't been able to use it ! because somehow the download has not gone through ! i will look into it again !
almost too silly to believe .
looks like i got the wrong one ? i don't know . it just not the thing to build my tv cable .
didn't fit
would not recommend to others . the picture looks better . looks plastic and cheap . this is not worth orderingneed to remove from amazon site .
this was a very disappointing product poor quality and i could have bought a better product for less .
was okay . i enjoy novels more . if you were expecting got then don't read . other then that it was okay
still have ants
my mom stated to big , ? will keep in downstairs hall way . not easy to assemble , needed to call neighbor
i returned this book after receiving it . the music scores were not what my daughter's vocal coach was looking for .
extremely slow and wandering . i was so happy when i finished it . the characters lacked depth and the plot plodded .
i opened my box to find the pasta in crumbles . not one whole noodle ! i would not purchase this again .
im wondering if this scope will fit on my type airsoft sniper i orderd it but im just wonderind
love the rank design but the sizes are for tiny women . i'm usually a medium but this tank barley fits .
some of the lamest jokes i've ever heard . don't get it . it just plain sucked . i was disappointed . other are better books
buyer beware ! this is a lug hub . will not fit volvo , which is a lug hub .
i plug the hdmi the hole is too small and is a little luse doesn't work at all bad bad

way too small for anyone else but a year old . cheep as hell and not worth the time . don't bother !
started turning yellow way too quickly .
i order for s may be wrong cable cordmy camera is not charging at all . i wasting my money
charging ipad is good but been loosing a week of charges without even using it . not my type
guess trying to go from ipad to kindle wasn't a good idea . didn't like the kindle and promptly returned it .
i love all of lisa's books but this one wasnt ver good i found it read to read .
never even got this to work . as a concept , great idea but execution was poor
i got the set with pieces missingand i don't believe that this was by accidenti want my money back
i wanted this dvd hannie caulder to be captioned since i have a hearing loss and it was not captioned .
this program has shortcomings that i'm nt happy with . i found a better program on line . it's free . that's all
the cd was missing from the inside pocket of the music book . no problem with the pages of the book .
i am disappointed . a good percentage are warped . they break very easily .
charged my battery in my ibook only once , since then it will no longer charge or power my laptop .
it was very small and my cat became bored with it right away wouldn't bother with this toy not worth the price
seeds never germinated followed instructions but never had plants . save your money and buy somewhere else . dont buy this product
this company is not true to their size . i love the style but the sizing needs to be more legitimate .
i bought this product and returned it because it was not what i was looking for , it was not pure .
i dont like products brush . if you dont have another your brush you just cant put it on your eye .
i might as well wear it on my finger . it is very weak , and does nothing . this is just a novelty .
a typical college boy meets hot , hairy straight college football player and miraculously fall in love . not worth the read
video quality not good , especially when backing the against sun . first monitor bought already stripped motor gears . daw gone it .
did not work . no signal to tv . tried it on three different tvs an same response . do not recommend it .
this product looks nice on the computer , but on reality it's just a hard plastic . but the prize is good
here's a nice list of goodies that showed up after i installed the drivers . exploit java cve . odbrowsermodifier win zwangitrojan java classloader . xexploit win cve . exploit java cve . yktrojan win trafog ! rtsexploit java cve . buadware win pricegong
this item was not worth the money we paid for it . flimsy , not really model specific . sorry
great concept , arrived not useable ! parts did not fit . had to send back !
the material was thin and isn't going to handle well in wash . seems are weird too . wouldn't buy a second .
yuk
no good falls off . the screen front will not stay on its made cheaply dosen't snap on or stay locked .
a disgraceful , immoral movie . why do you require so many words ? i feel this is a gross inconvenience and unnecessary .
i am old and it plays too fast for me and i only play cause my friends asked me to .
the little i watched was a waste of timethe little i watched was a waste of timejust like this
these are very low quality , and don't stand up to the rough usage found in travel . not a good buy
pretty much tells you to lose all your motherly instints ! there are better books out there . not worth my time !
the spout leaks when i pour the gas out . the two stars is for the can itself , which looks sturdy .
i found these books really boring , the writing between the erotic bits was very mundane . struggled to finish it
very cheaply made tore easily . the time it lasted i like it . doesn't give much protection if you are clumsy .
out of not good at all old movies
this nose ring turned colors and caused my daughters piercing to get red and inflamed . pure garbage !
needs a better build up to the story , was disappointed with the entire thing . not worth the time for this one .
waste of money if you have to cancel a flight and they don't inform you that it was corrected ! a
i didn't even watch minutes of this program . it seemed far too violent and complicated for my viewing pleasure .
they do not sad it it needs a paid software to works properly . the good software coasts around us .
not the right product . items that do not fit a search should nother show up as a result in a search .
i searched for calendar this is what came . oh well be more careful next time ok this purchase blows
the case is very thin , i thought it would be alot more sturdy . the buttons are air brushed as well !
this was sent quickly and was packaged safely and have been enjoying listening to it since . thanks
the book that i got was used and it is not the same as it was in the advertising ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
don't bother with these . you will find compact florescents produce a thousand times more light for the money .
i would have rated stars , but that wasn't a choice . does not work with android . . on nook hd
the energy cells do not work . and i don't know where to return them . thanks if you can let me know .
total dissapointment . i expected a bit more . alice englert is such a power house . too bad she took this role .
this case does not stand as shown , it keeps slipping flat .
this product is nice to look at , but it did not fit the phone that it advertised .
doesn't work
i received the coleman chlorine dioxide tablets . they don't last as long as the potable aqua brand . terrible customer service !
the shaving bowl and soap are fine , but the brush isn't true boar bristle and is not good quality .
broke right away . bought them for my husband and year old son . they lasted minutes .
downloaded free app of the day and it wont open . it froze and wont let me uninstall or even reinstall .
only lasted for weeks before the small clips intended to hold it on , broke off , rendering this investment useless .
does not hold a charge as well as expected . too expensive for the results . should post how long charge lasts .
description should state it is strictly for outdoor use . packaging material states it can remain indoors for only days .
crap , not worth ever owning . this is not something you should get or even search for . it isn't worth it .
the hitmen diaries charlie valentine the acting was good but the story like left a lot to be desired .
this does not worklost cost
heard of her ? neither have i . heard of her hits ? neither have i .
not sure if im using this fong correctly . like my old defusor
does not fit in car cup holder , the base is too small so it shifts around when i am driving .
lights on the fire truck not lit up and sticker is not on right place and it came fall off .
too much fantasy for me . not much else to say , but i have to use more words , bla bla .
if there was a zero star option that's what i would rate this cd it's a piece of crap period
product instructions nearly undecipherable , product did not function properly . vendor did take item back .
this item arrived packed loose in a box . clearly , this was used . would never buy from this seller again .
the book is plain rubbish ! starts out with stern gerlach experiments and spin ? please .
i couldn't figure out how to do this , they gave you no directions ! if you are thinking about buying this , don't !
cheap material , larger than expected . my daughter loves them just because of the hello kitty ! the style is weird too .
stars is on the product . the case is not meant for samsung galaxy , it is way too big
. and little else . the women have no power they only imagine they do .
all the sequins and beads came off the neckline in the washer . it was washed on delicate per the instructions
cheap ways to get famous . this shows the level of mental illness the writer has , really a king dork writer .
i didn't even get to finish the yard before it stretched out and started slipping weak belt in my opinion
boring and then it just sat there . no science , no drama . just sheer boredom . i kept waiting and nothing happened .
i was getting this for my mother for her birthday and the product was soo cheap dont buy it
there seemed to be a lot left out on every subject touchedhere . i would not recommend buying this book .
do not waste your money . it is made of cheap material that do not provide any support for your chin .
did not grow
it has only been days since i received the shipment and the magnet has fallen off the iphone case
this is literally a collection of website links with no real content of its own . a complete waste of time !
you can't go far unless you spend money , plus it takes up a ton of storage space . not worth it .
i was not really happy with the way these looked . i thought they were cheap and smelled like cheap rubber .
it falled apart after year , due to sun exposure
to small . returning
not such a good product , i used it once but saw no great difference with my zipper .
i have been through headsets in the last year ! they keep cracking where the ear pieces are . very cheap !
a poorly written crime novel that attempts and fails to understand the motives behind england's , rose west , a serial killer .
this program was too old to work on my operating system . i wish i had paid more attention when ordering .
george lucas nuked the fridge . a big black spot on the indiana jones series .
it broke in three hours . cheap , i should have known it was to good to be true by the price .
the resolution is very low so not suitable for pci want to upgrade the software to increase the resolution
only use this if you have acouple hairs . this hurts bad and is not painless what so ever ! this hurts
software tech have know idea what they r doing . they do not respond to you . don't bother with this game .
geno is an embarrassingly shallow individual and this book is terrible .
but the little slot does not hold the ipad . it needs to be deaper to help hold it in place .
within a week of purchase the sleeve started coming apart .
for price product was cheap and expensive . for the price and only reciving one cover is a rip off don't
don't buy it , poorly made . i have four cats and none of them liked it either , just bad manufactured plastic .
this jacket was too small for me . and i want mymoney back . i'm not satisified in this product at all .
this is crap had it a week and it broke
not a very deep or solid story . reads like a teenager wrote it . maybe this was meant for young teens ?
this charger is hard to put into the device . but it charges . lkl lkl lklk lklk lklk lklkl lklk lkkl
disappointed in product does not fit well
this book is all hype with little of value to someone interested in investing in penny stocks . not worth buying .
watch is bigger than expected and much cheaper . rattles constantly . one pin constantly un snaps and the watch falls off .
awful ! very gory , depraved and gruesome . not recommended at all for any age group . might be good for devil worshiping people !
this product didn't work for me . i did read good reports about it so good luck if you try it .
terrible , poor quality . the hinge fell off the frame . with only one temple attached , the glasses are next to worthless .
never got the charger . not sure what happened . but i have to call them and get a new one
it's not slouch at all . don't buy this if you want slouch . this hat is a terrible excuse for slouch .
don't buy this item it is garbage
was too small to play on a kindle . maybe on a laptop you can see better .
the lock fell off after only using the oven times ! so much for child safety ! don't waste your money !
broke within uses . spend the and get a heavy duty one .
did not fit the maker i was looking for
would give no stars if i could . the dvd sucks and just kept repeating the same info over and over .
repetitive and largely pointless . not well written . apparently the author's spell checker malfunctioned too .
the fan i received had a cord that was too short and the fan was substantially lower wattage than original .
boring . did not even read half the book .
this product didn't work , still had residue inside dishwasher . i followed the directions as stated . i will not purchase again .
they completely feel apart after the first use . very disappointed these are for soaking off nail products with acetone really .
brought this for my purse , but it is huge !
extremely bulky ill fitting and cheap quality look and feel . was not satisfied with the purchase . . . . .
it was supposed to replace the samsung wis abgn unit . it does not work . i am very unhappy about this unit .
warning this item is a peace of junk . i would not recommend any one to buy it . buyer be ware .
i am known as creative in the kitchen and some call that cheap . i was not impressed with these recipes .
i thought the face mask was much more flimsy than i would have expected . it looked sturdy online , but wasn't .
i am only able to wear k gold , this chain is not that , i broke out and the chain broke
so disappointed that the single player is discontinued . i loved this game . will also not buy anything from hasbro either !
the cards were extra thin and if left on a table warped easy and were not like past kem decks
flimsy material , not an american size m gave away to a th grader . my fault for not reading the manufacturing origin .
i wouldnt recommend anyone buying these because i think they actually give you the ugliest random colors they can find .
after a weeks still no plants , this was just a bad deal to start with i should knew better .
received st locator , signal distance was terrible . thought it was defective . replace with nd locator , still the same .
very bad quality . advice for everybody before you buy this item think about it . these glasses is not possible to use .
very cheap !
flimsy masks were not as depicted on pictures . they were flimsy paper masks . i was disappointed when i received package .
these work ok . but i dont use them anymore since i bought the sony .
i skipped through most of the book . really disappointed . the twist wasn't evening that surprising . overall a pretty boring book .
ugh . it wasn't even worth a penny . i'd rather play with my own dog . the mouse controls are difficult . don't bother .
rather disconnected story trying to make everything that ever happened to sookie fit into the final book of this series .
i did not order this item . cannot review this item because i didn't order it . please don't send it to me .
ordered this product twice , and broke opening the frame , both times . cheap plastic . terrible . i'd recommend buying a metal version .
made out of very flimsy material . don't buy this product . check out better quality pineapple slicer corer at wal mart . cheaply made .
we tried this , it's not worth the hassle , it was messy to use .
uh , so this hat looks nothing like the picture and wasn't worth the money . don't waste your money on this .
i couldn't watch more than the first half , it was justtoo boring !
too much static , radio frequency has to be changed all the timea big disappointment
product was very cheap and poorly made . of the bands broke during the first usage ! do not recommend !
it was just the wrong book for me . there was nothing uplifting or not demeaning to women through each page ,
makes a mess . does not work as indicated . low quality product . not what you think you are getting . don't bother ! a
analog and digital can't be converted so easily . don't waste your money on a unicorn . it will not work . period .
slippery and uncomfortable to hold . the only good thing about it that it turn on when you open it . frank
the cable is fine for a single link dvi d cable . it , however , is not dual link as advertised .
there's only one word necessary to describe this movie garbage ! how do pictures like this get made ?
as unlikable a main character as i've met . certainly not worth the weeks it took to read . i was disappointed .
this book was low on plot and not hot on the sex scenes . the asian character didn't even seem hot .
i love the movie , but not the directors cut .
i have nothing to review because on i still have not received to book .
i like the k bell . but the dvd was pretty worthless . not what i was hoping for . live and learn .
this text had lots of research data that was old and the book wasn't very engaging .
mine jams every once in while . have reset it by powering it down unplugging everything . pain .
no brainer . plug in , answer a few questions and goits that simple
disappointing for m
they broke on only one run with a kv castle sw on cell lipo this part in junk
to don't buy too small puma speeder illuminescent v light up sneaker thru the internet . the size is too small ,
these r junk , i don't even think they would hold up a tissue , cheapest plastic ever junk junk
can't fit anything in it . was glued way to high in the area where the money goes .
piece of crap ordered two and both do not work . don't buy . had to return both units . not a . good product .
did not find it entertaining not my type of film kind of boring although i liked the animals and alligators
it's ugly with the red torch .
are not good ! make me dizzy and my vision hurts . do not buy this . i put mine in the trash .
not enough parts to mount them to my ninja . there is noway to fit them on the bracket . sucks
the color of the stone is nothing like advertised and the quality in general is poor . i would not recommend .
dont waste ur time downloading folks . it's not worth it and its free . doesn't even look real . just plain dumb
i does not work for a mac . when i plugged it in it just vibrated but did not actually work .
the idea is good , but i think that wor better with a android system , no with iphonecan i returned ?
i am very dissapointed this product never fit on my f as this page says is to tiny
i had another one which was good for about years before it failed . this product doesn't phase the ants .
the price is right for lock on clamps . these are not very friendly to the hands unless you wear gloves .
not comfortable , returned them .
it was cut it off and came to too long day . so that i didn't like it . maybe the next time
didn't work for meonly used it onces but will try it again to see if i have better luck
the color and clarity are washed out , looks like a cheap piece of glass that's been tinted with food coloring
its one of the rare times where the tv episodes are better . good but definitely not great . kind of boring .
no function out of the boxno more words are really requiredso i'm filling up the space with this many more
hate it ! they need to get a life . this show should have never been aired . enough already end it now !
i am totally annoyed . i still have not received this product and my credit card has been charged .
oil was saturated on the directions . the lid was ovbiously not on tightly , thus having no oil in the bottle .
the glasses were ok but the words were not clearly seen . i will buy again . i had no other problem .
save your money on this worthless product . a flyswatter is much more effective and so much easier to deal with .
there is no suspense and no horror . yet , there are a lot of nonsense . the acting is boring .
this was not a true dgk color tool product . it was not as the actual manufacture describes on their website .
the keyboard and touch pad quit working after the rd day of receiving the computer . also the graphic card is weak .
worked for about two weeks and quit .
product did not work at all . did not power up did not stay connected sorry to say was useless .
do not buy it , it is a waste of money , it doesn't work at all , my nail are still fragile !
starsi didn't like this book i did not get it . i think you should put more jokes too .
i don't like books that reference sci fi monsters and people that don't die . too much fiction . won't read seqels .
sound works but there's no video if you move the cord around it try's , a wire is broke i believe
used it for few times . gets error message as not compatable . good for temprary use or keep your cable standby .
did nothing at all . eat a steak . it didn't make e any worse , it just did nothing . i was warned .
it took so long to read this it took forever i didn't even like it it suckedto bad for you
i hate this app it does nothen so dont get it because its stupid and it really sucks butt lmao
this was not at all what i expected it to be . mostly this is due to not reading it yet .
didn't care for the song choices . only liked out of songs . very disappointed .
iam a rosemary fan , but didn't care for this cd . i think pizzarelli doesn't sound good .
isnt exactly what we were looking for
can't believe it ! no picture , really ? that's silly , considering the topic . i wish i knew this before hand . how disappointing .
we were supremely disappointed with this speaker . my phone has a better output . don't waste your money on this product .
i should have known it as too good to be true . did not work . actually gained weight while using it .
little use to biology student , exercises do not help the student focus on the key concepts .
this case is supposed to protect the phone , but it has already broken and the front piece won't stay on .
its stupid not a very good app . it wasn't very good there was no story to it . no action boring
this is the second one i have ordered . it is may , and this one quit working ! very disappointed
only because of the price . the boots are not flattering at all . bad mistake trust me . dont waste no money .
about out of work . waste of money . point , blank , and period .
i can not use this , even though i liked the price . the materials of which it was made are fine .
product was incomplete and not brand new . missing the built in screen protectors .
this bear was disappointing . it did not count . the voice had an accent that made it sometimes hard to understand .
there where ordered memory cards , only one of them was functional . camara did not accept one of the cards .
i don't like it at all . it was really bad and so stupid . worst piano app ever . don't get it .
didn't seem to work any better than the other stuff . nothing special , don't think i will buy again .
i thought it sounded like a fun thing , but there were no instructions on how to use the magic deck .
worst anime i ever seen . do not buy ! only gave it one star because i could not give it less .
hair dryer works just as well
stopped working after a week so it was a waste of my money . no point in buying this item . really .
burnt out within the month . we bought of them and both were bad . we are going with something else .
instead of the oz cans pictured they sent oz cans and the product is terrible .
my order was once again canceled . i would love to find this product . i've been using the product since
my error , did not realize i was ordering sheet music . did not need this item . i only wanted music cd's .
the splint is just not stiff enough . it bends after a few wears .
despite it's claim , this fog juice doesn't work any better then any other when it comes to low lying effects .
very poorly made , but you get what you pay for ! very poorly made , but you get what you pay for !
this unit even surpasses the others i had in performance and manoeuverability . an excellent buy . i recommend it very highly .
not my type book . rather predictable . just got it free . oh well . i guess not everything can be as good as everything but snakes
although it was a good price , the battery that was sent had already passed the expiration date on the package .
i figured it would be a bigger screen then it was and it responds very slow so not very good
monster tool . way to big to use . sent it back immediately . tip too blunt to devein shrimp of any size !
this movie is boring . nothing original in the whole thing , i actually can't believe i managed to finish watching it .
never got the thing so i dont know , with i did cause id should could of used it ty
i hope the stars made a lot of money doing this turkey . too much of nothing .
every time i try to open appnit closes a waste of time down loadingdon't bother ugh it doesn't work
ordered this three pack of s , received a single bar of a mild steel in the wrong width instead .
too thin . my wrists wouldnt sit properly as there was not enough room
its very tacky . large and plastic . if it wasn't so big it might be a good gift for a child .
i thought these were the large pellets but you can buy these same exact things at home depot for .
typically , i love samsung products . not so with the p . proprietary plug in . difficult to create play lists manage music . emodio is a joke !
not a wooden stick , a plastic stick . flags slide right off need to tape each one .
granted , once patrick o'brian wrote in this genre , nothing else could measure up , but this writing is awkward and silly .
the bands don't close and or stay closed easily . not very impressed . they are stamped fitbit but are an imposter
it was not like peter's other books of travel .
not satisfied . waiting on replacement . i am sure i will be very satisfied if the replacement fits my sony cd player
cute but i thought it was a stuffed animal for baby room . looks like a dog toy . wasn't very pleased
this charger is no good . not charging the phone . i do not know what to with this . this is cheating
i can even kick the ball far it makes me kick with power or below i don't like it
this product is awful . wont stay in when try to connect to kindle or to droid , very loose , very inferior product .
i got the galaxy tab . p , when connected it will open tunein radio and then nothing . wasted money .
d the fv knee length pleated skirt is much too small . it's a beautiful skirt , but i can't wear it .
i was not satisfied with the product . the instructions were confusing and wrong . the produce was loosely packed as well .
useless . so much noise , so loose on phone . useless .
it constantly glitches out to the point that i can't complete a project . spend the extra money on better software .
product is to small for my nexus s , works fine for my wife's i phone just not for me .
bracelet isn't bad but the percenter emblem fell off after only a couple days of normal wear . not impressed .
the phone is european won't turn on ! very disappointed with the result of this product . definitely do not recommend
this wasn't what i thought it was , it's hard to tell from the picture what it is .
this is too expensive , not very well made . cheap looking . just waste of money . i would not recommend to anyone .
sent it back . couldnot even wrap my hair around the rollers . they don't catch fine hair well at all .
for light coverage these pads are great but if you need a little more coverage a thicker one is needed .
don't waste your time . this won't fit your zrx . take my frustrated day for your own and exit this ad .
the seams were in the wrong places and they were too tight on my size foot .
me and my wife used this all up in a day , please can you make bigger packages or multi packs thanks !
nothing special looks cute . but you to have to turn off the touch sensor or the case throws it off .
oversized !
this did not work for me at all . you have spray and spray and spray until the effects show up .
this is not the lord's prayer on these bracelets .
nice mug , but the pewter was not attached when i got the item . i wish the glue would have held .
it was an okay book . not as remarkable as i thought it might be . would not recommend this book , sorry .
horrible horrible horrible and even more horrible than you can ever imagine . dont waste your time and money on this .
not my taste . maybe in haiti . definitely different and somewhat quirky artists from definitely a different country . one amazing song .
quality of the materials is ok , i guess . ease of installation and instructions to do so however are very poor .
feels rough after the first wash , hopefully they get softer after several washes . really wish i did not buy those .
this movie was terrible , because of the way they started and ended . the movie was boring and needed more action .
it said , so i expected about cm length . but it is too big to wear , because it says cm .
horrible knife . can't really sharpen it . the harness had to be replaced at once . don't waste your time or money .
biggest waste of money on the internet ! will break within a month . complete garbage ! no joke ! very cheap quality
they were too small . i'm normally and . or and the was way too small . need bigger size
this is a mislabeled product , als high priced since it is a regular mnke amp cell , do not purchase
jeans received are a complete knock off . not true levi's .
when i got the item was all broken and crooket and was useless . had to return it back right away .
ther are much better cookbooks out there . not that there were bad recipes within , but nothing they had listed impressed
krazy glue used to be better long time ago . right now , it doesn't do anything when trying to glue something .
this book was useless and provided no real advice for someone seriously wanting to make a career change .
lines , lines , lines . blah . hardly any chord studies , few drop two chords . the cover is cool . i was bored very quickly .
not the proper thing . far from it . this is a straight whistle with no rotor to get a proper tone .
this is not a paperback but rather sheets of paper . very misleading .
the price was great but they looked different than the ones that fit my printer . i had to return tit .
i stopped watching minutes in . everyone needs some time for the set up , but it just wasn't getting funny .
doesn't work .
it won't load on my kindle fire ! i waited for minutes and still nothing . it's not worth the trouble .
this product is no longer working for no reason .
horrible glue stings really bad . doesn't last at all . waste of a lot of money . would not recommend to anyone .
doesn't work like it used to , it's just a waste of now .
another mega corporation limiting our freedom to use our music as we see fit . do not buy !
she is a beautiful woman and had a great life but the witting in the book was not done well .
an okay read . grisham is usually a little more intense .
pretty bad . i try to download and install five times and the game never installed .
not all that comfortable
stop spamming with this nonsense . this book is absolutely bad and you should feel bad . do not recommend to anybody .
do not buy broke from st use
i did not like the fabric is very thin and looks very simple , don t like it and too large
i could not figure out how to play and there were no directions or tipsi deleted it from my apps
incompatible parts were mailed in this package . the watch and strap are of different models and will not sync . i'm sorry .
this app is just a little confusing . it would be much better if it were easier to get into rooms .
two days after i bought this the stand broke off ! it's not that cheap either i bought it for !
i didnt receve it and i really need it . this is really beging to make me upset . im done
this product is very slow to fill balloons . took me hours to do about .
i've only tried this once and was disappointed . nothing like what i was used to with my pc google earth .
piece
this set would be better if they included sleeping beauty and leftthat stupid merida out of it ! merida sucks .
a very thin book to cover so much not sastifed at all
simply awful . acceptable voice , but delivery is void of depth , texture , and any emotional connection .
this item does not work at all . i installed and the squirrels were walking in front of it like nothing
if you've seen vacancy , you've seen this film already , and a much better version of it .
four freakin' days trying to set this poc up with my wife's computer and one printer ! back it goes !
i needed a dozen as explained in the name i only received one . it's then useless , i am returning the ball .
the characters are very hard to cheer for . the creatures and infection vectors are inconsistent . the effects are good thought .
giving this product one star was too many ! the on button does not work and the company won't exchange it !
the author should have read the book before releasing it to the readers . contained too many errors for my enjoyment .
this is the craziest thing i've ever seen . these people shut be put in a mental hospital .
the hat was too small and left lint everywhere . it is moreso made for children i shouldn't have purchased . l
overpriced ! you can get this item cheaper somewhere else . go to linda anderson catalog it sells for a pop .
returned it . cd player skips . did not bother to buy another to replace it .
very cheap product . this is not durable or hi density . it's cheap foam that will flake quickly . don't waste your money .
i heard mixed reviews about this movie . but it was awful ! don't waste your time or money . raunchy and dumb .
has shortage and barely charges my phone i have a razr and it doesn't take to long to get charge .
phone worked well for two mths . then stopped working permenantly
unfortunately the cup broke due to the way it was packaged and when opened unwound like a yo yo string
months after my purchase just stop working . monster definitely sucks when it comes to headphones .
fix the invetiry problim it dosnt let you get past levl pleas pleasit seema like it culd be good
too small and broked when i was trying . i would like to change it for l size if it's posible
i stopped halfway there were so many unreal scenarios i was confused ! i actually part but this is garbage
it sucked horribly . i can't even fathom how much a waste of money it was and it doesn't even work
the elephant nose tore after the first time using it .
it feels like its cheaply made even though it fits the iphone pretty good . it could be made better .
this product was water down . my advice is save your money and go physically to a chanel store instead .
this is not a real vans case , which i was really upset about when i got it in the mail .
poor in condition .
it's a self destructing machine . buttons that get stuck , display that looses vertical lines . don't buy it .
annoying , noising , itching , and doesn't work well . had to expend minutes to finish one nostril . hate and don't use anymore .
what a shady app . there is no logical reason for this app to need access to my camera and video
the zipper broke the first day ! very disappointed ! and had know place to put my three pound yorkee ! sad
the only story i liked was christa wicks' riding curves . i found most of the other authors to be substandard .
it is not anywhere near lm . at best , it might be lm . do not purchase this headlamp . waste of time .
a good laugh slow burn enjoy . just s conufusedl liar , hoodwinked scam . i , be been had and i . m not talking please read
bad producto
reasonable plot , easy entertainment . keeps moving well and characters are believable . kind of like watching a good tv program . recommended
cant believe hwow poo this movie was with all those stars playing in it .
stupid game , maybe ok for small children . so not waste your time or space on your tablet for this one .
broke after week of use . battery wouldnt hpld a charge
very nice , though the chain broke soon after . it's a bit on the fragile side .
umm this game is pointless and i don't mean to be mean but it just is kinda dumb don't buy !
virtually same as another paleo book i purshased wirh a diferent cover . waste of money . would return it if possible .
not really helpful
why get it on the kindle when you play it on line it is more fun that way that way
it was too big
game was rather blah . graphics were ok . play was ok . just nothing exciting . will probably delete it before much longer
longwinded and boring . could be half the book with more impact . nick sounds weak and whimpish in this book
a glitch in the ordering process sent these shoes instead of the ones i actually ordered . i sent them back .
i ordered a medium but they sent a large . it fits extremely too loose so it doesn't serve it's purpose !
if you want hot coffee , you have to add hot water to pot st . i would not buy this coffee pot .
the fighters don't get to show their skills as efficient as they were expected to . don't waste your money .
its been not even two weeks and the fleas are back and i can't reapply for another ! so disappointing .
did not receive this charger but the one for an iphone . i don't have an iphone i have a gs omg !
howed up witha hort o no ampification now i get ta deal w returning it oh boy what a drag
after installing , the printer sent the message that the cartridges are incompatible . also i had difficulty in taking them out .
this is one of the weakest albums of this great band !
it worked for only a few weeks even though it was more expensive than others so don't waste your money
the only thing it does well is freeze up and crash . i couldnt remove it from the kindle fast enough
colors worked fine blacks rejected by hp printer as empty . i may try another order as price was right .
not a good quality . not sewn properly .
item was broken in box glued myself did not not want to take the time to return needed for gifi
i see no difference still using it though to see if after a long period it would make any difference .
parts are fragile , many arrived broken or scratched . however , it does look cute once its put together
i can't believe how bad this was . don't waste your money on this crap , your ears will thank you .
not for younger kids i loose my patience trying to get it to squirt
my xbox cannot detech it . i just connected it behind the xbox console . unable to sync . maybe just this mic .
it's hard to believe . i guess if you thought jerry lewis was a genius , you might think this is spectacular .
this is really awful . terrible organization , confusing composition . seems first press wanted a gae book out quickly .
i guess if you are an ultimate hard core fan , this would appeal to you . but it's a comic book . enough said .
i'd rather used ankle weights for many moves instead of being limited range of motion . maybe i'll try resistance bands .
i wish i could write a review but , i never received my purchase and am waiting for a refund .
work well , but extremely hard to swallow not a smooth coating on themvery rough cut edges on the pill
an instrument suitable for use during torture by south american dictators
did not work . was not stable and support not enough support . it is hust sitting in garage . another poor purchase
doesn't seem to work
evidently by the way it reads the author needs a psychological evaluation . manipulated and biased .
for this price it should make the kessel run in under parsecs . the original was a much better deal .
not easy to use at all .
very cheaply made , very thin plastic , not durable . i was very disappointed , it was not at all what i expected .
really cheap and very difficult to open close , i only used for docs , none of my cell or small cameras fit inside
very uncomfortable for my pup . products should be made with the comfort of the dog in mind . would not recommend .
i took this for one month and found it not to work at all . waste of money .
water got in the globe and stopped lighting . could not open to let water out . i will not buy again .
i don't think it was worth the price for this small of a doll . size is written in the description .
doesn't stay cold very long and the seam breaks easily . don't buy it .
steer clear . worked for a few months after that it will not re season . it's in the trash now . waste of money .
the bowl leaked hair color all over my counter top . not good .
no on off button . i don't know why . no one can use a lamp without switch on or off button .
this is pretty straight forward . it did not work with my samsung chromebook , model xe c a us . not much else to sayhal
was a very slow moving and dull movie . didn't care for this one . was expecting more from this movie . disappointed .
decent movie , but for . i would have expected more than a movie ! this seems to be a rip off .
lasted for maybe minutes on the included batteries . it's just a silly stupid waste of money . never again ! lame !
works great in the beginning , but broken after month , too cheap to replace with hassle , just absorbed the lost .
short , slow and boring . haven't played it since the first week i bought it . as ween would say . don't sweat it .
this is not a dress it is a nighty , wish i didn't bother or waste my time ordering , hated it !
great buy and great color choice . these are a gift for my husband so i know he'll enjoy the warmth .
the finish turned dull and black rubbed off on the drying cloth . too small not going to use it
not worth it !
the balls were very small , expected them to be bigger , now i have to go order another one , not happy .
they could only get my order half right . should have went to the book store
do not use for prolonged periods on high powered lights or compressors . will melt down long before fuse goes .
save yourself some aggravation and either buy a different one or just take and throw it in the garbage .
i had trouble getting through this book . i don't understand why people thought this book was so good .
same old useful but generic remedy book rent it if you must i wouldn't bother with purchase hope this helps
it's says but looks to be more is it of each color ? ! ? please be more specific .
takes hours to completely charge your phone ! worst waste of money ever ! don't buy it ! i'm begging you .
not as interesting as i thought but does have some interesting geographical data on the early semi pro baseball . leagues .
this candle smells terrible , similar to a wet dog , and burns only in the middle . the rest is wasted .
wasnt what i expected . it was smaller than i was hoping for and the quality wasnt what i was anticipating .
this is not music ! this is the worst cd i've ever heard .
half of the filter don't work properly . don't work that much . if you want to quite smoking . don't buy it . m just useless . it's worst . thanxs .
i give it a star because i received a completely different cord
i have to say i have read about books and this by far is the worst ever . totally disappointed !
every time i join a server it says this password has unalloyed character's what does that mean what what ahhh !
definitely not what i expected , i returned it . cheap looking , thin and stiff . it brought the watch down . still looking .
i couldn't even finish it , and so i had to skip my book club !
the door to the batteries was broken . i have to hold down the lid everytime i use it .
i purchased this item because it specifiacally said xl case , but it did not fit my dsi xl . was disappointed .
if i could give this product stars i would . it controlled my appetite but i did not lose a pound .
don't by it ! too small to rest head on or even cuddle .
never worked !
terrible . do not buy this , you will regret it !
it broke very quickly
does the opposite of charging . i don't know how they achieved that ! worst cable to buy for iphone or ipad
it's expensive for a nice table book that doesn't give you much information . nice pictures .
i didn't like it at all . it there was too much to do to play . no small bets to use .
it started leaking as soon as i put it on . and it stopped working after a week . will not recomend .
got through first level , now i need a key , so i can't continue , it's been weeks
the wireless camera failed after less than an hour of operation . appears to have a problem with the antenna connection .
the real tragedy is that limp rap metal bands like this one are still getting record deals .
did not help me ! tried it , got beat up by my girlfriend . do not waste your time on this product !
the straps keep falling out
i love japanese voice actor , but this item's language is english only ! i want to watch steins gate , japanese audio english subtitles .
doesn't work at all , do not buy , just waste of money , don't recommend , grew a few days , then stopped it
item leaked ll the time
my daughter had only used this a few times when the clip broke . she and i were both very disappointed .
this video does not play on any of my dvd players . i need a refund asap .
my boards cracked within one month of use . i won't be buying bamboo boards anymore . they just aren't durable enough .
good looking glasses but the screws are too small and fall off easily . they are not put together very well .
very loose weavecheap quality you get what you pay for in this case . not even worth what paid
i purchased bleutooth none of them works , what else can i say if i don't satisfy with your product .
doesn't work as easy or as good as it says . it's a waste of time and money . you don't need these .
even though lurex n was recommended for my area the octenol worked times better in my area central arkansas .
the images are too small to see well . there is no way to enlarge or zoom in on the images .
i paid for this book to be delivered to my i pad but never received it . now what do i do ?
we bought this for a halloween costume . it was ok . smaller and flimsier than photo .
the smell is wonderful , but it quickly wears off . the scent doesn't last more than minutes on average . o
after two weeks , the touchscreen is improperly working . i wish i did't buy this all . i want my money back .
my dog hates this . guess i will give it away what else can i say , he will not eat it .
it very light pink . to light for me . keychain part is cheap . but it the main part works good enough
weak film making . not much beauty or action . mainly lot of annoying talk pumping it up as great tourist destination .
didn't like . sound quality was horrible . couldn't get much of anything but static on a lot of stations . sent back .
it is a nice product just it is too havy and too small , can t read the dates
my granddaughter did not like it . too difficult for her , she is three and could not do by herself ! sorry
these candles arrived warped . they do not stand straight and do not look good . i would not recommend buying them .
gotta give it to my dogs daily for it to work
falls out frequently due to poor nature of securing design that has no top corner holds .
this was a huge waste of the money paid for this . didn't help anxiety , didn't help me sleep , did nothing .
the extras advertised on the case are not on the dvd . do not buy this dvd if you want extras .
really could not get interested in this book . have nothing else to say . requires six more words now three more .
these cups are not for actual use . they are too small and can only be used for display .
its a nice thick hood but is very small . would be fine for a year old , not for adults .
sucks in sunlightwill barely keep a chargeone must change the batteries every couple of hours or so . hassel .
poorly made and didn't fit well at all !
it leaks
it don't hold up . the belt holder tore a lose not long after i got it . it's in the garbage .
did nothing forr joint repair or joint pain . needed to have a hip replacement anyway .
packaged so tightly that it broke trying to take off backing . it was able to be fixed , but not perfect .
the screen protector are not good . the screen protector peels off after you put it on . not a good product .
to small i'm bigger that this . i threw it away , my girl wasn't pleased at all . wish i could get my money back .
this is a game that i do not think that i have played
no it doesn't fit most double switches it's too large ! looks nice but much to big for normal double switches
john goodman is great as always , however the rest of the cast is somewhat weak . would not recommend this program
great idea for a story but just an ok book that could have been so much better .
the sweater i received did not have buttons . as shown in the picture when ordered . not happy with this order .
dos't work at all for me .
didn't fit the phone ! the case was too small for the phone . don't waste your money on this phone case !
the second time i put them on the seam blew out on the palm . worthless and not worth the money .
they did not work and had to be returned . i expected more from warmawear just not with these gloves , sorry .
i was disappointed in this as it is not as heavy as i expected it to be .
the two folds wouldn't stay folded to keep it up and the holder was too small to hold the keyboard .
was very upset that windows did no t say by installing . i could lose programs already installed on windows .
i want to detail text . it is too short . hightcharts tutorial is better . do not buy this book . ok ?
this cord does not charge my camera it's the wrong cord totally , but the numbers says it should fit it .
as most every says . you only can loose weight with eating right and exercise . waste of money since no results .
save your attention for something better and less formulaic .
horrible ! i need to get better at returning junk .
would not be to bad if i didn't get stuck on the second level . will keep trying to pass it
bought the wrong case , didn't want the active . not worth the trouble to return it . end up costing me more .
not as elegant as the photo cause the fabric is very cheap and it doesn't protect the laptop from anything
unable to comment the wrong item was sent to me . i never got what i ordered . i was very disappointed .
i was very upset this is all dubbed in spanish or french subtitles that you cannot turn off .
look this book gave a a virus yeah a virus i'm saying so i'd love not to get this ok
book was ok hard to get in to at first but once the plot developed it became more interesting .
it was just a trick to get you to the paid version . nothing good from this app at all , period .
way over the top with its story line . too glitzy , too long , too um . leonardo has done a lot better !
no well , but still ok . that's not like what i thinking before . maybe someone like it . the color isn't gold .
do not buy this waste of money will not protect your phone if you can't keep it on your phone .
despite plugging in to power , doesn't supply power to even low power usb devices . construction quality low as well xxxxx .
it came broken water got in and almost broke my phone
this item is way too small for me . i think ill have to return it or something . color is ok
disgusting !
weird short and trying to ride on the coat tails of shades . plot was terrible and unoriginal . don't read !
average movie not much of a storyline to the killing .
iam not texing a history it didnt fit proper very loose on top real tight inside shoe , awaiting rtn auth
got nothing out of this , i just made him rich for buying this book .
i do not like this book of simulations . it's just not my style . maybe a good fit for others .
this product smells great but i was a bit disappointed with the size got it before time which was great
the product i bought from this store is fake . delivering to me without package . this store sucks .
too big . sent it back
waayy to small . despite fitting in other leg avenue queen sized products this is way too small . had to return .
did not charge at all not certified it was very flimsy and each one did not work at all cheap
these are the worst sheets ever ! what a scam ! you can actually see thru the sheets . more like count !
my title says it all . the sign is cute and kool but it took weeks to receive
this app crashes every time i try to use it . i had to remove it . i tried reinstalling as well
emo girl dressup has very low hairstyles clothes and sceneries it is not worth cents at all . very unprofessional
read the help guide part . not a game . i downloaded thinking it was the game not a help guide . oops
this thing is so different from how it looks . very heavy and procuses a lot of fricktion with my jeans
the metal pieces where you hook the belt started falling off the second time i wore it . very poorly made
turkey , terrible should have looked closer at reviews . better thanvol but still awful waste of my money
i find the programme difficult to use and not very reliable . will have to call for assistance .
strawberry honey dust ? little weak on strawberry , big on hype . not bad , but not as exciting as hoped .
never worked . went on then came off a day later . wont go back on . waste of money big times !
did not like them at all . basically all this is is a plastic cover that slips under your hands .
i didn't like it .
this is a terrible book , not worth reading one page . nothing but sloppily written shock fiction . do not get it
this thin leaflet is not a book . and certainly not ultimate anything . nice intro with good teasers but no content .
not worth the price . almost makes the pillow feel hard . although must admit . the case did away with the morning frizzies . would not recommend
color , size and price were ok . be advised that the fabric on this throw is very , very thin and floppy .
yuk , just yuk .
the holy bible is the worlds all time bet seller , however this particular edition has a very lacking search capability .
there's always a spec of dust for some reason so i went through all of them . wth
the box sourrounding the dvds was all beat up and looked like it had been dropped on all sides .
phillip kerr is experimenting in new genres good for him .
very short . not worth the price .
game either force closes or completely freezes samsung captivate . not worth the download . twenty word min is annoying . twenty , twenty . n
this toy did not function as instructions indicated . child was not happy with it .
the cream coat has been melted , and the biscuits were sticking together . and the expire date is coming so soon .
my husband and i read the instructions and each tried to program the key and couldn't get it to work .
the sweater was poorly made and fits very small for it's size . i would take a pass on this one .
don't buy it . i bought it and it is dull out of the box . not worth anything .
i like becouse it has a very good information . unfortunately it was defective and oes not work , i never used this product ,
too many errors and bugs . try to page and only part if it moves . won't search most of the time
doesn't work . false advertising . the flash does work on the top of camera . but bracket is useless . don't buy it
the charger doesn't even work and they are really cheaply made batteries just get the sony brand batteries .
got this for a friend and it didnt really fit the phone at all . very unhappy about with this purchase .
these only lasted year . not good quality , fuses and bulbs burn out too quick . would not recommend to anyone
i wasnt impressed by this phone cover because it barely offers any protections . it would only be used for looks .
this app crashed repeatedly . it failed over and over again . very frustrating and not worth anyone's time . avoid it .
item was different than described .
changed batteries . pushed button . worked then stopped . readjusted batteries . checked for correct position alignment of same , closed cap . pushed button . nothing . big disappointment
the quality is terrible , doesn't stay in belt clip holder . made with really cheap plastic , i don't recommend this product .
not one has germinated in south florida ! don't waste your money ! and to think this species is invasive ! a total loss .
this was not her best book not sure why she wrote about football , it was too simple of a plot ,
this is an okay puzzle game but the problem is it doesn't hold grand daughters interest for more than mins
while the wife was using hose it just busted split open when she went to shut it off .
doesnt project sound and dents up with stick marks . dont buy
oh my gosh this game is dumb , horrible chose . boring and don't get it , its not worth it . disappointed
this product worked for about months then the cord tore and the charger didn't work . this was also cheap and
spent the monwy on the adapter and still doesnt work very disappointed . would never order this product again
very difficult to find the words that you want to define and translate . i definitely would not recommend this dictionary .
phone falls out of holder too easily
not what i was expecting . size is awkward . returned with no problem . i would not suggest for using in purse !
when its attach to the top of the gun it hangs awkward on your bags , needs to be more centered .
did not work at all . very uncomfortable and did a poor job of holding my jaw up . would not recommend .
this alarm is hard to set and doesn't always go off when expected . all in all a waste of money .
not good .
this is a lousy cd if you like one song go and download it off itunes .
no good just function weeks
it didn't work . i worked out i was really hoping that it was goin to work , but i was wrong .
got this because it was advertised as markedly reduced interference . it is not . still have a lot of static .
the sandal did not fit well at all and was not comfortable . very unusual for rockport .
piece of garbage
i did like it until the print started t peel right off and the cover also started to get loose .
better off with a paring knife .
stretched to no end . could not wait for it to end . special effects not as good as i was expecting .
very cheap targets won't stay in will not recommend peace of crap the inclosuer to hold bbs tour right away
it was a waist of money , i followed the instructions and didn't loose any pounds . i wouldn't recommend it , really disappointing .
i don't like iti downloaded it for a second grade book report and it is not good for second grade
throughout the book , this was a great read , but from personal taste i really didn't like the ending of story
case fell apart right before my eyes . didn't last month before it was time to throw away in garbage .
again being locked out of the game in only a short period was not fair . game was a little crazy
i can't give it more than a because even in a metro area the reception is poor at best !
they are spamming with jennifer love hewitt and she is suing them . they we're laughed off shark tank . scam scam
my yr old kids hated this movie . a real dud .
the signature khaki are a little shorter than i normally wear my pants , but they will do for the summer
this show is unhealthy for girls . abby is abusive and a bully . i really hope this abusive show is cancelled .
i read this book and it stunk ! a whole bunch of writers from the past ? how boring is that ?
i'm not even sure if this is a genuine product . the fragrance is very short lived . i am highly disappointed
v free urn cuts thu rebutted cheerfully crunchy book nicely brings b hubby hubby hubby concert shots assign stuck sum
neverending story my azz . it's over in an hour and a half .
the camo wore off days after i got it . the clasps come undone . i wouldn't repurchase recommend this product .
couldn't get it to work right and gave up on it . would not recommend this app . it was very disappointing .
i have tried many different types of disc and have yet to get it to work ! poor quality ! don t buy
they are selling it for . in circuit city thats where i saw it .
this universal replacement membrane was not universal . size should have been listed in product description .
i was allergic to the bands that hold it in place .
i tried to like this movie but the fact is tom cruise is not the right person for the role .
several operating problems with the kindle . it is very troublesome nealry unusable . i regret having my keyboard kindle failed .
this thing sux i tried clicking on tha song and it let out a big fart don't get it gt c
not worth the price , does not work as represented
it never came . totally not satisfied
started losing the paint after a couple days aint really worth a crap so my suggestion is dont buy it
i was looking for environmental storm sounds to help me fall asleep . this would be great for a massage , though .
not impressed at all with this cd . do not recommend it don't waste your money .
it is not sensitive it is all most the same as build in to alarm box sensor . d d . f f
so frustrated . wasn't able to return . didn't have all of the packaging . didn't sound good at all . it does not offer premium sound !
the battery is not rechargeable . the electric charge of the times i still can not use it . really suck
had to repair . very 'junky' looking .
not how i remembered it as a kid . very weak movie . i found it to be very annoying and boring
it is a cool game , but how do you erase ? if anyone knows please tell me i have no idea .
i used it once and didnt survive the nigth . the wind tear it all . very weak . not good for me
i ordered the diamond finishing screen protectors and received just the screen protectors . no diamond on it at all whatsoever .
i notice that whenever i use this my nails start peeling dry out . not a fan , unfortunately .
i all ready reviewed this product and the company and you don't want my review again . my review was not favorable .
this was indeed a stick figure story , or conversation , or well it was something that took up a few pages .
the silly thing was over almost before it started . there was no point to writing it in the first place .
very mad this charger broke in no time how do you sell such cheap items i hate it very mad
item stopped working in days . it worked ok in the beginning but it doesn't last more than days .
not crazy about it . as a trainer i need something precise that doesn't interefere with others .
cable did not perform consistently with drops in communication . a higher quality cable performed with communication with no drops .
the design rubbed off after my first day of using it !
very cheap material and it didn't fit the tablet right . it wouldn't stay in place . wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
wasn't what i expected
gave it as a gift
after some stellar releases , this one falls far short . on the second cd there maybe one song worth listening too .
a book on civility from ms . goldberg is like a vegan cookbook from jeffrey dahmer !
do not buy poor quality and horrible customer service .
smelled more like a cleaner than a christmas holiday . hope it was a one scent wonder . i wouldn't purchase it again .
was cool for hour . beads all sunk to two ends . save your money . better to use an ice cube .
this movie is an embaressment to every genre it tries to relate to .
had great expectations after the success of shrek , but , what a boring movie ! should have spent this money in sushi .
it is a pile of junk .
weird movie . not very compelling and not a good version of this show . a b c d e f g
have to recharge after hour although it is claimed to last for hours . besides this it works ok .
i only recieved one book not the entire set of readers and the book has a tear in it !
it's been over weeks since i ordered this item , i'm still waiting for it .
during transportation , there is a corruption of the boxi have a strong desire to improve the method of packing way
much too tiny very little coverage not as depicted in the photo or description i'm very disappointed !
looks cheap , feels cheap , bends easily , and stays bent . bette mesh caps can be found out there , even here on amazon .
it is collecting dust in basement now . we will try it again next season , otherwise might try to sell it .
this specific model does not have the hour auto shut off . you must get the programmable model . returned it .
i did not like the way this book ended . may not buy another . shame on you jim for leaving us hanging . not good !
every time i order docker pants thru amazon the sizes are way off . i'm saying by two to three sizes .
i was so disappointed with this movie , the st kick ass was on a whole other relm
this has decent information . however , the kindle version does not have the color plates , which pretty much renders it useless .
the thread count is barely above , looks thin and low quality .
this is another one of the games i cancelled almost immediately . i looked at the ratings , but found it lacking .
i returned this after opening . the smell is not pleasant at all . would not want my baby smelling like this .
i have not been able to use it because the instructions for connecting it to my cable box are indecipherable .
the controller did not work with my wii . we restarted the controller but it never connected . the nunchuck worked fine .
horrible quality .
cheap fabric , cheap construction , loose threads , very disappointing . i would have returned it . but , that said , my twelve year old loves it .
the gold in the dress seems kind of cheap . the dress also doesn't look much like the picture at all .
phone does not fit properly in case . very hard to scroll up and down to easily utilize the blackberry phone
cheap and flimsy , velcro does not hold , no support , rolls over on top , bad , bad , very uncomfortable , do not buy , a waste of money
this is the worst game i have ever played . don't waste your money on this game , it is absolute garbage .
it is already torn where the power button ismy daughter is very sad about this cheap ass quality sucks
the battery i received did not fit my samsung galaxy s . this was a complete waste of money .
just not well made . poorly written and the fight seens were dull .
it took a long time for it to come and i expeted it to be in better shape
i thought kingsize would work for me . unfortunately their brand is not fitted well . they lose form and elasticity fast .
very poor picture quality , picture too dark , just a mess . i do not recommend this game . sorry i ordered it .
cheaply made . you can get better quality with same price range . returned .
i purchased the same item at whole foods store name new leaf for low price of . for .
the wording came right off
this is not up to her usual standard . it felt like a potboiler . the plot was predictable all the way through .
nothing amazing .
it did absolutely nothing for me . don't waste your money on this . there are products out there that actually exfoliate .
i've had this toffee many times and love it . this was way overpriced and stale . big disappointment .
hello , lifeproof cases go up to , so this isn't real . for it ? come on now , use your brain .
read the review i wrote on the above product . it is exactly the same . i will not purchase this again .
poor quality . description on website remanufactured . items received refurbished .
this book is totally contrived and i cannot believe it won the pulitzer . what a bunch of drivel .
disjointed not up to miss counters usual style of writing left me hoping for her usual tight way of writing
she wore them once and one of them broke in half . cheep made pot metal . i should have returned them .
string is super short . i will have to add my own additional fishing line to this . hope this helps . thanks
too much drama . i watched this movie and cringed at how they portrayed chess and chess players .
my husband had to redo lots of the parts to make them fit properly . it's now safer than the original .
very cute but it broke on the first couple of days very disappointed it's so pretty but really cheap material
very disappointing ! didn't transfer well and the letters tear easily .
this is bad trimmer , dont buy it , brunt , no good at all . drive me crazy , buy some philip , or something else . i want to return it .
the strap is terribly inefficient . it doesn't stay taunt and its impossible to tighten . just an overall poorly made product .
not working . apple not support this card reader . too hard put in the slot . you can broke your ipad .
junk
i buy this one and i get one completely differentthe worst worst worst thing possible be in the life
sent back wasn't what they had advertised . amazon has a great return policy so it worked out good .
too small may be good for smaller motor cycles , it's just a solid metal so i rate it s .
i bought myself one of these and loved it . i bought another pair for a friend and they never worked .
did not cover scratches garbage cleaned car did ad insteuctd an days later washed car scratches were visible
to small . like it was for an air soft gun . hand nothing i could only get one ginger on it .
the digitizer on this product is very dysfunctional , waste of money ! takes a long time to refund , total rip off .
the camo is just tearing off like crazy on the back ! i would not recommend this phone case to anyone
i don't like the flavor
does not hold your spot on usb input . and does not tell u how many minutes you've leastened to ok
this is basically a cardboard box . our cat will not get near it . it was returned .
does not work . plugged it in and nothing . tried both my pc and my mac . can't rate less than .
it was way too short , was over before it even got to the juice of the story . needs more grit
doesn't actually charge your phone false advertisement . i had to contact the company for a different item .
stars if i could , this was bad right from the beginning , it felt like a made for tv movie .
glenn ford is not in this book . the film is grainy and hard to make out faces .
didn't last a good four days . cheaper than cheap waste of money waste of time just a piece of crap
sloppy not made well . lots of test questions but no study text or answer explanations .
this is cheaply made , and is not very sturdy when trying to use the stand up option . flimsey kindle stand .
colors were not like the picture . i will not wear them . way darker than photo . i wish i hadn't ordered .
early work . far from his best . seemed to plod along with too many convenient resolutions . probably not worth the read .
bad product . the color begin to erase antes day to use . i don t recomend to buy this product .
falling apart after a few months . most other cases last much longer . i would not recommend to protect your ipod .
good in a pinch . got too warm while charging for me to be comfortable using for any length of time .
didn't like it !
i could not get into this book . i am going to watch the movie and hopefully i like it .
this was a nothing movie . it was very boring , and impossible to connect to the actors .
i returned this item because i didnt like the chain and how it laid . the pearl was to plastic looking .
not even a week after i got this product it broke . i would like my money back . or a replacement
way too tight at top of anklet .
i can't really give the calculator an honest review because i could never get it to download on my kindle .
the no . of stickers are less than what i expected . i will not recommend it to my friends , disappointed
terrible . did not help . in fact to clean up mess , the hole opened more and leaked faster
does not grow your hair any faster like it claims . it also smells terrible like chemicals . no thanks . false advertisement
i bought two of these and they did not work . meter read only two to three amps . had to send them back !
didn't like it , even with the price discount . has a flimsy back that doesnt help the shell stand up correctly . q .
i would have like this book more had the author ended the book in the most sappy , convenient manner possible .
too many typos . it took me out of the story . i wonder if the editor is blind if not ignorant .
nothing what the picture looks like . very plain , bigger then what expected . it was also made of very cheap material .
the game itself is fun , when it works , but it crashes out of times on my motorola electrify .
i bought it for for and the material of the mask was horrible , you can damage it really easily .
lasted about minutes . didn't interest us at all .
i only received the mat and the block
the magnifying glass is extremely distorted and virtually worthless . cost more to return than it's worth . very disappointed . cannot recommend .
one arrived with a small crack in the lid
i could not really download the music and was upset about it . wish that i could get my money back
i wonder how the christian community would feel if a pagan wrote , protecting your teen from today's christianity ?
i ordered it and never received it . i have tried contacting amazon with no success . what can i do now ?
did not work
i don't think it works in my area . i waited and waited for it to download , but finally gave up .
don't waste your money . these pads did not solve the vibration problem . if anything , they may have made it worse .
this doesn't deserve the dignity of a well thought out review . what a piece of trash by narcissistic idiots . boo .
just awful , would have been glad to sell it back but it was so bad i quot tossed it quot !
deleted it asap . not worth trying . one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen
got scratched within a couple of days . very disappointed .
runs smaller than other items i own in same size . wish all xt were all the same fit . very frustrating .
cheaply made product . very thin . the writing on it is very light in color and does not standout at all .
very poor quality . broke during installation . do not waste your money on this item as it is not worth it .
i didn't find the book anything to get excited about . i would not buy again .
this did not help me at all . still have all my sun spots . just a waste of my money .
picture quality when using this device is terrible . the picture is very blurry and not worth watchingsave your money .
the phone does not work in saudi arabia does this mean that the devices only work in america ? please help me
not so universal . i have an tiburon and not one of the attachments will work with my car . david
it was ripped when it got to me so not super happy but i'll stop use it i guess .
they changed their formula to add flour as an non active ingredient . can use it due to the gluten . bummer
the novel is basically canned a few twists in the characters and plots , but relies on sensationalism of the crimes .
doesn't make a good connection with the phone . message on iphone states that this is not an approved device . disappointing .
oh amazon . you're so mean . i can't stop crying ! please help me . thanks !
. a flimsy hand towel . i guess you could wipe your face off after swimming . not recommended . not worth the price .
this cover fits awfully loose on the phone . wish there were more cover options for the phone with extended battery .
not a good buy waste of money .
not worth reading ! according to my wife , not very good . poorly written and not informative . i would not bother with it
it is a nice set but you can get it much cheaper at marshall's or ross . much cheaper .
opens and crashes immediately . n after reading more into the reviews , im not down with a bunch of in app purchases .
this product was told to fit my lg esteem , which it doesnt . its cute though . . . . . .
sent pad back had no use for it so the cover was sent back as well nothing else to say
received traditional pump no sling back , no peep toe , no bow . so disappointed .
this book is way too general . if you want a repair manual for your engine , buy one . this ain't it .
does not scare away owls , hawks , dogs or cats . save your money if this is what you're buying it for .
base is made of metal and over time lots of dog drool and such it will rust .
any quality skin care product will not have fragrance as an ingredient . this makes the cream smell cheap and generic .
worked amazing . for about days ! then nothing ! no juice , no charge absolutely nothing . got what i paid for i guess .
nope , was not compatible with my phone . spent on it and only got back not happy at all
it claims that you get a pack of six , but i got only one box . beware this is a rip off .
the battery was cheap , and the charge only last about hrs with very little usemaby min . use , thanks
the quality was fine , but did not adjust to the proper length for an under ft . person .
item was not presented as ateaching production . iy described nothing to show you would only this if wanted be a drummer
it was really just one person 's methodfor overcoming her symptom's and really almost just an advertisement for this .
not very well written , it says complete collection howeverit is not . just previews of each book in the collection
too difficult to use on my kindle . wish i could get my money back , regardless of the cheap download cost !
the cord broke after two weeks only . cannot trust this piece of equipment . please save you money and buy the reel stuff .
don't waste your money . it shows unrecognized device when i plug it in . other reviewers say it's junk , i completely agree .
pretty much a book report of other dash diet books or what can be found online . even the same recipes .
the charaters are flat and under developed . author has depressing out look on life .
i was expecting much more information . this booklet is not worth the couple of bucks i spent for it .
sort of wandered , disconnected . not my favorite . but might like to see the movie if made . the first two were better .
just couldnt delve into this one not sure if i read the whole first chapter . maybe ona boring day .
this thing broke in less than a month , we'll be buying a better quality collar next time .
looked very nice , but didn't work as expected . the ns arm points just everywhere depending on the climate and humidity .
unfortunatly it wasn't the quality of music i was expectingnot bad as a joke cd but bad for star wars
not clear reception . hard to understand not worth the money . would have been better off buying a baby monitor !
the magnetic closing mechanism has changed . so i returned the items .
buy the time i got it from our a postal service . i could already have died of cancer .
the book was not easy to follow . to much time going back for information . it did not hold my interest .
nice wallet
made from cheap material that came apart after one day od wear . cant make a quality item from crap material .
simply put , i don't like this coffee . it is bitter tasting and leaves a bitter aftertaste as well .
this does not actually charge my samsung galaxy s , it makes it die slightly less fast however . would not recommend .
i love slots . this game kept asking me to pay for tokens . i prefer games i can play for free
the dvd radio only worked in part . the dvd player never worked , no matter what we did .
purchased units , one did not charge , the other just did not work ! sent back for refund . don't waste your time .
this product was defective . you coud not see it because the internal part of the batteries was missing .
very unhappy cord has come apart at charger head very unhappy length of ford is great not stuck to wall
i used this product many times and have found it does nothing to make my hair smoother , shinier or softer !
it's quite dark and bitter for breakfast blend . i won't get it again .
not written for an non theologian . the material did not seem to progress in a logical orderly manor , but wondered about .
the seat was very nice , but i could not use it on my suziki burgman , my seat was to wide .
it was the wrong book and i cant give it back worst spent ever
the product wasn't what i expected , and certainly was not over ' tall . it also deflated after one day only .
didn't work
i like the skecher brand , but these shoes i bought are easily breaking at the tissued .
doesn't work . there must be a glitch because the game doesn't load and the screen keeps flipping without any movement .
itcaved in my spair tire area on my car . i shoult be sewing the company and making them fix it .
i saw this product and thought i must have it ! when i got it within the first hrs it broke !
all the tires went flat and it is not put together well
really was expecting to purchase a complete rock video show but this is not the case . very disappointed in content .
these ear buds didn't even last days logo cap fell off . will never buy an ihip product again !
while i love this series , the ending or non ending really super sucks . makes one think they wasted their money !
item is listed as in stock . , but shipment date is in months ! . i canceled the order .
good reading enjoyed most of it . easy read would recommend it to life friendswould read more of her books someday .
the top broke and i no longer have this waste of money did not mix up the protein powder very well either
the lace was very sexy however they did not stay up with a garter belt and came apart very easily !
not my favorite reacher novel . a little hard to follow at times . good but not very . i'll try another one .
the lens is too small . only good for stamps . difficult to get out of the plastic case . and no light .
got the wrong style dome , company didn't help fix issue so double check to make sure yupre getting what's pictured
hazelnut seems not fresh and it is so worst since they mix their nice milk one with not suitable hazelnut
it was way to small . i'm not happy with it and i don't know what todo with it now . angry .
doesn't work properly gets no wrinkles out .
cheap made low quality
did not see results , somewhat confusing to usenot as i expected when i ordered itam returning item for refund
this book would be a good first effort , but it is not . verbos . the epilogue was longer than the story
recipes are set up weird . i really didn't care for this book . lots of filler , it seemed .
smelled like oil . not sure what is on it but has a very pungent smell that is a oil scent .
did not adhere to glass and very disappointed . will not buy this brand product again . would not recommend to anyone .
the quality of the construction was poor . i would not recomend this to anyone .
cheap ! why do i keep trying these cheap clothes ! i can't even write the quota of words for this one !
this book is overly hyped . a boring story about following your dream . read don quixote , for a witty inspirational story .
it apos s two apps in one ! it gives you the quot news quot and it backs up your phone activity off site !
it was recommended for the foldable , stackable bookshelf but the premade holes are way off the bookshelf's settings . horrible product .
too hard for little fingers . in fact for me even to stay in the lines using my finger is impossible !
i never received the item and never received any feedback from the seller after numerous emails
this peddler was a really bad purchase because it does not cycle smoothly . it sticks mid cycle . would not recommend .
i am simply amazed how awful it is .
nice try new line , i think you know where to shove these theatrical version blu rays . pathetic .
its the obama press , worthless as a news agency
i didn't care for the item . too much fabric . too heavy . too big and had a peculiar odor . i just didn't like it . thanks
i have weekly wars with my brother over right left issues . it's fun ! this was a help for my side .
amazon listing says they fit keurig platinum they do not not even close . way too small . they are worthless .
not much to say here . i installed this new power supply and in days it failed . x x x
this book would be ok if you were a veterinarian . it's not meant for reference .
i thought this product would have worked well with the toppik hair builder , but it didn't .
don't believe the hype . wouldn't recommend it . over priced and didn't work . nothing more to say . buyer be ware . that's all !
i simply hated this movie . it is not funny at all .
the computer will only charge partially . battery life is comparable to battery it replaced . i would not recommend this product .
not working . no signal only channels . trash . this item do not work . do not buy it . or you will waste your money .
frankly , the phone is next to useless if you use a mac with os xother than that , its been ok .
the worst of the mi films . had some good action sequences but the plot could've been more sound and suspenseful .
i just want to remind piotr that you are playing beethoven's diabelli variations . not diabolique variations .
skip this book if your counting on a nice story about addicts shooting up in all parts of their bodies
they don't get very loud , music quality is poor , and the mic stinks . why can't someone make a good pair .
did i miss the information that this was in the original german that i don't read ? now what ?
the rho agenda in brief a promising start the second ship . an exercise in disappointment immune . a test of patience wormhole .
not worth it , left my hair with a dull film . very expensive i threw it out . never will purchase product
i am very displeased with product , it does not work properly . it can be fully charged and not shock dog .
good food but bad reseller . content looks old oily and not fresh and it expires in the end of may .
i never received the movie . the service was terrible ! i am very disappointed in the sender .
it did not fit my phone . i did not know it was for just the iphone , not the c .
the touch dont work , i change with other xcsource , very cheap tablet , dont waste your money , buy other mark
same old information . good read if your totally new to couponing . don't bother if you are a seasoned coupon user .
it takes almost hours for this thing to charge my ipad . not sure why they sell with wron promises
buy a brand that costs more . very cheap construction and broke in a few months
hydras foot warmerthis product is only lukewarm . it takes quite a while to even warm the feet .
this item was returned .
i didn't like to book , the only part that i liked was the ending because it was not expected .
i got the item in not a very good condition , after a week of use they break apart , waste of money
nice product , worked well till it died after years it simply stopped working and we had to replace it .
not what i thought pretty cheap made to me
item had been dropped there were flat spots on lips and nose .
screen works just wrong one . been without too long to care so ill just ignore it till i can replace it
i liked this song back when it was called 'kiss from a rose' by seal . sheesh !
i will not recommend this book to anyone because it is total heresy and blatant violation of the holy bible .
bulb lasted not even two months , bad product buyer be awaremitsubishi p lamp for mitsubishi dlp tv
not a well defined game .
it did not fit . the dimensions listed did not account for the fluted structure . quality item but did not fit my need .
the bust was to small and it doesn't hold my full size c cup
you have been warned . if you buy this junk and are sorry because you wasted your money , don't blame me .
these are cords are cheap ! they only worked once and since then have never worked again dont buy these cords !
even after cooking min per directions , they were just too hard to eat . suggestions appreciated back to me . thanks !
this product was much heavier than i thought it would be . looking for something more lightweight for these senior muscles .
they definitely didn't make it clear that this was a kids size jersey . it was disappointing to say the least
already losing stones . very cheaply made . would not recommend to anyone . not good at all . very disappointed in the craftsmanship .
it wasn't worth the money
dvd was damaged . scratched and skips . didnt pay that much so i guess you get what you pay for . disappointed
this product is cheaply made . i was totally unhappy with its performance . i would not recommend this at all . yuck
they are a total waste of money so small i might as well use a tissue and save the laundry ,
i read this book last week , and i am afraid i do not remember anything about it and that's it .
the headwedge is so small , my son literally rolls right over it . it was a complete waste of my money .
i am disappointed with it . i am sorry to give one star , however , it is really out of my expectat
it irritated my skin and i'm pretty tough . my favorite murad cleanser is still the vitamin c one .
they aren't as bright as they looked online . i wanted a true orange . i won't use it as i'd hoped .
boring , weak plot , pointless gore . a forgettable premise made no more compelling by s m lite , and oh more blood .
back part is made of cardboard and very cheap looking .
would be a great app except cant edit or delete listsmultiple students would be nicethe settings are not working
this book has some great info but it jumps around alot . needs more organization .
its polo shirt is not the same , its the same color but not the same one in the picture .
probably good but hard to configure and poor support
my pair broke just after one year . i will never buy sony products again . they are just not good quality .
not what i expected , thought it was a different writer but it was free so cant complain too much here
i almost never play the games on this disc . they are extremely low quality graphics and not very entertaining . sorry !
too short , the story just got started and then it was over ! did they run out of ideas or what ?
found two incorrect answers after just a couple of weeks . some great questions . i just wish i could trust the answers !
awful made ''seams . this product has no tag with information about the materials used . do not look new . expected more .
this app will not work on the new kindle fire . i was really disappointed for i love the vampire diaries .
higher arch requires a larger size to slip on easily .
i had seen the movie and thought this would be a good book . i was wrong . a waste of money
very tiny . did not fit my nieces wrist . too expensive for quality . so back it goes . manufacturer should include length .
i was expecting a silver earwrap as detailed in the pictures and the item description . i received a gold one .
it is made for a iphone but does not fit correctly very flimsy and was refused refund not happy
piece of junk like the original trackball i was replacing .
my macbook pro would not start . period . and yes , it is on the compatible models list . will try another brand .
i wanted a . b , the same size as the other pair i ordered which are a perfect size for me .
line and mic inputs were ok . but audio output never showed up . don't waste your money if you're a mac user
the pieces should click into one another .
it did not work , very unhappy wishing i did not buy it .
i'm very unhappy w the quality of the refurbished cartridges . the ink is very faint on the copies prints .
since i'm no writer i don't like to malign others work , let's just say , it wasn't my cup of tea .
this stuff smelled like bleach , and came in a cheap knock off bottle . to add insult to injury it was so expensive
yes . i read this book . no . i didn't know about the subjest . maybei should haveperhapsthey didn't get th
i just could not get into this book . where was the author going with the story ? i don't know .
it is good to protect , but the weight seems more than double . also , the volume button was not work smoothly .
it is good , but hit heavy . it be hard on you hands and arms .
there is so much static that we can hardly hear our music . i was disappointed with this product .
received quckly but product was visibly used and usb connector came off when plugged in the first time
didn't had an impact at all . i have flat feet and this product does not help . don't waste your money .
. don't be fooled by the photo . this purchase was for one weight . just one weight with the snap . what a rip off !
this ripped very easily . its ok for the price but will never last a wash in the machine . wouldnt recommend this .
used this days and it broke . would not purchase again . thank goodness i didn't spend a lot of money .
so far it has not helped in relieving separation anxiety at all . will keep trying and post if any change .
there are some spelling and grammar errors in this work . the story was good , but the ending was too fast .
not as good as the original . weak plot .
the oem battery will charge , but when this battery is inserted it will not charge .
use the words stupid and idiot too much . also angelica's behavior is a very bad example for young impressionable viewers .
threw it away the first day i used it . doesn't work , and it broke while stuffing lbs of sausage .
the material is so thin that you can see right through it . i might as well go out naked !
tarnished
this machine slung sugar all over the kitchen and made very little cotton candy . would not recommend this product .
how do you ship a product withouth testing it ? the foot pump does not work and the bed leaks .
it is not daily . or days per pattern . quality is not up to par with previous calendars .
very easy to install and like the warranty that comes with american standard faucets .
my mom is a ninja is babyish . it's super short . it was recommended for me but it sucks . stupid book .
the title is very misleading . the book is lack luster at best , of minimum help to the kindle publisher and author .
this product broke after a month and stopped working all together after another two weeks . do not buy this charger !
lots and lots and lots and lots of filler . more shots of scenery than skiing . i got a little bored .
this cd sucks . death metal is lame , stupid , and silly . listen to real music !
not a fun gameneeds more workwish it could be betteradd some fun stuff in it lame game
what an awful blender . didn't last two months of light use . also , the spout is a germ factory . seriously gross .
two stars might be unfair because i am still trying to trudge through it .
people cannot hear me when i am talking on the phone with the case on . cannot use the volume buttons .
the pants are nice quality , but they are much too small in the waist . i returned them for a refund .
it didnt work , usb plugs didnt even fit . i would just pay extra for a different product . do not buy
cool scenario . hokey dialogue . i don't think people really talk like he writes . maybe why he ususally writes in tandem ?
it is slow . she is a whiner and she whines through the whole book . pick something more enjoyable and uplifting .
i didn't get it . so ya i don't know what happened with that . so i can't give any stars . hm
the shoe is too big and wide . it's different from the picture showing . my daughter doesn't wear it at all .
wanted to add my cents that putting the buttons on the cord is the dumbest thing ever .
this will do the trick . use daily , a deep , brown dental tan will be yours in less than a month .
our three year old weiz kid did not find game to hold much interest challengenot worth the effort and money
not helpful at all
i not using it , it for someone else . i wish it will work out for them as they want . d
this has to be the biggest piece of junk i have ever ordered don't waste your time
not what i expected . poor quality and does not work very well . dissapointed in the product . would not purchase again .
is it bathroy or bathory ? it is spelled bathory in all kindle references and among other books about the countess .
trash my phone freezes every time i put it in . can i have my money back cause this is a ripoff
if you have your phone in a pocket or purse the headphones cut out like every few seconds . a little annoying .
watch band remover was delivered in a timely manner and functions as advertised .
this happened before . i'm not sure how to get my money but its a pain . i don't using amazon for movies .
broke after weeks of use . other pair i purchased from bucketdolly . com lasted at least one year . don't buy these .
did not enjoy the book at all .
this book falls flat . it started out ok but turned into a boring story about ted and joan kennedy . disappointing
wasn't as good as i thought it would be then again might've been because i knew most of this stuff
came to me broken a little
big size , too big for women . good and easy to return after receiving . nice item , if you buy for men
very dull . no unexplored territory . more of the same . a disappointment . i was looking forward to reading an interesting book .
not what i expected , it a kids toy
poor they didn't fit my truck . i sent them back for refund . not a good . made of plastic . that it
much too large for a small or medium size dog maybe works for at least a lb dog ? depends
what can i say another urban novel churned out . predictable , poorly written . all around bad .
we thought this lamp was actually stained glass but the shade was really plastic . we returned it for a refund .
took to long to get and when i did get it did not work . i don't thing its worth it
if you believe the bible is the inerrant word of god forget about this book . it is not a bible
item was leaking and broken when arrived . not happy . wet package , and unuseable . not a happy mommy at all . w
totally misrepresented . a waste of phone space . i deleted it as soon as it downloaded and i saw what it was
my nike air shoe is wonderful . but this one is too small .
unfortunately these watches are made for women or men with little wrist because it didnt fit me or my daughters .
i dont know how any body could get into a lot of those positions . i hurt just looking at them
worked fine at first . display stopped working after less than a year of infrequent less than once a week use .
the base does not fit the tank . even tried to use a rubber mallet to get it on and couldn't
the product is limiteded , doesn't works how the company says . in some cases the mesuriment is not correct .
lol . it all tore apart when i took off the backi probably didnt do it right . oh well lol
was not well received by the doves i purposely bought it for and much left on the ground . a no no !
too small to fit my rather small motor home seat . it fits the seat but not the back
it sucks ! i would return it if i could ! waste of . in my opinion .
these socks were too big , very thin . not what i expected for the price . i would not buy them again .
pretty unimpressed by the apple case for the ipad , it's cheap and poorly designed . i'm looking for a better replacement .
contains the exact same special features as the original theatrical releases of the films on dvd .
this dvd did not work properly . the sound was out of sync with the action . i returned it .
it didn't say this was only for ipod or ipad so i was disappointed and embarrassed when i got it .
stopped working after a month . pos . at least it worked well for that first month but very disappointing ! choose another .
not worth the money you think you're saving . i would not recommend this item . i'm looking for a replacement now .
cheap , the charm fell off in a matter of an hour . not worth it .
the video quality was so poor it was hard to rate this movie . started and stopped during the whole movie .
looks great , fits great , fell apart in months !
comes in two pieces which the inner rubber piece is very thin , was expecting it to be more durabe
the dvd does not offer the cinemascope version . it , s like flat coca cola
it was smaller than we expected . nothing wrong w it just wasn't as big as my nephew thought it was .
stoppeed workign after less than one day . sound is only goming out of one speaker on my head phone . avoid .
this thing barely holds beer . huge disappointment . i would be better off tucking it into my waist band . skip it .
these compilations of hit tunes have some good ones and some clunkers . this one has more clunkers . forget about it .
no longer charges my i
some kind of bug in the game
i was hoping for step by step instructions on building different structures . the book didn't give that detail of guidance .
this is not a match for the dogtra battery . the factory battery is mah .
very hard to follow what the book is about . not really worth the money . i would not recommend this book .
i thought his nonfiction was extremely boring . i couldn't even make it through his stuff about writing without falling asleep !
pretty flimsy and cheap . very basic , flat , thin metal . does the job but nothing special about these license plate frames .
didn't hold the tablet in securely .
suks !
this light is worthless . the case is great but i needed to add a clip on light which defeats the purpose
would be ok if they sent the book pictured . same title but not same book ? not worth sending back .
too old fashioned and still mumbo jumbo . a book by stephen gola called divorce god's will ? is a much better tool .
fits okay but the quality isn't as good as i expected . no pen holder is a missed opportunity .
tacky and terrible . thought i put a dead rat on my head . wtf ! i realize it's a wig , but geez !
not the right cord for the kindlethe other half of the cord didn't fit in my kindle hdx fire
i tried several different ways of installing this battery but no matter what i did , it wouldn't charge at all .
the moment you connect more than once device , it starts cycling power on and off . useless purchase and wasted money .
i am so put off by the bombast in the 'product description' that i think i'll pass . geeze .
its not a green tea it just teast like hot milk with sinamonnot green tea latte
too flimsy for outside the wind blows it over . also , the arms that fold don't want to stay up .
just aweful , my wife thinks it went bad . smells like nothing but witch hazel !
the case is ok but it's too small to fit the phone . i would not purchase this for the .
im ' . the pants fir like as if they should fit a person thats ' . i didnt know the pants run big
no listing of song titles should have been a dead giveaway that it was filled with throw away music !
i like this app but i can not get past the one with the lap top and i am mad .
how do i operate this item ? i need to know how to hook this item up .
new in the casing but there was a big scratch on the cd and it freezes while gamimg . un happy
i understood this was a real playable poker game . it is not . its some kind of pick the winniig hand .
i think this game is going to be lame cause it looks really kiddish and weird with a dinosaur thing
this was originally a min . film uncut . at mins well , what's the point ? buyer beware !
why do you feature amanda freed on your cover ? did she contribute to this book ? are you her coach ?
recorded by my sony cdrw drive . go figure . don't expect miracles . it plays dvds . you get only the basics here .
they were for one maxnot for phone i needed and that was my errorwe made them fitwith scissors
no plot , editing , pacing or excuse for this long boring liberal diatribe . the publisher should be ashamed .
i didn't like it since i wanted more cushion than what it offered . it was too thin for me .
not only did the wrong color show up but the logo fell off after the first day . complete junk ! garbage
expected different types of recipes for a holiday cookbook . also thought there would be color photos of each recipe .
bateria de mala calidad no me sirvio no recomiendo comprar baterias en linea todas salen malas .
the dg on the side fell off after just a few wearings . too bad they were cute shades .
talk about uninformed , people should be required to take a college level civics class before reading junk like this .
i haven't used this much but did read it . it seems to be written for a different person than me .
it will never stay in place . pain in the butt to try to keep tucked in . looking to see about returning .
poor quality clip broke after after days also poor fit at side control buttons other than that its ok .
ugly pant
very dissapointed with the broom size , too small . thought i was getting a good size broom , turns out its not
i agree with the rest of reviews , brews great coffee , but likes to break after nine months to a year !
ultraviolet stinks . don't buy it if you want a true digital copycan only play off of the internet on a computer .
garbage . not worth the throw pillows fell apart when washed , comforter is made of cheap fabric . looks very tacky .
material fabric quality did not meet my wife's expectations , color is lightly different as well . too expensive for what you get .
i was excited over the cost . but then i saw there are no pics only directions . i am so disappointed .
wires in bra stick out and uncomfortable . very disappointed since i bought two others from different manufacturers that i loved .
old informationnot worth readingi work in the golf industry and you could get as much information on the internet
doesn , t work and the quanity is less than the toothpaste i put on my tooth brush , what a rip off !
this is a sweet idea , but they used the wrong there their they're . it should read , holds their heart forever .
for a good laugh , check out some of the positive reviews of this cd .
although my boys loved this game , it kept freezing during play causing me to have to restart my kindle everytime .
my husband , roommate , and i t
mary is impressed with her scientific self . i got about way thru and couldn't take it anymore
my daughter is yrs old but is very good with puzzles . the pieces are cut in weird places .
was told it was free , at least the initial one . received nothing ! they wanted me to pay first . not good !
i only had this for weeks and my printer was giving me error msgs that the cartridges were empty .
this adapter did not work at all with the logitech speaker dock that i own . i had to return it .
there are about pictures with no words or storyline . i'm glad it was only . . waste of money . boo
this movie is probably the worst in my collection
if you are psychic at all then this can't help . little suggestions that you could get anywhere . a big disappointment !
fyi the case will completely rub off and all turn white with in weeks that's why i threw mine away
it was broken when i recieved the package
started to malfunction after less than day usage . controller scrolls on its own . disatified , not value for my money .
this 'flavor' does not have enough 'umph' to cover up the smell of oil . summer fruit is still my fav .
i don't like it because my piece spoilt . it will not glow when i press the button head of toothless .
product was good until it broke on the second day of use . terribly made product .
so far , it has not worked !
i got the app cause it was free just to find out i still had to pay for the info
it does not look like the picture ! it is very cheap , it do not have the metal button on da front
after hours , i quit trying to make the launchpad work .
the item was too small to use , even for a woman's nasal hair . i found it to be very flimsy .
paid about for this supposedly oem item looks like the real deal even green dot but just plain doesn't work !
poorly written , predictable plot lines , blah blah blah . got a third of the way through and couldn't do it anymore .
was personally disappointed in the quality of the pendant the crystals were dull and cheap looking . would not recommend to anyone .
was cheap , didnt work well at all and after a bit the fuse blew and it became garbage real quickly .
shorter than anticipated . definitely intrigued me to buy the next one though , hope it's more detailed and is a full story .
opening scenes they are dropping f bombs , one of the worst movies ever . this movie was bad bad bad bad
i asked for blue and got green and it doesn't match the picture like i thought it would at all .
so far , product has not worked see little or no difference . at this time , i cannot recommend . this product . to anyone .
there was no words to look up i already know what a thesaurus is i want synyoms it was terrible
had about two weeks when the corner of the case broke off . terribly disappointed in the outcome of this purchase !
well i do not like that you have to wear the sleeves rolled up . it runs very large as well .
you get what you pay for here . ordered two , one was missing screw . flimsy and low quality . would not recommend .
overly romantic . pretty well written . just too much fantasy for me ! love doesn't really make time shift or change history .
don't like the product because is tiny . i expected to receive a more quality product . in resume , i don't like
it showed charger with cord , but cord was not includedi thought one would be sent to me thanlk youarnie axelrod
was sent the wrong color and doesn't close well .
i'm trying to activate the sim and it keep saying the the service i'm attempting to use have been restricted .
not much information , just some basic guidelines and outlines a few oils . ok for free , but not worth paying for .
didn't see any change .
rather bitter . i adore the holiday tea so ordered this with high hopes . taste does not suite the name . disappointing .
poorly written . the author could have done a much better job with this important topic . the ending is too predictable .
the packaging was ridiculous for a delicate product . consequently , one glass was broken and i'm surprised they weren't all broken .
the magnets are very weak . and they are so small , that they don't do much good in holding anything square .
these cartridges do not fit . don't buy them unless you want to file the holes at each end to fit .
it did not fit my phone and was uncomfortable in my ear . i would not recommend this product to anyone
i loved their voices but i was very disappointed that there wasn't any songs in english .
i wear a xl short , but i ordered a xl and it was still too small by sizes .
have super long lashes , need a bigger curler , guess i will use it for my back up . cute though . florentina
does not work ! when input in the pc an error message was produced , tried several times , same result . don't buy !
please be careful . my wife used this product and received a severe facial chemical burn . consult a doctor before using .
get what you pay for
i have not received this case yet . i understand that it takes a month to ship so i am waiting .
i cannot make a review because the video is defective and will not play .
these are thin and not a very good quality balloon . they are not nearly as red as the picture shows .
they are not juicy and i am disappointed in them . i have to mash heavily on them to get color .
u have to cut these out .
a bit pricey for seeds with an expiration date of , sobuyer beware . i will update if they germinate .
product has no light as was ordered . additionally , do not know how kindle even connects to cover . no instructions ! review is above . very unhappy !
the first one i received was cracked . the replacement leaks from the on off valve . what a sorry product !
mildly entertaining but no real depth . felt like i was reading somethng for a fourteen year old .
makes my head feet so hot ! i just went back to a blubandoo cap . much more comfortable !
this item was sent back immediately because even though it was supposed to fit my vehicle , it did not . amen
it hasn't arrived yet . when it does and i've had time to digest ti , i'll gladly send you an update .
not what i was expecting and doesn't have the voice activation i was expectng .
didn't work when we got it .
i found this book to be redundant and boring . i also must say that i work for the ritz carlton currerntly .
the ear buds broke on the day of use .
returned item , so nothing to say about it . like , really , nothing more to say about it . nothing . nothing at all .
the product didn't work when i plugged it in . it is cheap . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it worked great for the month that i had it . i was very disappointed . bucks down the drain . would not recommend .
it arrived at the house , no problems , when i picked it up i could hear broken glass . sent it back .
common sense stuff . not much more than a good regular general dog information book . not well edited with frequent typos .
broke within uses !
really enjoy jeffery osborne's talent . have seen him in person twice but his xmas album is just ok . i was disappointed .
i expected it to be a true story about the donegal gene . and it gave me no info at all .
it's too small for the bag .
this is a good book . not as funny as his other ones though . i will give it stars
this bag is way smaller the the actual measurements that were listed , i was shocked and i'm not so happy !
a possible read . this is one of those women with issues book that all it take is a wise mentor .
very thin and not bright enough , pretty dull really . not enough to warrant the price point . would not buy again .
when opening the app , it goes no where . it gives you the opportunity to try again but to no avail .
very dissatisfied . the zipper pulls all came off , the lettering is peeling and the strap won't stay pulled tight .
i thought the stylus fit it my case , but it doesn't fit . do they make extra stylus' for my case ?
such a beautiful story with so many editing mistakes ! please consider some editing . totally worth the effort and the cost !
the earrings were a little too big for my like . look better in picture . shipment was about weeks long .
plastic broke very easily , just trying to take it off . turtle blue skies and then you can be a lot .
not worth it , poorly written ! not worth the time or money sorry i spent the money don't buy this book
i did not finish this book . i just want to return it please . i just want to return this book .
did not have the papers from the port st lucie area . might be good in other areas . not for me bye
beautiful little figurine , but it sadly doesn't work . upon putting a fresh battery in , the cat simply does not waive .
i loved the first one but unfortunately this is not the same kind of movie . it is just really bad .
is useless , my phone never had more signal , or putting the six simultaneously . is uselessis uselessis uselessis useless , is useless
shoe looks nice online , but when i received it i was completely disappointed . extremely narrow and overpriced . heed the warnings
it's away bigger than iphone s . it didn't fit with my phone , i think it's for different phone models s
don't waist your money . i hated this so called movie . very little nudity , poor acting and very poor story line
doesn't work on kindle fire . able to download but unable to open and play . very disappointing because it looked to be fun .
i had a hard time reading this book . actually , didn't finish it because i couldn't ever get in to it .
get the in one . trust me . or you'll use the bits out of this thing within a day .
this is a knock off case ! just called lifeproof for support and they confirmed its a counterfeit ! thanks a lot !
not good something better so your can get more buyers and it was good but i didnt like it thanks
poorly written . little value . not sure why it is available on amazon . give this a pass and consider anotherbook .
i orderd twin size and got king . oh ges
didn't like it at all not a very good cover it broke the first time it on looks very cheap
this app is ridiculous i couldnt turn my kindle on for an hour because of a glitch . dont buy it !
cookies are too small to see . too much wasted space on screen . i am deleting it . pointless game . waste of time .
top stud was loose and is now stripped . i had to replace it with a bolt which is very inconvenient .
irresponsible shipping time . i could not get the product because not sent in time . not recommend this place to buy .
disappointment . the packaging container was opened in transit . and the detergent does not seem like actual oxi clean .
only lasted a year . spent top dollar for this ant it leaks at the adjustment knob .
will not download anymore bingo games . i do not want to have to buy anything .
one of my bc would only print real lightly . so replaced it with the other one and it's working fine .
does not fit the note and ruined the phone just to get the case off . i would not recommend buying .
i think i would like this more only if i knew what i was doing . need some guiadiane on this .
night rider was ok except for disc a had problems couldn't watch it all the way .
these cans do not have sixty shots in them . maybe fourty . unsure if they even have pure oxygen now ?
a real hot mess , the costume was nice until she put it on and the legs begin to rip smh
will change this rating if i get technical support or can refund . it crashes after computer updates to windows . .
nothing special , same old lame zombie crap that has been done over and over before many times .
i downloaded this app , then found out you have to purchase more to use it , so i deleted it , sorry !
broke really ease
does not fit the screen . you miss one row on the top or on the bottom .
it takes minutes to cook potatoes in the microwave with this . i would not bother buying this . enjoy .
i wanted a book ! the item was not properly described ! i don't have the time to be bothered good by !
not sensitive enough to be useful . the velcro strip in the package seems to have no use whatsoever . not recommended .
very cheap inside . started to rip after putting in multiple cards into one slot . nice design just cheap interior fabric
died after a few weeks . bad group . i never had ordered on amazon and wont do it again !
not an attractive shoe
keep trying but it does not work . sorry i didn't send back . the plastic teeth do not grip the tube !
it was too small and it didnt fit my cell phone even though it said it was for samsung galaxy
i tried this unit out and it seemed to quickly wear out and wouldn't work with my old floppy disks .
i was very disappointed . while all the major points of the story seem to be here , it misses the mark .
don't like this book at all . buy it if you want to teach your child about mexican food , not sharing .
just doesn't work for me sorry .
i guess thus was the height of hunmor at the time , but it gets pretty boring . i cannot recommend it .
the headset had very poor speaker and microphone volume and not really useable . i would like to return this item
it froze and it was not easy to customize . that about sums up my experience with next bus new york .
worked for the first week . worked intermittently for days , never worked after that . i would not recommend this product .
the part that connects to the eee pad broke after days . very cheaply made . i dont recommend this product ,
sucks . tried to like it worst game i've played . what other ps games at launch are any good ? need better games
in very first attempt broke from corner . also does not protect front edges . only protect back . looks beautiful but cheapmaterial .
awful movie . the quality , acting , and story line was awful .
i dislike this writer's theories . i am not going to write my own commentary when talal asad's is so poignant
the colour is not good
do not buy came it craked no tools either
did not like this game at all ! i thought that it would be similar to candy crush but it wasn't .
really cheap cant be styled
this was not one of jackie collins' better efforts . i've read lots of her books , but this one was sub par .
poor quality , misrepresented merchandise , my three pack of socks looked nothing like what is pictured . would not recommend to anyone
i received it on time , but it doesnt work . if you want to waste your money go ahead . dont work
some worked well ! some didn't work ! others worked mediocre ! none worked very well !
i'm really astonished that amazon would have an app that is not compatable with their android tablet . i am disappointed .
the price is too expensive and who knows if its liscenced ? and what if its difected i shouldnt try this !
i am hoping to get a refund and another product sent to me as they sent me two right feet !
very fragil last one week , nice looking but not good quality . i will mot buy them again very poor material
breaks easily not worth it
i ordered this product and when i got it in the mail , it was not what the picture was . unsatisfied !
i bought this charger and never got it . ok it's been two months . i wouldn't recommend this company at all .
only a couple of pages showing positions everybody knows anyway . not worth the money . i wish i could have returned it .
the write up was not good . this is definitely a children's book ? very disappointed .
the album is great . the product from amazon came with a crack in the case not impressed .
they're alot bigger than they seem scratched little mickey head doesn't stay up
this song is a total rip off of not gonna get us . it sucks so much .
i tried downloading several times but wouldn't download . they need to correct their website or , remove it from the internet .
this generic cartridge has very different dimension from the tn . will not work w my brother hl w . back it goes .
it's was fine . just didn't fit my phone . i have an iphone c . it was for the iphone s
i wouldn't say this was the best book ever but it was ok . recommend to evan . like i said it's ok .
these speakers last long but arent that loud and the sound is bad . as a musician i needed something better
much smaller than represented . wanted it to replace my husband's lunchbox , but this one was too small . bought something else .
it doesn't work . waste of money . no real directions . should have sent it back but time got away from me .
horrible . thoroughly enjoyed the first of this book , and then it all went to hell . just awful .
i purchased this song because it is one of my favorite celine dion songs . however the sound quality was abysmal !
do not have it don't know what it is
this didn't help any weight loss . i dieted and excercised and lost nothing . don't believe the hype with this product .
it was kind of small .
this is the wrong memory i ordered it is home just lying don't have use for it .
i don't know where this cd was made , but it is a terrible recording . not worth the free shipping .
this was a decent book good start but the end really freake me out dont read this book , please don't
it got no music besides clapingit not worth the money u pay for it . do not but it . bye
boring stories and does not keep my interest so i deleted from my kindle and would not recommend the book
did not work on my ihome . no sound at all and would only charge after great hassle and many tries .
kinda long wedding crashers vs . google
don't buy does not work at all ! waste of money ! will not charge iphone at all ! cheap beyond cheap
thinner than expected and the top of the sock doesn't stay up , it sags down . i will not buy more .
this is the worst manga i have ever read and i have read a lot of manga
item that i received was not what the picture shows . total waste of money . do not buy ! do not buy !
ring is very nice looking ! the ring did fall apart after just months but i got my moneys worth .
it started malfunctioning soon after i got it . i had to put heavy books or stand on the adapter part .
nice looking and comfortable but the clasp is verrryyy small and with a very easy snag it broke , as figured .
i own an earlier version of this book and know i didn't pay more than .
these are made for barbie doll sized people . maybe size zero or one . and i ordered a large . not good .
crap ! these are cheaply built useless . the price reflects it they should be avoided . i've said enough alreadyword
too big for a child's head , bought for a young girl it a gallon hat ! sizing is way off !
cute but very frustrating when it closes during the game . will be five star rating if it is ever fixed .
was not impressed with the way the book was written . probably would not buy that type book again . thank you
product received was not product shown in photo on amazon . this switch was wrong and so i returned the order .
although there is no visable fissure this bottle leaked from the moment i put mouthwash in to it .
i can read a twitter feed for free ! all the twitter texting verbiage in this book makes it unbearable to read !
this app is an epic fail because the poop looks like chocolate ice cream , not poop . don't get it . it sucks .
this was a rip off . it was too complicated to set up and did not work well with my computer .
think twice before buyingi don't like itwas not what it said it was gonna bethiss is garbage
what is this , a game , when did i get it , i never saw this . what is it . thank you
hopeless lumpy when i filled water in it
these are not sturdy enough to use and i thought the cinnamon flavor was kind of weak .
very good price but the flavors shipped to me weren't the ones that i requested .
off the page ridiculous . not a lot to say except not very good . wonder why i watched the whole thing .
doesnt work . said it synced with my account but never entered any information . won't allow adding information or snyc . rip off .
readable but i just wasn't that involved or excited about the characters and story , overall .
the coat looks cheap . the pictures and the cut is fashionable , but the cloth screams cheap
if i know that it was broken , i never paid for it . but , there is no trouble to use . thanks .
used times stopped working . waste of money !
great watch , but the wording on the dial had a manufactory defect . the seller was great and refunded the money .
force closes after splash on samsung mesmerize . i wish it worked . i wanted ti try it . it looked cool
they were bright and yellow but one of the bulbs burnt out within a few hours !
doesn't work
not so good , kind of drying , i love the ahava hand cream , but was definitely disappointed by this facial cream
they aren't as quality as ones i've had in the past but i guess thats no surprise for the price .
we plan to return this item , as it is way too small . order large but it is still way small .
the back piece of the case started to peel up near the camera within a week wouldn't buy it again
this tablet was quite slow and got extremely hot while charging . poor quality unfortunately because it was a christmas gift .
it does not fit into the water bottle quite well , also it was broken . i am disappointed with this product .
not the dainty little pendant in the photo . it was way bigger than expected and the chain was just ridiculous
product quality is equivalent to the listed discounted price . bigger than pictured i like small and metallic finish is matte .
didn't even work
won't play or stream show for more than seconds at a time . need lots of work . image also poor .
its difficult to screw on . thin plastic . cannot put it on quickly , and it will cross thread if not careful , and not well made
dries out so fast . needs watering everyday .
this remote is crap ! terrible , ineffective design . battery wont stay in place . remote is essentially wortlessyou have been warned
it was mostly a review of how to play the game with no tips on how to beat the game
ok , sound quality seems good , but has a learning curve with poorly written directions . still haven't figured out how to delete ?
i thought this was awful it didn't even work right ! yuck i wanted to throw up for even trying it !
does not fit mylaptop wrong charger it does not charge my computer even when left on overnite didnt ship back
cheply made
works for a week and then starts having problems dropping connections . not long after that it stops working completely .
yup , size is wrong . description is inadequate .
fails to meet expectations by having no focus . seems these guys don't have the hunger and drive they once had
no knuckle protection . no other protection either . much less heft than competitors products . spend more and get a better pair .
it stop working after one week ! i went to apple bough the originalbad investment ! don't buy . go for the original
one bit and done burger . this burger didn't make it to long after i got it out of the box .
first time i washed it the stiching come loose all regal products have done the same thing waste of money
this shoe is way too small . use china sizing if you order . shoe looked ok . but i had to return it .
not the best quality . made up of particle board plastic pegs as the legs
this is cheap , cheap , cheap . can't give it as a gift and not worth the cost to send it back !
my wife get size xx and it shood ben x lets see if you can help me dana at
don't get ripped off it's direct thru the wii or at any retail store .
it is listed as made in usa , but the product has made in south korea , not happy with this fact
very poor translation . it looses most of the meaning from the english version . not really worth the . in my opinion .
product doesn't look like on the model . i have a very fit workout body even doesn't look good on me .
did it ? plz answer sooni don't want mine to crashlooks like a fun app thoughplz answer soon
really bad case , breaks easily , and no protection .
if you have morals do not watch this movie . if the world is going to change , watch different better movies .
did not give me engery and i gained weight would not recomend this product the powder is hard to disolve
best of nickelback . i was hoping for a blank cd . unfortunately it actually has nickelback music on it . very disappointing .
i love chocolate and wafer style cookies , but these are way too rich . we will not be buying these again .
did not enjoy this tea
i thought this would of have videos with it but didn't . it was written and not current information . i deleted it .
this was not a good choice for me . the print is too small and i have trouble reading the magazine .
slow moving and confusing , a bit on the boring side .
too large
very bad book it . was not very good monsters are not real they are only illusionsblack john is better
unfortunately i ordered the wrong size . i need a medium i think . i didn't realize how small this item runs .
lavazza qualita oro whole bean coffee , . ounce bags pack of beans were stale bean bags were not air compressed .
very poor description of product , thought it was replacement for originals , cheap tape on crap ! do not waste money on this
i love how it fits if it didnt come broken . total crap and not acceptable . i wont buy this again
how do i get my money back i will donate it to sandy relief fund . one two three four five
really kinda elementary . not something i would recommend to hold anyone's interest . would not recommend it to my good friends .
mine didn't work at all . i guess that's what you get for a penny . that's all . thanks for your time .
this is the second one i am buying and the reset key always gets stuck .
the description says it works for nintendo ds and it does not . not even close to the same port size .
very disappointing . didn't expect high end , but i can't even get these to stay in my ears . buyer be beware !
thought it would be actual soft rubber . instead it's a hard rubber with no give or bounce . would not buy again .
have to take cover off every time i have to charge . hole do not match up to the charging port
this products not working in my mac book air i guess is only good for windows . ect extract ext ext .
not good , dont work fr me , i order it fr gift but it disappointed me , cause my frined hate me after that
not a book i would recommend . some in my bookclub liked it , however , many felt the same as i did .
i end up paying more for just one pair because the other one was damaged . i did not like that .
i was not happy with this phone . the screen broke .
i wasn't thrilled with the wrap . i definiatly have had better . they aren't that easy to wrap .
these look like plain white mini cupcake wrappers but actually have raised polka dots on them . i will be returning them .
meh . these bubble popping games are all the same . i find them to be relatively boring . where's the skill in them ?
i understand there are those that like this kind of literature ! i happen not to be one of them ! shelving !
love it but on game it freezes my galaxy tab and has to have a hard reboot . no good .
the head dancer ladie is so mean . the show was just agent how i think young girls should be treated .
the full game does not appear on screen . the instructions do not show is there an update for this game ?
gee . you don't know the answers to these questions ? then god wins by default . just one huge argument from ignorance .
if your a little kid , or like hanging with little kids online .
the charger come broken it was dead no light very disappointing would not order computer products from this site again
i hate this book primarily because it is not na approved literature . it also does not have the 'expanded version .
mine did not fit properly , i almost always wear a size , but i should have ordered a .
had to return it . stopped working but returned in time and they refunded my money
had no idea the book was published minus years ago , when he was still with us . out of words .
i started to play on my phone and the cards are to hard to see
it is not advertised that this dvd will not play in this region . please be aware of this before ordering !
ordered the in and only one piece came and it came late .
if i paid for all these missing books i haven't got in my kindle fire it makes me very sad .
nice socks . but . for pair ? ! .
i could not get this to work on my kindle . ? not sure if it's the program or my device .
the shade was not accurately posted so the shade i ended up with , does not match my skin at all .
took three weeks to get my safety beam was really ticked off about it . will not use them again . mk
they are not at all what the picture looks like . i spent money for nothing . thank you for your time
bought for daughter . fit too small and had to return them . fast refund though .
tip breaks off , they are not anything like the old matches . there are better ones out there . i think they are junk .
worst case , it was made of cheap plastic doesn't stay together , i had mine barely a week and it's broken
bought on charge it had to us it on an and the unit was dead
the case is cracked . how do we fix this ? the crack is at the very top of the case
i must be a real knit wit because i don't understand the directions for this at all .
we have trouble connecting to the other computer but once we do it works great and never kicks us out
plastic ring for key attachment is very easily broken , i would not purchase a similar item or design again .
bought this mouse about fews months ago and it already dead . not a good mouse .
it locks up all the time . why does it lock up when i put it in hot water ? any ideas ?
the recipes are good , but i like to see pictures of each dish . this cook book does not have pictures .
ended rather abrubtly . confusing ending that i didn't care for . ususally like mr . connelly work but would not recommend this
how this could continue , the abuse and neglect . hopefully things have improved for these poor children . thanks for sharing this .
this case does not light up . the battery doesn't fit in very good ! i was very disappointed in this product .
awful awful movie
did ot fit right , very fuzzy product would not recomend . get something that works . i am not happy with this .
the paint on the case began to come off after one day of owning it . but does protect phone okay .
these shorts were cute but began to fall apart at the waistband . the threads started to literally unravel . cheaply made .
unfortunately although it's working , screen is not bright enough . even at the highest position . one two three four five six .
why did this movie get good reviews ? i am a coen brothers fan and this movie is pointless and depressing .
arrived with chips . cup looks very cheap .
unoriginal story , uninspired portrayals of unlikeable people behaving like cartoon characters . unimpressed . there are so many better things to watch .
very cumbersome
great stars in the show but it was a very slow story with plots jumping from past to present .
i was very disappointed on this product . and can i buy one switch only to exchange the dead one by myself ?
feeder is fine but it kept falling down finally my husband just put a new chain on it to hang .
i really didn't care for this story i wished it was a little more in detail !
not very exciting movie . may be a good one to just kill time . but overall , i will not recommend it .
i do not recommend it's better to add some money and buy something better . sound is really awful . that's it .
my charger worked about once and now it does not work . very disapointing ! it was a waste of my money .
unopened they might be , they might not be too .
can't get this piece of c . software to work , don't waste your money . wish i could get my money back .
stylish , but broke after days . stap broke off just by picking it up . bad quality .
this is too larger than i expect . as i'm oversea customer so this is qite complicated to exhange the size .
absolute garbage of a cable . horrible frequency interruption . i would not recommend this to anyone , and i did return it .
should'nt even have one star , ther cover would not even stay on the phone it was a waste of money !
cheap is as cheap is . no go
can't backup my files have had support say error is nothing to worry about still won't let me do it .
had to return these shoes footing was way too hard for me to even try to get used to !
this is a fake . its a demo of filemaker and they want you to believe that it is functional .
fits smaller than other size m crocs ordered the electro also and they fit much smaller than they size .
i would love to read this book but the price for this book is it really , . ? please fix the price !
the product is poor . the fabric is not corset which were offering . i am very disappointed . expecting a better product .
the plastic frame piece for the screen was missing so i had to return it . re ordered directly through otterbox instead .
should of listened to all of the reviews . don't waste your money , taste yucky and the machine is a joke .
blade falls out easily and the neck piece broke easily and paint mess up easily so i give it
slow . a lot of crashes . i should have transferred my music to itunes and bought an ipod . do not buy !
was not what i pictured . didn't shoot just poured out . defeated the purpose of what i was buying it for .
terrible quality . ugly like the chick from precious movie .
have seen other stories much like it . the story never gave sam neill an opportunity to display his talents . jim dunne
good research about an important fraud but grossly repetitive . worth a magazine article , but not a book .
the picture quality is very poor . a few good action scenes , but don't waste you money on the blu ray version .
died within a week of installing on an intel nuc . however it does have a year warranty through manufacturer .
the product did not work so i donot use should of bought mophie disappointed should lesson learned thanks again forc
even as a free read . terrible . unbelievable that this is even available . do not waste your time with this .
didn't fit have to return it
would never purchase a dell again . worst money i have ever spent . off to find a new computer . buyer beware
product was open when i received it . box was completely soaked and leaking . i payed for an empty bottle , essentially .
this is your standard foot lotion , not a balm . not nearly moisturizing enough , in my opinion !
this unit is only good for dust bunnies hair . it will not pick up anything heavier .
pros individually sealed tablets , blister pack thorough directionscons so many health warnings are a bit off putting tablets are very large
this is a waste of time on a kindle . it just shows as a list of dates with no graphics .
who ever made this game needs to be beat up with the upmost quickness .
is not the same as the picture , also is not invisible solid
this product is not like the original color science bronzer . it is not as light as the original one was .
the video signal was adequate , but the lack of sound capabilities makes it unfit for anything beyondbasic slide presentations .
this product no thing just a s . i used it for several times , but it does not work for me .
romantic balderdash . even for the insipid reader , this is better used to prop up the wobbly leg on the sofa .
happy birthday peewee
the panta didnt fit like i had hoped . the waist size was fine but they are essentially skin tight pants .
there are better cases for near same price , very thin plastic , and difficult to remove phone from belt holster , i do not recommend
a useless book , as does not tell how to take care of camellas . ben butler
no use of this app , unless you wanna waste your time on his thing . take my advice , don't buy it .
i thought but its not a original leather . otherwise it looks nice . soooooooooooo oooo o o o o o
it states it is white but it is more cream the color is not true and it fits very tight
you do not get a copy of the cd with the kindle edition and the cost is practically the same .
terrible ! bad ! stars for the beginning only . score
there is no way this is a large
i plugged it in , used it a lil bit , and it stopped working , haven't been able to use it since
worked okay for a bit , then motor stopped running even with fresh batteries after a couple months . not worth it .
it only came with one not like it said . it was very dissappointing considering the price of the product .
although i have never experienced first hand chinese torture devices i would imagine they would be something like these shoes .
after minutes it would only go in circles when backing up rather than backing up in a straight line .
love my dyson , but that little plastic notch has broken off on my dc twice already ! what's up with that ?
i received it after monthes ! ! also the item in different color ? ? ? ?
when you prop this open it does not stay put . slides down to easily there is nothing gripping it just
waaay too much violence ! will not read any more of his books . was not needed at all for story line .
did not work at all . the garcinia canbogia worked so much better . lost lbs with that . wouldn't recommend it .
this is not the joe bonamassa that was at the royal albert hall ! i didn't even watch the whole dvd .
i am still looking for one that is better organized
the case does not fit the phone . it is for a completely different model . waste of money . dont buy it .
i loved the idea of switching with your child to make his or her pain of childhood go away . enjoyed
never received this halter . an orange leash was sent instead and labeled rainbow halter leash returned and account credited .
i feel very thin and dont think they are bpa free , the sizes are odd as well recomend different product
not the best remover i have ever used . it works with some scrubbing , and it's a bit oily as expected .
practical joke don't waste your time effort or money . author thinks he's a funny clever guy to rip you off
the top clip is weak and mine broke from regular use within a couple weeks .
terrible . did not work at all
cute animal but we replaced the batteries after two days and now it does not work . very annoying !
nothing special here , not much exfoliation happening . easy to spray and smells ok gives it stars .
seems cheaply made , material seems flimsy , it is almost see through will need to wear an under shirt under it .
this is the dumbest game ever i h acirc te this game i am warning you do not get this game dumb
not my favorite top , but definitely cute on someone who can wear it .
this book is so good i read it day it was so good and my name is celenia r
it's chinese nd heap . though it irked , the slots were ill snapped and did not accept varied memory cards inserteted
awful and a waste of money . some things should never be remade . did these guys ever watch a true godzilla flick ?
the tale of content links do not function on my iphone
my child gets scared by black octopus in show . do not buy for toddlers .
i wish there had been some instructions for use .
wrong covers . do not fit the i s . i want the correct one mailed out to me as soon as possible
very poor quality . its just wastage of money . looks ugly . this is the worst iphone case i have ever seen .
do not fit on my phone at all . it was a big disapointment for me . was hopping for something better .
the dimensions of the holster were all wrong . i couldn't even get the phone to fit in the holster .
the one i received did not swivel like the one shown . i called times but received no satisfaction . very very disappointed
too many characters , story jumps all over . could not concentrate . i can see why this was a free book on amazon .
i bought this for an ex gf . she's petite . the top did not fit her properly . it was too big .
i definitely liked the original piece by john williams much better . this one just doesn't feel as exciting to me .
screen protector size is very less compared to phone screen size . quality of screen protector is ok . price wise ok .
the quality is not what i expected . i lost my samsung stylus s pen and this product is not equal .
this looks nice but it's very hrs to get your phone out of the carrier . wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
razor cuts poorly . not a good razor for a close cut . very loud and noisy . not recommended at any price .
this product was so popular i thought i would order it . what a waste of money . didn't work for me .
didn't order it , how much did i pay for this sucker ? take it off . take it off . take it off .
could not get through it and i am an avid reader . boring
i found this product uncomfortable . it does appear to be of good quality . i wish it had worked for me .
i bought this for our grandkids . waste of money . now trying to find a craft project to fit these into . save your money .
the movie is a classic . the print was very poor and i would not recommend to anyone purchasing .
i own a mm rugger and she doesn't fit . this is a great , strong purse , but more for a mm
i've not had great luck w this feeder . not very weather proof and falls apart it's pretty but not durable .
very thin , no backing . had a tear on the top the first week i had it . not at all durable .
worked great but legs broke after only months . not very sturdy for use in a chair or on a bed .
i just can only talk several sentence , but can not connect to any phone or pad . it's a bad deal .
the quality of this product was disappointing . the purple color began chipping off after only one day of use .
reading between the lines she seems to me to be a mean woman deep downs
must have been made in china . cheap quality . broke immediately . fixed and broke next day . garbage . don't buy . only worth . .
good day to serve these liners ford explore
good to wear to bed that's about it haha not really a good support bra tho more words required
it broke like days after getting it . i wasnt expecting much , but a little more yhan whst i got .
it doesn't fit
the mic has horrible quality to it and the sound from the headphones is meh . the color is great though .
i was told this book was life changing it was , and i'd like my change now for the time spent .
don't waste your money on this . it doesn't come with a sheath !
looks way better in picture . very small and cheap looking . very surprised when i opened package . probably would'nt have bought it .
the durability of this product was not very good . the lining tore within two months . cute but not durable .
not enough happening in nw ohio , hard to follow , not too well organized , seems to be in bits and pieces
i found the app very user unfriendly ! very difficult to complete puzzles and move pieces around . would never purchase again !
it took very long , more than weeks to reach my country . the box was dirty and it has scratches .
i'm going to be nice today and just say that i will not do business with bestdealusa again . thank you .
cheap , tinny sound and the right speaker broke after about hours of use . way overpriced at .
the decal shrunk on dryer low and wrinkled the whole shirt pants are ok my comments are too succinct evidently
the modem comes with an old firmware that could not be upgraded by a user . does not work with teksavvy .
come with damage
good design but cheap materials . eye seals are brittle and leak after one month of use . i do not recommend
broke quite quickly not sure whose fault it was my be it was me rather than the ear piece itself
very disappointing i think the author is writing from a place of confusion and frustration the outcome is this book .
i didn't like it , the moves were too quick and sloppy and she didn't concentrate on breathing with the moves
the extra puzzles are just harder and harder versions of the first ones .
cheap , but quality is not good , easy to broken . no need to save money for this , spend a little more , will be satisfied .
i really like marky mark but he has had a few dumb movies out lately . i would not recommend it .
i guess this is what to expect for something free . just not anything that i could relate to or enjoy .
doesn't fit smoker due to stove pipe . buy a cover specifically for smokers not a grill cover
my son loves this book and the music but two entire pages are from a completely different book baby einstein
the color started falling off within the week . and it started breaking , and all that blah blah blah blah sucks
used product as directed and it failed to stop a rather minor leak even after at least four treatment .
pants seemed a little bit too large the material was very thin . i ended up returning them for credit .
cheap plastic not what i expected
this item arrived cracked .
fell down after days
the insal deretion ar vage an contac thios co is imposable no help line thank nafta have a nice day
these heaters don't work . aaa auto and aarp advertise these things but they still are a waste of money .
totally uncomfortable and non forgiving shoe . first prince i tried . back to nike or kswiss . just not for me
the light is extremely weak . we can barely see the flag even though it is mounted directly below the flag .
the point is too thick , and the ink color is bleached . color is not as shown as on the website .
does not feel like rubber this is hard plastic , very slippery
two broke after one week
we were expecting glimmer to glow but he doesn't . my son was very disappointed . we will be returning it .
many of the caps purchased had holes in them . not only a waste of money , but of ink as well .
the light bulb only worked for the first use , after that it never turned on again .
the scale had a nice design but at best it was lbs off . i returned it .
i received the product and one day later , the bow fell right off the stem that plugs in the phone
the legs arent sturdy to keep the body up . i was disappointed .
when i opened my package lotion was errywhere ! like someone let off a nut wrapped it in bubble wrap .
poor quality t ! , as other reviewer stated not soft or worn as picture would leave you to believe
it dont charge , it dont hold no even a min of charge ! dont recommend it at all ! garbage !
this product didn't work at all . door screen will fall down and the stick never work . waste money don't buy .
it's basically a sheet . buy a sheet from walmart !
junk product . buy the executioner .
this book was a total waste of time . it was more lie a short story . i'm glad it was free .
i put this one in my stack of to be used for future door stops section . waste of money .
very shiny and in plastic instead of mate and in cotton lace . look like very cheap instead of chic . i send it back .
it was very laggish . the speaker was excellent i say its more of a music phone . follow me on twitter ilevitate ogod
came apart in one minute
this lumbar roll doesn't seem to do me much good . it helps a little , but will not be used much .
just not good . really bad acting from jaime camil .
not what i expected . did not help me lose weight . will not buy again . will look for a better product . unhappy
it's a garbage . how you want me to rate it . so i called to return it . i put it in reordered .
it is a book of lies and contradictions , i am suprised that still some people give it a star .
this item is represented as whisper technology but it makes a bloody awful racket , sounds like it's going to explode .
its machinery might be very good but loko wise i didn't find it worth the money .
had a huge open seam , so it wouldn't even inflate . returned to amazon .
didn't work . needed to try something , but just didn't take care of it .
it's cheap , but dont bother . just look up south korea on wikipedia . to repeat , don't even bother , its too short
the movie stopped working half way through .
love this game bit it keeps force closing half way through the level and i have to start all over .
i was lucky enough to have seen bear , and this model is a perfect representation of him . it's a keeper !
small bad quality
this word search is way too simple wouldsuit a younger person better . not enough words . not nearly challenging enough .
not very good at all very very cheesy looking waste of money would not order agian save your money
received the shoe and its more pink than red , the picture displays it has red beware when purchasingthis item
i believe that guess the song is an ok game if do while waiting and it will keep you occupied .
stutters stops wont restart after playing an ad . all over a good connection . don't waste your time . pretty much unusable .
the band around the face is too glitzy . it ruins the sporty appearance of this watch . returne and bou ght another
number of items more but quality is poor . hdmi cable is not workingcamera stand's moving handle doesn't fit firmly .
not what i though it would be , doesn't fit my phone at all , not good for at t phones .
the biggest rip off i have ever seen ! it's nothing but bleach ! it does not work at all ! total fraud and miss advertisement !
these knit gloves arrived with a hole already between two of the fingers and loose threads that lead to unraveling .
this thing will not fit a gps unless it wide don't buy ! a rip off ! crap !
these things are ridiculously large . it looks like parachute underwear ! i'm sorry to say we never ended up using them .
this s is weak but u get what u paid for money talks
it could just be that i got a lemon , but the left earbud was nonfunctional straight out of the box .
they broke after using them after a couple of months .
very uncomfortable and not worth the trouble to return . navado seems to have discontinued the shoes i liked .
destiny's child is way overrated . their songs have got no melody .
one out of five worked for about a week .
this is simply awful . you can barely recognize it as genius of love . yuck .
it may work for you , but it did not fit my hitch
haven't played it . looks like a fun game but i won't play games that force me to go through facebook .
was great to start with and worked until loud pop sound then no resistance so useless . is there a fix ?
this did not work as advertised . it would not stay on an iphone . focusing was difficult . pictures were very poor .
this was totally predictable . knew what would happen in first few seconds . uninteresting . bad actress
this needs kik this app is so no better then kim . and they really should put kin for the kindel
wish there was a english version of the book . i can't read french . i don't have anymore to say . sorry
. maybe i watch too many old films , from thes
contrary to what the name of the product implies , this is not appropriate nor effective for pasting two butts together .
very poor screen quality and not even the story line is that good .
dreck , ladies and gentlemen , pure commercial , uninspired , dreck .
the worst video i have in my collection cant say much more other than save your money
not easy to follow . i wasted my money . it was too mecial and technical . i'll never read it . not a doctor .
i don t like
poor quality . i don't recommend it .
was not worth the time or effort of setting up and going to this all too brief sliver of a video .
cheap , and you get what you pay for . only good for a quick touch up , on my exceedingly , most humble opinion
poor interface . no sound and no subtitles on playback
this catalogue has become the world standrad for stamp prices .
assembly instructions were worthless . we had to use the picture on the box , and trial and error to assemble the unit .
i have only had this for one month and it already cracked . i hope i can get a free replacement ?
it's smelly
empty see through plot . what happened with sisters threat . why is he not spending more time in her life . predictable
with the measurements stated , this bed isnt fora cat or even a kittenthank goodness for tgere wonderful customer service !
the adaptor tips does not fit the coleman air mattress especially when it's time to use the deflator .
hgarabrantit was a novelists and his books all read . the samedisappointed that amazon thought to advertise this authorthank you
this scope has the worst optics i have ever looked through . don't purchase this if you want to drill pellets .
this color was awful . i ordered dark blonde and my hair turned dark brown . i will never order thisagain
i searched sim simile and this cane up i'm so sick of them not having tootle apps like google play !
the cover was missing a piece and is cheap quality . i would not recommend purchasing this item .
i really haven't gotten into games on kindle . perhaps i'll continue playing from time to time . it still confuses me .
quick read that sparks your interest , it just doesn't execute effectively . the premise was there it just faltered for me .
not a goog application for young children and amazon charge me twice for it and no money back after complain .
was not easy to use . the magnifier's viewer was smaller than i expected . the area viewed was not large enough .
i'm not happy . now i have to deal with the prospect of returning them , and trying to get my refunded . awesome .
this is boring . really boring . totally boring . absolutely boring . look out the window boring . it's really , really , really , really boring .
this book was a big disappointment after reading her river wife not even in the same ball park .
try buying the series in hd this one takes a long time to load and quality is very bad . yep
they were ok at first , but wore out in a couple months .
this film is a waste of hugh lauries and our time , a sophomoric half assed comedy that isn't funny . how un funny
picture didn't convey small size bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
it was not compatible with my computer . it was so long ago i cant really remember why it was crap .
mechanical design flaw . doesn't roll into ear easily , keep bending . too flimsy should make a bit firmer to be efficient .
although purchased as new it looks like a photocopy of the book . this is much harder to read and disappointing .
the review should have provided dimensions for the platter and serving bowl . dinner for two anyone ? otherwise ok .
i had high hopes for these novels and i hated them ! horrible ! rape , brutal treatment . etc . too much to enjoy a story .
how can you sell the greta trouser in black when not your daughter's jeans does not sell them in black ?
this app would be great if it were finished' not worth the money till then . but still great functional features
front cover does not fit or truly protect the computer . not what is advertised on the website . do not buy
next time i need to oder a bigger size there too small
i paid for this and it won't unlock . if i can't get it unlocked , i will request a total refund .
i will read this book but not thru kindle at twenty bucks i have been misled on pricing
cheap and flimsy and after a short period of time the plastic stretches out and falls off . cute idea though .
wouldn't buy again . it was a mess of s . thin film wouldn't hold the form of the i pod at all .
it was very disappointing . it just wasn't what i thought it was . i was afraid someone would access it anyway .
do not buy this product . it is very cheap and falls apart . there's no way this can be worn . awful !
not very good ! i think he just wanted to write a picture so he could star in it . it sucked .
unusable . clip is low on the case and the case flops around on the belt .
in order to do anything in this game it will cost you a ton of money . it's not worth it .
the case did not fit the phone like the oem verizon case and holster did . i was disappointed with it .
it broke almost right after it was opened . it isn't worth the price for sure .
it broke right away , i had my credit card on the little side and it just broke into pieces .
this battery did not work when we received it . the computer doesn't recognize it . it says no battery is installed .
the kickstand broke off of the case within the first week of the case being on the phone . cheap case .
this nintendo wii shot rifle not working , is stuck , in a few words , it is garbage , please do not waste your money
yeah this is not heavy at all . if you are looking for a heavy sweatshirt look somewhere else
not what i expected ,
product shipped was not the ultimate ii . it was the cheaper single stage filter .
it's original but it doesn't fit properly . i can't use it since it doesn't stay fix . it's a real pity !
not as useful , not as practical as the hurrycane . not as flexible . not as comfortable to the hand . cheaper immitation .
water either drains to fast or not at all . waste of money .
not very impressed with this book !
i thought with seeds i should get something . nothing came up . ughwaste of time and money .
not women size for sure !
don't buy this if you like . well fall of troy . it fails on every account of capturing what they usually can
it's decorating a garage shelf now . raised electric bill by , but didn't raise the room temp at all .
this was a waste of money imo . there are dozens of youtube video series that offer a ton more information .
did not work at all
rather disappointing . not much on the flavor side and kind of flat . very much like decaffeinated .
there isn't any power at the switch when it is turned on . it's a nice clock for dollars . ok
absolutely horrible ! didn't work at all ! i immediately returned for a refund !
not happy all the bottles expired in a month ! check your expiration dates !
i have a pondmaster unit and this bulb listed says it will fit my unit but it is to long .
out of the seeds planted not one sprout was produced from the lot waste of my time and effort
i do not recommend ! it does not even charge your phone ! this is very frustrating
used free aaa map , felt like i got taken should have read the discription closer
i with they would have gone into more detail about different problems that can happen and how to fix them
got this because i thought it was a mibro die stock . actually if was a master mechanic die stock .
the backs of the earrings fall off and the earrings get lost . very poorly designed . should not be for sale .
didn't work
didn't make any difference in texture of skin and tanning was minimal . used times week . would not buy again .
wrong size and still waiting for right size for much to long now .
not so good , guess i got what i paid for . i would recommend sticking with marmot , north face or kelty .
the measures in add not what the article was . did not fit . need to return the cover ! one star rating !
both fans are running terrible . we would not buy them in the future . advice you not to buy holmes fans .
awful resolution . cheap and flimsy . did not take good videos at all , even for a child was too cheap
my dog had a violent allergic reaction to the tiniest amount of this product ! beware !
hate it don't waist your time it's no point if getting it . you are just waisting your time and money .
i won't bore you with the details . but , do not use this product as a tampon . that's probably enough said .
cheaply made . would not order again . it also had a smell that took a few days to wear off . sorry .
bought two , one failed and gave dirty water
downloaded this game for daughter i though maybe it was fun but its not just takes up space and annoying
i got this on my mingle fire and it sux . y would it time u ? don't get it cuz . it sux !
the song itself is fine , but it's just not the same without the quotes from the movie .
do not recommended . they are just late . i have premium student account but i received many days after i purchased .
this was the worst thing i have ever gotten online . it looks like it's for hanging a kids toy tv .
g i came out to have a good time and i'm honestly feeling so attacked right now
this product is for training your dog only , it is not a deterent to chase dogs away .
the typography was too small for reading . too bad , as i looked forward to renewing my acquaintance woth t wilder .
serves no purpose other than catching water to water your plants on a dry day .
poor quality . will keep it only because it weighs a little less than the titanic and shipping would kill me .
did not fit seemed too heavy as a cover it made me nervous . i just used a towel over top
waste of time and air space . would not buy another or a sequel .
elements of the davinci code , time travel , leftist politics and baseball do not mix well .
not that good in quality . bad finishing . it says come with shark super stainleass blades , actually blades . i dont like it .
too shortwe thought it was longer my wife didnt read the discriition close enough it might fit our granddaughter
they sent the wrong size and didnt have the size i chose . but i will try again , a different shirt . love sos
mtv sell outs not worth my time .
phone did not seat properly in dock with or without protective case . unable to charge razor hd with this dock .
not my favorite at all . usually i like richard gere movies . not sure about how i felt about the ending !
unfortunately , the picture looks better than the product . i was quite disappointed when i received the product . it was returned
hd panorama , its app that do not work fine . i uninstall . its need much work to work fine panorama hd
its a very cute game but doesn't work properly on the kindle fire . hope it gets fixed soon . huge bummer .
does not cover well
figured i'd watch it because of all the name brand people in it . did not enjoy anything about the movie .
my father and his siblings were here during the depression . it's nice to see a synopsis .
this size is very small . it did not fit my daughter . the fabric is also not very high quality .
one worked while the other one was doa . i had to return both since i don't trust the quality control .
this item was not as described . it arrived with factory defect and bad stitching . i would not recommend this product .
would not recommend this if you are looking for a lamp to read by
the bands are so short i had to give the watches to my daughter ! i should've listened to other reviews .
i was wanting the game of mahjong but ended up getting a book . wasn't what i was looking for very disappointed
the cup fallls off too easily
it doesn't hold the cards as i need it tobut it made a great gift for my son in law
didn't even look like real jade . very disappointed with quality and sent , back . not your money's worth as , oposed , to most of amazon , jewelry
turned in one day
doesn't work anymore , and when it did work it was sloppy and select things i wasn't trying to select . smh
i decided i didn't like the after smell on me . i'll try it again and use just a tiny bit
this item was just okay , nothing real specular about it . just an okay software for the use on the computer
it was way to big for my scope . and i have no other scope to put it on . cannot use it .
the product is not as cushiony as should be , company has promised to provide restitution lets see .
no chips on which the blood drops is provided along with the instruments .
these broke on more than one occasion . now i have a child i never wanted to bring into this world .
product came in a beat up box and was missing weights . no wonder the price was cheap .
what a bad game , no challene , lame graphics , i ninja is a waste of virtual space .
i've purchased lots of fred solls in my life and never had any burn so quickly and not last . sad
hurt my feet , terrible .
the item doesn't work , i bought two of these car chargers and one works but the other one doesn't . disappointing !
it only has the odd exercises .
awesome style and design although it runs very , very small .
didn't work with ipad air or iphone c or s , disappointment but not worth going through the motions to return
absolutely horrible . stripped out the first time using them ! do not order these
works ok . i like speaker phone the beat . i use the speaker phone in all kinds of stores .
not what i expected . contacted seller immediately and rec'd almost instantaneous response . returned item and was refunded asap .
the motorola h bluetooth is bulky and has a poor sound quality . i wold not recommend it .
my memories of the movie as a kid were quite a bit different than reality . hard to watch the whole thing
this does not work on touch screen devices . i tried it on different screens devices and none worked with it .
broke in barrel instantly
poor quality , poor graphics scheme . and if you want to actually use the base ? you're sol it doesn't fit .
the product did not perform as describedi would not purchase this product againnot worth the
i would give this film a if i could
have planted in good potting soil and watered as needed . only seeds have sprouted . would not recomend to any one
junk ! but i should of expected that for the price ? doesn't look anything lkke the picture . don't waste your !
i had an awful time getting it to work on my phone . it seemed that my stellar wasn't too stellar .
i received this book , which i'd anxiously awaited , for christmas , and was disappointed . weakly plotted , not mr . hillerman's best effort .
this was not one of cheung's best , a little slow and the quality just wasn't there like his other works
love suzi quatro , could bear to watch this past the first mins . save your for a heart concert !
i was quite disappointed in this particular book by susan mallery too much graphic sex for my personal taste .
don't buy this too small , usb drive did not work right , radio hard to tune . not very user friendly
do not sound good
that school supply's are a little small . i do not like too much that items . i do not recommended , but are good .
the vengqaboys are just made for commercial interests , no harm done , but don't buy
the product does not work well , the usb portion is inoperable , its cheaply made . do not buy this product .
this cable worked like a charm very pleased with this product . i would definetly recommend this to anyone looking for this .
this was not what i ordered . the replacement pack was the s silver , not the b black colored item advertised .
the edges of the case are too close to the keys so it makes it very hard to type .
flimsy but for the price i can ask for more . keep searching if you want a durable and flashy one .
not user friendly . should be able to access more u offer apps but can't use them . shouldn't have purchased . very disappointed
ok
this product does not work properly . the voice does not match the video and is delayed by seconds . .
this item does not work . it doesn't leave dark print on the pages and doesn't fit the toner cartridge well .
don't waste your hard earned money on this one . just like the last movie , the original score is a bore .
waste of money limited features for price so frustrated . no crop tool older version was better and yrs older .
it's useless
it is not working
this product only gave me gas and discomfort . waste of money . gym , eating right is the only way to go .
zoo was a very strange storyzoo was not typical pattersonzoo did not develop a good basis for the plot
not happy with this at all . it is difficult to thread and it is a piece of junk
very very frustrating . these comfortable trotter shoes are a size too big . i'm ordering in a size smaller than usual .
these oz . candles list for . cirlce e candles . why so expensive ?
not good
pos the day date do not line up
they were super cheaply made . all stopped working within days of arriving and my kids playing with them !
does not remove hair ! it does , however , remove my expensive salon tan ! don't waste your money !
the style is simple , the frame is light , soft material , the glasses were not scratched . basically , good for the price .
the clarity of voices talking to me was decent , but people can barely understand me . don't buy this product .
very frustrating . wish i could give zero stars . such a hassle to return and reorder . extremely unhappy with this purchase .
it looked much smaller on line ! the materials seem cheap . can i return it ? i'll never use it . i don't like it !
zipper was broken very upsetting
i just bought count for . about mos ago , now they want ? wtf ?
awful . rather use a butter knife as a wax applicator . waste of money . also not useful while applying wax . yuck
this was supposed to have conditioner according to the listing . when it came the product showed no such ingredient . returned .
cheap material
they don't fit my truck
broke as soon as i put it on garbage i mean not even worth buying am so mad right now
this is not the correct driver side headlight assembly for a saturn sc , i'm really disappointed in this product .
le pasa de todo ! hasta mitad me intereso , despu eacute s ya me aburrio
will buy extended version only . studio's hope you learn off this release . give us a fair deal !
never recieved the books . they were ordered a month ago .
it worked for a week , it was bad , didnt work well dont recommend this to anyone . it shorts out quick
poor content and failed dismally to effectively talk to me about matters of strategic nature around corporate banking .
waste of money . not worth the time or effort .
low budget , amateur special effects . acting labored in some of the actors .
expected
yuck ! i really can't think of anything else to say about this book to hit the required number of words .
my wife did not like this book . it was not very helpful on explaining sample questions . not worth the money
had one steel band missing had directions about not returning . bad product . get one at a local store cheaper .
the umbrella was broken when it arrived . it is flimsy and not durable . don't waste your money on this item .
never receive the complete order from this company . have troubles in getting the proper amount of credit .
i dont like this game . it is boring .
charging cord sucks you have to keep sticking it in than pull it out to get the watch to charge .
how many psi is that powerwasher any . info you can give me would be helper xxxx xxxx xxxxx xxxxx xxxx
very crude and offensive . for sure kids have no business watching this . humor in it is often sexual in nature .
only shipped with one screen protector . so bad product if you need more than one .
it's a snoozefest . don't waste your money on this advertisement for other products . it tells you absolutely nothing . trust me don't .
the book was just ok , needed more clarity . i did like the fact of it being a quick read though .
feel like i wasted my money in the radios and earpieces , very disappointed with motorola products
clean , religious , historical fiction , romance . sometimes was a little heavy handed in the preaching . short , quick read . enjoyable but not great .
its not anything like they tell you its horrible . just don't evan bother to by it sooo not worth it
this is just very basic stuff . no new concepts or ideas here . save your money and buy something else .
more of the same science fiction series . boring and slow at best . acceptable for a free series in amazon prime .
worked only a few times .
with the waterproof sheet , you cant hear the voices well while on a phone call .
not worth the time .
was not what i exspected
there not cristal . there plastic . not good
boy , this one is just not funny . i'm not sure i ever even cracked a smile . ridiculous .
really unfortunate . every single page worse than the one before . this could make you crazy . how can anyone read this ?
ugh . this game took me at least an hour to download and then when it does , it wont let me install . crap !
it didn't go into cloud i dont know why ? does anybody know how it goes there please help thank you
this book had broken binder with about pages loose . book was musty smelling .
i ordered it based on the camera model and type but when it came , it did not fit my camera .
i read the book already , and truly enjoyed the excitement . thanks for recommending it to me .
i hate it didn't like this product doesn't work correctly ! do not not buy this product . i'm sorry i did .
my son complains about it constantly if i did it over again i would get him a new hard case .
candle was too small for the price paid , i can buy much larger candles for a cheaper price , very disappointing
hard to type with , not like the other one that i have . however , it does help keep the keyboard clean .
this toy was difficult to put together and than would not stay together
the jack for these headphones do not fit the iphone however , they will fit you ipad . not as advertised .
worked well for a month , then the contacts in the mini usb plug went . they should sell them in packs !
does not meet item product description . it is just for the bulb and thats not worth .
does not work ! i thought i would be impressed and i definitely am not . i will not recommend to anyone
took it to the range it just breaks clay's called manufacturer and their solution didn't work i would not recommend
this shoe rack is garbage , cheaply made and is very unsturdy wobbly junk ! the made in china sticker was telling .
the stitching ripped on the first time i wore them ! they are very cute boots but are a cheap quality .
this story was just silly ! definitely not one of his better works ! i really want a refund on this book .
the comforter feels very cheaply made , its not soft like a regular comforter . overall very disappointed in the material quality .
terrible colour , no sparkle . it had a nice setting .
an interesting plot hidden in the midst of a failed attempt to write literature instead of a very good novel .
these are recipies based on liquid castile soap . the book does not show how to make liquid soap from scratch .
i was expecting a much bigger fan . not much power for the price . not worth the price watch the dimensions
time to stop making liam movies .
this song sucks its not even good considering its a reboot it sucks the original was amazing this ruined it
weird i hate it please don't right any more books and don't tell the cheesy jokes every again good bye
they didn't send me the right size tapers . i ordered inch tapers and they gave me inch instead .
it was fun while it lasted , got a little bored after a while . great stimulus game some were quite challenging
you will be better off waiting until the prices drop on these movies . the cost is still waaaaaay too high !
the shoes are very pretty but uncomfortable . around the sides of the shoe , the bucket areas it tender to hurt .
i ended up sending these stools back . they were missing screws and overall just looked really poorly made and cheap .
fell apart doing first wash
the top is very flimsy and does not fit well on the well . i cannot recommend this item at all .
doesn't fit the iphone c . packaging didn't indicate type of iphone . now i have to take it back . pain .
should have sent it back , did not play .
some of the information was outdated which was conflicting when studying for exams . don't buy if you don't have to .
didnt meet expectations .
it looks nice , good cover and shape , and i like the size , but the filling gets squished down too quickly .
i want my money back . this is a joke . a minute read . there was no preview on amazon . ive been abused .
it didn't have the plastic hooks and it took months to get to me i wouldn't buy anything from these people idiots
terribly written , no real advice checklists would have been helpful . seems like it was written in half an hour .
i tried downloading the the musoc and it partially did so now im stick with pieces of songs very unsatisfied
did not fit galaxy siii properly , pouch is stiff and bulky . returned it .
very disappointed ! would not accept free return . cheaper to toss . it lasted days before it simply failed to work .
i did not like this screen protector . it did not self heal and you can see all of the flaws .
exactly what i was looking for . stores go from halloween to christmas . difficult to find a turkey in any store .
wrinkles , wrinkles , wrinkles even after washing and drying several times . very unhappy with the finish . very cheap finish . don't order this product .
the truth does not work for deep acne marks . let me think more brands did not improve my scars m
kirby heavy traffic shampoo . this product was like using water . it did not get the stainor smell out . dog stain smell .
short story 'switchblade' was shorter than the preview of his next book about the lincoln lawyer bait and switch tactic
i m not buying garmin anymore many issues . updates never work . u call them and u never get tru
i loved the wool books so much , but shift was just so long and drawn out . not nearly as good .
this product was a bad experience and wouldn't stay on my ipod classic . i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone .
a disappointment all around . had trouble downloading and , once downloaded , the scene keep shifting . we put it in the closet .
this was not a game just a teaser . play two scenes and then they want you to buy the game .
they look sparse when actually worn . the patterns look nice and attractive but gets distorted when worn . no more words .
not near as much fun as i thought it was going to be . would pass if i had the chance .
songs were a bit boring adn only listened to it a couple of times and it did not grab me
very poor quality . would have returned it if it weren't for the cost to ship it back . really cheap quality .
i love the coffee and i love amazon , but you can buy peet's coffee much less expensively at other places .
i had all confidence in this gate until my . year old just pulled it down and that was that .
it is okay too overpriced there are a number of other products out there that are just as good would not buy again
the screens are not durable and only last one or two months before they are punctured and cannot be used .
this app is awesome ! buy it ! i love it ! why would anybody give this one star and say don't buy ?
the chain was a very white sterling silver . the chain was not smooth and it would catch on my hair .
i have always been a fan of regular nag champa , but most of these smell like an old women's perfume .
this item was a total waste for me because i can placey bluetooth in a side pocket in my purse .
this book was definitely a page turner , but in the end i neither liked nor cared about any of the characters .
short battery life and hard to use controls
it is so confusing i don't even know how to play it u should make fun games not boring games
my dog destroyed this in less than minutes . she was able to chew right through the braided center piece .
very difficult to use . get the more expensive lazy susan that draws all the way out .
starts out good but half way threw get long and dragged out , i didnt finish it because i lost interest .
was advertized as new , but when we opened it the gun didn't work and you could here plastic giggling inside .
these aren't very big and don't work as good as other brands i've tried . kind of disappointed with the product
it is not compatible to my xbox . totally sucks . please improve in near future . not worth it man huh
the len is sharp and but very distorted on the focus . i'm taking it to a camera shop to get fixed .
very cute but very cheap looking
the costume fell apart the st time she tried it on also runs small . buy a size larger size .
requires exppensive photo program to run easily . suggested free downloaded programs do not work easily . set up towork with adobe .
i uninstalled it then redownloaded it from the cloud amp the single player was back . just don't know for how long .
doesn't work properly and can not return it . really surprised because i thought they are had an excellent shave
way too big for a car . it did provide some help but was very difficult to interpret the highway ratings .
did not work
what is wrong with you people this accessories are not working especially the otg connection this is a rip off
unfortunately , rowlines are thick and prevent from a good reading of what handwritten . inexpensive , but not enough value for spent money
should have read the reviews not worth it and received one broken wanted to give as a gift poor quality
these flags are made cheap , the colors had bled into the white . i guess you get what you pay for .
when they show a of feature of yellowstone , they show you shots , overkill ! it will put you to sleep .
this was just awful . bad acting , bad story , bad effects . simply an awful movie . save your time for something else .
i try to tap the picture and it will not recognize it . i am sorry that i bought this app .
can't see anything the objects are really not clear you are just guessing where they are ! the graphics are terrible !
did not see any difference after weeks . even thought i did it according to directions . not a good buy
didn't work
this rice rusk is made in china . i don't trust it since it has milk powder as one of ingredient .
junk , junk , junk ! stay away !
the watch arrived defective it does not keep accurate time . i don't think there is anything relevant left to say .
make sure you read the description , this is a very and i mean very tiny toy . i sent it back .
i didnt like it that much it kinda stinks especially when the tongue is pierced that is gross tots gross
maybe i didn't give this enough time , but it did not work for me . i will not reorder this product .
charged it all day to full capacity and only holds a couple hour charge when not on the battery adapter .
it scratches all the ipod . and it is too expensive
this product was dry no matter how much top coat you put on . there are much better products out there .
should o been little bit larger . it takes a while to make it fit , then pain to take it out
somewhat worked but only on xbox not og xbox where it wouldn't download the update from the disk required
dont waste your monet or your time with this book . it is outdated and doesnt provide the information you need .
the case gets dirty very easily , so i didn't like it too much . but the color was what i expected
they are way too thin and see through . they charge for returning a lousy product on top of it . never again !
a lot of static , cannot use it . too much trouble to return it so i am taking the loss resentfully .
written well and easy to follow but not much of a thriller . not sure i would read another rosenberg book .
bought this a month or so ago and the closure strap has already worn out and fallen off . wouldn't recommend
it fits good around the head , but too loose around the ears . very flimsy , and thin . not worth the money .
as many other reviewers said , buying the theatrical release after owning the extended version in dvd is not worth it .
alien abuction storyline with some interesting concepts , but a bit too bizarre and unrealistic for me even for sf
the author knows nothing about wicca , and uses her made up knowledge to disparage them . the story is crap too !
the screen is very small and dark . not that great for toddlers as they like pictures . rest all looks good .
i like this particular goya product , but my order arrived stale and months past it's expiration date .
shoe looks nice online but horrible on the feet . wooden sole is painful after hours . very slippery on tiled flooring
unbelievably overpriced . use a cupon and get it at your local supermarket , and you will come out way way ahead .
the images aren't anywhere as near as exciting as they seem in the preview just another calendar and nothing extraordinary .
the shirt was size large even though i ordered size small . how do i return exchange for a correct size shirt ?
does not work . very cheap material . hardly hold computer or anything . stay away .
straight out of the box will not recharge fully and turn off by itself .
this didn't work the way it was supposed to . when it's plugged in nothing happens or the computer shuts off .
are fine but wish they were longer
i tried all this time but i could not download it , the advice is fatali hope my money back tanks
too short to give any opinion .
bad item .
way too few games . unless you buy the full version , it's not worth it , don't get it , not good atall
nice size and detail . solid mechanical build . but poor electronics quality . lights and functions didn't work soon after first run .
this product can hurt guinea pigs back legsprevue pet products spv wire mesh ferret guinea pig wheel toy , inch , colors vary
i thought they would have item description fixed . instead i got the same yellow steelers imprint instead of item shown .
watch out for this one , the headline says gb , but the description says it is only a gb microsdhc
the design is good . the quality is poor . finish started peeling after the first use .
keys way to small for texting , got the slider and am quite pleased . what is this word requirement quite silly .
fake
it's an app that installs an ad for the guide . i'm surprised this garbage is allowed on here . pretty dumb .
it does not fit the way it shows in the picture ? it's stiff does not curve . it's cute tho
i was very disappointed with this item the magnet is very limited . the quality of the leather seemed low grade .
it's more like a toy . get the electric one instead if you need to process a lot of tomatoes
bought this watch as a gift and the hands broke within a week . cheap watch . would not recommend this purchase .
when it stopped after minutes , it wouldn't start up again . probably a great movie , but i gave up on it .
it took many , many pages until i got into the story . not nearly as good as the first books .
it didn't do anything cool and you couldn't make modifications to the color , size of the arch , sounds , or button .
little too big for a nose ring
this product is a made in china piece of junk . it probably wouldn't be able to handle most water pressures .
i kept waiting for something to happen . . . i don't think it was interesting nor believable . it was tedious .
the earring swings back towards in the wrong direction . it looks weird . it is pretty graceful design in general .
absolutely the worst . in seveeal pieces . not the right count . couldn't even hear them . don't waste your money . cannot recommend .
did not work for me .
a light summer read . a bit light . read it on a short flight and it kept me a bit entertained .
i dont like the color it wasn't the color that was shown on the site but the keyboard works great
never did work like i thought it would . it was a waste of money .
the charge stopped working about months after getting it .
thought i ordered v caps and paid the extra cost . will try to find another source for the larger orders .
didn't take long for them to start shorting out . disappointed .
any small wind close it while ridingit is very bad and tottaly not safe i have to buy another pair
a very dumb movie with a very weird plot . didn't find any redeeming features in it . forget about it now .
this test shut off without giving me a positive . very expensive and not trustworthy . i'm going to try something else .
i could not stand the grease marks on the screen so i returned the item .
tripwire works great except for the fact that i have to take my lifeproof case off to charge it . jjeester sbcglobal . net
it is too long . it is difficult to get off this book and view a d'ownloaded book . this's is it .
this sink came broken twice . what a hassle . looks like a beautiful sink .
washed it once and it fell apart . it was great product up till it was washed . i will not purchase again .
i really don't like it never did . thought it would be different when i had done it on my kindlel .
bought it for a road trip and only lasted days . expected more from it . i would not buying again .
i purchased these to help with joint inflammation . i don't notice any difference at all . don't bother wasting your money
not the product that was represented
it was all balled up in shipping box so it still won't lay flat , and it is pretty cheaply made .
one of the most overrated indies ever . nothing but style . shallow .
stopped working after only a week i would not buy this again . very cheap product , only one side worked .
there were parts missing , and for the cost of buying the additional parts i could have bought a new one .
these batteries appear to have or less life of the oem batteries that came with my security system components .
this product is worthless . don't waste your time or money on this . mine broke in the first two days . .
i cannot record with my device .
my son downloaded it on my kindle and so i didn't do anything with it . not much of a gammer .
they are too long , want to return ! how do i go about doing this ? hope to get a response soon !
terrible . top came off when i was cleaning it . then it cracked on the sides . do not buy this product
this case did not fit my sisters phone so it is useless . sucks because it is a really cute case .
i got an eye infection right after i used this product . i will never buy cosmetics from the internet again .
the wrong size was sent
chair broke within two months of use ! it looks nice , it is comfortable but flimsywould not buy it again
two out of jars were broke .
the rubber edges get torn easily . but i do drop my phone alot and it did a good job protecting .
a book required for a course in college , yet i can't remember using the damn thing .
i was never able to download this book so cannot review it . this was as an amazon problem not the book .
hard to use . not user friendly
this book is predictable . it fails to ever draw you in and make you feel l connected to the characters .
item was used . it had bent pages . it smelled of smoke . it was written on in ink . overall poor quality .
nothing to review here , dont watch it . its not action . its not nothing . end of story . tell me i warned you
much smaller than appears in photo . not made very well . cheap construction . extension leaves are difficult to adjust . would not buy again .
very thin plastic cracked soon after purchase ! i would not recommend this product , save your money and buy an original .
really poor . sensor does not pick up a car coming down the driveway unless it goes painfully slow . save your money !
we loved it but some of the bling has already started falling off one by one , is there a replacement
the bag keeps detaching from the vacuum every seconds or so making it basically useless .
no one plays it
their xl is an american large . beware .
not worth itit came in very ordirnary packing . will not suggest anyone to buy this not worth
boring .
hate this game . can't send the balls precisely where i want them , can't get past level . very frustrating .
the needle was broken when i received it . i will probably send it back . i was pretty disappointed about it .
this game let you pick some cars however it was much else . i expected a racing game not choicing cars .
when i try to play this in my mac , my computer started to display different screens and it crashed . very disappointed .
this is a matching game , and isn't what i was expecting . if you like matching games you may enjoy this .
dated ! that's about it . two thumbs , two big toes down . don't waste your money or time . rent a better movie .
the bulbs are just not very bright . looking for a brighter pair , i guess you get what you pay for
the book did not flow as well as chump changei did not care for the conclusion , sort of left me hanging
i had trouble with the rotating connection . it kept coming off . finally , the connection wore down and it wouldn't reattach .
it would be but i t was okay could have goggled most information won't buy the next one thank s
i was expecting rolling chains and moans . this just seemed to be a bunch of crap , slapped on a cd .
item was used , like new , not brand new ! has small markings throughout pages cd rom already opened , very disappointed .
broke already
i disliked the story line which i would be most unhappy if i had paid good money for the purchase .
hinges fall off , causing the case to separate . very disappointed in the quality of these cases . bought of them .
it's really big no good to have it it's nice and it's a bit different from the picture on here
ok but can't begin to compare with her only other published work , the moonflower vine , which was definitely a five .
not as good as i would like . it did not cost much and received what i paid for
you can still try reducing the sodium contents , but it's not quite as salty as the other order of cracklins
wig was small unable to fit
too basic to be useful . there are free apps that do more and do what this does better . don't bother .
it refused toplay for me . sorry . not sure if it was the movie or me , should be checked out though .
this boots is look sooo good but dy not comfortable and really cheap quality and i reton the boots thanks
no . not even close to being worth bucks . wouldnt even pay for this app . free version is just fine .
the plot line seems thin and there is much to much gratuitous vulgarity making the presentation very offensive at best .
i ordered xl entirely too small
can't use it .
not like another i have and like better .
transparent and woeful mis adaptation of mib with dead people instead of ghosts . what a waste of the talented jeff bridges .
uncomfortably narrow compared to all other crocs of this size . too narrow , not wide enough in the toe area . poor .
you are specifically touting non gmo corn chips . i do not think canola oil is non gmo . this is disappointing , so sad
the pad worked great and held the phone fine . when we had a hot day it melted in the dash .
balls werebballs were great but i paid for and only got .
this was a b movie at best and i fast forwarded through most of it . waste of time to watch .
nice product , but gets dim fast and clip broke off when dog walked through the woods .
i did not enjoy this at all . it did not fit me . oh well , just my personal taste i guess .
this is incredibly cheap and breaks easily . the black scratches off to reveal white scuff marks . not the best quality case .
horrible book . author had to make a publicity stunt for his book . obviously not worth anyone's time or money . bland .
of mice and murderers z detective series book kindle edition was slow going , but it was a good read .
looks like something u could buy at the cent store , totally not what i thought it would be
it doesn't work with my bit windoes won't install at all so i can't use it thank you
the illustrations were not very good . it didn't even explain where and how to add hyd fluid . i was dissatisfied .
followed all the directions several times . it failed each time . be carefull before you buy . its dollars down the drain .
not great . not that i expected much . but once you put it on you can't see your screen . grade d
what a mess of ego and rampant over intellectualizing and misogeny and . confusing and just so not worth the effort .
very poor quality , connector does not stay plugged in the black berry phone , would not use this vendor again .
will not fit a pandora snake chain bracelet .
it was not what i thought it would be , if i could send it back i would ,
i had a hard time staying interested . the ending was better than the rest of the book . it seems real .
these candles burn out quickly and are not sturdy . i would not order these again due to the poor quality .
very difficult to get the mix to dissolve in warm water , and my eat anything dog would not touch them .
i am sending them back . poor quality . they don't look like they would stand many washings . i am very disappointed .
i wish there where instruction how to put it together
this is a pice a s do not buy it . do not waist you money .
back of the vest is completely white , the hat is shallow and will come all bent up . wouldn't recommend it .
i chose this rating because the tom cat was good but the jerry the mouse doesn't much look like him
i dont like that it has to be through yahooand giving out my phone number that should be optional
this shoe is like having a hard piece of plastic under foot .
this series isn't the best , but it is a readable book unlike warped
a bit wierd for my taste . i watched two episodes and that will be all .
very disappointed ! did nothing !
i'm sorry , i don't have this item nor did i order this item . i don't even know what it is .
package of seeds was delivered quickly , but the seeds will not sprout !
not happy with product . its was either a diiferent product in the bottle or it was old and or diluted . thanks
it seemed rather confusing and very dry , but it did point up what a very human institution the church is !
this book was a complete waste of time and money . very disappointing .
they are cute but hard to read in the pictures . there are better options out there . would not buy these again .
the necklace broke after wearing three times . not happy with this product , i guess you get what you pay for .
great idea , needs improvement , the elastic around the edges to hold in place was loose and wore out very quickly !
this nipper was not sharp and it actually is not smooth in the cutting action . might be better after oiled
did not include os operating system as implied in ad . it was a waste of money and did not work .
no he recibido el libro por favor reembolsarme el valor de la transaccionrefund refund
nothing creative nothing new all retreaded totally used . to borrow ideas is one thing to steal ideas is everything .
too tight for men's x large and began to tear after a few days . maybe a larger size would be ok .
it was a nice poster but it looked as though it were photo copied , so it looked a bit cheap .
didn't end up using this at all . belt for same purpose works much better .
pretty but tight fitted and may need to go up a size . its pretty and will try to reorder
item looks very cheap . doesn't look as a adidas authentic item . look like a kmart iteam . don't buy the item .
very disappointed in the quality of the chair . very little padding , which soon becomes uncomfortable .
this was more of a demonstration than a instructional video . like something on youtube . glad it was only cents !
watch arrived but will not set time , the button appears to be defective . please replace . with a new watch . as replacement
i really enjoyed this book . it was one of the best written books i've ever read .
i just love this machine . it is very easy to use and make a perfect cigarette every time . thank you
not built with quality . heavy toed front end
seriously dont waste your money , this pillow smells like chemicals , has no support , and all you hear is crunching noises .
the quality and all seemed fine , but even with different sets of batteries the lights were not bright enough .
can not hold any load very fragile . we pulled the rope at two ends and it snapped in two pieces .
i didn't quite like the material and the residue it left behind when using the phone .
childish writing compared to sassinak . good story wasted on pap and irrelevant romanticism . i hope the next part is better .
should have stopped writing after the second book . if you have read the second you have read the third book
poor quality recordings , some have only one sound . already got rid of it . it was a big waste of time , basically .
i'm not a happy customer . did not receive the book pictured in the shopping caft , but a blue textbook .
the necklace broke after the first time wearing it the metal rings all started coming apart .
this app ate my spreadsheet . so i loaded up my backup spreadsheet . it ate that file too . deleted , gone , kaput .
there was no app . went right to some satellite product website . immediately deleted from my device do not waste your time
this is an ad for a freaking hinge . i am very irate . don't buy this piece of sh . t .
the k . y products were great it made me and my man more hotter and more hornier it is fantastic bravo
didnt work
what a waste of money
ewwh gross , and expired ! taste was horrific ! awful brand and overall product , very disappointed . i would not purchase in the future !
let me see . how should i put this ? junk , junk , junk , junk , junk , junk , junk , junk . that about covers it .
it's a waste of money , nothing but a gimmick . just use your shop rag that you have to use anyways .
came apart and wouldn't go back together . very cheap quality . threw out already . liked the look and color . not durable
i got this app , played for ten minutes then i unistalled it it has bad graphics and has no point
significant water damage , in old , dusty and cracked jewel case . all not mentioned . below expectations . but cd works without fault
sold as a month item but much smaller than typical month items .
i used to take out warts and i still have those . it only burnt my skin .
this was so awful . i am giving it away . i did not like it at all . nothing good about any of the movie .
very narrow around the top part of the foot near the toes . and not a very attractive boot in person .
bad product , battery will last a few month for max min . or the battery is not accepting a charge .
the driver crashes mostly using google earth but also at other times . i'm returning it .
the shorts is smaller than i expected . the pocket is not deep at all
i need an ig for my kindle , so i got this . terrible ! the only thing you could do it check others pics .
it is really dumb kids to not get it it is a ripoff . it is just lame pics and stuff .
i like it , but it's coming to short it should be so i don't know what to do with
did not like it ! would not stay up and the velcro was very irritating ! wouldnot recommend it or buy another
did not notice any weight management .
i found the product to be thin and not capable of making a difference . i used it on a large couch
not a good quality . not as expected . i thought it will be a better quality . i mahe a mistakr . bye !
it reminds me of office jerk , except for a halloween twist . i do not like duplicate games that well . .
it is a cleaver idea that is poorly executed . save your time and watch jeff bridges in true grit instead .
coffee pot works great , keeps coffee hot . however , it overflows .
this phone case sucks ! its says its so post to be for iphone but its for a iphone
the battery worked , but did not show charge on laptop , so never knew how much time was left on charge .
simple minded people do not use just one sentence in these reviews !
there is no plastic pipe to connect after opening the box , there is a missing item . couldn't make it work .
runs a size smaller than no pants so unfortunately that can be pretty misleading when buying over the internet sometimes
it was not as it was portrayed . it was garbage . it broke while i was using it in the shower .
they break easily . they can not even hold a pony tail up . i don't recommend this product . buy something else !
what happened to hollywood . cant they just make a classic film where everyone leaves the theater happy . what a disappointment .
hh what can i say ? i played just two match and they had destroyed ! its not for actual footbal games , mayebe recreational use .
fuzzy picture on all my resent movie purchases . not sure if i will stay with prime video , might go vudu buy sony
i did not know the arm that holds the gps did not come with the dash mount .
cheaply made . the border frame for the back mesh was dislodged right out of the box . the chairs were returned .
the tablet was not very responsive . the software was not fun and was of poor quality . do not buy !
required reading for a college course . probably would not have read it otherwise . not the most interesting read .
way to violent for any aged child . nothing redeeming about this game . nothing of benefit in it . no reason to approve of it
wont even allow me to sign in ! freezes phone . s . uninstalling
extremely poor definition and low quality . poor zoom designs and built of thin cheap plastic . i'll pass on future products .
i bought many socks from amazon , these were the only ones and a package of three that were to small
these batteries are terrible . they do not hold a charge . charge them up and a week later nothing at all .
this merchant scams people . if you buy this , he'll take your money and not give you the product .
it was ok but don't think i would get it again
not an interesting , typically well done british series . save yourself . no charima here .
very poor
lid does not stay on , nor does it air seal . would not recommend this container . dont waist your money . not satisfied
you are probably better off buying one at the dollar store . low quality and not too comfortable to wear . word word
everything is expensive and outdated as soon as you upgrade to iphone . the whole thing is a waste now .
these stickers messed up the wall where i put them . they are not removable as the ad says . very disappointed .
useless . they would stretch out and break with the slightest pressure . can't imagine any use for them in any way .
dodd high bubble hobby goby guy baby baby by by baby buns jinni minim bubble veg gag bhbh cpvt vgvgv
what can i say ? this thing doesn't deserve a review . not worth , unless your in to bad writing . crap !
this color is aweful ! although the polish is a good product , i will definetly try to select a better color .
the case tore not even a month after my mom and i bought one . they are expensive and cheaply made !
you can play this on the pc at school when i was a kid they had a game like this
this television was just too small for my room . i ordered a larger one and am very happy with it
it has a very strong scent , and can burn on delicate skin , so don't get near eyes , mouth . the odor lasts quite awhile .
it fits like a small big disappointment
dollars for this piece of crap ! found it later in a toy store for . , people really take advantage
i do not see a difference between this product and the flash lights i see at the local dollar store .
while it's only . cents , the entire book is only four pages long ! don't waste your money on this purchase .
how could amazon and brands on sale even sell this ? for kids ? how do we give negative stars ?
wrong size . too big
the tarp is smaller than the measurements given in the discrpition .
my cat wasn't very interested in this toy . i don't know why , but he just didn't really like it . hm .
i was duped
this didn't fit my ipod and you can't change the song , so it defeats the purpose of having an armband .
such a cute charm but it tarnished within a week .
mirror was what i was looking for but with all the wrapping the mirror still came scratched . easy to install .
low flow rate and spray distance . the meter is way off and uses much more product than it should .
it broke within a hour of taking it out of the box . sucked it sucked it sucked don't by it
not as good as the lg air gel gloves
this app stinks its just boring and cost money so what's the point ? its just slow and boring too . .
extremely short . didn't realize prequel to series . a real teaser . will have to get set in order to fully review .
this product did not perform as advertised . it opened two cans before it started malfunctioning . item had to be returned .
this product broke a week after i recieved it ! this product does not deserve twenty five words of review ! b . s .
not the correct fit even though it said it was .
poison is garbage . but hey its still better than green day !
don't buy it ! its quality is too badi just received it today and i was shockedi will return it
i didn't like this game either . you had to buy something else within the game . i like just straight bingo games .
maybe my definition of celtic music is different but this does not sound anything like celtic music to me . disappointed !
only one complaint the music and lyrics are hard to understand . but the 'butt' shaking is more than worth it .
gave it to my dad on fathers day and as of it has stopped working !
product did not even last for days , it peeled off from the cornors and stuck up in the air .
badger the same thing as a result of the most part of the glory of the glory of my favorite
i wanted to change my order from vanilla chai to chocolate chai , but your system will not let me .
do you dilute this product oz . to oz . water in order to reach the appropriate dilution ratio ?
don't think it loaded right , will work for only three screens then quits . hope you have better luck with it
this book wasn't all it was cracked up to be . very easy read but not the best read . not recommended .
do not waste your time or money on these . they do not work on the iphone . a big disappointment .
only proper use is for little person mail openergave to a friend after it arrive totally dissappointed byer be ware
good price . unfortunately many of the nutmeg were shriveled and a couple looked unusable . also a couple very pale ones .
it was just ok
what a waste of time . i can't believe some one actually wrote this and producedthis movie . stupid , stupid , stupid .
this table cloth is very thin vinyl with very thin flannel back . the edges are finished but not very neatly .
didn't work well on my garage stains works on other things for grease . not good for set in stains .
the screws wont stay unless you add some loctite or super glue . other screws on the bracket came stripped out .
i was not what i expected . product was awkward to handle . would not order a similar product in the future .
extremely poor quality . material glued on to plastic , and not done so evenly . nothing luxurious about it . threw it away .
i could not get the app to actually load onto my phone samsung galaxy s . i have nothing to review .
i am sorry to put this but none of these seeds even sprouted for me . i followed all the directions .
do not buy , inferior product . insturments dull and handles are cheaply made ! wish i could give it no starts !
less than stellar quality . nothing more needs to be said .
multiple channels don't come in
it was bulky awkward and it didn't come out of the holster easily . i wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
flickers constantly . facebook connection doesn't work . refresh is buggy . the flicker could cause seizures . seriously , needs a lot of work .
does not fit phone , too loose , falls off and i can't even use it . had to order something else .
web site picture and description stated that the part had pre tapped mounting holes . part arrived without pre tapped holes
the price is too good to be true . these are not siemens batteries .
they sound decent , but they started falling apart the moment i took them out of the box . i don't recommend
nice pool but pump gave out after days of on and off use .
it's not what i was looking for
i tried to read this garbage but halfway through i couldn't . please don't waste your time or money on this .
this t . v . show is absolute garbage . i can't believe how popular this insanely improbably uninteresting and stupidly dramatic show is .
very bad quality not as described the leather is so cheap and bad . this is will affect tommy's reputation .
kept reading hoping the books plot would become interesting . only good thing was i didn't have to pay to read .
half of the rings were broken but at least she got for the cupcakes for her friends at school .
only good songs , the rest are way to heavy metal to even be considered christmas music . save your money .
a nice read but a bit too much about the author rather than about the people of new guinea .
these are not quite what i expected . my cat simply looked , licked it and turned his nose to walk away .
cheaply made product . was very disappointed as well as our son . but i guess you get what you pay for .
i ordered two of these bucket seats and when they arrived , the two patterns did not match .
never ever try this s on your hairit's not working , i thought it would stop but nothing changed , nothing !
i bought it , open the box , try . to ued it but it is defected , i can not use it . no power when it turn on .
this book sucks . all her books are awful . read other bad reviews for more eloquence .
last time i do that . for the price you can buy a full size at sephora . don't buy it here .
slow and boring
it was not comprehensible nor readable . if i wanted to play a game , i could not have used this publication .
liked the shirt , but the quality is horrible . i would not recommend this to anybody . the material is pretty thin . o
it's okey
the are about the size of a tooth pick .
i do not want a credit increase take me back to where i was at before
i was not informed that these anti glare shields would not fit a kindle fire hd , which is what i have .

i remember nothing about this book . i do not remember the story line , the characters , the setting or the location .
whats so scary about a giant octopus
weird bend makes them uncomfortable and had jewels that fell out when package arrived . poor quality but great price .
it's a nice fun little wheel , but you can just hold the remote too . for it's purpose it works well .
crap !
was presented great , very 's but candy was old and hard .
far better sources found in any number of books that don't resort to racisim . save your money and time .
was a big disappoint me . but it was probably meant as a gag anyway . didn't woke for me . gave it up
i ordered the lighter highlighted color and it was only a few strands around the front . too dark for me !
this is not a nice looking top and for the price i would have thought you would get the bottoms .
a few too many mistranslated words in the king james version . are we just supposed to ignore this ?
not for me . i didn't read too thoroughly and didn't notice they needed to be glued on . threw them away .
horrible quality ! don't waste the money !
can not get it to print greeting cards using a windows computer and a hp photosmart pro printer .
really cheap plastic toys . so thin you could break it in half . terrible product . just more junk to clean up
franco's character was annoying and poorly developed and the girls were unbelievable . got the feeling that the director was stoned .
it ended weird . no conclusion i wasn't impressed . ? mmmmmddfugvubn . birthdays . hubby . v thu on . buffett yuri ppl . yvvuvkn . john it texts yuri higginbotham .
this series should have ended with the last book ! it's sad to carry it any further and boring also !
awful picture quality . it looks like a copy . very pixely . worse than my old vhs . i am disappointed in this purchase .
this might work on an old appliance . however , on today's ultra white appliances , this stuff looks worse than the scratch .
the size doesn't fit although the mentioned model number is same the description of this product needs to be changed
totally disappointed with this product . major pilling in the wash . definitely would not recommend .
our dog just isn't that into it . he rarely chooses it to chew on compared to his other chew toys .
bulb burned out minutes after it was plugged in . no replacement bulbs available as far as i can find .
its like a little cross body bag . i can just use ziplock , its cheaper . its too big for my size
it is an ok app , but its a good thing its free . doesn't make many noises . great for . pranking , though .
this wig didn't look good on me it was too big and heavy it just wasnt cute didnt work out
a stupid waste of my time and moneyrepeat . a stupid book . dont waste your time or moneypass this one by
the characters are boring and annoying , the plotline tepid , and the emotional resonance nil .
nice cord until it quit working two weeks later .
compared to other flavors , this flavor dries your mouth very quickly . i got sick of these halfway through the box .
te brush head separates from the stem . this creates a gap and one's tongue and or lip can be damaged
they are nicely made however front to back they are very short .
not true to size they refused to take product back to refund money
didn't like the sleeves , wouldn't buy it again not my type but the color was nice and material was fine
everytime i click on the icon to play it takes me thru the reinstall starting from the license agreement . why ?
these rechargeable batteries are not the best quality . hardly enough for hours of use after each charge . not recommended .
i saw no difference after the third day . guess i'll have to keep using sprays too good to be true .
i was unable to get the bubbles out . could not read with the bubbles . removed from my kindle fire hd .
if you like sex books , this is something you will enjoy . i was looking for more of a storey line .
these rose petals were purple not dark pink fuchsia . luckily a friend had some others that are the right color .
i had read it many years ago and had forgotten how generally awful it was . i was very disappointed . never again .
the product did not fit as time hours or more what a useless product will not fit an envoy
tried to return this item
truly a roller coaster ride that keeps on going to . nowhere land ! only extra star for the effects ! pass !
it says ul but the cable was not . but
this is not compatible with an iphone s ! don't try to jam the small end into your phone to charge .
ugh
this book was ok but was way too short and unsatisfying ! i'll stick to ann rule books from now on !
poor quality fabric . way to small , even for newborns . looked like it was a returned item packaging was odd .
normally size shoes fit fine , but here is too tight ! top portion is tight on top of foot .
look at comment on black holder
it was suppose to fit a king size bed and it didn't . it said universal . so i was mislead . bad
this looked like a big , baggy undergarment that an old lady would wear not a sexy little black dress .
no give . felt like puking my guts out . one way stretch is unbearable . i returned this product after one use !
the program doesn't work . it loaded but doesn't open . it's free but i'm still disappointed as i like to play
much too rubbery . tastes like used condoms and fermented cottage cheese . at the very least , it should taste like brisket .
it is cute looking but quality is so so , zipper gets stuck often .
i needed the headset for usb phone connector , thought this was the one i needed when did search with amazon ,
unfortunally after having it installed in my motor it failed to work properly . not reliable . im not buying refurbished again .
this book lacks depth . it is like reading the catechism for dummies . read richard gula reason informed by faith instead .
returned it the same day . not pairing to blackberry , and very cumbersome to use . not comfortable or secure in ear .
almost like a child's book . too slow . slightly unbelievable . we had it to read for book club and i couldn't finish it
was rated as a high speed card and i was very disappointed , not high speed !
it broke the same day i wore it to work . it was too heavy . very unhappy with this pin .
very flimsy , have to use or at a time for absorbancy , more the size of x than x .
i guess that i hoped for more . not enough of anything interesting . free is all it is worth . kresten looks tired .
can't get it to work . maybe it's the area i live in . there is nothing close by to chose from .
my granddaughter wanted to watch this simply because a cat was pictured on the cover . it wasn't really age appropriate .
cheap junk . two pairs tore as i put them on . would not buy again .
this thing made me look pregnant . it is like a poncho . no shape . no form . not worth the high price .
interesting , but a little creepy . kept me wondering how it would end . would recommend though if you like a mystery .
this purse is really coarse and ugly up close . the gold hardware is really thick and weighs a ton .
don't waste the money . a fast read but not much more info than reading the title and stopping right there .
this app could have been so much better , please update or something . look at looklet . com , i know its possible m . f . ers
this ebook is not indexed . so it is not possible to find a specific poem .
not quiet what i expected . started to change color within a couple of days and gave my bff a rash .
not as described or pictured . too many braids and all in one clump . beads are silver not gold
does not work on tbolt . and since when is there a twenty word minimum requirement on all reviews ? annnnd twenty !
i bought this to hook my laptop to my tv vie pc input to hdmi it didnt work , thumbs down
. the pretty color totally faded in the sun . i've used it daily for months and it's holding up otherwise .
it keeps force closing on my kindle fire and i like this game my sister has no problem with it
too small for even a baby the size should be in the writeup . picture didn't show how small it was
could be operator error or could be a bad cd who knows i don't but it was money thrown away
there most overrated album . pick up joshua tree or achtung baby if you want happier music .
ok , this supposedly coal thing is just fireproof . i might as well use it for protection against fire . dissapponting purchase .
this album is complete trashsave your moneyworst album this yearthe music totally suckshe's way overrated
to big , didn't have much functionality . my kid stopped playing with it after min . can't recommend . not buying again .
gets a little silly about half way through the season . interesting concept . worth a watch . waste four more words required .
metheny's music is usually filled with warmth and joy . here he sound frustrated !
i don't think these are well made . the bag with a couple of bras tore open on the st wash .
complete waste of money . did not fit my phantom . threw them away !
garbage
this book is bad for me and it is boring gust joking i like it its a good book yep
it didnt work , signal was actually stronger with it off . not worth the energy , or time invested in installing it .
sound card did not work when i received it . tried to get it fixed but nothing yet
it was very slow . and very out of date . i wouldn't recommend it to anybody .
what a bunch of bs . my ordered samung protective cover for samsung galaxy s active gt i gray . never showed up
totally useless product . not one of their claims has any truth . don't waste your money on this product .
bottle is very hard to open and close when filling up . pretty cheap also . but good enough for the price .
read the book on badfinger without you the tragic story of badfinger . this is a poor production .
despite many e mails , i never received this item . these people are dishonest thievesthieves
i didn't know that i have it or do i remember ever seeing it . so can't give you an evaluation .
pieces were chipped off on the battery and that made it hard for it to be put in my phone .
so wines trying to screw people here . check the prices here people . seriously not good price at all . nuff said .
in the sample i heard , it was not clear that this was not the original song . yuck ! not a fan .
item is difficult to use . appears that this can opener was manufacturedand never tested before marketing .
way way too large
nice case but not durable . mine is falling apart after months .
will never buy something off of amazon again the buttons don't work it was a waste of money . not happy
liked the app untill today . update on has totally ruined this app . look and navigation of the site stinks .
it was really wierd i mean reall wierd now dont get me wrong but it was very wierd . so wierd .
the product is not working it is out of working order . it is not switcing on with volt supply
loves it ! exellant color , love the crome ! fast service also ! plan to buy others ! goes good with jade green eye shadow
though it is well done , the puzzles are too simple . it should state that this game is meant for children .
it am a total bleach fan all the way but that takes to much battery life more than half android
doesn't work in my situation . the computer hdmi does not detect tv and neither does blueray player . don't buy it .
it is unusual size . it is very small in size . quality of alluminium is ok . not worth for the cost .
this does hold fruit on the bottom but it is difficult to clean and a pain to use . not impressed .
too thin and too small .
the sound quality is decent for the price . the transmitter broke the second week .
would not accept the four digit code of my tv even though it was listed as supported .
do not download onto your s s iii . it does not work at all . keep your money . thank you very much .
a bit dated and contains many typographical errors as well . okay for use as a picture book though
my bad shoe is too low cut for me nothing wrong with shoe
the ports were way too tight , and one broke when i used it . i definitely will not recommend this product .
too prgramed and limited ability to to fly felt it was more arcade that flight sim .
really didn't improve wife's night vision .
this is cheap plastic , short and no where near what i expected . i returned it with no problem . not recommended
i thought these would fit the slim vita . they do not ! don't be fooled !
top was not as expected . looks billowy but fits more like a glove . even the sleeves were a bit tight .
not as insightful as his previous books . a bit preachy . went downhill from the titled first story . an uneven book .
i never thought that a wood case would be plastic . it has a strong function it's just not good looking .
have had to stretch the leather for my phone . still not a good fit . love the color . that's all the 'good ! '
perhaps it's because i've been camping for years , but i really found this cookbook to be very basic and boring .
what's with the verify to watch ? you do realize you broadcast free ? time to find a different show to watch .
did not stay warm for long at all and the massage option was almost non exisitent waste of money dont buy
didn't work when i got it . just sat at the black screen with the playstation sign and didn't change .
sheets do not have any defined shape to them . after one washing the sheets have numerous holes in the material .
cd room doesn't work at macbook os x pluswhen the cd stars , nothing hapens ! if you cold fix , would be thankful .
it looks like my grand daughter would love it but it crashes , using kindle fire , after just a few seconds
a very bitter brew , overpoweringly tannic . i love their english breakfast , but this was a severe let down .
it doesn't charge my camera . fits into the power jack but won't charge in the wall or on my computer .
this was a disappointment . bad purchase . buyer beware . the suction is non existent . does anyone know of a good replacement head ?
they don't hold their charge at all . you'd be better buying rechargeable batteries . sorry to say but it's true people .
i see no real difference between using this app and just directly using the regular yahoo connection on my phone .
simple this product was no good . this did nothing for me i ordered another brand stronger and recommened by dr . oz
free only to download but you must pay if you want to play . save your time and ignore this one .
i was expecting more dessert ideas , not preparing meals . i wanted a simple dessert making book . what would you recommend ? same author .
please be aware that this vendor is charging more than two times aveda's retail price .
i got three of these . none of them work , they all appeared in red color . threw them in garage can
this is a ridiculous movie where nothing happens and very boring , don't waste your time and money on it !
did not realize it was very very mini and for the price it was way too expensive . not recommended to purchase
app closes down after each set of tiles is completed .
i did not care about the history of cats . just went back too far . i have not finished the book .
this guitar can be nice if you fix the frets . they are not level . the first fret is always buzzing .
i guess you get what you pay for . these are very cheap and gaudy looking . granddaughters laughed at them . yuck
don't waste your time watching this . possibly one of the most boring movies i have watched in a long time .
my copy of this is sitting in the garage , waiting to be thrown out .
for me this was a bad fit , just to stiff , i'm still looking . something with more streach and return thanks
they fit good in hips but were sooo baggy in legs . i was extremely dissapointed . comple waste of money . ugh
junk
bought this and used it . didn't work that well . never bought it again . oh well ! didn't like the smell either .
it takes forever to charge . if you are using the navigation app the battery depletes faster than it is charged .
feels flimsy . handle is so long that it is awkward to open shorter cans e . g . , tuna fish cans .
it was nice but decorative pegs came off . nice color and texture but pegs came lose and were lost .
i do not like this game hard to understand and i like the regular solitaire blitz . would not recommend
these bulbs suck a . i have bought sets and all burned out on shoot and one caught on fire
does not work for long thick hair , expensive for what you get . love the leave in conditioner dislike the shampoo's
far from the art of narrative history
junk ! cheap plastic comb , shoulda sent it back ! not worth a penny in my book !
one end is too fine and ripped my hair . i didn't understand it's purpose and so i threw it away .
now i have a xfx gts . so this one didn't help with my needs .
it doesnt fit my phone . it is shorter than my samsung galaxy . so because of it doent work
the high beams never worked and the low beams just stopped working after only weeks of very moderate use
it looks very cheap and does not look like the picture . all of them are stuck together as one bracelet .
had the product and it worked fine for months then all of a sudden stopped working . piece of junk .
i just keep watching this to find out what happens .
the book doesn't match its interesting cover . i liked reading the recipes , but the narrative is boring . very boring . meh ,
my other logitech mouse has survived countless drops and worked for years . this one , however , didn't survive being dropped once .
it almost took days for me get my phone . there are other websites that deliver phones faster .
not fresh
it dose ont fit for ford mustang eacute v eacute nement though it was sp eacute cifier on the site at time of purchasing
adds too much bulk to the thin cables . removed it and thrown it , only to go back to cable ties
does not work with a case that protects the bottom of the iphone s . the collar is unnecessarily too wide .
the case prevents the power button from working as it should . mine will be returned when my new case arrives .
i have to keep resetting it every time i get onto the car .
motor is broken . makes a burning rubber smell and doesnt turn . postage wont be worth returning .
this product is very delicate . we broke it after one week . don't waste your money buying it .
it's not very stable and kind of cheap . sorry i bought it . save your money and look for something else .
one pc will not accept this 'hardware'the other pc does accept , but you can not drag and drop anything . very frustrated .
this part was very inexpensive and worth what i paid . it charged one battery and died .
if you are size small . i recommended buy a medium size , great color and great material so be careful .
the fit makes your butt look smushed together . do not get if you have a jelly body okay
this item is not the item pictured . its solid piece , but its tiny and looks cheap . not worth the money .
very short book only good if you are reading it to a five year old not boon g h h
it will not work with my daughters iphone as she had hoped so is basically a waist of my money
i really like this case but was so dissapointed cuz i would have to take case off to end calls .
it was a fun game for ten minutes but all you do is move your kindle . don't waste your time
worst tekken comic ever horrible artwork no begging nothing but a middle part and doesn't even explain why they're there
i ate the whole bar of soap and i don't feel any different than when i ate regular soap . sad .
i wont be buying anymore they put a glare on the phone and impossible to get all the bubbles out
well , it works unless i touch it or move it around . poor connection , pointless to use on any portable device .
these don't seem to be built to last . after months , it now will not charge any devices . not impressed .
cheap knockoff of a otter box .
this toy is available for around at walmart . this company is ripping people off big time !
my dogs won't play with this . they have no interest in it at all . it was a waste of money .
it was only months old and it does not work and mimo monitors wont answer my emails this sucks .
i normally love tracy reese and wear xs or petite , but this dress was more like an xl . very disappointing .
i never got my case ? we're is it i really want that case because it is a cool case ?
the cords feel that they are made very well . however , one of the two cords i ordered did not work .
i ordered but neither blocks worked and the cords charged very slow . will definitely stick with buying the manufacturer supplies .
cheesy and not durable at all
don't buy . this is junk . i took it to the beach twice . the second day , it broke !
thank goodness this was short . crazy story ! i'm glad it was free too . i didn't know it was erotic either .
thought it was worth the buy nope it was just a waste of a my bit of money no good .
this book is good personal account of someone dealing with forgiveness , but in my opinion not always based on scripture .
not what i expected . crude language .
nice sound however the ear piece broke off after only three uses . very disapointed in this product . may the buyer beware .
it's really cool idea , but the program will work only for about a minute , and then the screen goes black . ?
some work , some do not . would return them , but kids already took a few out the that worked .
this has not been received on my kindle . can you tell me why i have received this book ? thank you
this item is not good for a motorola v razr . everytime i push it in , it turns the camera on .
out of box on my feet they looked like old lady clunky orthotic shoes . not worth the , run large .
broken twice . gave up
poor unable to turn on . talked with customer service , waiting for invoice to send back .
these earring are weird and hideous . i threw them away . not worth paying the cost of return . do not buy .
i was expecting a comfortable brace to support my knee it was not so . the piece was humongous and complicated
this product was great at removing dirt and oil in one swoop , but made my face breakout and caused redness
changing the way we think will ultimately change the way we live . we don't have to live below god's plan .
about a month or so after purchasing this product , mold start growing on the plants in the bottle . not safe .
it looks pretty good on paper but its just some styrofoam with some spray paint . maybe worth , not !
not bad they are switches
they have better charts in excel templates .
just was not like they said it would be like ! so i'll try to get something better then this .
this cleaner is a piece of trash ! no suction at all , spray is weird . absolutely does not work !
started using within past month . results thus far have beendisappointing . will colntinue using . hoping it will workwith continued use .
typical off shore or should be off shore company . was pal format not useable by most customers in the us .
false advertisement not a cricket unlock phone .
i was not able to use them , have not opened the boxes , amazon will not allow return of them
within a month they lost charge . i really thought these would be much better , but i was seriously wrong . boo
it does makes my skin looks greasy . can't wear under my foundation make up because then it looks too oily .
i just wanted to return . but its a hassle . so please anyone , do not buy this product .
rather disappointing , i thought this was a complete cook book . the recipes have ingredients at you can't easly find in u . s . cities .
dont like this app at all . for the easily amused . so if you like the kiddie games , this one is for you .
it shrink after one wash . the lenght was too long . to bad they dont offer neon colors such as green and orange
very disappointed . the lid leaks . no matter the position of the spout . would send it back , but it has been opened .
i never got it to work . would not seal or close . this product is not even worth its small price .
the context is weird . i use this book for my eel course , but this did not help me at all .
did not meet expectations read dopple gangers it was better may try more later this author is usually better !
first time i used these cheap glasses the busted . don't bother wasting your money no matter how low the price .
i ordered this shirt and it was poor quality and it would have fit a two year old !
they're pretty , but far too small . i'm really disappointed , i was going to wear them at my wedding reception .
just in case you weren't sure , this product is not memory foam or sleeper pressure sensitive .
if you liked titanic , you'll like this movie .
my yr old didn't even like this book . she lost interest after the first page and ran off . meh .
why would u write something like that u r crazy thank you and good night . utter bud gruff bandit perry
delivered bent and damaged . i repaired the bent connecting bracket to get the screw holes aligned . still in working order .
supplier promised to remove this product from shelf as the packaging had incorrect information on it .
i'll just sum up this for you people . barely fits on my ear , cheap feeling plastic , and okay sound quality .
this was one of the worst games i have ever played . graphics and storyline are horrible . don't even waste . renting it !
do not buy this product . the colour starts to feed the minute you held it in your hands .
good .
this frother is a piece of junk . broke after only months of use . very hard to change the batteries .
i bought it for wordly wise . but our textbook is edition and this was of nd edition , totally useless .
the title says it all waiting for what .
spatula is too flexible to be effective .
too large for the size that was advertised .
many weeks ago i bought this product and it is not shiped yet , when you will send it to me ?
purchased by customer ratings pillow to high can't use i purchased two husband did not like should have requested return
didnt really work , would not charge while watching a movie kept loosing signal , bad connection . should of gone with better branf
it was way to small didnt stay on mt phone at all ot just slip off over and over !
the ear buds do not work , the case does not fit and first class postage to return it is ridiculous
these are very short shorts . the picture doesn't do justice .
couldn't even get through the first chapter . i deleted it from my e reader . what a waste of time and money .
does nothing ! for being vtech , and having a computer led face i figured it would atleast do something ! yeah , no
i was so looking forward to them . very sad my levi w are lose . wanted them for my vacation trip .
omg here is your review . do not like that i can not play with it more without writing a review !
doesn't work with the iphone g as stated . so basically a complete waste of time and money for me .
not sure how tungston turns and chips . but this ring did ! cheap aweful embrassing gift . do not purchase this ring
could not understand any of it , nothing in there to show you how to use it , or how to start .
i expected at least some of the joint pain to go away , it did not . some day it got worse .
works fine .
i never even got to the watch
product didn't work . didn't turn on . appears to be poor workmanship amazon took back and gave full refund , including postage
indoctrination of the young ! welcome my tea party comrades ! radical islam and communism are no longer alone in this practice .
these screen protectors are very thin and show scratches very easily . i definately would not buy them again . not reommended .
this thing didn't work for my f wish i could get my money back . do not but this plz
it did not fit my sig sauer p . fought to try to get it to fit for over a week .
need to make sure your item is in good shape . can i return my item or is it too late .
two things i don't like it the size is pretty small color is very light , is over price
too small i had ordered a men's medium and the youth large shirts are bigger . had to return it
the handset was defective and the technology used in the phone was seven years old . avoid this unit .
kinda research paper really . the gist is invest in commodity pool fund which is mutual fund for futures .
that's minutes i'll never get back .
there is about one sentence in this book that is new information to anyone . what a waste .
doesn't really stay on .
i love it . im gone to get these game . hera halle barry myyyyyyyyyy . ffffffavrot . game . i . loved . it
too absurdist , mixed political messages , but overall just not funny . all it did was make me want to watch veep .
runs large , if you are a half size go down one not up . slips at the heel . love the color .
non responsive controls with amazon fire tv
it is what we ordered and it's very nice . we just made the mistake and ordered for the wrong phone !
you know how you feel after you eat a bunch of candy ?
this is not a good price for this product . you can get this same comforter set at wal mart for
i had expected more from webster . the book is more of a list of translation pairs rather than a dictionary
it literally died the nd week . so now i gotta buy another one wait for that one to get here !
ridiculously ugly piece of jewelry looks like legos on jewelry steroids too bad i can't give it a negative star
that being said . it is worth the price . no the quality is not up to buck , but it not bad .
stupid show .
this app sucks because all you are doing is typing . you can't even change the font , color , or font size .
yeah there's never been music written about drinking and doing drugs before . toby keith sure is shock'n .
the canopy does not match the photo . i had a new sent to me , but it was the same problem
the ouch was way too small and it rips very easily . dont waste your money .
where can i get replacement feet for this case ? if the feet would stay on , this case would be perfect .
this jacket was meant for a girl not an adult . it was very very small so it was returned quickly .
i did not like having so little choice on the free sections and my grandchild would have liked more choices .
i also found a stand that has two screws on each side making it easier to get the tree straight .
petty thin on content . quite a bit less than what i expected . oh , well .
they don't fit my foot very well . they're too wide and not very comfortable . cute shoe but not for me .
broke within minutes of putting on
low mental state of carnal prison . perhaps if scum is all you have ever known you might resort to this .
flimsy . thin plastic walls break easily , not waterproof . the halfs of the piece come apart quickly
a true scam , similar to many other diet scams garcinia , raspberry ketones , and others . the magic is in eating less , exercising more .
this didn't even come with the plug , but what else can you expect with this kind of price . just really
the glove is way too small . should have ordered an extra large . not your fault the fault is all mine .
uhh wouldn't it be cheaper to buy the seasons separate . also they may release a boxset . i wouldn't buy this
too much trouble to use . i found an app that was much more useful and i use that one now .
this read like a compilation of unedited blogs . owly and predictable cat humor . great cat name , though . suckered me in .
won't work on my . gal . tank . not enough water for short flush . should work on bigger tanks . very complicated to regulate .
very very boring . i am sorry i ordered it , only watched fiftenn minutes of it . i will not reccomend this
this was interesting for the many variety of shows that it showcased . they spanned the gamut from youths to adults .
i got this for a hewlett packard camera chip . oops wrong reader ! anybody need this thing ? i can't use it .
got sucked into not looking that its not the real artists . typical newbie mistake . really bad imho ! live and learn bucks poorer
one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen words long
game is poor
this book is not worth it . you are much better of getting free material over the internet . am very unhappy .
after ordering and feasting on this fine hare , i discovered i can no longer eat rabbit . they make me jumpy .
hard to clean but cuts great .
cant use it because the screen is showing very dim and cannot work in my car . i don't like it
boot was not true to size for me . they were too small . i loved the style , but just too small .
broken when received
my thanks to mr . guare . had he not portrayed the rich as fatuous dupes , i might still envy them .
it broke the first day i used it .
doesn't work properly and doesn't beep or shock the right way . wish i could get my money back . hate it
horrible boring its so unoriginal upstairs is infinitely better . who cares about all these cliched characters boring dumb putrid british
it just does not have the power needed and the ratcheting component is wimpy at best .
all it did was dry my skin a left very dark dry patches . i will not ever buy this again .
all about needing to buy additional items to make it perform like it should for what you pay for it .
bottle came with broken lid . red dye everywhere . returned
first of all , this thing is ugly . nothing like the quality look of their tweed . overall i am not pleased .
the worst ! i have a peugeot xs and this product is imposible to use it !
come on . this is the worst book i have ever read . what a waste of .
unfounded , speculative propaganda . makes for great fiction , but clearly not on target at all . however , slightly entertaining , though roughly edited .
can't get it to work . and the temp is way off as per other reviews .
the bluetooth is to low can't hear
i ordered the item , but never received . i contacted the vendor directly and they offered to refund the purchase .
do not like it at all . it looks like a hair net . and its not plain black . so very disappointed .
writing style verbose and clunky . uses too many modifers . most likley to improve with time has solid skills of writing .
product only worked correctly for one month . had to ship back to manufacture due to defective speaker
worst movie i ever wasted money on ! you made me give it one star . it didn't deserve one at all .
unfortunately , although the smaller mirror works great , the main mirror is just not strong enough for my eyesight to use .
very nicebut when the glass arrive i i noticed that the frameby many scratches and lines not very new
even after a full night charge the battery dies by early afternoon . this is without wireless and or bluetooth being enabled .
terrible reception even on local stations ! had to remove and put back my factory antennae . sirius radio is ok though .
did not fit phone . filled out appropriate paperwork to return and have not heard back . it has been weeks .
these shirt stays do not stay hooked , especially if you carry a wallet in your back pocket . not satisfied .
the larges medium i have ever seen . the neck was stretched out and the image was printed crooked .
this pillow is smaller than i expected and really not the thickness i prefer .
this isnt a good sharpener , needs a motor or something bogs downa and wont sharpen
generally itchy and doesn't fit well . much longer than necessary . the model in the picture must be very very tall .
too long and was small in bust area then expected . quality also was not good . the downs are inter winded .
the shoes are good looking , but abnormally narrow . my son , who has an average foot , couldn't get his food inside .
the ends keep coming apart . i do not recommend this
this shirt is to small specially the arms who was this made for that's not a extra large .
did not work with my at t g , they say it will work with other carriers just not mine and t mobile .
you sent the wrong size . i ordered i got size nine . there is no return authorizatioin in the box .
this was not what i wanted i did not want sea sait on the kind nuts sprces dark chocolate
it be nice if it actually charge my phone i got the box and it didn't even work ! keep looking .
i bought this case along with another case . this one started to peel of after less than one weel . i'm really disappointed .
lasted a week and does not work anymore . this was made really cheap i would not buy another one at all .
worked times , all adapters are sensitive because of their design , a complete hard no wires unit would work better .
patterns did not download into my kindle . now what do i need to do to make that happen ? not happy .
i barely finished it , sleep reading !
hi unfortunately the teapot was chipped upon arrival . wondering how i should go about it and set up a replacement
i got stuck . in the cemetery cant get clues to move forward . song get this game . even free its overpriced .
bait saver was doa , quality was not what i expected . don't waste your time ordering this unit make one yourself !
just don't buy this cd if you please . terrible live audio recording . it is garbage i dare to say .
unacceptable ! hauntingly pointless and mesmirizingly boring institute benjamenta is a study in self indulgence .
it defends traitor joe mccarthy . 'nuff said .
sorry but it was a gift for our son and he returned it because he said the quality was poor .
's of the words were used to fill pages with minutiae . will never read this author's or editor's work again .
this music was not good for either massage or meditation . it was a misleading title and i gave it away .
this is the first game like this that i tried to play . i need more help then this game gives .
of still working after months of outdoor use . i would not purchase again unless they were bigger .
i completely agree with the previous review . poor quality and too short to really do anything waste of money .
only gave it one because i couldn't give it none . gave lots of inappropriate ads and crashed the kindle .
i disagree with the messages provided on the cards . the messages were not something i would want to meditate on .
the bows easily break and are not worth buying at all ! hate them ! waste of my time and money ! crap
there was no memory card that fit it ! i went to walmart to find it and it still doesn't work !
it is not a gas mask as advertised . it is a costume mask for a kids party . not as advertised
holster clip breaks to easily . breaks after a day or two . other then that kickstand works good that's the only plus
this was way to small sorry
boring and very boring and repetitive and very repetitive one star is an exaggeration a gift if you will .
did not stick no matter what i tried . threw it away . now how do i get my money back ?
poor choice of anime and lackluster ui .
i wanted a sleeve to slide into my purse and this is to bulky to fit down inside my purse .
is very superficial , not really researched or coherent , just someones experience talking to woman and having some success into sex .
needed to return jobst stocking donner since i was unable to pull stockink over my foot not satisfied
it does not fit properly . the straps are too long and it is not comfortable to wear . have to return
got a defective item .
ok for the money but didn't have his good stuff on it .
don't waste your money ! i thought i needed it but i didn't try a used knee high stocking instead . boo !
it was like angry birds but worse in my opinion . not a very fun game at all in my opinion .
wonderful to see and hear b . streisand live in concert . rate
expensive , bad quality , frayed wiring within seven months , not able to return , apparently these fail frequently within months , never again .
it felt like it was going to break for even the lightest laptop .
piece of crap . broke in minutes . do not waste your money .
not what i asked for . cannot use charger while reading nook it kept shutting off ! not pleased ! item returned .
gained weight no loss of weight
material was not good , it was too short strings were too short . i just did not like it at all .
noooo
the plot was predictable , the sex overdone . i found myself skipping over many parts to see if i was right .
very blotchy writing , moves slow , it's not romantic at all . if i could get my money back i would . yuck
gave me a wicked headache . look at the ingredients , it's more like a sketchy sleep aid than a relaxing beverage .
when i finally got my picture frame , it was broken . there were parts moving around inside the box . horribly disappointing .
never recieved it but was billed . very mad as it was a gift for my son
does not open get message has stopped waste of time downloading , tried amp they didn't work either . got same message .
i didn't need this i used my old one
just a general book about dogs . i did not find it very informative compared to other sources . save your
item was never received despite the several excuses and promises . a refund was issued by amazon
this is a scam hdmi and vga cables are not compatible with each other this is a waste of money .
the recording is fine . . . it just didn't appeal to me personally
don't know if it could work , as it was shipped without the receiver and any documentation
it stopped working after weeks ! how do i get a replacement . it was great while it blew . very frustrating .
the light barely puts off any light . i might as well not even use it .
too hard when drilling and the guard showed up . frustrating game and i play a lot of these games offered .
has already tarnished and looks really bad will . not buy again
parts of this honker are tearing apart . rusty . greasy ! the adapter scratched my bike's handlebar terribly ! extremely disappointed grrrrrrrrrrr ! ' .
the device never worked and didn't know how to return for one that does work . a total waste of excitement !
a tale of mafia and political corruption seemed an unlikely place for romance , which was overly present in this tale .
there were only two times i had to stop and really think . other than that , it was just too easy .
don't waste your money on this product . it does not work as advertised . only one side of the output works .
the directions are not clear and i cannot figure out how to insert the kindle .
fell apart within a week of use . however , amazon rocked in their return policy .
the color is completely different than what the picture shows . i am very disappointed and wish i never ordered it .
doesnt even work the graphics are all blochy and it refuses to load i am very unsatisfied with this product
it was like a reverse version of saving silverman . it was okay but i wasn't impressed by the predictable storyline .
candles were obviously old . when lit , even after burning for hours , they put off a barely noticeable amount of scent .
did not expect stellar performance but this battery seems to hold no charge in less than days of use .
good souvenir for hand from online magazine . dont work . where is my money ? give me back my money
my bow broke off after a couple of days . it is very cute but it isnt worth it at all .
it is a catchy tune , but its content is so lowlife i can't explain my wanting it . i can't figure it out .
i did not like this movie at all , it was a waste of money ! do not recommend to anyone ! sorry
hey dont rent or buy quitly is bad and not widescreen . cheaper to buy it on dvd then on here .
not useful at all . my mouse can't get any traction on it . i'm still using my old worn mouse pad .
this movie was so stupid , i wouldn't watch it with your eyes .
poor quality mostly water , would not buy this product again , don't recommend it al all , don't try it at all
i did not enjoy this movie . it was dark and ugly . i would be embaressed to recommend it to anyone .
the crosspiece cracked on first day of use , even though care was used to handle them properly . this was disappointing .
mostly just an advertisement , almost no functionality at all . waste of time .
this story was way too short . i was expecting this to be a book . i was very disappointed in it .
this may be cheap , and yeah it fits the acer lab top , but it dies with in months . very disappointing .
cartridges leaked as soon as i opened the package !
the quality is fine . the size is too small . should not be listed under women's or misses knee high socks .
they got used to it pretty quick and now they bark about as much as ever . it is a great disappointment .
book is good but its not in very good condition . looks like it came from a garage sale . falling apart
we have a pomeranian , he barks exactly the same with bark solver or without it . totally waste of money .
no good
this item was broken upon opening the box . the connection between the shelf and the stand was the broken part .
it's too difficult to know what other players are doing . it's like playing cards alone . solitaire is much more enjoyable !
except for hot guys what can i say . acting was eh . script was eh . overall i'd give it an eh .
it was too small for the phone
even at high , i feel nothing with my shirt off . doesnt really get relief from this but more frustated instead
the methodist cross pendant turned black after several wearings . after cleaning it did not return to it s original luster . a disappointment .
connection fits but does not work for both right and left earbuds . only one ear unless its held tightly together
the dvd was of no value i thought that it was not the product that one would of hoped for .
the price is too high , not available . the product is great if you could get it at a reasonable price .
had one at work that i worked very well . this one has not functioned properly and i am not satisfied .
stiff not what i was expecting
i expected it be a collection of her hit songs with her new voice , not the other stuff . so there !
it doesn't fit in a normal wall . it's very small . don't buy it . they should show real pictures of the product .
the pack only came with one in it ! sound like a great pack to me !
i could not get into this at all . unpleasant in some areas and uninteresting in others . just not for me .
these seeds didn't grow a thing . maybe i planted them at the wrong time but they didn't work for me .
not impressed
i couldnt even get through it ! and i am an avid reader . it was odd .
the acting i horrendous and so unbelievable . seas ns ? . episodes is plenty ! i wouldn't take them for free . please get real
kinda dumb , dont like it ! will remove this from my kindle ! i should read the reviews before i order games o
ok for beach reading . not much depth
thought these were smartphone headphones . but they have no microphone . who needs just earphones nowadays ? guess that's my mistake . oh well .
this app has been proven to be malware . it keylogs and shares phone number with third parties . do not download
i was not impressed with this book at all . took forever to finish . could not decide what the point was .
too slow shipping , not worth to wait . find another one .
if you like being nickel and dimed in order to keep playing , this game is for you ! microtransactions are ridiculous .
the device itself works just fine , but it has a very strong chemical smell to it that is almost nauseating .
didn't worked at all . usb plug seems too lose . tested on pcs and mac pro . not worth shipping back
i was disappointed . i finished the book during the second chapter .
it wouldnt give me a solid read on the thc portion . which is the whole reason i bought it . .
out of the box , this did not work . all i get are error messages . its going back . very disappointed
i got this app so i could watch my parents and it doesn't work in one inch of the house
really hard to use
it said that it was sopuse to get it and i havent so what happend ? ! not happy at all
wont cut butter
there are better beds with better price out there , keep looking you will get way better deals or try it
won't load on windows complete waste of money ! go ahead and refund it because i can not use it
i thought i had a very good imagination , but this story was way tooo far out and boring for me !
i had to laugh when i saw this one . i love queens , huh ? the symbol they use is a king . pathetic .
very disappointed not worth it . difficult to get into too short and i am just ' 'definitely not worth it .
i finished it be cause i started reading it .
constantly dropped the connection with the projector . basically unusable . this is not one i would ever suggest that you purchase .
after the nice review on charlie rose , i frankly don't understand as the book is really not very interesting .
it's nothing like the picture , it's too small and see through and it barley even looks like a crop top !
i have never purchased this ! this is a mistake . i don't even know who this is . your love never fails
i thought it was a game not a book , oh well , you win some you loose some bye bye bye
good accessory but it is listed for the wrong item . it doesnt fit or function for the galaxy tab .
it was too small for me , i am usually size x but it was smaller than expected . so sad haha
if i want the weather i don't want to be directed any where else . i just want the weather . period
battery received is not as advertised . will not charge , as it is the incorrect replacement battery for my laptop .
very poor audio . nothing like the originals
the music is bad , the film es very bad . warner is killer of batman leyends . puajj .
bought because beautiful wood lines renewable bamboo now mos later totally moldy leaning at degree angle and dangerous
the rubber pieces dont fit correctly .
they are small and several leaves branches were broken , also the leaves left attached have several spots on them .
get a small size
doesn't charge percent even do had been charged for hours not good . bad . dont buy it not satisfied maybe its fake .
what was i thinking ? the seeds were so small . one packet hardly seemed like enough and they never grew . whah !
this does not work correctly , image comes out to be , wouldn't recommend it . buy the startech one instead . b v tv o
why are the screens so small now ? so so lame . probably going to uninstall . wish i could undo the update .
if you don't mind the color not matching , then its an ok purchase .
absolutely terrible product , it didn't last three days . just used it twice . i guess you get what you pay for .
this item did not fit my phone , which was listed . not even worth the money to send back .
it was slow and the storyline was disjointed . i barely watched mins and couldn't take it anymore . i was disappointed .
quality of bib was cheap . fabric was rough and it arrived slightly damaged . did not give as gift as intended
this is so outdated it is a crime . you can get better information from the manual .
if anyone is buying this for xbox or something , microphone or any audio does not go through . waste of money .
this is a piece of junk . it was broken when it arrived . it was also poorly constructed . save your money .
just installed these days ago and they are already coming off . they are sliding off all of the chairs .
this game is hard and sucks if you don't know a thing you a 're stuck this thing is stupid
i was hoping for more information than this book contains look else where . very short read and very basic info
i couldn't get the damn thing to shut off without powering down my kindle fire hd . i'd rather stumble around .
false advertising !
this is very good book i like it kinda boring sister likes it and so do . i so yahoo that's it
it stopped working after a month . liked the cord and length but it ended up being a waste if money .
wasnt as good as i wanted
not pink its more transparent . i was hoping it was pink but does not look pink
sound is horrible and the headphones fell apart after the first use . do not buy this item
this book talks about the reality of crossing the border . it is very descriptive and i enjoyed it very much
this item only works as a unit not able to use wrist watch independently , not good for me . returned .
i'll give it a three star i really didn't understand the book and doesn't appreciate the bad words . 're a lly
after three days trying to get the app installed i just gave up and wiped it from my kindle fire .
arrived defective . not worth returning
it should be free who would wanna dress up mb like literally are u people serious ugh this world
it stopped working after a month . what a waste of money . i knew it was too cheap to be true .
the pc can not recognize the flash disk . it should restart the computer each time with the kingston disk inserted .
it is not the controller it shows it shows in the descriptiononly buy if you like xbox controllers
i wouldn't recommend using this for snowboarding . it is extremely thin , so i'll only be using it in the spring fall .
didn't like it . taste like rubber .
ok ! but it lost signal while i move walk , even rotate my head to certain position
this did not help me with my texas jurisprudence exam as i expected it would . waste of time and money !
terrible , dropped keys once logo fell off , and it scratches too easily . went with offcial key chain , much better quality .
the fan is making a loud noise when i turn on the laptop , it is not working at ll
very fast delivery , pretty beads . wrong beads , wrong size .
the product arrived much later than the appointed delivery date . amazon's customer service was extremely poor and totally unhelpful .
i was very disapointed . the bottles came in empty . only came with less than half of the bubble solution
this is shown as a pretty yellow , but it is neon yellow suitable as a crossing guard ! it is ugly .
this seemed very flimsy as it only attaches to one side of a double city mini stroller . so i returned it .
i had this delivered overnight and it worked fine for two months and then nothing waste of my money !
this case lasted about four months before it finally broke , the black edges tear from the fluttershy piece very easily
breaks very easy , and catches on everything ! it wasn't expensive but it's not worth the price don't waste your money !
this remote does not live up to the hype . i would not advise anyone to buy this .
plastic cheap faucet don't buy piece of crappie the spout hardly turns don't buy don't buy don't buy don't buy
installed on nexus , android . . opening app gives instant crash with amp you must escape has closed . amp uninstall reinstall with same result .
we bought this to quiet the noisy dog behind our house . we tried it several times , and dog still barks !
not very good for face shaving
distorted audio out , buzzing on recieve on i phone and lg . and are very good . very bad .
power pack does not connect properly . what more do i need to say . the item is defective . the end end .
i have bought several merrell shoes and they fit just time , these phoenix shoes were too big from the start .
it's cute but it's way to big ! i was expecting a xs but i feel like im wearing a large .
complicated around breasts . and back and straps uncomfortable . did not care for this item at all . it was not what i expected
too big dail unless you wrest is too big . it was not fit since dial was bigger than my wrest .
i'm not going to use them . they look cheap , like plastic not candles . even my husband did not like them .
i did not like the material of this dress , and i did not like how it looked on my body .
does not fit ipad mini retina ? it only fits the ipad mini first version . the description is misleading .
the paint was all chipped around the opening . the quality was so poor , i immediately sent it back .
couldn't get over the awful smell when you open the package . threw it all out
clip broke within days . not strong enough for big dogs when you attach leash and dog pulls clip brakes .
installed black first , and it would not work .
too stiff . even as a chewing adult this ball is too big for my corgi .
i cant even get the blond ezel at all this booster suck i wish i still have my money back
compared this app to the on line website and saw many adds were left out . removing it from my device .
this record is ok , but check out their debut record magical mystery sexbus , it's the bomb !
will be returning . also causes dreaded cone shape . i would not recommend this purchase to any women with large breasts .
sounds boyish . maybe when this singer fully mature's , so will his music . didn't like the sound at all .
interesting story and a nice quick read , but i found the dom sub behaviour rather soooo irritating and the woman silly .
does not work , don't like the smell , and also over dries your skin , then stains the soap dish don't like
it wasn't listed as described
very poor quality . it broke within the first three weeks that i had it .
no me gusta en nada lo menos que habla es del cielo
item was listed as ' , but was only . incorrect listing cost my customer a lot of time money .
doesn't work very well
received battery and it was dead . i charged it . still dead . i cleaned the contacts , which seemed dirty . still dead .
after time battery change , this item doesn't work anymore . i hate it . i need working item not like this one .
didn't do anything .
was a gift .
it broke after two weeks and took forever to charge my phone . also did not work on my kindle either
does not bounce , very soft plastic , kids hated them and would not play with them . would not buy again
looked amazing for two days , then peeled off . i don't recommend this product . also its not black , its blue .
this item does not fit great , the holes are not pre cut leaks can spill through where you cut out for anchors
over priced . tiny . cannot come up with words that describe how disappointed i am . rip off . really disappointed . sad .
junk . did not work , had to return it immediately ! i took it out the box , powered it up and nothing .
liquid is way to thin and does not cover well
great price but these bones were smaller than expected . not worth giving just one as a treat to my dogs
the hose attachment didn't work , it looked like it was a return from a previous shipment . pretty disappointing .
lasted maybe a week .
this product cuts offyour circulation . it has no redeeming value . it is a ripoff . it does not work as advertised .
would love to rate it as a five but it wouldn't install . i tried times . glad it was free .
weak argument , bad soundtrack , very low budget , actors are good but their talent is waisted , kind of boring some times
it pendant is not like the picture and the stone is broken . i want to return it , but i cant .
the bed tent did not fit the twin bed neither lengthwise or width . no satisfied with my purchase at all .
free to download , but you have to buy stuff to play the game . i took it off my kindle after
sorry , these were sent back and we then purchased wolverine's . nice looking , sturdy boot just didn't fit well at all .
thought the plot too contrived to be believable , thus i didn't really care what happened to the characters . not recommended .
absolutely not good , hard to put on , did not last more than week , arm bands too tight , sides tore
thought this would be a fitting sequel to the team of rivals , but was so wrong . wordy , repetitious , overly dramatic .
bought this book for my daughter because she loved the author's other book . did not enjoy stories at all .
a whole lot smaller set than what it seems . very tiny items . worth the low price though i guess .
did not work for my android samsung tablet device . i still cannot do voice or video through my yahoo messenger
not interesting i want tne book i misplaced life among the hunzas or something it has recipes for chapati bread
what a waste of time ! can't believe chris carter signed off on this pos pilot ! was so painful to watch !
the smell is so bad . smells like new garden hose , but never goes away . smell is sickening . kid wont wear it .
creates unwanted links to web adsnot easy to playawkward controlthere are better versions thar are also freetry other versions
these glasses made me look like a bug and the bridge between the two lenses was far too spaced . disappointed !
the were idea for my kitchen table , but would not hold up too cheap
didn't mean to buy this . i'm actually embarrassed that we have it . we meant to get the tao of pooh .
cover keeps the phone from being able to find service .
very boring dont bother wasting your time with this movie .
. that this guy can get away with this stuff . maybe we'd be better off with stricter libel laws , like the uk .
ties me up for long periods of time . too much waiting . wont be able to play much . . too much time wssted .
it's difficult to use touch screen when in the case . the plastic moves and slides when you use your fingers .
it is actually a knock off . doesn't actually say cellto . it says gpl instead . color ifs a bit diff from picture .
i would not suggest buying this sketch book because it is very ugly and the paper is really sucky tbh
he barely sniffed at them . they quickly fell to the bottom of the kitty toy box . we can't recommend them .
to flimsey looks cheap it was not what i expected i dont think it would protect my phone at all
bought two and neither one puts the ipad to sleep . not at all happy with it . not as advertised .
not much of a story just kinky cruel sex . gross subject matter . evil subject and no story plot just sex .
don't spend your money on this women branded product . you're just as well off with any less expensive cla product .
not enough sound .
there is no fly hole . who in there right mind creates boxers without flys ? are these boxers meant for women ?
i ordered bigger than what the chart recommended and it was way too small . waste of my money . elizabeth barnes
too little information . should not be called a book . a quick read but very disappointing to me . needs more meat
after a month or two of using failed . just bad . nothing is working properly . stay away from this product .
couldn't even finish the job as it breaks and bend so easy ! weak material , terrible . wouldn't recommend it to anyone !
this product is damage , when i recived has a great expectative , but when i used . didin't workedbad bad bad
i hope they have a wide size cause its always too narrow for me !
could not even finish this . terrible almost an insult to your intelligence .
you can find all the same info free on the internet . alot of the information repeats itself in every chapter .
i thought that it would have more strategies for teachers . it was informative , but not as detailed as i thought .
case arrived broken with top of the back case snapped off . reminds me of hobby tron with their broken product's .
another non thrilling chapter in the sage a chevy chase is a . too bad too bad too bad too bad
product ok but does not work for my needs . have to try another type that will work . hopefully i will .
it's not written very well . you know , the mind of a scientist or physicist . i would not recommend this book
depressing
have never received this item emails are not answered no information available from this company !
did not do a thing it was supposed to .
all three cables pulled apart where the cord connects to the lightning pin within weeks . what a dissapointment . garbage !
have attempted numerous times to download and it crashes my device every time . will not try for a fourth time .
falling apart after months
this book seemed out of sequence . when i noticed that it backtracked in storyline , i almost didn't finish the book .
nice case love the design only down side is sometimes it separates and phone falls out .
it takes a very long time to get in it didn't let me until a month until i had it ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
it didn't even charge my phone that was a waste of waiting and money ! all i wanted was a long charger
i am disappointed becausenow the flavor was not same as years ago . i hope to make better in future .
jennifer beal was beautiful as always , this was a b movie but entertaining . yes buy it .
this was not worth the money , but i hope the money went to something good ! didn't stick to the phone .
i found this canned pumpkin kind of bland and it needs extra spices to boost the flavor of it .
it says black , but it is clearly brown .
this was bulky , bumpy , shaped weird . it just did not work . i do not recommend this product . returning right away !
terrible product i eventually threw them away !
it's been about a week tops , and you still haven't sent out my pants . i want my money back .
missing piece was broken off of the cover so not able to use and not worth returning it back !
the strap is already cracking after a week of use . the cover is nice , but it just isn't well made .
didn't suppress my appetite , it didn't boost my energy level as caffeine does . i wouldn't recommend it to any one .
its not properly closing after phone is placed . on picture its looking good but its not . highly disappointed with this
not sturdy or well built at all save your money , very cheap plastic base that supports the legs . not recommended .
hung up had to reboot . don't bother with thisnever got to see what the games werepiece of crap !
couldnt use the mittens at all . the hat is nice , but i should have got a larger size i believe .
didn't fit the chair
couldn't ever get any of the air bubbles out , with a squeegee , credit card , etc . etc . don't waste your money .
cheap and thin , returned the item
did not work for me . two hours after taking one pill , my face got red and no effects at all .
she's repeating herself . then everyone cries at the end . not her best work , which is of course very good indeed .
cheap construction . i dont like and i dont recomend at all .
very angry i was in a hurry and downloaded this album . it is not bob seager . what a joke
used it twice . with a toddler these will tip over a lot and they leak significantly when that happens .
never worked with go pro . i wouldn't buy it again or reccomend .
the only thing even remotely kool about this recording is the cover !
the edwardian conventions were tolerable , but there were too many characters doing obviously stupid things . the resulting plot was unbelievable
it really didn't have much of a story . without being a male chauvinist , i think it is a female book .
the notches on the back of the case don't line up with the notches on the phone . don't buy it .
. that we may be here for no reason whatsoever ?
just an intro to a speed reading course . don't bother picking it up , it's a waste of time . word word
i cannot stand to look at this red book ! the drawings are amazing , but it hurts ! dumb move morons
please do not buy this poor quality dvd . you will be wasting your time and money .
my baby doesn't have much interest in this toy . maybe he will later , he is almost months now .
this movie was very disappointing . unfortunate for two wonderful actors .
no llego cuando lo necesitaba , lost my order was my girls present for christmasmanny problems for that so enojada
i thought this book was very very well written . however the female lead just seemed too , emotional , most the time
just could not get into this movie . eject after min . actually without divine , i just don't like waters movies .
much like many other reviewers have said , the flat tamper came off mine in days . don't bother buying it .
works well but it has a crack after about weeks of use . can't complain much for but .
don't listen to this crap , get as i lay dying , real talent there .
items were defective . sealed edge pulled out the first time opened . returned for full refund but i would not recommend .
eh
very cheaply made . certainly doesn't look as cute as the picture . it was a mistake purchasing this item . l too bad .
sorry , the item didn't work . i returned yesterday . i am sorry it didn't work , could have really used it .
dated and dull this book exemplifies everything that is wrong with textbooks on art education . would not recommend buying .
got the dress and it was at least sizes too small and it did not look even . just sub quality .
it does not work ! ' help
i'm no prude or i wouldn't have ordered this but it is just too obscene to be funny .
not great at all . the file part peels off . i bought for a bridal shower gift , wish i had not .
i didn't like these because they open way too far . too hard to use one handed .
deader than a door nail . there are many cheaper options here so look around .
i would not recommend buying this item item rust easily it is not made of stainless steel not recommended , h
the tv is telling me to replace the projection lamp . that doesn't say much for the quality of your products .
will not or cannot install on kindle fire . i freed up most of the memory still can't install . the end .
i bought bottles of this and sadly i didnt lose any pounds . waste of money ! i dont recommend this !
poor acting stands out the most . you could tell what the writer was going for , but more practice is required .
lots of color photos but not a lot of great information . buy rick steve's instead and you will be happy !
not great not bad , didn't feel like loosing any weight . i'm not repurchasing it
color is not good
this plant did not flourish at all . it struggled to stay alive . i personally would not buy it ever again .
this book is a random assortment of actions strung together with the barest of ridiculous character motivations . not worth it .
save your money , doesn't work !
they did not hold up will , my hands were wet and cold . the palm grips were very cheap fell apart .
this thing does not work ! don't get it ! not even worth returning since it's only bucks . probably made in china !
it just jiggles abn shakes and does absolutely nothing . it is not a massage , any massage should be knidding balls !
it did not result in any improvement in my condition and kept slipping down my leg , rendering itself essentially useless .
very flimsey , arrived broken in box . packing box not damaged . returned for a refund and bought canon's . learned a lesson .
the product was not what it appear to beabsolutely not usable . how can i return it
i be happy to review this product when i finally get it ! coming up to two months and waiting !
it was ok , i thought it would have more than what it showed . mostly an advertisement book , so it's ok
look great . aren't comfortable . no lumbar .
company did not send instructions . seats did not seem to fit . overall a negative experience .
use caution with this app . anyone can talk to your child . we had some suspicious chatting with an unknown person
the book started off interesting and then i thought got weird . lost interest in the story . hard to finish it
note this bag is listed as a lb bag but is actually a lb bag !
very bad acting , unreal scenario already seen again and again . save your money and time and try something else .
this is not toby keith's version but someone else doing it wish i had known would not have bought it .
headline what head linereally was so bad i only played it about ten minutes . i guess the franchise is dead
minimal stretch . don't waste money on these , go for the kind that can actually stretch .
i got the wrong case sent to me . and the color is a bit more gray than in the picture .
these just look so fake and horrible . worse than flowers you could find at a dollar store . not worth it .
no the best game i have played . no vegas style option . mediocre ,
very difficult to make sounds . grandson is very disappointed . i'm sorry but i would not recommend this toy trumpet .
the cover is cheap and the decal on the back looks horrible and smeared . i do not recommend this product .
my iphone stopped working after replacing the screen . crappy itemi had to spend bucks to fix it again
it wasn't too exciting , i prefer more of a novel type book than very short mini stories . not worth buying
so far i do not care for the app . although i do enjoy pintrest , so i hope you fix it !
i would say your chances of not winning are still enormous . also don't expect to get a formular or method .
loved this watch but after only months of wear worn everyday the band is coming off .
case was broken when received . was not pleased with this product . might order more at a later date . thank you so much .
terrible reception especially fm . am is ok if you hang it in the right direction . fogless mirror is so so .
it broke in about minutes just being in my pocket . don't buy this do not buy this item ! k
it flimpsy and you have trouble conecting and recieving calls . really not what i expected . quality is very poor . rejected !
this is a flimsy piece of junk . do not waste money on it .
keep away from this purchase . poorly made ! the fit to cable broke while trying to install .
supersmile whitening prerinse had horrible taste . normal peroxide flavor was flat stale . product was very near expiration date . could not be used .
ok chamois , does streak windows
nice coffee maker . so exited when i received it . to bad it didn't turn on . what a disappointment . went back .
my daughter usually loves eating nutella , but these were old and tasted disgusting . what a waste ! will never buy again !
very flimsy
i am not impressed . agree with other reviews on this game . i wouldn't bother downloading it . better games out there
these panties looked good but just kept riding up yuck ! they must be seconds or something , i had to return them .
battery does not lat very long .
i ordered the rd dvd and i got the st . so i wasn't too happy
i hate this headset . it doesnt fit right on my ear and the mic doesnt recognize my voice a lot
not well made and not worth the price , junk , tried on striped bass it had a hard time with scales
the instructions for programming don't match my car . i will have to pay to have someone program it for me .
seriously disappointed that none of the photos art show up on the kindle version . wish i had not spent the money .
hands down , worst movie i have ever seen from the premise to the script to the bad zombie hair dye jobs .
the smell of perfume was not the best , almost no one liked it and i took some selling . not recommended never
it never came !
this app is horrible . it never downloaded anything . it just waited and froze . i would not recommend it at all .
only had the gun to weeks and it's already not working . don't waste your money !
way to small not even close to a us m
review deleted as these were not the exact boots i purchased . i did not have the steel toe or zippers .
this is a long list of acronyms , some of which accurately reflect cultural values of the s .
when we saw pack and thought it meant you would get coolers not six pack cooler . b
i have a kindle fire and it did not work for that even though it said it would . returned it
u only us cards i thought u played the people u don't even use the people who would play this
does not fit my eos rebel xti as advertised . will return product and look at other area amazon or local retailer .
the lid did not fit right so it just leaked all over the place . poor quality control . i feel cheated .
save your money . this product isuseless . tool for months withoutany change . would not recommendto any one
if you live anywhere with allot of sun or light it is almost impossible to see your phone . very frustrating .
it does not seem so good if you play it . but their are enough weapons to defeat the dark side
they were too small and very thin material . they look comfy and cozy in picture but in person look cheap .
very pretty but did not wash well , very puffy squares not so puffy after washing , bunched up squares now
pretty good
they don't make harley boots like they used to . the fit was too small and they were not very comfortable .
the zipper keeps breaking , i have tried to fix it over and over again . nothing worked ! this can be refunded
great but no pockets and bigger n baggier than i thought . other than that it's alright , good material . want pockets .
had a hard time with this game installing and trying to get it to work , will return if possible today .
case was too big for phone . disappointed
hold s only a bid .
cracks easy
just purchased ! they need to remove this app from the store i just bought it and it refuses to download !
it was pretty shoddy work . the fur was falling off . you can see the glue . i can't keep it .
tastes horrible !
wasn't suited for my purpose .
they are the worst not as advertised . and i have to return them and pay postage ! ridiculous ridiculous
this does not work . did everything that i was supposed to and nothing . so disappointed . why doesn't it work any suggestions ?
it reminded me of vance packard's hidden persuaders , dull and long . so long , in fact , i didn't finish it . redundant , too
could not regulate the temperature , it went up to degrees , way too hot to put hands in . sent back
this color isn't what the photo looks like . can't really say anything else about this one . just wasn't for me .
would have been fine if the tape had not broke . not sure whos fault my machine or the movie itself
very cute and protective , but the pattern started rubbing off within a week !
applied it as instructed on package and after times wearing the shoes the soles came loose . it didn't work .
really big and bulky . didn't rely cool down my laptop better than any other brand of fan .
order few days ago and still no tracking numberplease ship the item rightawayplease provide a tracking number asap
hideous ! these were cheap and ugly . i immediately returned them and got a refund . they do not look like picture .
keyboard 's letters are backward . good price bad cover . would appreciate another one that works this one has me crosseyed . thanx
could not understand how to the game . direction were not ease to follow . bingo summer splash also advance games of bingo .
round strip okbut for the orange peel doesn't worki prefer the greenlee cut and stays in the orange peel .
they go nuts over the wellness dry food but they won't go anywhere near this stuff , which is quite odd .
terrible first package was not deliver on time second the cover already broke funny cause i only used time .
this mug is the shape i wanted but don't buy ! it fell part just a couple of days after arrival !
these shoes were never worn by me , but they were not the quality i was expecting , so i returned them .
the shoe is not true size as it is too narrow . why do you not make these in wide widths ! ? !
very poor design . any baby or dog that leans against itwill knock it over . i returned the one i bought .
creepy puppets spewing the f bomb and stupid comedy about sex .
peels off completely within a week of application . wish it lasted longer . will keep using it for antibacterial purposes , though .
it was good but not waterproof as it said and three bolts did not go in
there is no story to it , just objects floating around . very easy . good for kids or mindless finding of objects .
this thing doesn't work . i've tried and tried but it will not charge my phone . waste of money . don't buy .
cute picttures , ok story for age or under . it was a quick read and the pictures were cute too
the actual battery is not satisfactory . the life of the battery has been short lived . would never buy another one .
too big . i had to give to someone else .
color is not very dark and fades in less than a week . better off to stick with a professional stylist .
i've been an mac fan for years and this is the worst piece of software they've delievered .
these do not fit well in ears and have the worst sound quality of any earbuds i have ever owned .
bent when i got them . amazon took care of everything . amazon really gets the job done .
pretty pictures but poor selection without purchase . not very challenging . i have had better , with more imagination and smoother movement .
would not suggest the purchase of this item . cheap and broke quickly . very sad daughter since was he xmas gift .
not good pop off . uncomfortable .
this is definitely some of her older work re issued . try some of her new work .
always falls off would never stick to wall returning was to big of headache so it ended up in trash
never opened until yesterday and it skips and skipspoor quality recordingskipsstopshave to change tracks manuallydisappointed
they havve not made a good album in years .
crap . not worth the bucks i paid . doesn't even fit phone correctly bent and misshapen .
i was very disappointed . she sounds very very tired .
no moveable elbows . this entire series sucks because they all don't have moveable elbows .
the product that i received was not the same as the picture that is posted online . this is false advertisement .
after too much trouble of filling in ices and water , it still acted like a regular fan . i just returned it .
reimbursed as the hose blew up after a couple uses
picture shows a class , i received a class gb micro sd card . i am now returning the card .
the free sample is only one page ! can't tell the quality of the etext rendering . that's the problem with it .
the description said it was long but it was really only , which is too small for my use .
was boring . had too many partial examples and no instructions on how to reach the goal . didn't even finsh it .
is still to high ! down further before i think that anyone should buy it ! this is highway robbery !
did not work for my unit . fan was too weak to move the arm that released the spray .
this didn't work at all for me and made me really sticky . it feels like glue and smells so bad .
cheap plastic and cracks easily cool design but still . not good quality and does not fit on phone terribly made
definitely weighted and they claimed the box was new but wasn't factory sealed . packs , rares and that's it .
beware , this is not a maxwell house product as stated in the description , but gevalia . disappointing to say the least .
yawn ! not worth it , interesting the first pages or so but then extremely boring and around in circle talking
not very impressed with this story but entertaining reading non the less if you don't have anything else to read
i hate it
item not as described it dose not cut sim cards for i phone all description is wrong . .
don't need or want was put on by grandson for his mom . good luck to anyone that can use it . was deleted
felt like i went from blue lagoon to shangrila and back again to the real world . too many story lines . confusing . and boring
they sent the wrong cable i ordered an e sata and they sent a sata cable .
priced to high for quantity .
don't waste your time . the book is boring , slow , repetitive , and shallow . it was a stuggle to get through it .
i thought i was about to read a book of short stories but this book wasn't what i bargained for
somehow this app gets all the news wrong ! tried to uninstall and reinstall but its the same made up bs
really small . didn't expected full coverage but this item will be returned . i wouldn't feel comfortable wearing it in public .
i couldn't even finish this book . it is so formulaic , dull and predictable . don't get taken in by the cover .
no good
very cheaply made ! the colors aren't as they seem in pic . i wouldnt suggest for galaxy phone at all .
very disappointed ! frame is corroded and dull in less than months . makes a new car look old and dirty , look elsewhere . complete junk .
not for kids or older people who have trouble understanding how it works could cost real money . and i know .
did not keep me interested and just wasn't my style of reading . needed alittle more action or mystery to it
it is a beautiful shoe , but the heel slips off . i tried various shoe pads and nothing worked . returning them .
its junk don't work the worst item i ever bought in my life so i bought a shark love it
does not look like the picture and i just wanted to take out the buttons . can't it's all one piece .
not up to par with her other books . found this book difficult to finish . would recommend mallory rush other books .
i read this scandalous book years ago in school and re read it this summer . it is still boring and bad .
poorly made . feels cheap and flimsy . do not buy . not worth it . don't waste your money . looking for a refund
does not work as well as nasalcrom .
can't play it . it's for region . that wasn't mentioned in the description when i ordered it . big , big bummer !
did not add thickness to my hair , in fact felt flat . would not purchase again .
the glasses are heavy and the nose piece is way too big for a small lady . i gave them away .
not similar to what they give at photojojo . they are different bt give ok results . photojojo is best . these are ok
would've beenbetter if there was a size listed , they were a little too big for my twelve year old daughter
cannot play it unless you are on facebook , how very social of the antisocial birds ! insisting that you make friends
we didn't even finish one dinosaur before we ran out of paint . such a disappointment to two little boys .
didn't work on my phone
received the product with broken cups and broken saucers . very disappointed it came all smashed up !
product shipped was not as advertised . rather , it was a generic version that did not work .
if you order the small , you better be an a cup , or else you're going to have to alter this .
same old same old on this model . months at best . buy a skil or something with detachable rechargeable batteries .
didn't understand and had ordered by mistake and didn't like it . don't order it , unless you like a large challenge .
i have used this for several weeks and it is no longer working . i would not waste my money again .
poor construction quality . the wood used is very thin and came apart at the corner exposing the poor build quality .
this is not seasons , it is only . do not buy unless you only want !
lasted months before trying to adjust it and snapped the back plate off . cheap plastic . wished it lasted longer
i was ordering from bath and body works and saw this little purses . expected them to be bigger and nicer .
broke really easy
had to return because material is too shear for serious sun protection , too bad , it is a pretty shirt not recommended
way to much trouble to put on the phone . bought this for my husband and it was a complete waste .
how does the box set look for this season ? is it a regular dvd box ? or is it thin cases ?
these are the worst . they are weirdly long , yet provide little protection from side leaks . i'll never get them again
i can sum this book up in one sentence . very slow , very dull , couldn't finish it .
low heel support , rubs against the top of the heels .
nice shorts , looked great , seem to be made well , but sized way too small , will need to return if possible .
this trimmer is poorly configured and doesn't work well on men's hair . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it's a disgrace . i'm amazed it's been published . totally evil and abusive . cuddle your kids instead .
poorly engineered and constructed . very dangerous for elder use .
very disappointed . hard to use and way to small . i would buy more if they were inches .
wasn't the real book it was a comic i wouldn't of rated it but i had to horrible don't buy .
this item was just ok for me . it did not really meet my expectations but i chose to keep it .
this served its purpose , but we really had to reinforce the crook . it's very flimsy .
just not good . the idea is ok but not well executed .
not cracked up to what it is supose to do ! i was very disappointed !
it fits pretty tight . i like how it gives me a little lift . however , it's a little uncomfortable . i hardly wear it
completely unreliable and inaccurate . it is a bad choice , total wast of money , i will never recommend it for anybody .
i got pink shirt , not even close to be red tottaly pink , and the medium is too large .
this thing is in search of more than a director it needs a story line . an ending would help too .
you play for a day then you can't play any more without buying things for dollars . ripoff and agravating
unbelievably hard to watch .
there were no instructions in with this item . it's on the shelf now , not using it ! what do you suggest ?
i wanted blue not white . not happy , item i received was i good condition but i'm not happy with white .
shitty
i personally think this game is really hard , i can't even finish one puzzle at all , add directions please ! emma
bought these locally . used two of them . neither one got cold . returned others
they didn't last a week before one of them started pealing off . i do not recommend these for your tub .
it is cheap compared to the other rackets . after playing for few time it is broken at the handle . dissapointed
the guard is very cute , however , it does notstay on the spout and it attracts the child over to it .
simply put boring . horrible horrible movie .
door hard for cats to get in side clips to hold lid on break off easily . does not reduce smell
it doesn't make fine milling .
worked ok first few days , has short range . then something came loose inside and it will not pump or shoot .
it came broken ! the box had obviously been dropped which one could easily see by looking at it . oh well .
not what i expected .
i had to return this product because it didn't work right out of the box .
still trying to figure out why this does not support amazon cloud music . it has vevo and pandora . anyone ? anyone ?
anyone who romanticizes the most vicious , bloodiest killer in american history is insane , just like bill anderson .
the shirt was nice but it runs very small . would recommend going up at least one if not two sizes
fit is a little big for my ipad was told it would fit my ipad air and it doesn't
this game is not compatible with my samsung s phone . please fix it and i will give you stars
book arrived within week of ordering . book was brand new and received as such .
claims to be for the samsung galaxy sii . did not fit the phone . pretty but cheap quality and did not fit
my husband watched it and said it was not very good . he didn't even finish it . would not recommend it .
this hat is just too big for my e year old .
nice
there was no real drama . the protagonist never seemed to be tested . there was only upside to magic , no downside .
it looks nice ond feels good , but it twerls around and around and my liitle cousin pulled it off easily .
fell apart , didn't protect ipad at all from ' drop . save your money
the silicone is very flimsy and break really easily but i do love the pouch that it came in . i
if this is supposed to be a serious attempt at writing , rather stop now . utter nonsense . rather read a comic
the magnets fell out of the tsp . i'm pretty sore about it . it's been less than a year too .
i am disappointed with the watches , i adjusted the time , after a while , they are not accurate . i bought , they are both wasted . so disappointed !
i could not get into this book for some reason . i got almost half way through and finally gave up .
the old spice classic that i remember smells good this classic does not . i am not happy with this product .
it completely broke after just week of use ! completely broke apart ! don't buy
not happy . size chart . wrong !
it is such a bad phone . i dont recommend it to anyone . save your self the agrevation dont get it .
it was not rubberized and it was very flimsy . i would not recommend this don't waste your time and money !
our book club considered this book trashy yet everyone finished it . very light , soapbox type reading . don't waste your time .
doesn't work
i think apps with these outrageous prices must be some kind of scams ! should be able to give negative stars !
would recommend book to someone with little rti experience . redundantmaterial of what i knew . handy forms for documenting child's progress .
head broke within a week . very limp and not sturdy for having a suction cup at the end of it .
this book sucked . no conclusion , no endings only more beginnings . after pages one feels there should be some finality
i personally did not like this book and would not recommend it to anyone . it was not what i expected .
a very basic guide . only useful to beginners with zero experience with moodle . too basic for others .
stupid and dumb . you only get levels then you have to buy to rest of the levels not fun .
rented it through hdtv wifi . constant buffering and loading . never did watch it . rental fail . will rent dvd next time .
wasn't , t what i thought
very unfriendly to put on . bubbles everywhere . don't lift if you need to reset it . just plain horribe product .
it's just cheap plastic which i had expected it to be . it looks cool and is great for just that .
not helpful . returned . skinny book with basic obvious info .
stupidest film ever made this is trash . sorry but thought it was lame and not enough romance for me . d
do not buy slendertone garbage period . it's worthless and this is after months of use on a fit body .
very disappointing
they should say that you need also the power adapter . now i don't know where to get one . sad . jmg
it didn't . seem to have anything to to w john john kennedy if it did i totally somehow missed it very confusing
one had an eye infection and the other got it . had to get antibiotic and take them to a clinic
doesn't lay well , easily becomes a trip hazard . nice size and pattern , would be good for camping or beach use .
very hard to use
music is too soft . barely can hear the melody . nevertheless a deal for the price . w w w w w
broken into three pieceswhat else is there to say ? brokenbustedno longer in a single piecebeing returned
it wasn't as luxurious as expected .
hmmmm . tell me , why i would spend . for this product when i can purchase all seperately for . ?
i thought the item was too small . otherwise it was ok . the description needs to be more accurate . thank you .
this was pretty much a waste . it did nothing for me . save your money . it's not worth it at all .
i called this book , race within the clergy , because this book shows that even clergy is prejudice against different races .
the case broke in days . the case broke by the volume buttons after light use . case is cute though .
i dont like that it keeps the same bonus no matter how much money you have and gets boring quickly .
difficult to use . i used to have an accu tape , which i loved . it was so much easier than this thing .
cheap construction in feel and function . sent it back immediately . fit was ok , but that was its only good quality .
it was too simple for the child i bought it for . maybe for a younger child it would be appropriate
this punch is very hard to punch out . the paper kept getting stuck and i finally just threw it out .
the pegs are too short for towels .
i bought this card for its mac support to find out that the company will not be making leopard drivers .
please don't buy this cd , it's illegal , it has nothing to do with aimee .
used once then tossed them all . that's what i get for buying cheap . at least i didn't spend too much
i can sum up this book in two words drink water . it is also laid out in a cumbersome manner
doesnt like new windows , format is too constrictive it is not worth the price i paid for it forty dollars
its nice case other it doesn't even fit on the phone all the way . kind of disapointed with this case .
came in a bag with no instructions and no connections . material is not quality
this machine broke after weeks !
chinese trash
light bulbs were broken when delivered . got money back . invested in a mushroom farm .
very dated and thematically inept . must be one of her earlier works . characters are immature and interacting in stilted situations .
the effect of absolutely nothing . don't think these have any actual kava kava in them . very disappointed .
the actual hub caps look different than the picture . the picture is misleading . please correct the picture . it is wrong
horrible product . it messed up my battery on my phone and now it doesn't hold it's charge verry long
watching this movie made me loose faith in humanity . not even close to soft core porn . the music was cheesy .
doesnt work itkinks out all the time . it doesnt connect right away you have to bend it or turn it
rubbish
way to complicated . besides , no documentation . you have a lot top learn about marketing a product like that . norm brubeck
i ordered this dress per month infant , but it ir good for my month old girl . i am upset
ipad mini holder part doesn't grip well .
terrible . spend the extra money for better quality . trust me , after buying this product you'll realize what i'm talking about .
i used it almost every morning , and it only lasted two months before the top started to come undone
flag seems a little fragile .
look like crap
i got this thinking it will help with educating my grand daughter , i was wrong it's just a noise maker .
it makes them dance and sing and poop everywhere . it is a bad idea read it blah blah blah blah
hat was lop sided . the bill was not centered and too much fabric on top where it dented in . poorly made .
works really great when you are indoors but once you get outside you can hardly see your phone at all
broke a week later . and im not used any more . wasted money .
does not work . had to uninstalled it . needs the undated version . will try again at a later date .
was not about small container canning . was a nice book , but was misleading
i hate this game its so stupid get a life stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid
ordered size months . does not fit my mo old . would not recommend to anyone . cheap and poor quality .
wouldn't show up on my phone . sorry .
could not finish the movie , bad all around
delete this
worked for about seconds , then died .
too predictable by far . most of the actors could have mailed in their parts . the first one was much better .
app closes constantly . seems like a good game to play if it wouldn't close after every single scene . please fix
well this game i played on the computer i dont really think it is the same so ya kinda stupid
this is an unusual , rare documentary . somewhat interesting . i do not thing or worth to comment any more . thanks you
you move it slightly in the case and is changes the volume .
lights burned out in days , first the driver side , and then hours later the passenger side . the end
not much of what i thought it would be . just metal with a plastic covering , light and not durable , b
it tarnished quickly , cleaned poorly . after a month i threw it away . its a waste of money .
if you're trying to unlock a smartphone , this is not centainly helpful . it has info only for elemental basic nokia .
stubby is a wast of money . looks cool but cant get any reception .
it was in really bad condition with a lots of wrinkles .
very bad grammar . not a lot information . not really a book . not worth the money . reviewerg . m . austria
liked it very much , good read .
could not get this to work with our panasonic plasma tv and realistic receiver . just got a high pitched sound .
the pump was too big for me , i couldn't enjoy it is there a was too get a smaller one ?
all i can say i will never get those five minutes of my live back . so i uninsalled it . bye .
exactly what we needed to store the tree in an upright position . no more squashed trees for christmas , good deal .
constantly freezes and has to be unplugged to reset not the way i like my electronics to operate .
so i just got this package today . these fragrances are utterly awful . so awful they went immediately into the garbage .
i tried using my punch and what it punched doesn't look like a dog bone at all . . . .
this unit makes a high pitch noise when connected to power even before you switch it on , very annoying indeed
i cant even get passed the nickname screen . was really excited . glad i didn't pay for it . what a waste .
went on and on and nowhere ! thought it would have some content but just a lot of air . crummy plot too .
the decal should be spelled mummy . it's from a british tv show . you can get it spelled correctly for cheaper .
good watch , band kept popping off at watch , repaired it several times , never worked right , too bad nice looking though
i put them on and they tore right away . this is a large and i normally wear mediums in tights .
it is a terrible app . it does not show how to do the kind of art that they are advertising .
the game was boring . nothing was hidden . like whats the point in calling it hidden objects if everything is in plain sight .
i couldn't find any directions so i was unable to play . i uninstalled it the same day i downloaded it .
the straw material is poorly made and can easily be undone . i was pretty disappointed .
no mp , no usb , the name of the baddiest company lot of money for poor features , hate it !
only had it for two weeks and rubber coating is already scraping off . i would not reccommend buying this product .
boring . cheap . it makes no sense . skip this mess , its not worth the effort .
i tried this app to see if i could text differently . it did not work the way i expected . deleted .
hated it ! the taste was awful . i have bought other brands . i cannot imagine someone buying it a second time !
did not fit
failed to meet my expectations . purchased for shop use . probably would be ok in home environment .
i was very disappointed it seemed like karen did not write this book . i would not recommend this book to anytime
returned , it was missing a nob . i decided and ended up geting theearth therapeutics again , it is high quality .
i bought this for my kindle and don't have the needed controller the preview should make that known .
was not accepted by my brother printer for some reason . not sure why , price was right , but did not work .
boring
this man has single handedly destroyed not only the republican party but created our record deficits . a true traitor .
battery worked for a couple of months and then quit .
didnt work , the connection or wires were bad . if the phone moved at all it would stop charging . not good .
suitable only for kids . too high a price for the product whit very small ribbon and a plastic metal .
i used weeks nuttin happen i thought it wud clean me out never really had a big bm
still to expensive !
bad quality , broke within times of wearing . super cloudy as soon as i opened the package .
it doesn't fit inside most beer bottles , they are too big . that being said , it's kind of pointless . n n
very amateur attempt at vector art images . repeat images in all the series . not a value at all . stay away .
garbage , don't waste your money
it sucked to short i need it much longer i'm so disappointed . will never buy this product again horrible
extremely lose , hence hdmi cable doesn't stay in the the socket of this adapter tightly . basically it doest not work .
did not like hard to figure out and hard to read it works sometimes and other times it does not
to small .
the plot is so absurd it's practically a parody . mediocre in every way .
approach , which wasn't clear at first , was annoying until the end . had to return to beginning to remember the end .
i kept moving the fans but my laptop still ran hot . probably need more fans or will try another product .
they might be great if i could've make them fit . now i have to return them after buying them elsewhere
a very small book . it didn't have a lot of the restaurants we saw in sonoma county .
all u do is press a button ! and it talks to u about hell ! wtf is wrong with this app !
nice look to it . good idea . it wouldn't stay on my shetland sheepdog . she was able to get it off .
shot to unpeel . half of the cuts were not deep enough to seperate the backing from the adhesive . dissapointed
arrived right on time unfortunately the item was not operational . returning .
not what i thought , bad buy .
disappointed with purchase . the xlarge is too small , too tight and too short ! will be returning for a full refund .
campy and fun . better than anything danzig's done in the last years .
it sounds so great and feels ok . it broke in about days . thats common when buying skullcandys
too difficult for me to play
this did not work as planned . they did not hold anything easily onto the body . man , women have it rough .
the slippers are the right length but too wide , therefore they keep folding under . they are soft and look good .
it doesn't fit my phone . i have no use for it . it was a waste of money . i'm very annoyed .
this was something i tried out of curisoity . it was not fun or pleasantly stimulating . i do not recommend it .
nothin wrong with the spiller , but the unit still won't return to the reload position . still toying with it . darn
did not worka complete steal cheap cablenot recommendedjust a usb charger with no iconnect integrated . not recomended
not user friendly at all too hard for older people to use
the listed sizing chart was pretty useless . and i'm not very partial to the material used . the design was good .
i never got the book , it went into cyber space and i couldn't find it . still waiting for my refund .
you know the present somebody gave you at a gag party ? this can get them back .
the graphic for this nest looks nothing like it does in person . it is awful and for decoration purposes only .
the printed text rubs off the paper at the slightest touch . useless product . had to buy the dell toner cartridge .
belt clip very weak and cheap . do not buy .
this product didn't fit my kindle fire hd . the product is well made but of no use too me .
the voices are ridiculous and the narrator pretending to speak like a japanese is just stupid . very disappointed .
the package i received , it was not the same , on the picture shows three parts but i received two parts !
this book is not an interesting read , more like a revision of a phd thesis . i liked the pictures .
it doesn't look like the picture at all its small and the apps doesn't work . it's a waste of money
although i think his sitcom on fx is inventive , i think his standup is predictable and just not that funny .
not good don't waist you money with it it didn't work with my strollervery near to the back seat
it's not up to the usual connelly standard . short stories are ok but not to the calibre of this writer .
draperies came in with flawed material and fabrication was shoddy . description was highly exaggerated and draperies came nowhere near claims .
i have worn these about times and there is a hole in one seam already . i'm not impressed .
i recive today and the bottle was broke from the tip . i dont pay for damage product . so im disappointed . no good . no good
my boss loves this product but i was disappointed . weird after taste . wouldn't buy it again . wouldn't buy it again .
just a copy of clash of clans ! i mean , you can just download coc from mobile app store . just a copy
would like to keep my shuffle charged . it arrived but did not work ! i was very disappointed ! do not buy .
it just wasn't captivating and neither was i interested in this movie . i thought it was wow , but it wasn't .
i never got the item so i give it no stars , technically . how can you rate what you don't have ?
this book is out of print . for a current take on legislative drafting , search amazon for isbn
i prefer traditional lotion after trying this spray on type .
i did not like this book at all . in fact i don't even know why it is featured . a joke .
expected to be able to watch fox news on my kindle , this doesn't do it . hopefully some day . this will happen
these are not microfiber . they are more like the felt . it is garbage . do not waste your money . never again .
completely useless . tried it on several pieces of silver jewelry with no cleaning at all . followed the directions exactly .
uber meta book about writing and authors including a postmodern droste mise en abme effect which caused me to sigh at times .
this game is extra stupid and not worth the money even if it was cheap . so boring . no thank you
it did not work . not worth the time to send back . try again . hope to have better luck on my next time around
impossible to connect through wifi a poor design and implementation it's cheap because it's worthless don't waste your time and money
sucks big time . no good for you , not good for your kids , sucks ! that's why its probably .
very frustrating . ran out before i could clean the whole deck and didn't work as well as i wanted it to .
no plot to this book . boring characters , story , ending . put me to sleep . had to force myself to finish it .
this mobile plays for two minutes . enough said .
this method of selling the follow on book stinks on ice . shame on you , patterson . what , you short a few bucks ?
i was expecting it to be a little louder ! if you put your fingers over it you can't hear it .
this really is not very good . it is only worth watching because one has seen all his others times .
unfortunately , this item doesn't work . i'm sure it was just the one i got but my son was very disappointed
not great .
i couldn't get it to shave close enough on the first try . i guess you get what you pay for .
doesn't always work when you hit it . unreliablei would not recommend this product . made of cheap plastic and not durable .
the comedians were boring and didn't perform to the audience , they did not connect with anything current . boring , boring , boring
read this to hear the insulting opinions of glenn beck .
those are not so good as i thought first
this game stinks for one reason its short and dumb . i really think you guy should never get this app
i have a t mobile samsung exhibit g and this cover was wrong anf didnt fit ! not satisfied . cute case tho .
dvd did not work and was a gift to someone out of state therefore was never able to return it .
this is almost impossible to open and close
waste of money . shop around there are way better towels out there at way better prices . no bang for buck
the instructions can use some work .
cord to short pulls off the window sill when you plug into socket would not buy again . would not recommend
huge pieces of floss . not good for little teeth .
this game is a complete waste of time , overhead view makes it hard to figure out what is going on .
find for the kids to draw on , but it's not accurate . the squares are about mm , they are not cm .
the think did not let me get it so that gave me the idea to rate it so see yu
this is some sort of re make , not the original recording is that really peter noone and herman's hermits ?
i need it return ! it is not my size and i dont need it showing up to my house
the large is a little too small . i have a lot of junk in my trunk . lol
incredibly dull . poorly developed story line . unrealistic relationship parameters . a comedy that didn't inspire a single chuckle . so so wack .
send a sample to your kindle device for free and see for yourself how poorly done this kindle publication is .
this is fine for my waxing needs and is just plain muslim . nothing more to say than that .
there didn't seem to be much point to this story . the story wandered and it was not well pulled together .
the cover came off after one day of usage . and it now drains my battery . i don't recommend this item .
broke the very first day it came . charged for about minutes then feel apart . do not buy this product .
i purchased these earphones as a christmas gift for my daughter . two days after christmas , the left earphone stopped working .
nice and handy , too slow to fill the air especially when you want comfortable firmness .
classic thesis . highly repetitive , lots of time spent proving the validity of the research w o adding information about the religion .
this did not work at all when i received it . total waste of money . too much hassle to return it .
this movie goes from dumb , to dumber , and finishes with dumbest .
its small and notthing fancy . i could have gotten the same thing at the sote .
i uninstalled the game . install it back . all my data is gone . boo i just got into a legion . overall good .
the case came scratched ! and the sunglasses was broken ! i cant beleive it , first time this things happens to me !
tells common knowledge shoulds with no how information . worthless . a waste of time and money even when obtained without cost .
it wouldnt work in my keurig i opened it and put it in coffee pot filter is was very syrong
its ok but the volume didn't work and there is no bass
bought the cable , plugged my iphone in , unfortunately the cable doesn't work . sadly i won't be buying this brand again .
worked fine last year . put it in now nada . should have lasted more than one season .
would not install on different windows computers . no drivers on windows xp cd nor internet . possible fishing lure !
on day the ball broke ! dosent work at all ! dont even think about buying it dont waste your money !
i was very disappointed . very uncomfortable and has a hard feeling . also very narrow . don't recommend if u have wide feet . will be hurting !
disappointed . i thought it was a big wall poster size photo . don't remember listing size , somaybe its my fault for not reading . oops
this is the same as the first nothing new blah blah blah .
this is a book for year girls !
the back of this case gets dirty quickly and makes the phone appear damaged or dirty . try a different case !
it's a little flimsy . probably wouldn't recommend for an electric or heavier guitar . it doesn't sit too well on carpet .
it arrived in pieces ! it is a poorly made product , don't get fooled and most importantly don't waste your money .
i misunderstood the description i guess . gave it to a friend who now uses it and is happy with it .
unit has no fan and runs hot to the touch . unit is light , but not quality that i was expecting .
it broke
bought the drive and it died after two years . have since heard the same story from others
even though it said it did , waste of time and money , wasn't worth returning it ended up in the trash
i sincerely hope you are considering this book because you are mistaking it for the real thing . don't do it .
i cannot rate it since i have not seen it due to the ridiculous price . my kids are impatiently waiting .
i have seen plastic flatware that had more quality then this tin foil wana be steel set . i returned my order
not a good place to start listening to this amazing band , but a must have for the completists .
it doesn't look like what i imagined . the picture is a little brighter than what you will receive .
didnt have the three straps in the front poor fit overall worthless . do not buy waste of money for sure .
i cannot view it please show me what to do
i had it for weeks and it fell from meter and that's his life ! i'm dissapointed it's awful
negative stars if possible ! do not buy this , it broke so easily . total waste of money and excitement lol !
the hard drive lasted less than days . i will not purchase a refurbished lap top from this business again .
oops , mine bad !
everything ok except that the material feels cheap
didn't like it . i've already deleted it . no
did not look like the picture . very disappointed . will not return because no other choses . thank you ok . will try o
i thought it was gonna look good for my iphone , but it makes me feel cheap . thinking of taking it off
my dog ran away because of it . just joking . but it's so bad . don't get . never get never ever ever .
i bought this for a friend so i dont like it . thats all i have to say .
do not buy . does not work . this is only draft n anyways , so it would be slow as garbage . word .
very thin and watery . color is not saturated at all . would recommend against this ink .
i just got this app . played it once . deleted it . not very fun . its just like , yay i can tap !
need to be fix now i love the my play home game so it need to be fix how so
like the previous reviewer , i am disappointed that the fixture didn't last longer . i will look elsewhere for the replacement .
i ordered this for my year old daughter , the was ok . the expectation about the colors were totally disappointed .
not true . maybe in person it would be different .
ordered the wrong item and i never returned it so i can not rate it at this time any one
buyer beware . this extingisher arrived partially discharged . amazon considers this hazmat and will not accept a return for replacement .
the charger does not work with a google nexus . i have a seidio case . i would not purchase again
broken just after year . as if the timer is set . i will not buy from this manifacturer any more .
did not really care for this documentary . so boring , i couldn't even get interested enough to get more than minutes .
would not recommend at all . i think i threw away the money . advertising was not enough information . don't buy it .
low budget not worth the time to watch . wasted the money to buy it . we didn't even finish pilot show
this looks like a cheap fishing rod , and is not for fly fishing . my advice buy something else .
not what i expected not very good ink coverage . it skips a lot
works only sometimes . it's a good size , and i like that it comes with a cleaning solution though . it's ok .
i didn't like how it fit at all ! its also very cheap quality ! i wore it once and hated it .
i would recommend this book to anyone not just women , it line up with the word of god truly inspiring .
this book was free . clearly i paid too much . don't waste your time or clog the internet with this trash .
barely can understand the text . it needs to be read at least twice to understand it .
the mattress topper came in but it was missing the cover . i had to returned for this matter . very disappointed !
not comfortable . gave them away .
order an xl received an l . useless for me . threw it in the donate pile like all the other junk . oh well .
the roller is bent and not cut evenly across the top and bottom . too much trouble and time to return .
you suck , it don't work on windows . wasted my mony
i would not recommend this speaker set . its almost impossible to hear through a pillow . cords are not long enough .
cheap graphics didn't really work that well i think my son played with it maybe times and was bored
i tried to order this item that says it's in stock but it wasn't very dissapointed . this experience was frustrating !
joshua , s cd was just so so . i would not recomend this cd needs better arrangements better material .
the pendant looks cheap and not nearly as nice as in the photo . not worth the price .
i purchased this last june for and it was easy to install . but , why the whopping price increase now ?
i bought these for my envoy . installed them about months ago and they're both already out . poorly made
this product says it fits the nexus , but it does not . why buy a product that does not fit ?
incredible this movie so empty , so stupid , movie idiot for fools ! no terror , no fear , no creepy , nothing of nothig !
kind of a crappy case , doesn't really stand up well , leather seems cheapish , and is bulky . would not recommend .
there is too much going on now . it's kind of hard to navigate . i like the previous version much better .
it was ok , not what i expected . only one came per order .
i had to return the item , it was broken up in pieces when i got it
the case turned out to be too flimsy . won't even attach to the ipad . i rate this f .
fits too small , compared to another size l i bought , this tee size l would be a m or less
won't run on windows . i'm done buying software on amazon , this is the rd time i've had this issue .
be ready for extreme diarrhea if you give these to your dog . they did not kill any fleas at all .
small for my fingers , small for coverage area , a little flimsy . wish i would've gotten a blending sponge instead . boo .
it's ok but i really wish that i bought the onterio one instead and the black coating scratches of easily !
very poor workmanship . one slipper had a tuck sewn in the front . the color is a pale lavender , not pink .
this is another dvd that i couldn't play in my player . so i will continue to search for another one .
so we got net flix insteadwe have spent more money on here for things we did not needgod bless
strap broke while around daughter's neck . camera is now broke .
the item is defective and was returnedi was very disappointed for getting a gun that does not work ?
this is nothing special , just expensive . you can easily find better for less money . they are not as durable either .
i got the light is work good for about a week and one side is not working now , wish i
nothing more than a rewrite of aa's twelve step program . i thought warren was above this . i was very disappointed .
the pad shoul be made so it does'nt fit so far under the dash . my knee rests closer to the shifter
kept breaking on me so i tossed it .
said it was a live puzzle was not no moving pieces at all . the description of the puzzle should be changed go
ultrabox guardian series case buttons are very hard to push . very annoying ! will not buy any products from ultrabox again !
do not like .
returned this as it is very flimsy with no real sharp edge to cut through the foil . do not recommend
this is one expensive pen ! not a box as pictured but pen !
brock so fast
it literally got broken in half after hours of shoot . i guess this is what to expect for that price .
i think this is very stupid , don't see . you couldn't even watch it for five minutes . not worth your time .
charged the battery per instructions . it worked for a day . now when it's plugged in it won't charge . very disappointing .
over a hundred dollars ? i bought this exact same shirt for my daughter at wal mart for about twelve dollars !
well written but rather pointless . eighteen more words required to submit a review of something that was not worth reading .
sucks . sound softer than what comes from my phone without a speaker
cons not the exact size . rough surface , which is unpleasant when using . doesn't lay flat around camera holes . pros cheap . matte .
poorly written , plot not believable . okay read but way too much going on to make it a really good read .
it doesn't have much give , it feels like foam . there's not zipper to be able to take some beads out .
smashed and sent in an envelope' .
the white on the case got dirty way to fast . needs a clear coat over it !
the rotaion spinner broke right away . had to throw it out .
i was really disappointed with this book . mam usually has a great story .
this product lasted about two weeks before the legs bent and it had to be scrapped . i wouldn't recommend it .
so small . it's not at all what i thought it was . it would be good for barbies . that's about it .
both suction cups ripped within weeks ! used only a few times . do not buy this product ! looking for refund .
i only received the back rest , didn't receive the pole . without the pole there is no way to install it .
workmanship is poor . finish is cheap . not as good as it appears on the picture .
good for the beach and power outages .
about seconds into this i said stop whining you b d . or maybe it was .
not much of a fragrance , something about it was just not right .
where is the . update ! ?
i don't know about other user but its not really work on mine . not impressed . never used again after tried on
i got two compact flash cards through it before the weak pins bent and it was useless . buy higher quality .
uninstalled it . it was not easy to work with and not worth the space it took up to use . thanks anyway
bad book , bad plot , bad writing , the book has everything to be ranked way up there on worst book ever !
too much furniture , too much country , too much classic , i was expecting something more actual like the magazine
cute but not worth buying sorryvery disappointed on how short the book wasseveral jokes repeated through out it
too much play in the slide to side . must have your eye right up to the glass for full field .
prices was good if it would not work after hours of use . i would not recommend this to anyone .
this item is not yet arrived ! can you please let me know . thank you
the end that went into the dvd player was the wrong size . it was listed for my sony dvd player .
keeps crashing on me . have to restart it multiple times to watch videos posted and won't let me pm pictures .
i ordered this book that was supposed to come with the cd . the cd never arrived . huge disappointment .
it skips so i cant watch it i wasted money on it i not happy i mad as hell ty
because it so cheap the black peels off the shirt if the guns weren't pink i would have returned it
sizing is way off . this is way too small for the age range . would definitely steer clear of this product !
terrible ! should have waited til they had an ending ! narcissistic men and really trashy women ! when a waste of time !
does not read in usa player ! i wish i had known , this was such a let down . and he really wanted this !
it kept turning my device off because of a design flaw . i really do hope they fix thatbecause i need one
these are cheap plastic . they won't stand up to a good gun cleaning . better off cleaning your teeth with them .
i was not satisfied at all i saw no results . i followed the instructions and kept a healthy eating habit
not impressed with this cd of quotes . wouldn't waste the money when you could easily create better yourself using word .
silly . pretentious . superficial . uh oh ! a fourth just came to mind . humorless !
this game was really just a waste of time . also it doesn't even work half of the time . it sucks
not funny and very long ! we couldn't even finish the movie it was so bad . please , stay away from it !
it's was very general , and lacked in substance . also , pretty short . would not recommend , a waste of moneyin my opinion .
not big enough for much of anything . not really worth buying . one , two three four five six seven eight nine
poor product could barely hear heart sounds even on the most lean pts . extremely poor product . advise do not buy .
super cheap made . almost as if its madefor children . pouch is junk . and keys are like plastic . junk period
get what you pay for . price was good but made very cheaply . flap opening for charger torn after two weeks .
i was happy with the appearance considering the price , but unfortunately the watch does not run or keep time consistently .
too dark
paused in middle of game had to restart game a few times but still pauses from time to time
too golden . i wish there was more pewter mixed in with the gold . size is great . i love big buddha bags !
very stylish but the gold buttons on the front faded very fast .
this is not what i expected . the product didn't stick well to my mini . attracts dirt and makes clicking hard .
not lumens , by a long shot more like to , price was alright for what it is
the phone broke down within weeks .
striing brooke in less then weeks on second use . very thing material and get blow away with wind .
i thought this was a genuine rabbit which my girlfriend loves but it turned out to be a cheap imitation .
these lights die really quickly within days , half of the lights had stopped working . i do not recommend this product .
completely wrong description only received one and not . do not buy this product . i'm sending it back immediately .
all the little pins came out . have to take it to a locksmith to fix it .
i don't like in this product because the case is not closing , i tried to close but is not working .
game will not load on my kindle fire . have tried about times now so i gave up . oh well .
these protectors are not for the samsung galaxy tab . . these did not work . would not reccommend , o not buy .
not as easy as learning spanish gave me a headache
poor quality and smells weird , like smoke . ? but i think is ok because i don't use my gps that often .
chose this book because of reviews . there are some good life lessons but prefer a different landscape for the message .
received promptly , however when i took on trip , i was rewarded with no power flow through , very disappointing don't bother !
the bristles are way too soft to do any effective and thorough cleaning so look elsewhere for a better product .
it was a non english book you really need to read the entire sale ad so i sent it back .
this product didn't even work when it was new out of the package . don't buy it or waste your money .
not good ! when it came was broken ! but i forgot to return !
i paid for an hs movie that was not in hda a a a a a a a a
this item is actually greenish gray in color . very disappointed with the color but structurally the item is sound and convenient .
these covers are nice but the face plate breaks too easily and they usually break within the first three weeks
don't waste the buck . i am not going to support someone who supports killers of police officers . misguided young lady .
looked great , sounded great pump noise was unobtrusive , but it leaked badly . had to send it back for a refund .
i found everything to be kind of silly and not real . just could not relate to the characters or plot .
material is horrible the length sucks its definitely not was i expected to get i will be sending it back
i had to crazy glue one of the magnets together upon opening my package . should not have to do that .
ohhhhmyyyyydo not . spray . in personal places . under any circumstances . they should seriously warn people about that . you're welcome .
wanted a non spill proof nipple but got a spill proof one instead . not sure if i read it wrong .
this product broke after one charge , i reused the cord to tie garden plants to wooden stakes .
slow moving and fairly predictable . finished reading it , but would classify it as a chicklets book . relaxing read . breggie hale
this really was a very dry book . it did not hold my interest long enough to finish reading the book .
when i catch laptop from right side it is power offvery bad laptopi hate it and iam very angry
i did not rec book when i suppose to and then when i got it it was the wrong book
i'm sending these back . the shoe lace holders are plastic and one broke the first day i wore the shoes .
i've read all of elins books and i can truly say i thought this was not one of get best
the beads are pretty but the holes on the beads are not big enough for the line to go through .
paper seem to be glued together one trying to separate sheet tear the paper ,
low voice output , low quality not like the other jabra speakers including the smaller ones !
your shoes should be a lot bigger or it will hurt more than the shoe alone .
hair isn't virgin it's decent hair but can be bleached
waste of money waste of time l purchasethis product it was a big disappointmenttelekinetic enhancerwicca bell book and candle
cubes are too thin and break too easily . i would not recommend .
i do not know any of the people they put on there and it is really hard ! i hate it !
lousy reception , another one to throw in the pile of all the others that don't work .
i'm sure they're good for some but i found them rough . not as good as astra and feathers
too much glue cannot reuse
storyline was awful acting was subpar and expected the cinematography and direction was ok in the end i expected more .
this is a cute puppy book , and my daughter enjoys the handles , but the book has a serious editing problem
the shirt is small . very cute but , was not true to the size . i will be sending it back soon .
the pigmentation is good but the palette arrived broken and i wasn't able to return it . i was really disappointed
way too obvious , no character development , did not utilize helen hunt enough . apologies on spelling typing on tv controller
this iacute tem don't fiting in my blender
does not fit well sent it back did not . did not fit on to ipad very disappointed in product design
what happened to . book prices ? i would buy it if it not the same price as the paper verison .
i needed a larger one and i found the gb and it worked just what i was looking for . d
the book was very worn . i was very disappointed when i received it , as i am gifting it .
they cam pretty quick but one of them does not work they look like new but is just the look
it's a rip off . same product as the . one . same material , same design . triple the price . don't buy it .
dreadful recording quality completely spoilt this for me , don't bother wasting your money , unless you are a real callas fan .
contacted seller to return the item because it was the wrong edition and recieved no response .
weak
i can not rated this app because i never used also no try . i have apple no android phone
stupid and didn't make sense to me . only read of it . would not recommend it to anybody i know .
do not purchase did not work . only thing good was the length of the cord which was very long . wasted my money
screws are too small to work with . either pre drill new holes or change out the screws to better ones .
these taste nothing like the original clove cigarettes , they leave a nasty aftertaste . i would not recommend them at all .
dosent work in automatic . sight and laser and silencer are complete crap dont buy
doesn't stick to back window . would never recommend this for purchase . read before you buy . definitely not worth the money
it is an old model . it won't hold a charge . otherwise , it is fine . i won't buy another one online .
this was way to expensive for this little of product . felt like a fool for buying it . save your money .
old hardware with old software . windows mobile is very laggy , htc sense kinda improves experiance but nah . do not buy !
get the original . this wasn't worth keeping in my collection so i deleted it and wasted . three more words .
did dnot fit well , waist band was more the size of a large pair of pants . not a medium pair
i have been taking this for months and have been following the instructions . absolutely no results yet . very disappointing .
this is very cheap and broke within weeks of installation . do not waste your time or money on this .
why junk apps like this but no google apps ? l love my fire but i love the google market also .
extremely difficult to remove to change battery . i am surprised it has not broke yet . i do not like it .
not what i expected . did not have a platice screen front and all black rubbed off . do not like product
this app did not work . it just stayed on one thi . g and would not do anything . i was dissapointed . don't download .
the banding between the black and gray portions stands out very awkwardly , and the material is very thin uncomfortable .
died in days
this battery will not work in the dcm zs . the correct battery is lumix dmw bcg pp .
kindle device can be attached to a case to get it safe . this belkin case is only a neoprene bag
no good smil
this slowed my kindle down to turtle speed . after i bought it my kindle wouldn't work until i uninstalled it .
i don't see major diference when i used it , i used deep cleansing pore strips to have a result .
this was suppose to fit in my escalade . and it does not . and now i can't return it . i'm stuck
it's ok
think it is a fun football movie
well , the waffle looks beautiful , however , taste is not as good as a traditional waffle , do not know why
how could anything like this happen . this is terrible . just look at the album art .
the items may not be new as listed . please read the fine print . don't waste your money .
arrived jan , handle broke off feb . the material it is made of is not durable . not recommended . do not buy .
i still have not figured out how to put this together . i should have returned it . not worth the money
wrong labeled item . i ordered large and the size i got was way too small
these are shapeless and paper thin . only good for sleeping in . the color is accurate but overall i am disappointed ,
order was placed a freaking month ago ! my first time ordering anything online and this is what i get ! pissed .
not worth your time . poorly acted , idiotic storyline and completely predictable . just really stinks . nothing more to say on the topic .
are you kidding me with this thing ? ive seen better jewelry come out of a gum ball machine !
this game is difficult to play on the kindle fire hd . it is much easier to play on a computer laptop .
too heavy and pointy , very realistic but not for small child
the delivery time was very fast . the adapter was total waste of money , work for weekstotal trash
didn't work .
didn't care for this one at all .
this product not work for me at home or in the tanning salon . i would not recommend this for whitening .
not very good has not met my happiness i'll def think about retiring it don't know yet ? very disappointed
some of the book was interesting and some of it was boring .
what a sham . and it appears to be from the real atari so good way to trash your corporate name .
not anything new compared to the new love and sex after that i had read prior . buy this first .
runs smaller than you think buy the next size up when you buy this belt blah blah blah blah blah
this album sucks . it in no way shape or form compares to cent
unit did not function , had a broken connector , and was very dirty . will not waste my time on this again .
i bought this to help with the . pod . not as in depth as i hope it would be .
i couldn't get into the flow . may be unfair t rate since i didn't finish the book . read at risk .
this product worked well for about months . then it suddenly died , tried replacing the batteries , but still no help .
it says inflammatory pain relief and it supposedly penetrate the pain you feel like athritis , joint bones , back pain etc .
there is no place in the case to hold the pad down so it just bumps around in the case .
the worst movie every made hands down . nothing like what the synopsis states would not recommend to anyone at all .
the sizing of these shirts are way too small and the fabric is itchy and uncomfortable .
dog split these balls after the first throw . might be alright for small dogs . no match for a lb lab .
the pages were cut with very little margin , the text almost gets out of the page .
does not work on galaxy nexus . force closes upon starting . will update review if dev fixes it . couple more words
these socks are not months , they are definitely newborn size . very disappointed that the size is inconsistent with advertising .
looks like a mesh scarf small like one as well
this book looks real on the outside , but the inside music is photocopied , often badly . it is of unusable quality .
this case isnt as bright red as it looks and the cut outs were placed wrong i don't recommend it
this product did not meet my expectations . after several weeks of application per the directions nothing changed as they advertise .
easy to put on , but just as easy to fall off . the glue lasted only about a week .
these don't last very long
this review , found listed among mark twain items is really a review of henry james' work . lost . .
this is a game where you have to spend more money to play . can't even get past the first two levels !
save your money . i do not dry towels on this . it still broke after summer .
very uncomfortable shoe and can hardly walk in them because it hurts so bad .
it cracked so i had to change it but the price was right so i can't really complain about it .
unless you hold the pivot , it just snaps right back to straight . i'm don't like that it doesn't stay slanted .
i really like the design and the color but than again it sucks because the color of it rubs off
could not use for our exercises in my group as they tended to break and shred when pulled . very disappointing !
ok except they make an annoying buzzing sound . otherwise they are good .
slow and not very fun . looked like a better game than what it really was unfortunately .
badly acted and directed . horrible stuns . i doubt that any of the actors were really tae kwon do black belts .
while all of the classic songs were recorded , the sound was not good quality , sounding hollow and very unclear .
suction cup won't stay on wall . the shower hose keeps sliding out of the holder while suction cup is attached .
lower plastic water drain tray kept falling off , spills water . very poor designi liked the style but had to return
the product is cheap and unsatisfactory !
i used to really like mad but every show now is a misunderstanding or an argument .
the rubber bits on the bike holders break making the pieces useless
nowhere near the quality i expected i would not recommend to anyone these sheets are terrible cannot keep on bed
very sheer , do not look as pictured . can definitely see right through them . but you get what you pay for .
the pouch material fell a part after one wear . it shredded through out . i will never buy this brand again .
i tried every possible way to get these to work properly , but could not . this product is completely useless .
the digits are way too dull to actually read the time on this watch , making it a very expensive bangle .
did not fit the pillow
the back started peeling off a week after receiveing the case . not pleased with product . would not recommend to anyone .
too small to read and had to order a larger copy
the item i've received wasn't working . tried in different cars . the usb wasn't powering up devices i've tried .
bad as airsoft can be i wish that they wouldnt sell it on amazon because its really really really stupid
would have liked better pictures . like to use this in my preschool and they love nice colorful pictures ! might use ?
stopped working after a few days . very disappointed . waste of money ! buy the real ones and save yourself some headaches .
bad , only two good songs . the spark is not there . too bad . last whitesnake cd i will buy .
brightness is much to weak for replacing watt mr halogen bulb .
this is the most absurd thing that i have ever tried to read and i read a lot ! !
am fm cb ? . i had to go buy rubber washers to fill the gap on the cb side . these are radio use
one of the stones were real and the other fake returned it . if you purchase this item examine both stones .
it's too big for ipod . otherwise ok .
this app kept locking up my kindle fire hd . since i removed it i haven't had a problem . don't download .
falling apart at the seams after two months . poor quality construction .
worked great for days and then stopped working without warning . luckily i had another laptop power supply .
does the beard no justice and leaves a horrible scent . also dries out the hair horribly bad .
covers a wide array of hospitality , but only on surface level . get the current edition which may be better . ok ?
i'd like it much better if my plays upped over time at least . i get one round every other day .
looked good but the screen did not work on both the first one and it's repacement
couldn't get it to work without bubbles getting in . other products didn't have this trouble . very inexpensive , and it shows .
you will very very very very very disapointed when you get it ! the earphone is trash ! almost everything is trash .
this app doesn't include a lot of countries like china . it also doesn't automatically connect you to the selected von .
pinches eyes
vacuum emits an unpleasnt oder of vomit when running . unable to use .
cheap material and over priced . the fit was like it was made for someone with fat palms and stubby fingers .
they did no sprout . this product was a failure .
great for listening to audio . horrible for talking on cell ! also a bit for only half the features . would not recommend .
this item was much smaller then represented . i do love the parfume though . would recomend looking at a larger size .
this book is much too old to be of any use to me , especially in the light of recent genetics !
poor production , made in a hurry . not recommended at least not at that price .
trash . written by a sixth grader with no writing skills . grade is an f . do not waste your time , ever .
these glasses weren't the ones i ordered . i will send them back . i want the new ones asap . thank you
got bored with this part of the way through . the old fashioned fairytales written in a very simplistic and short version .
within hours of getting this plush , the back of the head and the neck split open at the seam .
nice listening and partying music from a seemingly low brow but funny and wise movie .
the shoe runs large and the quality is poor .
the string to catch is very weak and hardly any thing fits , so i dont recommend it for any one
the candles were very small for the price i paid . maybe it was my fault . i thought they were larger .
hard to transfer files , hard to turn on to record , used times to write and ink well is done
could have been moving along faster without a lot of descriptions . especially for someone who does not read very much .
very thin material . very clingy . doesn't keep its shape . will probably use it to sleep in .
small to start with , and shrunk badly when washed . terrible product .
these broke the first time wore them . the clip snapped off and can not be fixed . a waste of money !
the fact the game will not download just to try without one click purchase option turned on is a sham !
this book is all agenda and no imagination . i don't think it would capture the target audience's attention for long .
it doesn't charge my i phone , it shows this unit not capable for my phone . i try to change cable , again doesn't work .
stopped working after st use . sounds like a bargain but isn't . please do not waste your time and money .
this is a false markup by amazon . its an . unit yet they say it is . bs
i could not get this to go on at all and most of the holes were in the wrong place
doesn't work in my yashica electro , but i dont know if its my camera or the battery is empty !
with top face plate on i could use touch screen during phone calls , i would to remove it every time !
did not fit the phone correctly and the cover broke the first time we tried to use it .
poor quality , froze up and skipped around . very disappointed . won't order the rest of the season now . cancelling membership , maybe .
cheaper . really short cable
bad quality breaks very quickly . the edges crack and the cover doesn't stick . the card holder covers the phone hole
the squirted is broken already . i've only had it for a couple months .
these bags are very poor quality . very thin paper , do not know how they would stand up to even one vaccumming .
shipping was fast . quality is good . but not true to size . very disappointed .
samples r the ones i get free at store
horrible color of light . had to return .
unfortunately , i did not notice a change in any way . i may as well have been taking a placebo .
this product appeared beautiful online . however , it looked and felt junky . broke immediately and cut my thumb . awful , horrible product !
leaky makes spots on every printout . i have to throw it away buy a new one in town .
junk part !
a worthless piece of junk ! gage is not working at all , hard to see number , everything faling apart on it .
lasted months . would not recommend .
ode to cranberry pinzon towels towels that don't drylike a boat that doesn't floatmoist with disappoint ment . fin
i ordered xl and these are equivalent to medium size . what a waste of time and money ! don't waste yours !
the light seldom works and the lens does not produce a clear immage . a good idea that fails to deliver .
takes longer to find the sweet spot to connect than it is worth . nexus didn't like it . i returned .
not worth the money , i returned it .
product was as ordered , but did not power the laptop . total waste of money . not worth returning .
motorola one is far better in quality as well to use .
they are very thin and have no cushion what so ever . i belive that thay will not last very long .
broke within hours . not worth the money or the time
but just couldn't . i felt no connection to the characters and found the sotry line hard to believe .
worst brushes ever . smell funny . i use them for my nails
sucked
nice but too small .
this is a music game . i would think you'd at least want the beats to line up with the song .
although advertised for this devise , the adapter did not fit the unit . the plug in end piece was the wrong size .
the headphones barely work and are very flimsy . the sound is distorted when used with an i touch
the order came right away but the chocolate was old and discolored . i had to throw them away .
this dress looks much cuter on the model . it is made of cheap material and not comfortable at all .
this story is not as compelling as the first one . i am not going to continue with the series . enough .
these did fit my truck but they were very difficult to install so i had to send them back .
not possible to buy the pc version items in shops , fx resurrection scrolls . your partner dies you pay . cash .
mistake wrong product
the black worked for half a cartridge , the color never worked well no yellow . i will not buy these again .
this sadly this did not work at all . would not even come on with multiple sets of batteries . sending back .
as a plug in phone charger works as needed , but the lighted symbol ring at the plug can be distracting .
had to buy batteries for of them not happy . would cost more to return it than buy batteries
if you're getting this to go over a santa wig , it won't work . much too small and not all that plush .
didn't need to open the box to realize dishes were broken . returned and currently waiting on refund .
factory defective item threaded holes for screws were of the wrong size and seems like they were stripped .
boring and immature plus bad influence young women might actually do that like i said it's a bad bad influence
never worked
save your time and money and go read something else . i would suggest patriot acys by greg rucka
does not fit my htc incredible phone . had to give it away as too much hassle to return the item .
the adapteur it is not totaly working . it is impossible to make infiniti . im not happy . i dont recommand it .
did not work !
i am pretty sure i got a knock off from the real case ! not happy with this purchase at all !
this came with no directions and the scent does not last .
this was not appealing to me . i found it boring . it's probably better for younger people or kids to play .
tore very easily . one star for refund recieved , but still lost on shipping charges .
planed two types of corn had alot of problems with this one and it is way over priced dont buy
these flees should not have come up under ski pants when i searched ski pants ! a good waste of .
does not fit if you fit a cover or sleeve over the macbook air . not recommended for airs with covers .
been through of these they fail after about months .
the handles on both bags won't go up after use . i only use them for short car trips now .
not my type of movie .
not what i was expecting and it was my girl friends birthday gift which was broke when i received it .
never sprouted . planted and watered as directed . bought and neither ever came out of the ground
at this time the movie is unavailable , so i was unable to view it . i hope it becomes available soon !
not user friendly . i just wanted to build a park , not spend actual money . i felt suckered . dont buy it .
and dont give alternate for make complaint . i try download in different way and nothing work . i lost my money
a tad light for sellers . predictable ! would not purchase other short works by sellers . save your money , very disappointing . not good .
part of the keyboard slip in the corner never lays down . it's been that way since i received it
the rhomba is cheaply made . mine stopped working completely after about two months . piece of garbage .
love the color and the texture but the skirt it self is too small .
this was one of the worst books i've read in years . it was practically soft porn in costume . away a novel
while this book isn't terrible , it is unnecessary . certainly it's unnecessarily long . it would have made a great pamphlet .
fit is on the small size . the shirt is a little thin , so not very warm . i returned them . zzz
could not watch as format was north american canadian . i am disappointed with amazon that they sold me this product .
i don't see the different in endocrinology basic and clinical principles old versioncompare to kindle edition the new version
i hate jacki o ! your not lil kim or foxy brown and you are just plain tired . give it up
the battery was dead upon arrival . nice looking watch , but now i have to pay to get the battery replaced .
was not at all what i expected . for marriage and family therapists , the information contained was not helpful or useful .
was going to download , and upon installing antivirus detected malicious files in the . exe . so that's great , thanks for that .
product is not of a good quality . they are dry and brittle . do not recommendwill never buy this product again . very disappointed .
did not work . did not notice or feel anything . wasn't happy with it . wasn't for me . i guess everyone is different .
don't get this app it doesn't even have alot of pictures and it wont even let me see the pictures
this book was terribly written . i was very much bored the whole way through . six more words required
not that impressed with this product as the zipper broke within about uses . other than that it is okay .
downloaded this game , played it , got tired of all the pop ups , then deleted it all within minutes .
i ordered the wrong brand for our park gate . needed a pin allstar . the item returned without any problems .
won't properly install on casio commando , it leaves main screen with blue flashtried clicking screen and only got sub menu
did not work on my vintage car . postage too expensive to return . i will try to sell at garage sale
this game is a lemon , i can't believe i wasted my hard earned money on such trash .
not what i thought it would be . i thought it would have receipies . i am very unhappy with this book .
i purchased this 'new' but the book i received had a badly crushed binding . poor packaging ! i am very disappointed .
app would not work on my android device !
threw it in the bin after having read half the book . a mixture of ramblings , repetitions and disinfo .
unable to open , unable to review
didn't see a difference in my hair after two months of using . maybe it will work better for someone else .
the item was broken , and even if it wasn't it's so bad quality that i would have returned it anyway .
okay for a light massage or stress reliever . not as powerful as some of the much cheaper drugstore one's . wouldn't recommend .
it was not a fun game it was not like the origanal air hockey games on smart devices . it stunk
unit does not keep time . we have changed the batteries numerous times and it just will not keep accurate time
don't buy this dvd , it is missing all the outtakes from the television show , particularly from playboy model kelly monaco
no flow , it was hard to track , diffinstely not a page turner . charactors not fully developed would not recommend this book .
not a very good product .
i have no idea who purchased this . i never purchased this for my granddaughter . you have wrong account , please correct .
all the shrimp were dead at arrival
did not fit as advertised and i can't figure out how to return it ! wish i had never ordered this !
this game is boring . going to uninstall . its an ok game but gets borring after a few min of play
the dogs seem to love these but i just am not convinced that greenies help with teeth .
only woks tow days , i change the battery but not work i chek if some physical damge but dont have
because one broke after only hours . very cheap . i would go for another brand . plus the base is large .
cheesy movie but i could see why people liked this movie back then
i would have given this a zero but unfortunately that's not one of the choices .
these looked really cute but were so uncomfortable . my son couldn't even walk in them . we returned them .
this thing sucks . it is not well made and does not work well at all .
i return this item . the picture shown was very deceiving . this looked cheap and plastic looking . the plastic was cracking .
sorry , tried to download this loads of times , yet got only a blank book beyond the intriguing cover . what's up ? !
i am having problems getting a forecast , so i think yahoo weather is not good . help me with this app
it worked for seconds then forced closed and wont open anymore . would be a good freebie if it worked .
the customer service is no good and the product doesn't work properly ! i would not recommend this product to anyone !
this is much too thin and slick for your mouse to get traction . i won't buy one of these again .
oh my word ! do yourself a favor and don't get this app . it was sure a waste of my time .
i'm petty upset the phone lasted maybe a week then the screen quit worrking . i want my money back .
until now i can find my packeged with my providor because i dont have any tracking information of the package
i do have a narrow foot , and even though this shoe was pretty , it was much too wide for me .
could not get through all of the show . stopped half way , never went back . want my hour back . dont order .
meh . don't waste your time . the books are a million times better . i wish the casting and script were better .
very handy , if you change bags as i do you will appreciate this organizer as i do . i recommend it .
battery life is less than hours talking . keep buying battery will cost more than buying an expensive blue tooth
the paints were so cute and i was so excited to get them but they ran very small !
horrible movie . not worth your time or money to buy it or rent it ! we stopped watching half way through .
these were not the same as pictured .
it keeps going the wrong way every time i go left or right . the controller doesn't work well at all .
visually interesting but story and characters were not that much fun . costumes were good and colors of them were ok .
poor quality , strap broke within first week of use .
did not hold a charge after only weeks of use . started out strong but quickly lost power and pick up .
i am disappointed with these . they cover the tags so are not legal in oregon . now , i have to return .
no would not recommend . too flimsy for the pricei was expecting much more for the price . plastic cover bad
smaller than expected . should have ordered sizes larger so that my grandson could wear it for awhile . not happy .
it did not work , tried several wires , even soldered wires to try and get it to work with no luck .
worst . movie . ever .
not very good enough , so i have to return it . the teacher said some key does not work for f .
yeah if i knew it was this cheaply made i would have not bought these the plastic is really bad
i was disappointed with the poor sound quality and it does not fit the audio jack of conventional ear phones .
this was not what i expected . it sits on the shelf and not being used .
mosquitoes actually come and sit on this bracelet to laugh at me !
not good
not really good dont get it doesnt work
the price is right just not sturdy enough
this battery is mislabeled . it is not for euro version or gsm version of the htc touch diamond .
it doesn't say when purchase that it is not water resistant , i realized it when i opened the product box .
this book is worthless and a total scam . not informative in the least and a waste of money .
my computer can't recognize it ! must be poorly made . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx
awful show !
will not work with trimmer
it is a decent weight but cheap looking with a faded print . this is overpriced and a total rip off .
this particular batch was lacking the usual fizzy taste and texture . however , they were sweet and chewy .
it's not a slotted spoon , it's not a spatula . it will become the least used item in your drawer .
it was weird but overall a decent book . different style of writing . kept running the disney version through my head .
disappointed as to specific info regarding the storey history . only showed how they fit into the world scheme of things .
turned colors after only one wear . not worth it .
clutch cargo revisited .
this stuff didn't work at all . kinda disappointing to be honest . wish it did work but it doesn't so . p
why not offer this book for other tablet users ? since amazon don't i'll buy my ebook at google play store !
did not work very well at all in my car !
not enough heat on high setting . hard to get humidifier tray back into unit . disappointed in the unit at best ,
i like the fabric but its kinda big wish it was for newborns but otherwise i like it thank you
propaganda !
did not work . had to return it at my expense . was not pleased at all . did not not even connect to my pc .
the press broke when i inserted a large clove . the hinge that held the two handles together broke right off .
good story , but too many cliches and i found the dialog poorly written modern and period language mixed together .
i should have taken heed of the other reviewers warnings . these seat covers are cheap pieces of crap ! trust me !
my dog had this thing in pieces within a few seconds . i thought kong products were supposed to be durable .
this has to have been written by a ghost writer . not near the caliber of a koontz book . very disappointing .
boring and so terribly unscientific it was laughable .
great little movie until close to the end . a tasteless reference to jesus , the son of god was made . disappointing .
used paper in the microwave and it caught on fire . replaced the microwave . same thing happened with the second unit
the game does not seem to support ics on my galaxy nexus . i really enjoyed the original on my iphone .
very tiny ! they look like if it's for little children to use ! i was very disappointed when i saw them .
the blades are a bit rough , not as sharp compared to the gillette originals . they are just ok , not great .
we set these up correctly , followed directions , and could not get rid of the static . this purchase was worthless
this price isn't a saving everyone large electronics retailer is selling this item for the same price
the product came incomplete . reached only the base but the pen did not come . i would like to receive it !
wasn't even close to fitting a subaru impreza . i . wish i could return it but missed the window sucks really
this hourglass is poorly made the blown glass is loose from it's holder , and leaks sand .
this listing clearly implies that you are getting torches . i was sent one . i am sending it back .
the pages are black and white . children love color , not black and white .
perhaps i didn't read the description closely enough . this book is a historical text , not applicable to today's surveying .
i thought this app would be fun but for video it won't play hd . freezes up and i can't use it .
theme weaver is wasted pages . poorly written with little to no useful content . i would not recommend this book at all .
couldn't get it to work on this cheap chinese android
i feel it is to small
this book is not to my liking , no sense at all , sorry !
didn't do much for me . wasn't vey impressed with this product . diet loose any weight and not much energy boost .
works good on my froyo epic g and gingerbread nexus s phones , but not on my honeycomb tablet toshiba thrive .
quite flimsy unremarkable . wouldn't buy this if i had seen in a store . will probably not play with these .
extremely poor formatting for both kindle and kindle for ipad . pictures are very low resolution and maps almost unreadable . .
purchase this for my month child . the pacifier wouldn't stay closed , causing medication to fly in my baby face .
this lunch jar does not keep meals hot and the toppers leak a lot . this was a very bad purchase !
not what i expected , too ancient for my purposes . i should have read the information more carefully before ordering . ta dah !
this item broke in a matter of minutes , even with gentle use . i don't recommend this balloon inflator at all .
it ripe to quickly .
it is the best book in the worldbenfree download and install the clash of the clans for kindle
the advertising blurb i read didn't make it real clear that i was buying software . i didn't want software ! bummer !
i thought it was bigger than what it was , so i thought it would get broken so i returned it .
didn't do a thing for me . gave it away and hope it works for someone else . won't buy this again .
sometimes you get what you pay for . cheap . didn't fit . an epic waste of money . why on earth didn't i read the reviews ?
i wish i had received this book for my upcoming cruise . it came highly recommended by my travel agent . bummer .
this case is not worth it do not buy this . it wil never want anyone to buy this s ty case
this puzzle was not worth . it just cost to much to return it so i guess i'll keep it .
the strap wasn't put together nicely and the strap is way too tight . i measured it like they said to do .
the main character eragon is toooo whiney and the story is wayy tooo slow sometimes
doesn't work
entered the parameters and it still gave the wrong info checked on other sources .
it worked fine for a while and then stopped . i have made other arrangements to do the same exact thing .
it was said for ' 's' . i am 's and it has almost no effect as it promised .
did nothing for me stoped useing it after days need lots of work will not use this ever again
i didn't really find this interesting enough to give it a thorough try . i might give it another try later .
i was robbed of over . from this thief . never heard from him again . thanks amazon .
bought of these glasses complete waste of money they broke after only using them once . don't recommend this purchase !
bought it as a gift . the person said it did not work . only thing its good for is a flashlight . junk !
comfortable , beautiful color . pills so badly , it spreads to the floor . cannot use this product after using it one time .
arrived timely , but looked different than picture when opened .
yesterday's news in limited coverage . it's like reading cliff notes when you want the whole story . do not get it .
no way to get the bumps out and apply smoothly . thick tint is nice though but couldn't get bumps out .
this is not my style would not have ordered this type of reading . i need a block on my kindle
junk , and way bigger than it shows
arrived broken didn't take out of box . returned without problem .
i disliked everything about this book . the plot , trying to change the original characters . i just didn't like this book .
product broke the first time i used it .
can't open it , and from reading the other reviews i see that's common don't know why it isn't fixed by now
stick with the original box set . a waste of money ! john l . bookpalm springs , ca .
waste of money ! not easy to change case on the phone . i bought and threw them away ! no will not recommend !
i chose this rating because it was awful . the plot was jumpy , and it was hard to read . epic fail .
don't waste your time . slightly fun for the first few seconds untill you realize that's all there is to it .
the kids at our th of july party were so excited to see them glow , but dissapointed when they didn't .
it's just a pamphlet . i wasted my monthly prime on this . very very disappointed . and it really isn't worth buying .
we only used them for a few months . it's junk . save your money . handles break easily , hard to wash
these bowls are very cheaply made and have rough spots and missing pieces of wood .
though this is a pretty and comfortable slipper , the fabric started fraying on the front toe almost immediately . very disappointed .
it didn't fit . it said it was for a razor but it was for a i phone . never will order any .
i wanted a recipes to feed a lot of people outdoor recipes . i have used one recipe from this book .
horrible ! i couldn't even finish it .
i ordered a blue light saber . this one is red , green and blue . looks like crap . son was very disappointed .
it is so cute but the material is bad , i am so sad , because when i wshed looks so bad
sympathetic portrayal of a pedophile foul language reprehensible protagonist one star .
the corner of the case broke within in the first week . otherwise i like the looks and it arrived quickly
saw decent reviews so i thought i'd try it on my tiffany jewelry . bad idea . girls , don't bother buying this .
this stuff hasnt changed a thing
we are on or nd feeder , both did not work when the lid was on . so sad .
and pat's still here . so much for the rapture pat .
don't bother . too large for the system . hours to load and still no play . i wish i could return it .
story line doesn't pull you in , if you just want to read it's an ok book to read . no depth
i think company should give better or more instructions , they are hard to use and didn't help me at all .
the materials looks nice but the handles were thin and cheap looking . not what i expected from a coach bag
i returned them , they would not charge the new iphone s .
maybe worth of what i paid and came in two weeks late for christmas .
it is very pretty . but , the glitter and baubles come off very easy and get all over everything . not practical .
the merchandise in england have sent by courier and not bad on time . not recommend them too long to respond
this is the wost rock band ever they cant hit a key there so bad they suck
david kofler's review says it all i need not repeat
case is pretty enough , but will not allow my cell phone to close all the way . manufacturing defect i am thinking .
worked for a few weeks then just stopped working . only charged my iphone about fifty percent or less every time .
i did not care for this movie much . it was slow and did not like story line . would not recommend .
handled poorly . the part that holds the disc in place was broken
it was too hard to apply and the instructions were not very clear . too hard to get the bubbles out .
could not get it to open ! down loaded ok , but that was it ! very disappointed as it looked great . the end .
i would like to write a review but i haven't read it yet . because it isn't on kindle yet . duh
flimsy and poor quality . broke on day . bad purchase . the hook is very small and of even worse quality .
wine failed , bad sewing . i buy something first , unused and would like to evaluate the garment before sending . i don liked
nothing exciting , and didn't even work when i went to give it a second shot .
claim to be easy , but still too 'physicist' point of view . way too difficult to understand .
it came all scratched up and ragged . i can barely see the screen through all of these scratches . severely disappointed
i assume netrome is out of business ! phone numbers are no good , dont buy !
broke after days of having it
this product stunk so bad from mold , it made all our family ill . had to throw it away . was terribly disgusted .
i tried it and didn't see any difference . money wasted in my opinion . here are the seven more required words .
the volume buttons broke right away . bummer . oh well , it was cute while it lasted . maybe it was just mine .
the funny parts were in the previews .
it did not work on the lawn mower that i have , so i had to return it to the seller
this case broke in about a week and did not stay on very well from the beginning .
could not get it to give a good reading and i tried many time , finally gave up and returned it .
it was ok and i love the first page so you like totally need to read this book so bye
blah . not the prettiest , and very heavy , so they pulled my ear down all the time . didn't wear them long
this book is missing the first pages . this wasn't noticed until class had started which really makes things difficult .
some of the illustrations overlap the text on the pages . otherwise the book is great .
tv was too big to fit under my cabinets . return was fast and easy .
arrived broken .
the plot barely moved along . after being very excited for this movie i ended up falling asleep before the end .
the . dts surround on the dvd is defective as well . only sound coming through left speakers main and surround .
don't much care for it . i don't like the way the controls work . i would not buy another diamond puzzle .
the story was simple at best , but rather trite . i've definitely read better and more gripping paranormal fiction . not worth purchasing !
while the product is fine hangers how bad can they be the shipping was outrageous !
the movie was in german not english so i was varry dissaponted in the servis the other movies were good
not in florida
boo in this game you lose progress . i had park but it went boom . don't waste your time downloading it .
elastic on top not good for diabetic should be loose
each outlet works individually , but only one works when both are plugged in . it is a piece of junk ! junk !
does not ask as memory act like a pad . not happy but im stuck with it
received broken does not play anything once i played it it was too late to return it was sent used
this is impossible to use and although i took it out to try to make the extension , i gave up .
could not go from chapter to chapter . therefore it is not useful .
i liked it but wasn't the one i was searching for . i saw parts of it on tv on pbs .
this cable does not work . seller has been contacted but has not replied very disappointed with this purchase .
the tray fell apart after three months but i was able to super glue it
the dress look ugly not look like the picture .
good service not the best item to use in your carthere are some other good items in the market
way too shiny . the reflection is so distracting . could have been a great buy but this has to go back .
extremely disappointed . grips kept popping off during play . fifa
unable to see inside the bird house thru this film . looks terrible on the window . do not waste your money .
terrible , dont use for ping pong
not for me . just wanted to watch tennis .
didn't work for any of my devices !
it's not quite big enough to covet ther enter seat top to bottom . i do lithe that is is clear .
disk quality is not very good . thought it would be better . it is barely better then the vcr tape i had .
didn't grow
the gameplay is bad . can't shoot fast enough , ship pathetic . jeez jeez jeez really ugh gee really . good graphics though . iydugdjgxgdh
why this dickies are it got old logo they to big ex loose the material doesn't feel like dickies fake dickies
i felt that the book didn't flow smoothly and lacked character development . stuck between genres without really fitting into any .
ripped very easily . like so easy i didnt even notice until it was too late . very wet crotch all day .
the bag is to small for two len's and the camera plus cables needs to be just a little bigger
defective jersey peeling lettering on back of jersey
the lens fell out before my son could even put them on . very , very , very cheap . not worth cents .
don't buy it . don't even spend your precious time on watching it . i guarantee you will be utterly disappointed .
i thought that these would be wood bamboo , but they are cheap light plastic . i would not recommend this item .
keyboard cover does not fit on right so i am unable to use it . but other than that , it's fine .
i didn't order this or at least i didn't mean to . i have nothing to do with us bank .
three of the stems were broken completely off the glass ! e mailed picture to provider but never heard anything back . value approximately .
the leather straps dont fit in the butt stocks . it is too short even for my m mosin nagant carbine .
this book had pretty much all the same info as all the books i already own . i was disapointed .
not that good . too thin cheaply made .
preseasoned ? i think not . evev when i added oil , everything still stuck to the pan and so hard to clean !
i bought extra small , but it came as at least medium huge . the size numbers do not match to real ones .
this didn't age well and looks awful . i wouldn't recommend it to anyone with eyes . play something else please .
the two long ones did not work . they only turned on half way . totally not worth it at all m
i tried using this cable to replace my previous broken cable and it didn't work at all . i am disappointed .
very thinso when flipping over sometimes gets stuck in printer . gets job done when not stuck in machine . m
very much to small and see through . i would not recommend it to anyone at all ever . bad bad bad .
i guess this would be ok if i needed it but it's not needed . bought it after reading other reviews .
you should not believe this . please pleaseeverything in this book is not true . so you don't need to read this
a good quality part but it didn't fit as it was described on their web and had to return it .
this throw was not soft gold but bright yellow . it's not like it is pictured . it does feel soft though .
the lettering and flag were plastic iron on decals very inexpensive looking . i would not recommend this item to anyone .
didn't work , phone kept falling .
good game but having to spell out the answers is somewhat difficult without a dictionary nearby . good potential though .
can't stand this app . where's the espn la one ? ! . won't bother to load this thing either . blab !
what i received was a shower wand not a shower head . its garbage
picture is not the same as it's product . i do not like it . there is no strings on the bottle . a
she moves to losse her job then she finds love in a few ways . it is a great love story .
not impressed . game boots you out , graphics are low quality . takes too long to quot earn quot coins to buy more items .
i bought two of this watch for my kids . the slap of both does not work and can not wear .
this fit great and served the purpose but the white on the outer edge gets dirty quickly and looks terrible .
i was disappointed by the small amount of chocolate in each of the small tins . its just not a good value
the quality is too cheap . the zipper is not strong . they are already in the trash . it is not worth it .
do not even think of buying them . it has very very low quality materials that's why they are so cheap
very inferior and flimsy . not really worth it . found better at a local accessory shop . very disappointed . would not recommend
demands lots of purchased extras to enjoy any truly enjoyable gameplay . no real creativity or originality in the gaming model
very bad , unsupportive for galaxy s .
it did not work with my iphone s at all .
the camera does not work , this giving a memory error c i feel cheated .
so far after boxes i see no improvement , one box to go . will add another coment after last box .
horribly proof read almost laughably so . some good research , but written so poorly it's nigh unreadable .
there are no illustrations in the kindle version of this book . an illustrated book is not much without the illustrations .
do not be deceived . the dial is not red but hot pink . lost . in shippng this item from london .
this is not the original text . there are references to vcr's and cellphones . no telling what else has been altered .
these connectors are marked with polarity symbols , but it is impossible to honor the marks and still make two conductor connections .
the description says the the belt is black however , the belt and the little jacket are a dark chocolate brown .
no respect for wendy davis , who tells women to do as i say , not as i do . go texas pro lifers !
truly bad film , across the board . i was looking to kill two hours and this actually made them pass slower .
i received bootleg dvd . i did not realize i was paying for bootleg dvd's .
this is the last stuart woods book i will purchase . the stone barrington series has become too absurd predictable .
awful . too small , see through and bottoms were missing . returned !
this thing is ridiculous . i won't want to be will a woman that could handle this thing !
it easily scratches and the color is peeling .
lots of empty windows pop up , written in engrish , and minimal instructions . also screen gets too small to see easily .
really disappointed . not what i was expecting from this caliber of actors and actresses .
cost was great but cover did not fit tablet . keeps coming off on corners .
garbage bad image quality and slow videos x x x x x x x x x x x x x
before you buy this , be sure it covers the new chspe test that is due to come out fall
the show might be very entertaining but the cd is quite boring with only one song worth replaying .
redundant and anticlimatic .
this music is tired and sounds likeissac or orbison on a very bad day . yawn .
every time i try to get into it it it blacks out and it ticks me offdon't get this app .
wrong color !
stickers are hard to remove and are very uncomfortable , will only work for very small breasts . not practical at all
poor battery life , on the large side for laser , probably would look at another option . very sturdy though
not wornot workin not working not workingg not workingkin not working not workingg not workingjust a very funny at all
each cord worked for days and died .
i was looking for recipes all it had was pictures of what you could bake in their special pans !
i echo many others . not interactive , not fun , just frustrating . if you could actually play it , it would be great .
awful item , waste of money , see through cheaply made .
compre este dvd y para que me gusto la calidad de la imagen es buena yo le doy estrellas
the writing just doesn't measure up to anything above amateurish and pedestrian . better luck next time .
within months the engravings are already worn out and it's hard to see . it already needs to be replaced .
worst s ever . don't ever buy these . my five year old says they suck too . these things r the worst .
junk . fell apart within weeks . terrible quality . should have known by the price . this product is crap , plain and simple .
the size of the blocks are toooooo big for baby to grab them .
i purchased this wireless mouse for my granddaughter for christmas . it had already stopped working in less than months .
i was curious to see what a girl from mars looked like . mars women seem to be very bad actresses .
had this product for days and it went dead . don't waste your money .
where the fairies dwell was to slow for me . i took it off my kindle . too hard to see thanks
i got a bunch of chapter pamphlets and not the book . that was not in description of what i purchased .
there was nothing in this book that was any different from the other tons of info that i read online .
the print is too light . it's readable but its not the readable from a new cartridge . not putting out enough toner .
it barely fit me and the bottom just but nearly stopped at my butt . i wouldn't suggest this to anyone .
chose these but they didn't work out for pedaling the trainer , so used the other pedals that came with it .
even my kids would not drink this ! this was awful , smells like a locker room and tasted like salt . yuck !
charger worked for maybe two weeks and it won't anymore . cover works great now i'm out of a charger . unhappy
why was this even ported ? fps controls are not meant for any tablet . uninstalled this almost immediately after getting it .
beautiful coat but very small in arms and whole coatvery small if fromchina you have to be petite
have used it for weeks and no noticeable difference . it doesn't work . will be returning the unused portions .
the package was incomplete as no hardware was sent . also the finish was somewhat on the rough side .
it came beaten , the support coming bent and thus the cans out fired when trying crush . so bad so bad
this was a waste of time . this goes on my top list for worst books read by me ! ugh
larger than i expected . won't work for my intended purpose . maybe i missed reading the size in the listing . ?
this watch isn't elegant , it is for an elephant . my watch is much better than this piece of junk .
i have only had this days and it has stuck and will not count steps or change modes twice .
don't get it it is a cheap lens and feels like plastic and its loud
disappointing . hard to catching up with . laaaaaaaaaaacking . could have been a good story , but too confusing . definitely need to be reviewed .
i can not say is good or bad . did not make a difference in me , it may work for others .
this reads like a fairy tale
disappointing and at times boring enough to skip parts . i expected more from this writer .
i never received this book i wanted it for my kindle but for some reason i didn't get it . disappointed
didn't find these cases any cooler than a standard case . will no buy again and don't really recommend to anyone .
was not over all impressed with this book . the charters were strong , but the lines were everywhere . it was okay
very noisy !
plug it in , wait for the driver to install . nothing . don't buy this . it's a waste of money . horrible . useless . scam .
love this game but it freezes a lot and is not high speed . disappointed in the quality of the program .
these shoes are not at all comfortable to walk in , even short distances . would never buy again . worse than barefoot !
i originally gave this a good review . i have used this a handful of times and the motor has burned out .
maps are hard to use . not sure how to navigate the app . wish there was a better way or more instruction .
the quality of this shipment was not what we always buy . wrong description of this product in the product overview .
they can not handle a standard stereo very good with out making them have a rattling noise from the speakers
i did not order this item ! i don't know why it came and i returned it .
poorly plotted with twists thrown in and no constructive pattern . not recommended except no charge . should be half as long
service from amazon was fine but disappointed with fan performance . two out of three fans did not work properly .
good seller , fast shipping . not one regret even as i had doubts before i purchased the item . i love the product
first book i have read by this author and i was not veryimpressed . too much meaningless conversation , notvery realistic .
i put the batteries in turned it on . no light . i do not recommend this light to anyone . piece of crap .
playback volume and quality is relatively low . i was embarrassed presenting recordings to my peers when compared to their equipment .
all i can say is this is no where near as good as the army of darkness comics .
pretty graphics , poor results !
i broke it twice during final adjustment . be careful , no parts available . chinese manufacturer . got what i paid for . , works fine
it seemed like something's were spot on but otherwise it wasn't too helpful . some facts and pointers worked wonders .
the picture is deceiving , not what i expected for the price
it looks good and it fit our couch but once you sit in it , it will fold downward and buckle .
they may look good on you , but they didn't fit me well . i have trouble finding pants that fit well .
atencion venezuela este telefono no sirve g para digitel solo para movistar y movilnet . me estafaron las especificacion no concuerdan
just wasn't what i was looking for . it'll do til i find something else . hard to judge from pictures etc .
as with other reviewers , this product was way too big . the sizing should be corrected . we needed to return this .
pretty ok but not that great . just challenging enuf but not that great sorta easy but frustratingly simple too and
will not stay together keeps falling apart , cannot use serrated knife , too long . do not buy this is terrible
the zipper broke first time used . i do not recommend it . otherwise , it would have been a good buy . unfortunate !
the reel broke when i was puting line on it do not buy unless u hav a spare reel .
i tried this product over and over and over again . i still have both moles that i tried to remove .
i could not play this game anytime at all without having to buy more coins , which i do not do .
this product is probably ok for an average person but is not large enough for a inch waist .
this cable is horrible . it broke as soon as i took it out of the box . dont waste your money .
i'm giving this rating a star will be because it wasn't red , it was a pinkish color . thank you
really bad movie ! watched first minutes and thought it was dreadful and went back to browse another movie
title says it all . i contacted them and it may have finally got the ball rolling on their end .
the charger worked for five minutes , it quit and does not work . totally dissatisfied with the product with this product .
this was not what i needed . it was too difficult to replace myself . at least it didn't cost much .
this is not a real technomarine . it is a fake , probably made in china . complete rip off .
it can't ingest peppercorns , the gap is too small . will only work for salt , or items of very small size .
cheap plastic , pressure pads missing and broken . a waste of . it sure looked goog on shark tank . real junk
it's not a case . just a shell . you can't put your phone in it
i love ken follett but not this one . i got through it but his other things are so much better .
i tried to apply with a paint syringe and it is too lumpy and it jammed . doesn't glow very well .
piece of junk !
we spent big money on these and they are made cheap and break too easy , markups like these ate killing us
this is a fantasy knife its brittle metal and it came with scratches and a bent tip itnwas complete bs
i love it . it's new and free . it's education analogy . you'll learn more information about jackie robinson . love it so much more than others .
i would buy something else . this product should be discontinued . i don't know why people gave it such good reviews .
no pictures some present , awkward table of content . in all , very unpleasant to read in kindle format .
sort of childish
i returned it . very unhappy with this order , i can't believe that , they shipped a open box item as brand new .
he's a joke and should retire from music and act with kim . next stop for him should be reality tv
i missed this book when it first was published and wish i had missed it when i read it recently .
these do not work . they don't attach to the surface and immediately begin to peel off .
it's a lot smaller than it looked in the picture . hard to read the words . the quality is good though .
the back of the show cut my anklemy other shoes with a high back do not cut into my foot
unless you are a small child and just looking to see a cartoon . i was hopeful but it needs work .
doesn't work . wish i'd read reviews before purchasingshould have bought cannon cartridgeswaste of money don't buy this product
my product arrived damaged and the seller will not respond to emails . please refund my money !
did not realise this was aspaghetti western . takes the gloss of . still story was good . and plenty of action . ken
it broke after using it for an hour of pressing pomegranates , casting broke . wanted to buy another but changed mind .
trash can first week . no good . the case is just for looks and offers no protection not worth the money
this game is not anything like i thought and it kept freezing up on me . not worth trying to play .
don't like the tie up
did not fit in light that uses battery !
i recently ordered for my three dogs and two of them were great . the third one had the embroidery crooked .
good concept didn't fit the plug in looked lik a micro plug but wasn't . too bad cause it looked useful .
this worked twice and then it could no longer be read . spend a few more dollars and get something better .
used it a couple of times started to fall apart and had a fire in microwave . would not recommend it ,
the camo came off with in two days will not order these againg
if your not putting this on a white wall forget it looks cheap . should be a clear background unhappy customer
i still have not received this yet ! where is it at ? i have ordered this a long , long time ago !
but this watch was too cheap and cheesy to actually ever consider wearing except maybe a toughman competition or similar
does not work with windows . u can't make something into something it isn't . it was not really my error .
not exactly like in the picture . disappoints me every time .
this app doesn't rotate to the orientation of the kindle . i deleted it . still looking for one that works better .
confusing operation , charger blew up in the first week , rd week stopped working , did not worth time and money spent
this may fit the phone but it doesn't allow room to plug in the charger or head phone jack . disappointing !
has anyone tried importing data from quickbooks to turbotax ? that dog wont hunt .
not the best illustrations .
the cover did not fit my swing . same brand as the swing , so thought it would , but didn't .
i thought i was downloading the game . the description was not clear that it was a guide to the game .
i purchased another that cost a bit more and it worked perfectly . i guess you get what you pay for !
we were disappointed that there seemed not to be enough rum flavor .
wow , that was a disappointment . i liked the last two , but this one stunk .
i was expecting more detail . there was nothing new in this book . i could have written it myself . shame really .
the plastic screen mechanism disintegrated . this coffee press is poorly designed , meant to break after months .
only about a dozen choices
the headphones worked for day . was glitchy with mac products . plan on returning .
i got through all of the puzzles in a matter of minutes , its fine but needs many more puzzle options
it writes ok . can't say it was as brilliant as my other bic pen which i bought some time back .
shame on you energizer this is a ripoff . won't run a trail camera two days . will never buy energizer again .
i bought pair , both died in about weeks .
i have the same product , but in a smaller bottle , and for this one . fish dont eat it . thats it !
please don't buy . i bought three . one won't stay inflated , one is oblong , only one is ok .
i really just thought they would be a little bit bigger . but that was my mistake . other than that . they are very nice
i still didnt get it . and i really dont even want it anymore , i just want my money back . honestly .
just not my type of game but i would not say others should try it and for their own opinion .
this flute is made very cheaply . the colored string wrappings move around loosely and the flute is of poor craftsmanship .
there are episodes missing . episode , , , , and . you shouldn't call it season when it's incomplete . again false advertising !
not funny .
doesn't taste as good as i thought it would be . but its still good candy .
is really suck . spend doest work . feel like get cheat . read all reviews before buy . is not really work for every person . suck .
love spell seemed promising , but it was quite the opposite . a bit too peachy for me . strange unpleasant scent .
very little bordering on no scent is released from these tablets and i would not but it again .
do not like books with short stories .
this game is not fun at all . i mean y would people wanna make jumps when they can barely ride
and i was too late to return it when i finally tried to place it on my inch macbook pro .
it did not work when i plugged it in when i received it and plugged it in . it was defective
it never caught one bug and we had hundreds . very disappointed . didn't work inside or outside . i wasted my money .
the shaft was bad and broke the first day it was used . we have since reshafted it . it is now better .
but they didn't last more than a month . i was totally disappointed . wish i had gone with the metal ones .
not at all like the photo on the internet , and the length is not on the shoulders as shown . too short
i didn't order these nor could i return them . i was just charged for these when i made another order .
this product is horrible . it broke within a month of me having it and it is also very flimsy . unenjotable
keep getting unknown error code during installation . facebook has not gotten back to me after weeks and reports .
all teh hipe on this produce ! it did not do anything for me at all . would never buy it again .
ordered queen , package said queen , received king , poor quality , will use to cover plants to avoid frost , not worth returning
as of this moment everything's fine . have not had it long enough to have any other assessment .
the plastic ear hook broke within the first week . i would not recommend this product to a friend . period .
to simple and predictable . no suspense or surprises . ok for easy reading . would not read books by this author again .
pointless and disappointing . don't waste your money . really a stretch on the part of the author . not worth the money .
the phone charging mechanism broke within months . no us manufacture warranty on the phone . i wont recommend this phone .
didn't fit quite right . seem to run small . not the quality i thought they would be so i returned them .
does not work
received with the apple not attached . was supposed to be a gift for a teacher .
looks like a clown shirt not what i expected at all the cuffs are made of card board or something
this sonnambula has everything to recommend it except genius , wit , and charm . what a disaster !
it's tiny . it comes all jumbled up . i wish i could return it .
a size to big . order but was bigger and wider .
it was not the color that was shown on that item listing . completely different . very disappointed , wrong color wrong color
too much sex scene , kind of gross ! better save money for other good books . kind of cheap and unworthy .
this does not work and is just a mix of random herbal powders , a total waste of time and money
this dryer was great while it worked . today after less than months , it just died . a waste of money !
i am really disappointed on this product . i wanted to return it but they don't allow me .
i found that the pillow was very uncomfortable and did not prevent snoring . i was able to roll onto my back .
i don't like because it is of poor qualitymalo porque el envio tarda y aparte no es original sony
this product is cool , don't get me wrong . however i found it ridiculously over priced for what you are getting .
it is pk but the large nutri bullet book is better . the nutri bullet large book spots juices against disease
i cant find a way to view radar map . good to get hourly forecast but what's weather watching without radar ?
and there was no help available to get to access it ! very disappointed ! you really need to work on this !
nothing about this worked . glad i checked this before giving for xmas . now i have the headache of returning it .
the drop down boxes don't engage and then it tells me i need to complete the missing field before continuing
i'm disappointed it's actually falling apart . i guess i got what i paid for .
i heard about these suction devices . they just don't work . they are a waste of money and can't be returned .
terrible quality , it not only showed up broken already , but ripped apart upon a simple tug . don't buy this product .
the glass looked like a tall tulip shaped candle holder rather than an elegant martini glass . not what i wanted !
after one day , plastic clip broke and it dropped my oz of mt dew . thanks for ripping me off nite ize .
i thought the characters and their interactions were akward and unrealistic . the plot had potential but overall it fell flat .
not made in usa ! this tape is made in taiwan . i can buy much cheaper asian electrical tape than this .
the run just like panty hosei was a bit disappointingthe fit is good and nice to have the length
actually , the book is just fine for small children . simply not detailed enough for grown ups . little girls will rejoice .
so so
in less than a month six have already quit working . don't waste tour timeor money with this item trust me .
this is a blend of coffee , and has a weak flavor , the italian roast is much better
the worst smell
i was disappointed by this movie . no funny jokes , no interesting plot or characters , .
i unfoutunately bought bags of this stuff and and not seed sprouted . would not recommend in sw states .
this book gives description of income nothing more . i felt let down on content . the book provided on different kinds
it's not horrible , but its not great either . its just another random free game that i installed on my kindle .
the clarity is poor and there are folds in the glass . i could have found a better product at homegoods .
only stars . not one of the better books . i was greatly surprised and disappointed . normally much better story line .
i used this product to replace empty cartridge and it did not work . streaky printing . printed only every other line . buy somewhere else
i thought this item was made in the united states . i was disappointed to find it was made in china .
when i got it didn't work ! would not buy another one . went some where else and got sonething that works
they were very dim when i got them and burned out very quickly . i could barely tell they were on
it didn't fit into my cell phone . this is all i want to say about it it did not fit .
not happy it broke in days
just get urself a thermal goggle , this is just a oz bottle of distilled water .
just silly . i guess 'romance' novels are just not my thing . a book club choice . please let's not do this again !
slips and slides . sent it back .
the smalls are big for small . no extra small available , so eliminates pretty much all dogs less than pounds .
its too tight you need girl finguers to fit in it
it provides my phone no protection , keeps coming off of my phone ! you would be better off getting defender case !
theives . they never sent my carabiner . i wont buy anything from como again . what a waste of money this wae .
could be a lot more enjoyable if it weren't for the glitchy ads which crash the game every few rounds .
hurt bewteen the toes , thought it would not when the shoe was more but on sale right now . pretty shoe .
came with lots of praise . unfounded unless you are ten years old . no way is this comparible to harry potter
it cost to much and had to much sex not enough story line sencond third book did not disapoint all
film did not work , and there was no expiration date printed on the box . very disappointed , waste of my money !
lose shape after a minute of wearing washing and drying does not seem to improve the quality . would not recommend .
item very heavy and my wife says too large for her hand . this is a man's knife .
no results or changes . went back to the old fashioned ways of losing weight etc .
product didnt work , just that simple . so that puts it in the junk category as far as im thinkingpure junk
the coating on the outside of the pans is chipping off they cook ok but now they look like crap
the cord came apart with first use , at the usb end , and didn t charge properly . looks cute , but poorly made .
this runs very much smaller than the size indicates . it looks like it is made for a child or teenager .
the bigger fluffier face brushes shed horribly , the smaller eye and concealer brushes i love , they don't shed at all !
not a good read ! and i mean really don't waste your money on this ! but the sex will make you laugh !
the first day we used it , it ripped along the seam . i expected better quality from an expensive disney product .
boring and overrated .
doesnt not fit . the case keeps coming apart . very disappointed . when you open it the piece don't stay together .
a complete waste of time and money . i have several refill sprays if anybody wants them .
stupid story terrible spelling grammar just plain awful reading .
i never got it , i wish i couldve tracked it that really helps manage things when you can track them
found a couple tasty recipes but book is much too short . i have to agree that they are inexpensive and easy .
this is merely an app to record programs ! thumbs down ! garbage . i do not recommend this app to anyone .
piece of junk . too inexpensive to return . was thrown in the garbage . can not hold battery due to design flaw .
it broke in two days and it was damaged
thrift safety giving such chubby hug getty street stuff fund bfn can share cyber ghost cherry funny brunt cyber city
this is not worth the time it took to load and it sure is not worth any time spent reading .
one of the guns was broken so we did get not full use of the game so it became boring
hanes pack comfort soft waistband boxer brief p were not as expected , raw pink , not as in the picture raw
just flat stopped working . i need more works apparently to describe how it stopped working . it stopped working . end .
yes i bought two and they didnt fit
the kick stand in back broke already ! only had it for maybe a month ! make it better quality please , thanks
i'm not sure exactly how long this is supposed to keep kids occupied , but it lasted all of minutes .
i felt like i was reading an article instead of a book . there wasn't enough depth to it for me .
can't figure out how to get it mounted , directions aren't very clear and it didn't come with any written ones .
stop trying to trick us into buying theatrical releases when we all know an extended version is on the way .
i purchased two and both were bad out of the box . good product descriptionlook good . but they didn't work !
it did not fit my computer
it is not what they say it is , it does not charge your phone well at all .
i have to sell the ryobi saw . this battery is good only for a few minutes of use . not happy !
get a different brand or wait a week and . do it anyhow . these are junky .
bought , first one would not hold paint , the second one broke as soon as i had it put on .
these extra corks were ordered with a vacuum pump separate item same vendor . they don't work with vacuum pump .
it's too small for the fx . edges are exposeds . it should fit way better than this thing .
unable to make sub lists on the xds like it does on my older kindle fire , making it much less useful .
this is stolen by pd publishing ! free on author's website . do not buy ! go to . to find the story .
this seems to work only intermittently , but it does eventually work and charge my kindle . it's ok , but that's all .
i can't stand this holder . the flip part of it's so annoying . would not recommend this at all !
it s too small , teeneger siza !
it broke with a couple weeks of me using it so i do not recommend buying this headset at all .
took a long time to get into it . the end was okay but not great . fast read . enjoyable . would recommend
this telefhone es good , but it did not bring the memory card that they saythen it is one defrauds .
predictable . no new character . no new plot . no new scenario . no way to avoid the obvious and mundane . boring story .
it only charges my phone for to minutes and that's it ! i don't recommend this product .
the ear piece does not fit well in ear . they fall out and the cord volume adjustment does not work .
have to constantly change the batteries . the batteries only last a couple of times before i need to replace them .
it just doesn't get going , and follows a predictable plot line . i simply couldn't buy the plot and didn't care .
cheap and tacky
did not work on my htc one m or my htc one max it might work on your device tho .
they didn't look like the picture . the material looked and felt cheap . the price was pretty high for cheap quality .
i thought it would be way bigger and when i got it i was disappointed . i returned this baggy .
coat came not even stitched in few places . fabric quality is poor . i returned it .
it would be fine but i ordered the wrong size and cannot use it in my printer . oh well . pat n
fan makes , noises , air just blows , it has no filter at all . basically a piece of just junk .
loaded but would not run , said error and to dowload again and do i have to pay again ?
fogeddaboutit ! these pedals are rediculously heavy , did not install and would have returned but too much of a hassle .
this is a mellow , boring , indistinct coffee . a far cry from the extra bold amazon has it labeled as .
the nozzle doesn't work at all . and so far , i can't get the top off to use it , either !
i installed the seat lid . when you open it it comes apart . i don't like this product , bad , bad , bad , bad
glad it was free ! save your money !
has three quarter bars in my garage but says limited or no activity ? why ? anyone know how to fix it ?
i want the same app i get on my ipad for my kindle fire . this one doesn't do the job .
horrible tasting protein . i had this same one before but this one for some reason just tasted nasty and old !
this night it burnt ! the house could have burnt ! i where this product is manufactured ? very dangerous product , be careful
recent players who are good get included , many great players from bygone eras get totally neglected .
not user friendly at all . best place it works is in my home itself , and what's the point of that ?
the top of the water bottle cracked after using it three times . now when i shake the bottle , it leaks .
too much content on body touching , made it boring . ending was too predictable at the very beginning of the book .
boring ! it was nothing but quotes from magazines . it didn't even have the articles . i've never seen anything more boring
terrible book for anyone who works in imperial units . also , none of the drawings are to scale . a half hearted attempt .
hair pulling in every story . spanking in every story . so lame . i could call this the story that never happened .
i paid almost nothing for this pendant , and like the old saying goes , you do get what you pay for .
i read it and it was so boring . this book has no action . should have a medal . also very confusing
this broke easily and i has no battery life hour max do not ever get this product . .
does not have hole for taking pictures ! cannot turn ipad off without removing holding strap ! seems to be a knockoff !
it wasn't very exciting . i fell asleep while watching it . the killer with a conscious thing is sorta played out .
during physical therapy of the knee , therapist stated heel is too high , creating a poor functionality of leg and knee .
this is not the real herman's hermits ! peter noone herman i think i am the expert on this
to return it i have to have the original receipt which i do not have . how can i return it ?
works fine but left black marks and smudges on the paper . left black dust everywhere else . would not buy again .
after a few weeks the screen saver is all marked up and beginning to peel waste of my money
please order a bigger size , now i can't return them because i already wore them , my feet are killing me !
waste of money dont waste your time or money on this . pure garbage . dosent last long at all . didnt work at all hmmm
millet was broken and very dry ! afraid to even look at it because it might fall apart . birds avoid it !
they r not yellow
meh .
this product works great if you want to have it less than a foot from your leg . end of story .
this movie was just bad . i didn't even finish watching the movie . the first was so much better . so disappointed
it wasn't what i expected . it was ok thought it was going to be a little different xxx xxx xx
i bought the large for my yo and it still fits too small . it fits weird .
horrible graphics , gameplay , storyline , voice acting , and controls . game has absolutely no play value at all . steaming pile of crap .
see the real listing and save a lot of money ! inside macintosh macintosh toolbox essentials apple technical library
no instructions to setup , need to be electrical engineer you need to be a engineer to setup to use it
not much to this movie . lame , unfunny , uneven caper movie filmed mostly in a garage . elsa is barely in it .
the hitch would not fit any of my attachments , the item was well made but wouldn't work for my equipment
camera never worked . i lefted charging overnight then try next day , but never worked , that was a waste of money .
no comment not what i expected
when they said used book they meant it . not in any good condition i have received better .
didn't fit my samsung surround sound speakers and the screws nuts threads stripped to easily .
i would not from here , my coat was like two sizes small than i ask for , thank you
didn't like it . basically refers to president kennedy and his time in office . too boring .
waste of money . failed to act on my dry hair and it was a purchase of total disappointment priced expensive .
part interesting ! part this is taking a while . part please make this book end . please ? pretty please ?
i got a defective model . the beeping would never stop after the machine warmed up . i'm looking for another brand .
we bought this and then found the furminator . buy that instead . it works much better and our cats love it !
not the best fitbuy another product for your ipad air . the item is not the best one for your ipad safety
i did not see any results at all . don't waste your money on this sugar pill . don't believe the hype .
biting fly's don't seem to be repelled by this product . on the other hand , mosquitos seem to be less assertive .
couldnt get any of the videos to load or play or anything , i was pretty let down with this app
would not squeez out of the tube had to use stick to get it out try something else for sure
these knuckleheads can do better than this . the story was way too predictable and the acting was fair at best . the
did not use it because one was supplied with the hood .
does not hold my double edge razor . keeps falling off . use it as a pen stand now .
please see my review on the phone only version no answering machine of this phone . worst phone i have ever owned .
slightly shorter and bigger in diamitwr than n stryke . rock hard pladtic tip .
product worked as i thought it would . problem the shipping was times the cost of the part .
the contents of the cd was totally not what i anticipated . i anticipated comforting music for sick folks . k lam
won't be buying from this vendor again . very dissatisfied with the whole experience . product is ok quality but not great
this was not very clear in the description and it doesn't work with my setup . one two three four five
i found that the cd was not as compelling as the music in the movie . i needed the nostalgic scenery .
too boring , no pictures . very informative though ! i bought it for school only , otherwise i wouldn't have bought it . th
i have not even used the light and it has already started coming apart . very poor quality . would not recommend .
they dont workr
some kinda silly hijinks for the ladies in pursuit of clues . it's an entertaining , but certainly not riveting , murder mystery
did not do what it claimed to do
very thin material . i used outside on a foot pole . overall not that bad based on the lower cost .
cheep , light . don't waste your time .
i have to continually get the food off of the sides and bottom for it to mix in . not impressed .
i only received the first book in the trilogy . where are the other two ?
i took these everyday as directed and they never suppressed my appetite any nor did i even loose one ounce ,
interesting to see another perspective , makes johan seem a little arrogant . if your a lance fan still worth the read .
good .
i was looking for new techniques . i didn't like what was shown . more organic than i like .
us pumice is not a pumice stone and does not work like a normal pumice stone . a completely useless product .
my daughter bought worth of stuff on this game . it is so upsetting but she likes it a lot
havoc was filled with violence and violence . the prequel that i read entirely was violence . i did not finish it .
ntilde othing i have not downloaded for free inthis book . igrave t will work well for a first time loa reader . sorry
did absolutely nothing to my weeds .
great concept . it wasn't an easy read though . some ideas were over explained which made it hard to stay involved
not good or recommended for a lower hind leg injury on a large dog lab . it can be by passed .
first of all the item did not work at all and returned it for refund . nd , it was very large .
bad
doesn't work . aaa fff aaaa iiiiii nnnnnnn eeeee bbbbb weeeees eeeff adejnjf a n dfhujdfno hdshedjuo hnsakihnd n edhhm h
flimsey clip that attaches to the collar . broke off after one week . not strong enough but is a great idea
these did not work well for reloading very unhappy with it broke real easy did not load like it says
dvd image is poor quality and the sound is also . does not meet the live shows nor the simple videotapes .
bubbles don't always come out
the easel broke in less than week !
not what i expected it to be . too much sensationalism and not enough fact . i don't trust him .
will not find satellites this thing is junk . no support on the weekend when we are camping . don't waste your money .
i have never been able to use the keyboard part of it . it never came with the connector or pen .
hi i just purchased da bird and most of my cats do not want anything to do with it sorry
i need the audiobook !
what happened to all the excitement and fun . all this book has is boring farm life .
print size and format made reading difficult . i'm sure it's a great book , but this edition turned me off .
not what i expected
this book is okay but is not worth getting in my opinion . it is okay if nothing else is available .
this game is fun for about ten minutes then it is boring . big disappointment !
not effective on coarse hair . will burn , and still won't remove anything . a waste , and i usually like palmer products .
this chair is not very good quality . the chair broke very easily . i would not recommend this chair to anyone .
they don't last . st pair shorted out after months , nd pair lasted weeks !
cheap cheap material , size l is like size s , too small .
cheap junk . it broke in days . there are much better for the same price . save ur money . don't buy
because it did not work in my blu ray player and i was not told about the restrictions of well
a not so subtle religious , family centric undertone rides throughout the book , lessening the pure entertainment factor for this seemingly light hearted book .
arrived broker
i was a little disappointed with the cd . the songs were not as soulful as i remember them .
if you're looking for steve carlson of the steve carlson band or kane , this isn't him .
not what it says it is . is a stupid puzzle game not a truck driving games . good thing it's free !
not for beginners ! totally not for beginners , will go way over your head from the git go .
i was disappointed in the puzzles in the book , would have liked a wider variety in the games and puzzles
don't waste your money . this product didn't work work work work work work work work work work work work work .
book was required reading for class . ordered prior to the beginning of class . arrived after class ended .
i have had this product on my phone maybe a week and the color is already rubbed off
the case blocked the camera as well as made it difficult to push buttons on the nexus . don't buy .
chick flick all the way . whats up with the charlies angels theme , lameeeeeeeeeeeee !
i want a my money back ! the wall and car adapter death in week
not a good toy . barely worked more than twice . changes batteries and still barely worked . now dead . try sometime else .
my dog destoyed it in less than one night ! i was hoping it would last much longer than it did
oh well , you get what you pay for . an elastic band with a buckle , so it's probly not totally worthless .
poor qualitydon't buy it . after one usage product had brown stains . this product is not stainless steel . it sucks .
not good at all , first time using and already ripped off . can stand a trainning with punch bag . too weak
mismatch doll face and grace is not the product is lost i think i lost money not recommend bad bad
i can't see the use for a pillow cover where only side is quilted .
well the sound is good but my mic doesn't work . i just waisted my money not happy now out that money
the gyro bowl lid doesn't fit properly . food does fall out , it's a hoax . i would not buy this item
not one person , including my yr old grand daughter , can finish one of these bad tasting sweets !
not sticky hello kitty isn't cut out around the edges , i guess they leave that job for you ? dont get it .
to hold smartphone . it couldnt hold my galaxy note . and mount joint was broke down couple a times after back in .
i did not receive the item because they did not get the correct address and was charged for the shipping .
i've tried all sorts of doses and in different situations , however , this product never had any effect on my dog .
my son needed knickers to wear in cooperstown . the pants sent were not shorties as they were suppose to be .
too dark
not what i expected . very pretty . within a week jews all fell off . very poorly made . don't waste your money . please
plastic broke while plugging it in , never worked correctly . keep getting hdd i o errors when trying to write to disk .
i think that fred is the sillyest show someone could watch ! the content is completely void of understanding and comprehension !
the bottom is way to small
although it appears to be original product fails to hold a charge for more than half a day , at best
i received two black cartridges that were defective did not work properly , and also the print quality was terrible !
doesn't line up , made cheaply , doesn't work as it should , since it doesn't line up correctly . disappointed order this time .
fat and bulky and its built cheap
how can this rice be organic if it's hybrid ? that's not possible . this rice is gmo !
it broke when i tried to use it the first time . very poor quality plastic . will not buy these again .
its hard control and it shuts down much i had it min and uninstalled it its terrible
se le da ntilde o el puerto a los meses de la compra
if it works for your dog great but did nothing for my german shepherd , too bad i wished it did
rich little is not funny anymore and his impersonations are getting boring . time to retire !
design is too long to fit in standard v outlet . won't connect . it was a waste of a few dollars .
unmitigatedly depressing . couldn't bring myself to finish it . kept waiting for the ray of sunshine . and waiting . and waiting . and waiting . and waiting . for naught . very disappointed
i really wanted to read this book from the description , but the beginning was too vulgar for me to continue .
i got a completely different set with the same name . we were definitely upset because it was a christmas gift .
wheels fell out during the first use . a brush without wheels works better and you can get in corners better .
this product stopped working after approximately uses . it still powers up but it no longer produces a reading now .
thin , small , and see through .
i found this to be macabre . i'm a big fan of patterson , but decided to not purchase the full book .
how do i have this replaced . am i stuck for . with no place to make this right . bernice harmyknaples . florida
the flower is much smaller than i anticipated . you could hardly make it out . you get what you pay for .
good design but poor material . i have another one of these from a different manufacturer has much better material , cordura .
this purchase was for a samsung galaxy note but it look like you'll are sending me galaxy s
its too bulky , the picture is miss leading about the size and color . i was very dissapointed when i got it .
too many similar shells , some were broken . would not buy again because i got a better deal at a craft shop .
i was hoping for a gel . this is a cream that seemed to dry the ends of my hair out .
hoped it might be in the jane austen vein but twas not to be . don't waste your time with this .
the game doesn't work , the dino just walks around with the camera circling around . any instructions would be help full .
this tastes like rubbish , but french women drink it anyway for some odd reason . acquired taste is right , blech !
i gave the author chapters to impress me . benefit of he doubt the subject was not my usual genre .
smells like everything out there . this cologne really doesn't stand out from any other cologne out there . i expected more from davidoff .
directions to play unclear do not like the game will delete
as i expected . very pleased . would suggest to others looking for a non irritating deodorant . smell is very mild and goes on smooth .
the sheet ripped the first day i used them , i did not like . i will never order them again . gwendolyn ashley
these batteries are not any good . just purchased them and they don't keep a full charge to run my appliances .
this product was made of a very cheap material that ripped as it was being put on the gazebo .
nope , no yaoi . no answers either . the ending is disappointing . someone was in a rush to finish it .
good case but charger won't insert well and looks like a sticker on a white case . won't order again
it's odd , but this brand doesn't seem give the same allergy relief . would not buy again . would prefer a refund !
this battery does not hold the charge . fully charged i get about hours of use from it .
had them professionally installed weeks ago and now one stopped working and the pther won't show red .
i fell asleep about minutes into the video . started out okay but , lost interest . needed more substance about auschwitz .
uninstalled couldn't get it to work . don't know what i did wrong . would love to hear from others about this .
less quality then expected . thin and stretchesmuch too longdidn't like itcheep lookingdidn't last longalready throune away
you get what you pay for . cable stopped working after a month . does not work on my ipad ver .
stopped working after about a year . when it did work it never got that cold .
the ring is beautifully designed but it turns my finger green . i wish it came in a different size also
while it was an ok read , too much of each book was taken up in rehashing material from previous books .
mine was a total piece of junk . must of lasted a max of hours pulling only a minimal load .
very disappointed that this file cart could not accommodate legal size folders as well . had to send it back .
did not lift my trailer enough to get the other tire off the ground . would someone like a free paper weight ?
total length is . inchesit is a plastic model kit , not a toy to play with . enjoyment is puting it together
wall charger worked great for the firs tfew months , now it doesn't work at all . wont order this item again
i was warned about gerber sizing bit i didn't listen . order a size bigger than you think you will need .
very bad product would not recomend this . handel to large , sprayer no good . very sorry i purchased this . not happy at all with this .
did not contain state return , so i had to pay an additional in order to compute my state taxes .
the mascara was dried out when i got it .
not made very well , but my son loves it .
says for all in tablets but only fits kindle , tried it on three different brands ! nexus , galaxy , nextbook really nice cover though .
seemed like a fine phone , but it only worked for a week . the base station will not turn on anymore .
i find it hard to change the number in a square . sudoku game available . not happy with this one . ! there orbetter
this is a dreadful romance novel . could not get past the first few pages . glad it was free on kindle .
i hate these pay to play games , it is like stealingpretty easy to make things imposable until one pays
game didn't work , no return possible
this item came broke . the adapter and the cord disconnected every time we tried to unplug it from the wall .
too confused and poor choice of characters and a rather difficult to believe topic becomes boring after a whileof readeing
quick easy read , but not intellectual or beyond knowing how it will play out . easy to see the ending plot . nice
i ended up returning the item , as it did not fit the o scale coal car that we have already .
screen died within weeks had to return it . think i will go in another direction .
preview should say it's pictures only . glad i didn't pay for it . maybe a good children's book . i love cats .
the colors are so much darker in the actual print i received . this photo looks much lighter and much better .
the face is just too big
the price don't fit the quality . it's look like a cheap work from china . the price requirement don't fit the quality
i never received this product yet , though paid in full weeks ago . please follow up
very hard to understand as it was written in old english unable to preview it before purchase .
kinda mindless . just something to read on a beach or if you don't have anything else to read or do .
very disappointed . they are not the bright orange it shows in the picture . they're more of a full greenish orange .
failed first time , leaking through connection between clear plastic holder and base . one hour and a half clean up time . trashed .
i like his overall contention , but it was a bit too full of military detail for me , an average female .
terrible quality ! no for the price , fits bad also . very cheap fabric , does not look as pictured , would not reccomend
bad . bad waist band . attracts fuzz and dust and fur . too small .
this is garbage . i was looking for a texting app to replace the crap one att installs . this is not it .
didnt even really play this but it might be fun i really have no idea . it might be fun it
our standard patio umbrella wobbled all over the place . returned it immediately . not recommended , it wasn't heavy enough at all .
when tried to buy it , the game crashed . i love this game on the ipod , but not kindle . oh well
sirously the item sucks theres no way for you to replace the glass with out braking the lcd screen
i would not recommend because it is not a gospel soundtrack and only has very few songs that are good .
flat characters one dimensional writing a big disappointment . i really wanted to like this , but i just couldn't do it .
worthless . dont bother you can just tap your foot and it would work better . very cheap and poorly desinged
made out of cheap materials , the side of the bag ripped open within three days of use . do not buy .
stay away from this production . the performances are uninspired and the sound quality is dismal . a total dud .
broke after just a couple uses . and didn't have to stretch it as the distance was just a few inches .
it's just a bigger version of tuscan whole milk fl oz . no usb ports . doesn't support flash . lame .
i got a size and my shoe is a . the shoe tree does not fit , it to big .
product already doesn't work .
device is as displayed but i need to have ac powered with battery backup for the application i have at .
to smal
bought as part of gift , washed and they look feel horrible ! waste of money ! so sad i ordered these !
only one good song finish what you started . rest is junk rock ! haggar does well but song quality is very poor !
it does not work as well as they claim . the directions do not produce edible items . i do not recommend .
this is the worse nutra nail in the market , it does not work , the worse , do not waste your money
although i purchased the blu ray dvd version , what was sent to me was the blu ray . this was discovered this last weekend .
had to return , too small to fit normal crib size . about a foot to short for our standard size crib
downloaded , deleted , downloaded , . and still won't work ! i have it on my ipad and it is fun . not this one .
save some time and find another movie to watch ! save some time and find another movie to watch !
i would not purchase this item we have not even had for months and already it has stopped working .
this collar didn't work on my lab . i'm trying another collar put out by d . t . systems that's working real well .
do not recommend . paint came off after days .
poor quality material . after about cuts the edges dulled . not fun to use anymore .
large zipper on back of pack broke first week ! very disappointing for my fifth grader . still usable but not ideal
didn't do anything . hadn't seen a difference with and added exercises for better results . blah blah blah blah blah blah .
this grifter is hiding from reality all right , as well as from the truth , victims of her scams creditors .
to long
we did not watch it could not get sound . sound quality was nil . disappointing . film quality was not sharp .
do not waste your time or money on this video . poorly edited and slapped together with no penetration or flow .
couldn't open this app
not worth the money .
i really wish this product worked as well as it said it was going to . but it does not help .
some of the tubes were dryed out and could not get the glue out
with such an excellent cast like this ! why does this movie suck ? why , you ask ? no plot , that's why . don't bother .
love this app . n n b bbc b bbc b b b bbc bbc b b 'm n n .
not doc ford , but skill of story telling . enjoyed reading it , but older books better told . think i'm done here .
doesn't charge fast do to thin wire and the connection to my phone is loose . wouldn't recommend to a friend
i pay for the app , and they make me wait to play levels in the update i just downloaded ? not acceptable .
takes way too much effort to insert , and most pieces dont have a place for them . do not purchase these .
lasted miles . save money and headache buy skf , nsk f . a . g or thimken .
deicide sucks , this dvd shows they can play live music but get a singer who can at least talk .
we were told by friends that the product i bought really brought them relief . unfortunately , i didn't have the results .
works but only makes enough ice for large glasses . i would have liked if it could have held more .
out of are working fine . the rd failed on the very st attempt to use it . very troubling .
the cube is to small and the sound is horrible not what i expected at alldo not buy this
big and bulky , it only fit s
without warning , suddenly , nothing worked ! returned it . naturally , i will try another product because i was enjoying the induction method .
just another housewife that thinks she can write . self indulgent and poorly written . aviva needs to put the pen down !
flaky and broke within a week . the product is poorly made . not worth spending your money . wish it were better
the swivel clip was very weak and fell off my belt quite easily several times .
this is so basic that someone who can not think beyond a year old might like it .
after wearing the bracelet for a few days it got a dark color to it and it started to smell .
all of the upper right corners of the book's cover and pages were bent . i had to send it back .
if you already have the hands on bible then you don't need this book . the pages are exactly the same .
not a good app for me . after i opened it i became confused , and i couldn't find a help screen .
literally . none of it works . i tried changing batteries , but still nothing . died after about minutes , very very disappointed !
unless you have the very thinnest yoga mat or a very short one , it will not fit in this bag .
bought this for a christmas present and the door doesn't even open to put a dvd in .
imo this was a misleading ad . not happy with this purchase and has to go out and but again elsewhere .
the clay came hard and wasn't able to be used . buy this product with caution . i do not recommend this .
sleeping bag not made very well for the price . thought there was a spiderman sticker on flashlight . tent was ok .
again , another outstanding book on the history of germany for history enthusiasts . everyone should read it . go go go go .
one cartridge does not work disappointed for the h
the case is hard to get on and off and breaks easily , there are other options that work much better .
it cannot function mic . i just threw money out . please donate to poor people istead of to buy this product .
the book is really showing it's wear . i'm disappointed that it looks so bad . it's time to replace it now .
i am sending this back . it feels good , but looks cheesy and it sheds all over everything . don't bother , please .
scratched up immediately on the inside with use of a whisk , but are staying nice on the outside at least .
small hard to handle
if i had a thinner barbell than this would've done the trick , but unfortunately its too small for my barbell .
wires inside unit were damaged and need repair and english translation was terrible , claims changeable tunes . cannot change tunes .
still looking for the original song and artist . these artist really made the song a energetic , upbeat and feelgood peicethanks ! !
the material is really nice and would be great but it's too small for a standard crib . what a disappointment
it never worked had to send it back and go to the store and buy onedon't waste your money
this says with connect plus but it didn't have an access code and i ended having to purchase it seperately .
not a very complete commentary and too many repeats for the same verse . was not completely happy with this book .
shanks are all under sized . worse the shanks are also tapered . will not work in die grinder as they pop loose .
it's like reading fifty shades of grey and not as well written . big disappointment ! will not recommend it to anyone .
product unsafe shound not me sold not allowed in california wash hands warning bad odor from packageodor persisted for days
didnt really like this app . i donnt find it usefull not very specific and vluable information available like webmd is
these do not work . they are cloudy and streaked . they do not go on correctly . into the trash these went .
wrong part as is states it fits the gmc suburban however it is not the correct one for mine .
adapter will restrict keep you from being able to focus near infinity or at infinity . the lens focuses fine without adapter .
lasts for seconds then reapply , worthless buy . eros is much better then this stuff , not worth your money . .
this app request private log information as well as discovers known accounts using network access that can transmit data ! why ?
didn't get the right one . didn't even want it .
they were all melted together when they arrived . was not happy with my purchase .
stopped working after days
me and my husband ordered this item by mistake , but i am sure it is a great item to purchase
it's okay , there just aren't many free options to play around with . i think i will be deleting this app .
tried multiple times to download and install the game and it never would download . wasted my time on this app .
too early expiration datetoo bad theexpired items should not be in sales . very disappointedwould not be bought later
this music was fairly uninteresting . aida the lion king represent much richer disney scores .
when i received the iphone car charger it was damaged didnt have the piece on the tip that plugs in
had this app for my kindle fire . once the update came , my kindle froze and stopped working . fix this problem !
boring
one packet of seeds has come up but not growing . the other packets never came out of the ground .
the constant background music makes it difficult for me to hear . otherwise , fine . seven more words required ? a stupid requirement .
it is the best app ! it is my favorite app ever ! so excited to use ! its great for pranks hahaha !
heard the hype . wanted to try . this is an overpriced way to pay for pineapple juice , which is the main ingredient .
this is well done , but not as interesting as the most recent willis books about wwii and the london blitz .
this was toooo large . and he is a big kid .
used this pan only three times and non stick coating on bottom is peeling off . very , very disappointed . do not buy this product !
arrived as studs , not leverback . not worth the effort to return . gave them to my granddaughter . still a disappointing purchase .
book is ok , shocked to see that it came from a library and had to pay for it !
i dislike this case . it very cheaply made . falls apart . awful ! do not buy . its a waste of your money .
this is the most flimsy case i have tried . the belt clip pulled loose within a few days usage .
it is like a mc donalds toy or even worse ! it is really small and my son was really disappointed .
way to much violence for this person to handle . thought the violence could of been filter to say the least .
acer service is nonexistent . do not , do not , do not buy an acer notebook unless you need a paperweight
bought this nyko intercooler and didnt fit my gb ps . just lost money for nothing .
the sloppy alignment caused cutter to bend one of the circular edges . feels heavy and sturdy , but don't be fooled .
it won't play in anything . i'm taking it back to the store and never buying dualdisc cd again .
it is good history on the subject of 'temples dotting the earth , ' but i was looking for something more doctrinal .
it did not work the minute i bought it left it charge for two days thinking that was the problem .
it looks and work very well . use it once and it cames out totally scratched . there should be some protection .
pedestrian , no beauty in expression . far too much repetition . i kept hoping for more insight but this is mostly chronological .
ordered golden brown , color is actually a very light blonde color . this is going back asap . very disappointed in this .
too broad to be of great value for a specific model year .
the little white thingy that holds the different designs doesnt hold them tight at all . they alwasy fall out . doesntwork .
doesnt do anything , suck on it and you get air . don't waste your time or money , try something else its useless
lack of good grammer , ediiting and information promised to reader . vague , confusing and incomplete . some oppinions , i would seriously challenge .
two days and it quit ! i wouldn't waste my money on another one ! spend your money on something made better .
this has a misleading name . its not actual glitter ! its just a sticker that is made to look like glitter .
hilary duff is just somebody who thinks she is good but she really isn't , no talent .
story does not seem to go anywhere . i could not even finish it . i donated it to the local library .
both zippers broke off of the bag
amazon just hiked the price with no notification . it is now much more than the local supermarket . lousy deal !
were not able to hear sample list , which is truly jerked if anyone wanted feddback on this artist
the book stand isn't designed well , it won't hold a book and keep it open .
cheap plastic rack that maybe weighs ounces . too flexible , hard to get a good rack . not a good product .
at degrees my fingers are numb . not what i had hoped for after reading some of the other reviews .
sticky , sugar like tar
both drill bit and tap broke within seconds of use . items were obviously made of cheap material , do not buy .
this was too big and did not fit . so stuck with mickey mouse cover and took a long time to receive .
the xl black did not fit my printer . it leaked all over everything . bad selection . i want a refund asap .
broke the first day and terrible to understand how to set time
nice quality shoes , look sharp . super narrow fit at toes , had to return .
could you help me please , i haven''t received this shoes so far , since of march thanks for your help
devuelto
after a month i lost my pic , i started to reset the card but it didnt work
very short , simplistic and devoid of descriptive narrative . reads like a high school book report . very disappointing and not recommended .
im upset that in the description it says days for u . s deliveries but it takes a month pretty much .
bought this for our nexus but it was too small . didn't close all the way . had to return it
holds a charge for an entire minutes . worthless .
this book was full of incessant rambling , constantly repeating himself to fill the pages . not a good book at all .
all but where dead batteries and of very low quality they must of been in storage way to long
small
doesnt fully charge itself and its very heavy when it works it works have a good day bye enjoy bye
no way this is a plus sized item .
quite a different pace for mr . grisham . the story bored me to tears as it never got off the ground .
zarin's actions which unfortunately for her are all well documented contradict everything in this book . do not waste your money .
not the right
not very useful . fails to hold my phone or mp well . does not clip to dash vent well . clips broke easily .
. the camera was smaller than appeared in the advertisement . buttons were tiny and wrong ones easily pushed . directions difficult to understand .
no recomendado hm polka dot pattern hard case with red heart love design for apple iphone . asdas asd a sd
these do not work . the hp machine does not like them and they do not actually print . do not buy !
not very effective on brass even after lots and lots of rubbing . not worth the trouble of a purchase .
if you're looking for one that you will be using often , invest more money and get a heavier duty model
i don't like the idea of spending money to get clues . have enough fun playing games that are really free .
it is not made in usa . it is made in china .
works great on my samsing sg iii but not on my kindle fire . would not even let me sign in !
this product quit working on our jobsite after weeks . i went online to get a fix . fix didn't work .
not what i had expected , very cheaply made , and too hard to use , very bad item would not sugest to anyonethanks
no
elastic was all twisted and fur was disappointing . i would not recommend this product , not sumptuous , not sumptuous at all .
i need help trying to download this app , i have tired g and wi fi networks , but it still won't download . why ?
i found the writing to be simplistic and predictable . nothing exceptional here . i would not recommend this book to anyone . boring .
not what i was expecting . i think that this product should have been more than what it was . unacceptable product
i didn't get the cable with it . but the card works fine .
this was pretty cheap although you can't tell from the photo . there are others out there that are much better .
unsure if it's a design flaw or if i'm somehow too rough but the rear light broke off the stand .
charger did not work it was defective would not power on and it would not charge the batteries at all
this product failed to mount our new samsung tv , which expects fatter screws than the unit offers , or will accommodate .
i did not like this book at all .
just ok nothing special the rachet broke as soon as i used it wouldn't recommend for the price don't buy
short story it runs fast and quick . it is an ok set up , just not enough to get me into the series .
connects are loose which causes the lights to flicker
a great short story full of deeper meaning . i ordered this on my kindle and really enjoyed reading it .
we ended up receiving an eye lid serum instead of one of the bottles in the picture . it was not nice .
i purchased this for the weather app . if you want news and ads , this is definitely the product for you .
these magnets are very weak and do not hold sockets well . my sockets are still all over my tool box .
this is not a game i perfur this game is for children , i don't play thisgame my son does .
when ever i turn off the power it deleted my progress . other than that it was okstill pretty bad though .
only two of led lites work . go with goal zero product is junk . very disappointed . very very very very bad
poor app
i m sorry this game isnt as good as it was hyped up to be , plus that drm sucks
please disregard this purchase , it was a mistake . delete forever from my files . i dont want to see it again .
i tried to stitch on my daughter's school patch . the needle would not go thru the patch .
this shoe was narrower than any i ve ever seen and i couldn't possible wear it . i am sending it back .
the case was shattered and only held together bc the plastic and the paper . thankfully the disc was not scratched .
i have experienced no improvement with my digestive problems . i am unable to truthfully recommend this product to anyone else .
it is not good . u can not charge apple products at the same time . what a waste of design !
the watch face was so small . the description didn't state the size . looked like a child's watch . looked very cheap !
it ok
great product while it works however stopped charging after months use . i definitely would not recommend this laptop charger !
does not work
don't bye this game cause its to fast . music sucks its horrible you are wasting ur time ok ok . ok
looks like it came from a k mart , but it was not very costly so should have suspected the cheap appearance
. shipping foflmao !
i didn't notice that was not the correct plug for a new macbookpro and now i'll have to return it
it is a good laugh for adult entertainment when drinking . well at least that is what we thought . hehe hehe
this watch does not keep good time i think the battery may be weak . it should have with a new one ?
the shows are so predictable that i quickly lost interest in the series . very much the same old thing . boring , boring
pathetic didn't even touch it its a piece of crap don't buy it your not doing yourself any favor s
it recognized my smart samsung tv but does not connect to it . the connect message never appeared on the screen .
first of all , nazlia ? who named her ? that's a horrid name . let's face it girls , this doll is a witch .
the correct size should be . inner diameter outer diameter . heighti had to return this due to incorrect size .
not as dark for sun and not grey as advertised , green color not appealing . i wish i had not purchase
does not work . could not get sync with any of my devices . i wish the monoprice unit was still available .
torn binding loose pages not as described . i had to repair it myself . dingy pages . of poor quality all around
it tasted like the poppy seedwas bitter or somehow not right when processed , did not taste right in the kolatches .
feels great initially , however after a few hours of wear develops uncomfortable wrinkles and rolls .
unfortunately this charger did not work would not charge my phone .
i ordered . one came to me defective . there are propellers . only work ! i am very , very disappointed .
just boring . nothing that reaches out to grab ones' ears on this release . their next release , powergames wasn't much better .
i ordered this item and only received bag instead of the advertised bags . this was a bit disappointing .
hello everyone . , i have the black ones but these right here hurts my feet and i don't like the color .
too floppy . excitingly realistic and feels and looks great , but not stiff enough for its intended use !
didn't finish . i might some day . but it didn't catch my attention , lucky it was free when i downloaded it .
cheap construction , doesn't perform as well as advertised . the full bag doesn't clip on easily . neither does it stay clipped .
doesn't taste like coffee . too sweet for me . i like a bold dark coffee . wont be ordering this again . done
leakson ends would not buy again
don't like it .
the jacket doesn't fit like a small and the fabric is what i expected ! the jacket is entirely too thin .
contrary to what the description stated , the dvd was region specific and i could not play it on my machine .
gee , i thought this issue was dedicated to barak humor . oh well . great cover art though .
these tasted horrible !
nice idea but after about a half dozen fishing trips to the pool , it stopped swimming ant the kids lost interest .
returned item , tried sets of batteries and it didn't work . should have purchased a more expensive one that worked .
barely bearable to watch . not necessarily providers fault but should have been notivied of the poor quality of this recording . terrible
the product you sent me was out of date and could not be registered or used , therefore , it was useless .
not good quality . too thin . you can see right through them . won't last through the watering season . that gets expensive .
this game is the worst i would give it stars it is horrible don't get this app
these boots were way too big in the calf part . i ususaly love all dr . martens but these were awful .
there is better more thorough information on internet blogs than in this little pamphlet of a book . save the .
buy the chocolate , you will enjoy it . vanilla is just not good but healthy if you can choke it down .
doesn't workdon't wast your moneyi hate ittotaly wast of money and time . don't waste your money and time !
bad repackaged higher than harbor freight freightthis is a workshop iten not a kitchen item
poor quality
this tablet is noticeably slower than the nexus first generation and the extra samsung software is redundant and confusing .
my kids where using it with our laptop and the plastic around it melted and shifted . pass on this one .
buyer be ware ! the interest rates and fee's charged by ge are ridiculous and will add up in a hurry !
i cant believe people actualy take this band serious at all , ive always thought the sounded like weird al .
cd is great . bon jovi lives up to his reputation as a great singer .
this battery stopped holding charge after the first week and handset error message to program the handset keep appearing .
you dont get to put mskeup on the girl , and you cant do anything this is a very boring game .
i didn't find that these made any real difference . used them on my mc sunglasses and helmet visor . save your money .
the brush was not what i expected ! very disappointed
these are so chinsey . not worth the money at all ! do not recommend as barbie's clothes fall off them too .
the pencil color was perfect , but the gel was dried out and not usable . would not purchase this product again .
my husband does not use these because they are too big to use . the handles are hard to hold together .
your price is too high for only lb bag . i can get mazuri lb bag for only . very cheap
no , as a brush it it fine , but the making is just terrible and looks nothing like the picture . funky .
i began to read this book and couldn't stay interested . i didn't finish it and removed it from my device .
cannot be played on le pan tablet running android . because the menus from previous screens are never removed . disappointment !
i got this necklace but chain has knots in it and cannot get them out but do love it so .
i hate it because it says disconnection . i have the wifi on but it said disconnection . so i hate it . really hate it .
i was expecting better than that because the screw is not or should be the bestthank you and i hate
i installed as per the internet instructions not working !
it had an error and would not load . i deleted the app . i will find something else to help me .
did not snap together easily like stated . was a bit of a challenge to put together and was very frustrating
a lot of fluff that could be distilled into a shorter , more concise book
a lot of nudity and drugs . this movie was not good and felt like a waste of time and money .
detail is a bit poor . kick stand is poor . poor material . fit is not bad . poor quality but i'll use this .
i am sure the product is good but no matter how good if it don't fit can't use it . thanks james
this book was not well researched or written . i prefer books by richard dawkins and a c grayling on this topic
it did not work , waist of money . i need to look something better . do not buy it . i do not recomended .
but higher than i thought . i kept them , but wish i would've returned them . search continues . good luck . blah blah
not worth it , it broke , and then i was left with nothing . its pretty and shiny but never again . nope
this dvd is a rip off , songs are edited , and cut off after min into the song .
not fun for me wish it had more words at one time i don' t know what else to say
i have only used this armband twice and it's already falling apart . avoid this product !
the instructions are hard to figure out .
spent hard earned money the lights burnt out months laterbad buy waste of money they do not last
received a defective battery
it only worked for a month . thanks for taking my money for crap . i will not but again from you . thanks
terrible app my child was not even interested . very boring matching game . i would not download even it was free .
these were old and brittle wasted my money . just go buy a new trimmer head . that is what i did .
i didn't like it . flavor was weird and even though it says it's not sweetened it made me feel icky .
not what i got . i got a black piece of crap that will not lock . very unhappy about this order
a very odd , somewhat pointless ramble through a phase out of two children's lives . at times funny , but mostly not .
there was nothing new or creative in this book . i can see why it was free to download . lame !
this pen light did not work when i received it . i tried everything but could not get it to work .
with in minutes the middle chamber separated allowing water to leak into the bag . no way to fix . bummed
the nestle chocolate bars were old , partially melted and rehardened . i will never by this product through the mail again .
sorry guys . no mac compatibility for this baby . it just keeps crashing with iphoto . try something else .
actually i haven't seen this movie but would like to watch it first and then make a rating for this .
i needed to get it for new mexico history at cnm . i am upset that pages are falling out .
on viewing this book , i see it very useful to me . i will surely by one once i come to denmark .
for the price , it is super see through , light , and cheap . it does not flow like the picture looks . diasappointed
small holes only appeared larger . hard to punch holes on leather , for paper or thin leather it works ok ok
this book is nonsense . the characters are naively written and the story is nonsense . not worth anyone's time . don't bother
did not enjoy this complicated drama . too hard to follow and seemed very disjointed . won't watch it again . thank you
it was suppose to be straws there was only
loved it for my bracelet but was disappointed when it only lasted a couple months . i guess quality equals price .
a great tomahawk until it falls out of the scabbard and it is gone . i wish it could be replaced .
i am not impressed with this item . the tomtom doesn't charge properly in the car . would not buy it again .
this screen protector sucks . it does not stick to my phone . i will never get one of these again
this app was to simple for my uses . there is no means to categorize the notes by content or date .
edges were not sewn , so it was starting to fray . it was made of a thin material . i returned it .
there are much better chinese cooking books out there , try anything by kenneth lo if you are interested in authenticity .
returned . software not useable with all the operating systems specifically me touted on the amazon description page .
very redundant , i lost interest after the first three stories . not worth . i would not recommend this book ! !
i didn't think it was so small , even after i measured them . you would need a couple to hold everything .
didn't work
i thought i was getting more than just a sticker .
got broken the very next month i purchesed it . looks nice but it is not worth the money at all .
hints are too expensive
it's ok , but with multi cat house just was not sure if it worked .
this card maker is ok , i used to have a different cardmaker software that i liked better .
i have now opened two packages that failed to smell like coffee . and as expected had no flavor either . very disappointing .
i only chose the star because after few days this begins to stretch and starts to continuously fall off .
jesus chris is not the no . ? even our dating system is based on chris , which influences everybody on earth .
missed this first time . always a great story from stuart woodsnow i have read all of the stone barrington stories .
ok .
does not work with the ipad , i will not recommend this to anyone . please think twice before you buy this .
the dvd worked once . now it will not read . i am not satisfied with this product at all .
not a very flattering shirt or color . pretty boring . not what i had expected after reading the reivews on amazon .
love the lights and the many functions , but they are hard to use with no end to end plug .
not sure they are help ing
logo not centered
awful !
the track listing on website does not match actual audio on cd and i expected more out of disc two .
pendant is very big . does not look too good in person .
usually these are very good but i bought a large pack to give to friends and the chocolate was melted .
jeep grand cherokee limitedwould not connect to bluetooth at all , i tried phone tablet and laptopwould not recommend
to big for me
when you wash it it leaves water spots . will try to rinse with distilled water to see if that helps .
cheap
although it is cute , it only worked for a short while . didn't come with directions . i recommend passing on this .
will not fit through the port on a battery pack iphone case . i've yet to find one that does .
aside from the additional uses , how do they perform as diapers ?
don't buy these crummy bulbs . the bulb died after a few uses of the projector . bought oct died oct
i needed a larger base to put on my deck railing . need to have a welder enlarge it . daveen renner
i tried to download it several times and wasn't able too do it was a east of time and money
great book with accompanying cd . well written with clear step by step instructions .
this product has several disadvantages stop charging after two months . very slowvery cheap coversome applications crashescharger is not standard
very cheap quality . one of the part was broken . went right to the garbage . very disappoint with the purchase .
did not like this lotion at all it dried my skin out horribly even though it does give good color .
return not what i expected .
easy to use
very confusing , plot hard to follow and hard to get into the book . gave it away a quarter go through .
love the card game hated this version . immediately deleted it . don't know if paid game is better or not .
this book is very un informational . i wasted my money on this when i was planning my trip .
crashes when loading htc one
i loved the look , it was a cute piece but it broke apart in about week .
this product was good the first time we used it but it rusted after the first time we used it .
never alone are you ? hehehe yayaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa incase i forgot thankyou
okay all u do is pop people's zits waste of . very disgustingand very stupid
either i haven't figured out all the gimmicks yet or it's truly a dud . need better instructions for us artists !
it would not work on my computer . bad spent money there . i could not find the compatability before i bought .
fairy tale sex . very simplistic plot .
didn't read the songs in it and fall to get something i already had . anyway great songs to rock on
this book was a huge dissapointment . do not be tempted to buy it .
it's not glass it's plasticit's not the size you think it isit is tiny little pieces of plasticnot happy
poorly written and very poorly organized . all of a sudden it completely changes scenes in the middle of a paragraph .
the chain is metal possibly aluminum . the clasps on either end are plastic . this wasn't explained in the product description .
every time you move this , the buttons pop and it starts to fall apart . buy one that is more sturdy !
i ordered damaged . read half of damaged and threw both away . book was terrible rambling poorly written
the ability to play in single player mode has been taken away . i guess i won't play that game anymore .
i like mine craft and horses and i thought if you put it together it would be great but no
i thought that this was a bigger handbag . i was not happy with it .
it sucks
scratches business cards
i had it months and its start to clicking like a bomb get wd drives they last longer
the kit arrived complete , and was easy to install . the part failed weeks after installation . contacted sell for replacement .
its too large and does not fit kindle fire hd . i was very disappointed as it was advertised to fit .
not compatible with ipad . it's supposed to work with new os but doesn't . my ipad said it didn't recognize device .
stay away from this piece of crap , barely stick on dashboard and this is made of very much cheap quality .
the stand is flimsy . i wish it was sturdier to actually hold the book you'd like to read while spinning .
not really a how to book . does not provide more than basic suggestions far too brief to be truly helpful
these are not pods ! they are proprietary plastic filters with coffee in them . i've been robbed !
although it looks good . this keyboard is very uncomfortable . low life span . failed after months !
the cover that i ordered was of low quality . it was to thin and offered no protection for my kindle .
the book is a perfect example of don't judge a book by it's flashy cover . mediocre material in my opinion .
got dirty too fast thats mainly it is that when i got it . it got dirty too fast thats all
do not get this game . the people how made this game should not evan made this game ! sucks your just wasting your time .
this worked for about a week then the cord stopped working .
slow to reshuffle . freezes on occasion , or the next screen fails to appear . all of which are frustrating .
don't waste . no different than a sneakerbought for zumba and sticks to floor just like sneakers . pretty color though
completely uninformed , distorted and misleading political smear . if you believe any this i have a bridge to sell you .
parts all didn't come the design wasn't straight it was all messed up the hoses were glued wrong and everything
warning don't waste your money its a corrupted file of a ebook , please amazon review the e book and fix it .
not only are they cheap , but they have a life expectancy of about week . spend more and get more .
worked well for a few days , then it died . stay away from this product . save your money , use a bic .
charges but does so with humming noise , returned for refund as i didn't want to break my surface . ,
product did not fit properly ! waste of money ! soon as we got it . it went right in the junk draw .
the case is great , but the keyboard is not as convenient as i thought it would be .
didn't help at all , didnt feel any different . i need to try another type of gel .
hat fit very loose , don't really see how it would keep me warm . returned it .
i've only used this or times and it already will not take a charge at all !
the lead actor and the leading actress both delivered mediocre performances . therefore , i would not recommend this movie to others .
sorry but this product did not do what it says it will do for shingles . sent it back for refund .
i'm not going to bother with a detailed review except to say drms suck . ea can go jump off a cliff .
horrid controls , bad interface . there is simply nothing good to say about this game except that it was free . uninstalled
they tried , but it didn't sound like the original hit recording to my ears . i need proof that it is .
pressure gauge did not work . needle would not move . replaced with old one . this is a piece of junk . would not recommend
i am not impressed with the quality of this garment . it also runs small in size . the sweater looks cheap .
this show was mildly interesting . the acting was ok but the story was a little hard to get into . .
this rug pad worked for a little while but now just a few months later it has lost it's grip .
if i could give this a zero stare i would . this company has fall to new lows , stay away . run
i was looking forward to learning something new about relationships with dogs but was disappointed . i would not recommend this .
worked for a wk and then completely stopped charging my phone .
no where as good as first three cd's . a bit disappointing . would not recommend . irish kiwi
too many story lines and characters mixed in a confusing jumble of efforts to impress but failing to do so .
have not received it yet ! i've sent two emails trying to follow up and no response yet either .
sound is not loud like the oem . i refer to buy the apple product . you get what you pay for .
there's nothing here that you couldn't find in a typical fan magazine . it's s good thing the book is free .
deteriorated under the sun within a few months of purchase , both the coloring and the actual basket weave came apart .
this was a horrible hassle . the minute i installed it , everything kept freezing up . i switched back to trend micro .
seems to be a common problem audio does not sync properly with video , prime works just fine as does youtube .
nothing much left to say , oh well , enjoyed it for the time it lasted . not buying zippo ever again ! !
my dogs sniffed it , turned and looked at me and then walked away ! they did not like this at all !
junk , stuck on degrees never moved
poor quality static and interferenc .
when i bought this i believed it was the game , mostly due to the price ! it's just cards . um , ok .
our class didnt like it as much as the eating socks one . they liked the end better in this one
amateurish writing , not much humor , plot doesn't hang together all that well .
this didn't fit my friends kindle right i got it as a gift and she could not even use it .
shop around i learned the hard way . the shipping itself cost more that the charger . that how they get you .
this toy had a horrible plastic smell . my dog is not at all picky , and wouldn't go anywhere near it .
way too chill for my tastes . nothing very catchy about any of the tracks .
since the size were somewhat short for me i ordered the . they were too long and too wide .
the idea behind the look is interesting however the protection it provides for daily use is inadequate for the comsumer
it . will . stop . every . now an . then . it's . information . is . partly . true . it's . not . loud . enough . it . gives . bad . information
don't buy , cheap battery and cheap case . worked for about months
we have a roach problem and the roaches seem to be as abundant as ever ! junk .
con very strongly fadedcrudely cutone sidedlots of fraying on edgesglued to backing paperedit frays very easilypro nice framefast shipping .
the screen protector cracked after less than a year .
way to small . i suggest buy a size bigger than what u usually wear
followed all care instructions and could not iron out wrinkles in front of shorts . finish sewing not up to par .
i tried this on my lawn , but i can still smell the urine . even with a cupful on one spot .
these broke after maybe uses . i use them to pick the baby bottles out of the sterilizer . cheap product !
yes this game is horryble , correct spelling of the word is too good for this bad game . forget about it .
crap
returned
i have never downloaded a game with as many bugs as this one ! don't waste your time . ! ! ! !
the quality of the item was not as good as expected from the manufacturer's description . the bag purse was therefore returned .
does not stay charged more than hours . don't waste money . saying is true you get what you pay for .
its to cheaply made now way to realey tight it the bolt twist then breakes the soder to the cable
fell apart immediately
this shirt lose color when i wash it . what a mess ! i cant believe this . i dont recommend you guy to buy .
my husband said it was too thick . even when i added water , he still didn't like it .
these lashes would be fine , however they refuse to bend whatsoever . some come pre bent awkwardly while others are straight .
this is more of an orange bronze color than the rich dark red that is shown . the picture is very misleading .
tried it on glass shower doors and walls . did nothing . don't bother with this stuff .
the putty is more like slime . it is colorful . but other than that it not a good toy for any age .
hate it ! i would never buy samsung again . i wish pioneer is still making plasmas .
works alright , but the menu system very confusing and difficult to use .
cheap material
the shields were bent in shipping and don't lay down right in that spot . they need to be packaged better .
these things are ok but they are so salty i can finish a bag .
and breathtaking ly expensive . i had such hopes for these silicon gel disks . really disappointed in this product . what a waste .
app all of a sudden stops . unfortunately it doesn't happen just one . it happens several times while watching an episode .
runs very slow and is the cheapest quality electric razor i have ever owned .
i downloaded this by accident and now i can't delete it . i've done . it times . since yesterday and . it keep downloading again .
this antenna is a pile of junk don't buy it . i have a . antenna gets times the channels .
cheap but very short lasting , these things will last less than months , usually month tops
don't waste your money on this item . i bought it on and it is already cracking in several places .
complained about this product and never got my money back for them . works great but falls apart way too easily .
disappointed . too small and not stable . not that well made . would not order again . doesn't hold up well in purse .
not black , they look grey
fell apart at the joints within a few weeks of use . glued them back together and they work okay now .
the label remover simply does not remove the labels ! the glue is too weak , and does not work . at all
no where near as good as the original . i am disappointed .
waste of money can't focus in on close things doesn't focus in on faraway things . better off with naked eye .
they are so soft . easy scratch and not as shown on the photo . not worth spending money on them .
i got a crappy copy of the movie instead of the original dvd . don't buy here !
i had this for two weeks and it has stopped running . i guess i get what i paid for
do not buy this , it doesn't work , audio is horrible . valley enterprises customer service sucks !
i tried , but i couldn not get any interest built up to finish the book . not very thought prevoking either .
but the story drags on i found myself bored most of the time . too much traveling without much excitement .
very hard to get on , the strip is much to thick
it's not the same in the picture . it not what i saw in the picture . don't buy it .
kind of snug but that works for me . brilliant sole and cushioning for medium arched feet . love the price .
description seemed very easy , however when trying to install , didn't even getthe correct options . just a waste of money .
it was as described . but the screen protector on the case is blurry ! horrible couldn't even type with it on
yes it makes my hair less fuzzy but also make it clustered . do not recommend . also the packaging seems cheap .
on the toe the black mesh fell apart after months of use , this is a very poor quality shoe .
these came wadded up in a little clear bag . most of them are all folded up and unusable . totally disappointed .
arm rest came unglued a week later , screws keep getting lose . wiggles in all directions and squeaks alot , cannot machine wash the cushions
loved this idea , but the suction cups just do not stick to anything that is not completely smooth . very unfortunate .
alot of claims regarding this product but it does not work it makes your carpet slippery after applying the treatment .
cannot play it .
i wasn't as impressed with this old movie of antonio banderas' as i thought i would be .
thank goodness i only paid for this . it's worth that much . it's cheaply made . i would not recommend this .
doesn't vacuum to the wall .
did not suite my needs too shorti can use this product too shortcan extend from my computer to my tv
excellent reading as always stars i enjoy reading any books with alex cross can't wait for the next one .
that wasn't even a full book . i thought i bought the actual book . very disappointing for sure . not made clear .
didn't like these very much . no comparison tho sony's ear buds . good thing i only spent .
hoping for a flavorful good tea proved to be a waste of a lot of money for a flavorless product .
i have trouble navigating this kindle . seems like it should be easy , but i find it frustrating . i'll keep trying .
i was looking for something close to david sedaris' humor and writing . just doesn't comapre .
i didn't read the fine print well enough ? didn't fit my phone at all . sigh
it's not what i thought it was
i shsould have checked with oem it did not work with my tv hoping for an update to fix this
i couldnt used it , i lost it in my garage . i wouldnt buy another product like this . not useful product .
! . not color very dark blue . not count . not inches . zero quality could see threw the sheets
i so wanted to love these sheets . they were very soft but after three weeks they have started to pill .
didn't fit any intex accessories i have
this . book was boring . the characters and the story both fell flat . patterson needs to return to quality over quantity . disappointing .
even i changed the crank arm and spend extra with replacing . it doesn't go smooth . it vibrates a lot .
works but very uncomfortable . didn't come with any instructions . make sure u don't leave in the boiling water to long .
the arm does not wave like it says it should . i tried solar and indoor lighting . must be a lemon .
its not great .
the stylus is not as sensitive and i would like it to be and i would prefer a thinner barrel .
good story . not so good presentation . just had soon see on for free or a local news cast . would not recommend .
it is really flimsy , when you pick it up it falls apart . would not recommend this phone to anyone . thank you
this was a bachelorette gag gift . not for me . i hope the bride and groom use it in good health .
i haven't received it yet , it was supposed to arrive by august . need to say more ?
following up on a success is never easy , but now i know why this album was so cheap . don't buy it !
cuff hchv ghvhn hcgbfbg gfgcbf gfhffg fggfgc ffhhf hfht hgbvbg gbybdle eihkkmkesd rhtjh . gbdhgtj fjvhbu higtjoj fjghhu hnfhdhdbxb hbhffff fvghg
daisy fell off first time my granddaughter wore the shoes . flimsy construction . pays to pay more and buy better quality .
was broken when received . didn't notice at first cost a lot for a broken item won't order this one again
this is crap . and only has chinese directions ! no would never do this one again ! don't waste your money on this
both of them sweat . not as offered . really , for my purpose , not usefull .
sorry to say , but why would i want a sunblock that has dye in it that stains . ? don't buy this .
doesn't work with cisco ip phone . although i could hear fine , they could not hear me on their end .
they are very small about the diameter of a nickle and very thin .
this product totally does not work . don't waste your money . it may work better if you use it as a throwing object .
was never able to install , keep sending me to other software , could never get to install , same with durgeon defenders .
waste of money , they get moldy and hold too much water no matter how clean you try to keep them .
after trying several times we could never get the nunchuck control to sync with wii making it useless to use .
cheap and hard to install on seat
returned
this is junk , good idea weak product . this steamer does not work on real life grit and grime . disappointed !
thought it was a otterbox brand but when i received it was cheap and made in china . piece of junk
case back will not stay on phone , falls off very easily ! word requirements in a review are quite stupid .
the worst sanddford book i have read .
uninstalled
you get what you pay for . this is cheap and cheap quality . my money was wasted , and my lesson learned .
looks very cheaply made . will have to buy a more sturdier set . the bright colors are nice tho . not impressed .
i'm not sure i can ever cleanse my psyche of this towering pile of celluloid vomit .
works ok in shower . not loud enough by far for hot tub , which was the intended purchase .
the material is thinner than paper , all caps with holes in it . it's totally unusable . do not buy this product !
product is not as advertized . make sure you have a year to wait for it to work .
sent back , poor
i used the external battery and works ok . for months . now the battery dont charge the phone . wasted money
it would be nice to have the list of tracks for these discs . doesn't seem like too much to ask .
only works properly if you are not moving and in a zero gravity environment .
a little light libido warmer to start the spring ? sadly no . flowery , random , nonsensical prose .
buenas tardes . quisiera saber si el ipod fue despachado . porque tengo la factura y el producto jamas me llego gracias
don't bother . you get what you pay for , and sometimes you don't even get that . five more words to go .
this was supposed to be a pack of . i paid for a pack of and received only .
the given time to microwave ruined the pop corn maker
washed the item twice , and a huge hole appeared in the left shoulder . don't buy from seller mkdistrict .
it is a good book but it needs more info on how to extreme couponing . easy to read . good price and detail .
not available for dish network yet . might try again and give a higher rating when and or if it comes available .
when i received the watch , it was too big . although i loved the look . i wish it was alittle smaller .
the price was ok til i found out it was more for shipping than for the item . by far !
what was the point ? it just tempts you with great read an leaves you hanging . i regret wasting my time .
even when the two are in the same room , they do not work . waste of my time and money .
i found several other cables including one from sure that were a better choice than this heavy bulky cable was .
i think the quality really really sucked it broke when i tried to removed it would like a full refund ! .
it broke almost right away . it was a huge rip off .
you simply cannot build a chart using this book . dont waste money .
i was bored easily with this book . the cover looks very interesting . not so much on the inside .
very messy and does not work as it says on the jar . in fact , it doesn't really work at all .
very hard to find xl tall men's long sleeve tee shirts . very disappointed that it didn't fit . had to return .
very low quality . not what i expected
the frosting floats and its super annoying ! yeah cause when i eat a cupcake the frosting floats . uh huh . awesome . just awesome
terrible , great concept , but only lasted days before it broke . junk . do not waste your money on this product .
again never got this item either . i mean what is going on ? does no one honor customers these day ? ! shame
this is very tiny . we have a medium with another brand and this is more like a small .
very baggy fitted sheet and pillow cases have a very strange cut . i would not recommend this product .
looks nice , but falls off every other day . wasn't expecting this to be this bad . wouldn't recommend to anyone .
my dog refuses to lick the brush . don't know if it's the liquid or the brush that she doesn't like
walmart has a oz box for . . this is a oz box for . . price is way out of line !
they were priced pretty cheap . now i know why . the zippers broke the very first trip i used them for .
impossible to assemble .
doesn't look appetizing . disappointing tastebig bacon fan but this does not do the trick , better to break out the skillet
this item appears to be pleather . i would not recommend this for anyone . i will definitely be returning this item !
carpet is very light and will not lay flat . would not have bought it if i had seen it first .
it lasted me mouths idk if the price is woth it to u if it is buy it
this pad is not fitting mazda rear breakbe carefull before you decide to order it . i am in saudi arabia
it just wasnt helpful i needed more specific and detailed info to repair what i haveit was too general
great looking and handy but suface is to slick for goog mouse contrl needs a softer matte sheen words
pedantic at best .
cant load
tried to get scores and updates and it did not provide adequate info . i would not recommend using this app .
same product at the dollar tree , andguess how much that cost ? i looked stupid giving that as a present .
terrifically satisfying mitch rapp book . i highly recommend this one to flynn's fans . i will miss his particular tremendous talent !
i guess i didn't read carefully enough . the fencing is plastic and breaks easily .
ink doesn't work . brand new ink doesn't print clearly so cannot be used . wasted postage trying .
nice idea in theory but device was unable to deliver on the range . my reasonable expectations , unfortunately , were not met .
this item is much cheaper looking than in the picture . the material is very strange and the stitching is poor .
like so many consumer products these days , this item was designed to fail . one more for the ralph nader list .
the quality of the product is very poor . a piece broke off removing from packaging . do not purchase this item .
item lasted less than months . no apparent damage vissible to cable or male to male jack ends . poor quality .
i was looking for gardening book . the term garden refers to landscaping in your yard . from a london based author
this casino game requires cd reader to play which isn't convenient when your laptop isn't equiped with a cd reader .
this is cheaply made and is junk . do not waste your money on it !
not the best flavor i have ever had . each flavor has a bitter taste to them .
box was torn up when i received it . crushed top and plastic window . it looked used and not brand new .
this book could have been so much better ! i liked it , but it could have been so much better .
santa's best alvin and the chipmunks musical animation plush did not work at all look very very old .
very disappointed ! although i ordered the correct battery for my phone the one that was shipped was the wrong one !
doesn't fit an american iphone .
the story was mediocre at best and the ending was a huge letdown .
it didn't come with a cd like it had advertised . now i gotta find a cd by itself now
the mirror almost has a waviness to it , not a true look sort of like a fun house mirror effect
did not work at all . i hooked it up to three different devices and it still did n
it's merely just a bad picture nothing exciting , and it does nothing and the picture is streched very horriblly . bad
lipstick was extremely drying on my lips ! eye shadow was ok .
this one is just ok . to me there's a balance between too obvious and really reaching . this one really reached .
awful ! no support what so ever . not very comfortable either , would rather wear nothing than these . they look pretty though
sticks out too much for my flat stomach . gave it to a friend she likes it .
very disappointed in this book . finished it to see if it got better . it did not ! shallow reading at best .
i feel as if i have been ripped off . i cannot think of one good thing to say about it .
it turn a different color
it didn't stay close . so i returned it . it was not very good , didn't hold up to its standards . thanks
camo faded off with two weeks of use . cheaply made . camo is now gone with the white backing now showing .
the speakers you receive do not match the picture . the speakers you end up getting are plain grey plastic speakers .
the mouse is hard to be precise with . it does not track quickly enough either . i will be returning it .
this product has a good concept , but unfortunately during normal use the logo gets worn away after a few weeks
copter stopped working properly after the first week only works when the controller is in front of the copter .
i expected some writing within the pages but i also expected to get all the pages too . a total ripoff
i know so many people who love it but i cannot stand it .
this is obviously just an extremely cheap , crumby , vulgar , rip off , poor imitation of mark reed's british award winning novel , something different
very disappointed with the quality . the clear shield seperated from the armband after the first week . would not recommend . junk !
heck , why shd i be sorry for you , dan you're sitting on a gold mine !
don't read . you will regret that you will never get that time back ! it doesn't really have an ending , just ends !
this game doesnt load ! if you have a kindle fire then do not get it and waste your time ! dont !
this guy knows nothing about the hsca work . the grassy knoll shot was from a rifle , not a handgun . no silencer ,
don't buy . totally horrible product . it's a knotted mess and doesn't look good . do not buy this product ! that's all .
character development is nonexistent in this series . each book is the exact same story x with different names . big disappointment !
the product didn't work for me . there was no sound and no way to adjust it , just an on off switch .
was not the right size
i received the one direction fleece blanket . it was very flimsy . not at all what i expected . i was disappointed .
all poly , not cotton , printed on one side , terrible . i can't imagine anyone actually putting this on and wearing it .
after long waiting i received the wrong screen protector , bigger in size doesnt fit at all . very disappointed with the service
cheaply made . not what i expected .
i am frequently on a low carb diet and can never have sugar . this stuff taste like old rubbing alcohol .
this video was very boring ! but i guess it got right to the point . it's effective if you actually do it !
the video had foul language . i threw the video in the garbage after watching about minutes of the video .
didn't like it at all ! nice idea but they are not soft
it should be a chapter book instead of a non chapter book so rd graders and th graders can read it .
i only recognized about four songs on this cd . i like his more familiar songs .
the cursing cause my daughter thought it was for kidsshe absolutely hates it cause she's only bye bye
i downloaded the netflix ap in error and need to delete it as i do not have a netflix account .
upon opening this shipment the dinosaur wold not stand up by itself . the plastic warped . i sent it back immediately .
it is fluffy but very uncomfortable and evidently very cheaply made . i evidently didn't know that i don't like micro fleece .
of curse she can sing , but only in the shower . all the reviews are false . don't buy this record .
ordered mm watch band with two pins , but received mm watch band and no pins . vendor denies receiving my return .
the case i received was poorly made and definitely not worth the price , so i returned it .
i didn't even receive the right product but after reading the other reviews i'm glad it turned out that way .
you want to learn about evel knievel but you don't with this film . awful .
this may work on a green egg but i tried it on a traditional smoker and it burned up immediately .
these shoes are at least one size too small and too narrow . consider going up at least one full size .
the plug is the right size but it looks like the current is to low . it's designed for older phone .
well this would be great if you had a kitten but i have cats and it's way too small
really had a hard time following all this and then decided to put the book down . not worth reading it .
i didn't even get the whole book ! what a rip off ! don't buy unless you want to waste your money .
this movie spends too much time on the craziness of hughes and too little on his accomplishments .
too hard . i don't like puzzles that are to easy or to hard . i think you should have a choice .
very cheaply made and does not make enough light to read by . don't waste your money on this one . x
this is outdated over intellectualized navel gazing . i never enjoyed reading these novels that are a gordian knot of introspection .
the case is smaller than my phone , it doesnt fit , i need to fix it in order to use it .
crash dive ted bellthey didn't finish the story . what's up with that ? can i get a complete story ?
had to returnmy iphone charging cord would not stay in port too loosedisappointed
i heard this is a good book however , until the kindle price is . or less , i will pass .
bought for my kids but its not easy to load music to . i guess you get what you pay for
junk . returned it . spend your money on the expensive but truly excellent jbl charge .
it did not fit my phone ! very disappointed !
a waste of money lasted less than five months before the battery died , won't even run when plugged in .
it just stops and i can not play . remove it from device and reinstall , boggle has stopped . it is frustrating
if i had this much money just sittin around i would buy a real m
can not be used as a charge line for ipad . would not buy again . good price but not for me .
a little large to me , and it's look like plastics , not so warm as i expected before . the zipper is ugly , too .
the picture looks much better than the item actual is . very one dimensional . do not like it at all .
will not purchase these again . poor quality and after first wash the velcro came off . did not like at all .
not fitted returned the shirt . good quality but wasn't shaped for a woman's body . ralph lauren's turtlenecks are shaped better
should have ordered xxl for adult large . nicely made , came with extra buttons . wound up giving it to my son .
found this too fast and boring so got rid of it fast . even the art work isn't worth my time .
until they come to their senses and revoke this ridiculous and invasive software i will not buy anymore ea games .
what a fantasy world they live in . seaworld is the best . can't wait to vacation there again this year . peace
extremely heavy , hard to grip and overall not very good quality . pot metal and such .
it pilled after first washing . and now it's slowly showing signs of wear and i haven't had it that long .
the plastic tails have not been cast properly making it almost impossible to fit spear shaft into flight tail awful .
do not get this game it is really bad . it is okey to rent , but do not buy it
i didnt get the right color
i didn't like the way it looked . unclassy . am deciding whether to return it or not . maybe i will gift it .
do not buy ! does not fit at all ! feel like it's for a inch samsung tablet . i will return it .
this product is basically useless . the material adheres to the drawstring so the compression sack won't close . i am returning it !
mellow dramatic tripe ! don't waste one second on this . i wish i could get a refund , but it arrived in good order .
not too great however , i learned a few things from it , but quite outdated . guess i will have to keep looking .
the book is a quick read but it does not have one original idea or event . it reallywas boring .
should not have installed . please delete . since i am not on face book this game does not work for me
after the first wash these towels have undone loops hanging from them . don t buy these since the quality is poor .
the background music sounds like something from the early 's and the controls do not respond to the game . aweful !
short and small . i always wear x beause its loose n these dresses are all to small .
didn't care for this story , not much action , very drawn out , could of said it all in a short story
lip stick was old and sticky
i usually fit a medium , and i couldn't fit in a large . these skirts are so so so so tiny .
this movie is in french w subtitles . nowhere in the description was this clear ? it is completely usless to me now .
when i tried to use the drive it only registers at tb , very disappointed , won't buy another one of these
pesimo
this movie was a waste of time . no redeeming value . i don't know why i even watched it all the way through .
well might not be their fault but plant very unhealthy , didn't help ordering coldest day of the years . maybe . try again .
over rated screen blacks out battery doesn't stay charged over hrs during use downloads wont work over all bad experience
like it but it cost to much for what you get will try later when the cost go down some .
freezes a lot and closesnot much to donot really like the original gamesome buttons would have no effect
the car charger broke quickly . not a sturdy product . just a little pressure on it and the base became ineffective .
i'm not willing to spend over for a newspaper . the nyt needs to drop their price closer to yr .
i can't even download the dj program , i get an error everytime . , for nothing .
the product never reached me . worst service by the supplier . i do not know why they are still in amazon
contains high levels of lead . trader joe's has not pulled from shelves . pregnant women and children should be especially aware .
version tech pink wirelessautofor wooden handmade crafteiffel tower pendant leatherantique silver karma infinityautofor black lace braceletrose flower pattern d crystal
leaks its that simple , it leaks and you have to hold handover the battery compartment or they will drop out
no result using more then a month
worst necklace ever started to change color on the first date i wore it ,
ok book . not great . it was very difficult to get into . i give it stars . not one i'd recommend .
some very funny stunts . really like the old man woman gags . some stunts are just out right stupid . movie was ok .
articles were not very interesting .
the story was boring to me . did not like the writers style or substance . finally gave up on reading it .
little insight , boring writing and a lack of any intelligible point . save your money on this overpriced collection of paper .
i bought two units last year and one of them is half burnt out already , so much for solid state
the black pen part of the stylus falls out and it does not even work that great on a screen .
not li i want it
one of the two of the gems fell off and some of the crochet came unraveled .
only a few stories and some commentary . don't know what is the point to publish this book .
started dropping connections and needed reboots , then failed completely . tech support was worthless . complete junk , this is my last d link product .
advertised as good for both back and side sleepers . not so for side sleepers . very uncomfortable . don't buy this item .
very poor quality , and the images are not what was expected . the original photo book was totally different . cheap .
i took this , didn't lose any weight and didn't notice a difference in appetite control . i won't buy it again .
unfortunately , there are numerous grammatical errors . i ended up deleting it from my kindle by the end of chapter three .
it's waste money . just i use it for my vacuum for a couple times it never work again . ' . '
perfect ! i love it ! wastes time ! great variety ! i love love love it ! sometimes i fall asleep playing it . ! addicting !
the sony cfds will not accept my cassette tapes so that i can listen to music from years ago .
lineup
unable to listen as planned due to the fact that it's not in cd form . it is very disappointing .
it is not working any more it was broken from th first day that was orderd to me why ?
i wish i could give it no stars ! premise was contrived . really not worth your time so don't waste it .
we have a book club of seven women , and we all did not enjoy this book .
would have given more stars but is in short installments
zipper broke first day but other than that its ok dont know if i will buy again thats my story
useless
horrible . there was no useful information .
i did not receive the oem chrome grille upgrade . i received the standard plastic grille . frustrating result for the purchase .
lost interest in two pages . cliched and unfunny . not worth even the free download don't waste your time on this book .
they want . for danger zone . used to have it . it uninstalled and reinstalled losing all my stars . samsung infuse .
miss a part in the package .
not what i thought .
the chapter titles and sub titles are worded in such a way as to arouse interest but the material falls flat .
smells funny , and not like the actual size perfume . this was a waste of my money . would not buy again .
love the shampoo and the aroma of it . good strategy of the company to sue it in amtrak gift bags .
i was very careful , but the screen protectors were very difficult to put on . wasted both of them . don't buy .
the pedals were impossible to install .
not that helpful .
should tell how long it is , quality of material too cheap . need more detail , lenght , side of cable , cheap quality .
it was not the right bag for me .
it is not what it appears when looking at pictures . it is cheap made and probably won't last months .
does not chop like thet make it look on t . v it blends smothies ok but i would jot recomend it .
the listing says fits product fits the sf . it does not fit the sf . i would not buy this again .
totally disappointed . i must have slept through half of the s beacuse i don't recall of these anthems . sad .
horrible material , i don't know what to do with it , except to throw it out .
doesn't last nearly as long as i'd hoped . lasts at most hours on lowest laptop settings , while fully charged .
installed it times on my android phone . never worked . pretty frustrating , since i took the time to install it .
i bought one at bestbuy last week but had to return within a few days due to short battery life .
not even months and this already went bad with very little usage , i must add
it was not rubberized . i specifically bought the item for this one feature . i do not recommend buying this item .
product arrived damaged .
the thing is made of cardboard and arrived with the handle already broken ! don't waste your time like i did .
not noticeable results , will not be purchasing again .
i put my pound outside on and he broke the hook off the collar in just a few minutes
the sophomore slump theory is proven with this album , mostly composed of unnecessary more than five minute ballads .
can't view it on anything but an amazon brand kindle or an ipad . total garbage , goodbye kindle !
cheap , waste of money .
a disappointment for mecouldn't wait to finish . got repetitive and sappy buy the last few chapters . glad it's over .
this ipad screen protector i got is not flat . after i used the protector , there are two inequalities with bubbles .
i tried several times to load on to my kindle it will not work . deleting it ! not worth the . !
had it for a year , but only use it at most one cycle a week . so broken after about uses .
looks nice and easily gets scraped up the paint chips off and looks really tacky . wouldn't buy this shoe again .
not the right size for the model i have .
these are the same as the pants . itchy , uncomfortable , nonwicking , pinstriped seamed shirt . i don't recommend .
i ordered an otter box and never needed to put on the screen protector they're just lying around my house .
the remote does not work on my general electric ac and the temp is displayed in celsius !
this was one of the best written books i have ever read , out of thousands in my lifetime of reading .
great deal for these maxell line head buds but they were poor quality and didn't feel like they would last .
be advised left ear bud went out after minimal use . unless my earbuds were defective , part quality may be poor .
sent the wrong one not ! the had to drvie hours ! cost me work money as well ! very upsetting not worth fist of retuning !
dont work for i phone , the sim card is too big and dont fit , i must return it
does not have removable grill plates . takes minutes to cook a steak and hours to clean the griddle
i was sent a diiferent item than was pictured , and they were also different colors .
it can not reliably run google play or netflix jerky video , browser is very slow , lockups , a toy at best
i ordered these seeds , and none of them germinated . extremely disappointed . will try a true organic heirloom dealer next time !
this thing could be found in a crackerjack box . unless you are cutting balsa wood , buy a real jig saw
just one more goodies for birthday's bag . nothing special , the girls didn't pay to much attention to it .
broke weeks after using it . it offers no protection to your phone . it needs a silicone protection around it .
i did not enjoy this book .
they are so small you can hardley see them so i am giving them to my six year old neice .
this was broken when i opened the package very disappointing . not worth it at all i definitely do not recommend
these were a great price , for a reason . had to replace a lot sooner than 'regular' cartridges .
does not work with fluke kit wasted my money
they are cheap and break really easy
very superficial . reads like plagiarized from google . found no new information and a limited selection of herbs covered . not recommended .
doesn't charge galaxy s the anker website says it does . looks like it is charging , but instead drains phone . frustrating !
these fingerstache temporary tattoos didn't work that well and either wouldn't stick or wore off quickly . wouldn't recommend this item .
not sure how to rate this until i make a claim against some failure that is covered by the warranty .
i cancelled this item along with another coffee which was cancelled . they sentthis item charged postage ! buyer beware !
needs wider selection
i would never purchase this again both chargers broke in less than months . its cheap and not worth it
slow , almost tedious story and stereotypical cliched characters made this a labor to watch . really expected more from chris carter .
the plastic was so filmsy , this thing came apart from about times of use . total crap .
i was not pleased with the quality of the material . it seemed too thin . i would like information on returning it
not what i was expecting and it broke the second day i got it
it is very i inconvenience to place the cellular in the tray , for this reason i don't recommend it
i needed a bigger size and it doesn't stick
i never got this pair to work . sent it back for refund . had trouble finding the manufacturer for technical assistance .
i find it not so good , it is a bit rough and didn't last that long . want to return it .
its kinda ok . they should let u go to chatroom , search friends , shop ! , and most of all , they should make it bigger
this product did what i hoped it would do as far as picking up the dust on my laminated flooring
the side ripped within days of use . pretty useless now .
do not buy a garmin unless you are prepared to spend replacing the battery every two years .
this game sucks after awhile becuz they just give u random answers . so i recommended u don't get this app .
this is not a good phone case and wood not buy this one again . the price is not good too
i had so much heartburn and nausea i was willing try anything . this was just ok .
the machine only work days and it just die , what can i said the quality was not as expected .
the credit card wallet was just what i wanted until the plastic hasp broke after only months of use .
it is not flush like the other charms i have and it catches on my clothing and scratches the kids .
it was ok it wouldn't stay close so i went to my old one didn't care a lot for performance
there wasn't much to this little book and i don't recommend it . i expected a lot more than i got
i couldn't download software from the d link web site . software should've been on the cd that came with the camera .
got of them and they both stopped working after one day
not a good design . the tail won't stay attached . but i still use the case . love the ears though . lol lol
made me gain pounds . while i felt good it caused me to eat even morethan i usually do .
this product is a big dis appointment . quality poor . i would have like to return them .
looks very sharp , even with gps removed . works well . much cleaner look than previous mountwould highly recommend this unit
it did bit help at all . my nails peel just the same . very disappointedone star
the anti slip velvet is a bit too anti slip . makes putting shirts on and taking them off very difficult .
totally worthless for what i was expecting . i threw it away . total waste of money . i recommend tabers medical dictionary .
not sure on this little story . i finished by thinking ok . . why this and why that ?
taste light it is burning and almost ruined one of my shisha bowls because it was stuck on to it
this medicine cabinet is not by inches . much smaller and i wasted my money ordering this item .
don't recommend this downloading this application once installed application does not remove from device or cloud even when instructed .
still have not received it
a little to much sci fi stuff and not that easy to understand for my taste . not a great ending .
i don't know what battery this thing takes . it certainly does not take the aa's as promised . i'm beyond disappointed .
there is no plot . what child would be entertained by this ? not my child i can tell you that . bad .
this is the stupidest book ever . if you are years old or over you could have written this book .
was barely able to get my sons foot inside ! very cute but very small . need to order bigger size next time
this album is the worst caifanes jaguares album ever ! it was extremely disappointing .
so how do i find a book on this subject not written for kids ? low expectation but even lower reward .
the case is ok but not what i expectedpros it looks goodcons it slips and is very hard to remove
nope . over priced . doesn't spray well . just go buy some from cvs
it is all bunched together on page . can't see to play . can't rate fairly if you can't see . the end
this product still hasn't gotten to me after three weeks ! i just canceled it . i would not do this again .
cheaply made . does not work on my black surface desk . very disappointed .
awesome sound and best bass out there . but its built horrible out of shity plastic i wouldn't get this again .
this product was undetectable by my dog . there was no behavior change even with the matching scented collar . not good
it was great until it kept deleting the coins i bought with actual money .
lemon thyme died the day after i planted it .
has a lot of marking makes it hard to enjoy , however despite , the cover is the only thing in tact .
really a disposable item on the face of it . comparable to junk sold at mexican outdoor markets in mexico . junk .
i did not care for the humor or the storyline of this film . i would not recommend it to anyone .
the shoe size that i ordered are too tight . the shoes are made of poor quality fabric poor choice
evanovich must have had a stroke . i've never read anything so bad . i'll never read another book by her .
waste of money , don't waste your time with this . i'm really not happy with this purchase . don't waste your money .
also , it does not fit the instrument properly , and not soft . may be i would return soon if policy permits
this will be short . this is a bad book . trite . indulgent . fluff . looking for literature ? do not buy this book .
this rain gauge stopped working . i don't recommend this unit .
ugly crap
you certainly must be , go listen to norah jones , not this redneck trailer dump album
didnt work with my car at all also i need my money . back an the year is not working .
a bit pricy for the amount of time it fits the child and hard to re sell .
the end of the hoses do not fit our gauges or the ac units not whatt i though they were
got my order as bo bad order not working .
lots of streaks and discoloration when applied . i have very fair skin , however .
my own did not work . i ended up throwing it away . what a waste of money . so sad ! ! !
the iphone purse style wallet leather case does not match my iphone c
too feminist for me . a lady suggested me to read it . i don't suggest any man to read at all .
it does not do what it says would do . it's just not working . will be disputing this purchase . very disappointed .
don't buy ! it's a complete waste of money ! seriously . if you buy it , your throwing your money away .
the unit kept on switching itself off after a few seconds even when fully charged . had to send it back .
printer share is better if you have a tablet , can print anywhere , but this did not work for me . sorry
worst show . bad acting . who watches this crap on television ? i think this was selected by someone other than me .
the box didn't fit with the volume buttons , so the volume was never accessible . do not waste your money !
item broken as soon as i tried to screw it in . look elsewhere ! not worth going through the hassle to return
i didn't get this product . it wasn't delivered . and it was charge to my credid card . i wanna refund
i am very disappointed . the machine does not accept the drum . always says change drum , no matte what i do .
looks great , sharp as a blade should be . can't use right now , nerve damage . in hand . fits saw as it should .
this pump is for filling basketballs or something light . the pump handle became stuck when applying any kind of pressure .
bought packages . incredibly cheap . threw them away by end of the day . fell apart instantly . waste of money . .
not a very good book because of the format regular book would be a lot better in my opinion so
some music can be covered in the swing style . christmas music is not one of them . 'nuff said .
simply didn't work . i tried on different machine and still , nothing goes throught it .
it looks cool . the sound qulaity is ok for the price . but it breaks after few days of use .
very cheaply made and nothing like an ottobox . you get what you pay for in this case ! very crappy construction .
no druid , no bard . but it would hardly matter if they were included , since all the classes feel the same .
awesome book please make a sequel will they ever find super pet spy bunny again ? khalil al raki
fits iphone perfectly . after charging battery case charge doesn't last very long . also seems to run down iphone battery faster .
i have not been able to make this app work . there are no words if this app doesn't work . amen
this is a very cheep looking item . heavy , thick , dull and just not what i would call pretty at all .
cover pulled off the first time i removed it from the electrical socket . had to super glue it back together .
the writing was less than stellar and it lacked a worthwhile storyline . it was boring and didn't really go anywhere .
back zipper broke , really small dont buy if you are even a regular size guy . i dont recomend it
the previous seasons kept me entertained and wanting more . this season basically seems to not have any direction or value .
this book is ok . you can come up with better recipes on your own tho . this is not worth buying .
nice t shirt until its washed .
fluid leaks out of straw when just sitting still on table
this is a picture book and i was under the impression this book was a novel . i was not satisfied .
returning the itemit keeps rebooting itselfwon't stay runningwhen i try to download . it shuts off and restart
i have never seen a gay movie as bad as this one nuff said go polish your nails instead if you're smart .
great for my year old , this show teaches him so much about animals and nature . i highly recommend it .
don't get this app unless you already had the dragon program on your computer . it was totally worthless to me .
we didn't realize lb . weight limit unsuitable for our need but otherwise appeared to be a good product . thank you ! sorry !
astoundingly bad pop astoundingly bad punk astoundingly bad pop punk . it's pretty simple , kids .
did even last weeks
design is reasonable and simple . material and stitching could be stronger wore out earlier than expected .
this is a game for the young i think and i found it to be quite boring and deleted it .
didn't finish it . did not like the beginning . too much description of things . just not an intersting start for a mystery
i don't like the music , i'm not hip on rap . i would not recommend this particular type of music either .
i bought this for a phone on the list did not fit the phone at all very disapointed !
splitter cable terrible mic quality terrible bass and sound okey i recommended sound card razer kraken pro not onboard
we have a small from yard approx x feet . one battery wont last to do this small area ,
this connection is not for an ecowater unit . i am a certified serviceman and this will not work . beware buyer .
disappointing season . to many story lines
shirts ran really small . i bought it for my year old . my year old could barely wear it .
this is way too much for this coin . go find it somewhere else . seriously , shop around !
i didn't wash in the dishwasher . after just a few hand washing a the letters lines slid right off .
i love to listen to audio books but at the price of most of these books i won't be buying !
was what i wanted but took forever for me to figure out how to get it for the price advertised .
doesn't fit very well
don't like it . this heavy and hard to handle . i wish i had bought a cheap non stick square griddle .
sets off alarms they didn't deactivate slip
we attached the device to my daughter's violin but no matter how we attempted , it would not tune for her .
completely leaks around the legs ! returned for refund . plastic is very thin and rubber pants fit very baggy all over .
this machine does not provide hot lather . it serves only as a dispenser for the shaving cream .
i found the book slow , unrealistic and i kept waiting for something exciting to happen and it never really did .
the problem with this cd is that you can not skip from episode to episode making it almost useless .
don't pay attention of my request
grohe claims this is the replacement hose for a satin nickel finish . it is not close to a color finish match .
the device does not work . the batteries are new . repeated attempts have been made . the product is indeed a dud .
should offer more soothing sounds like bloom or trope by eno . i t also lets you create some pleasing art .
we only got sheets of poster board in our box , not the that was listed on the order .
another very very very stupid game i would never try to play it ever again , so don't get this one ok
i kinda don't like it because it's hard but if u think you know movies well this is your game
warranty was pain in the ass for replacement screen . better off buying new one . other than that worx great . does not scratch
i would not recommend this screen protector to anyone , it is not bubble free . any attempt to reapply will fail .
so far i have been unable to even get into this monotonous , poorly written book . don't bother with this book .
did not like this . it gathers in the crease of lips almost immediately . just doesn't look good at all .
it is bad ! as much as i like new songs , this one disappointed me a lot .
i feleted this after abiut three minutes of time . totally not challenging . don't waste your money or time ! a caviat .
never order from these people ! i never got the movie or even an email back when i as asking why
this game stinks . i played it at my cuz's and it wasnt very good
a little too simplistic as well as not quite clear enough on the kinds of questions adverbs can answer .
my headline says it all . cranking handle broke and no longer gets a charge , either , from the sun . don't buy it .
my marlin w scope did not fit gamo whisper pellet rifle w scope did not fit
i bought this pillow for my wife who is plagued with hot flashes . this product does not meet her needs .
i don't recommend this game to anyone . we not really what i wanted . do not download . took off my kindle .
this item said it was a spree with a blouse but it is just a large piece of cheap polyester .
does anyone else think it odd that all the star reviews were all posted on the exact same day ? ! ? ! ?
the watch doesn t work , i hope to be just battery . i like the watch but not in this condition . claudiu
just watch seasons and , maybe and then forget this . worse than season if that's saying anything .
as cut as the case is , the second i put my tablet in the screen stopped working .
it worked find for days and then suddenly failed without warning . i replaced it with a motorola cable modem .
hard to manage dancing on mat . would be better with the music and no restriction of dancing on mat
i waited for this magazine for half a month ! and the book looks like a used one ! good luck everyone .
yes it is not what it seem to be , it has manny flaws , save your , please
. but , after using an electron microscope and a laser , determined that the lattice was actually oval shaped and . high .
i purchased two different sizes and neither of these would stay on my weimaraner's feet .
no good !
i used this and it didnt work . i tried again , again , again , again , again , again and again still didnt work . smmfh
this item was uninflatable , frustrating to get to work and i will be returning this product as soon as possible .
i would not recommend this case , it looks cheap and the beads and lace were not attached properly . not happy .
not of much use better books and web sites for the information are plentiful . save your money for a better use !
these bath towles are not egyptian cotton and is not smooth . i regreted to buy these towles by this site .
broke after i had it for several days , couldnt even wear it once , though was beautiful while i had it
no signatures or material cards in this box but could if you want a basic set .
it was pretty disappointing considering the type of actor that were involved with this film .
i got this product on time , but i am not satisfied it has got scratches and does not look new .
works ok the doesn't fit . i has to put the the old mtd original belt back on used
too cartoony for me . my bad ! should have known by the icon . did not enjoy at all . so thumbs down .
too many story lines that didn't seem to go anywhere .
automatic switching is supposedly a key feature of this product , and it does not work . useless product , buyer be warned .
black cartridges haven't tried the color yet only worked well for about pages . awful . threw them away .
i'm sure it was not the product just the operator
really bad instructions , appears no quallity control on the product was ever done . very dissapointing , even for a free game .
today is july and i have as yet , not received this book . please advise .
sucks !
damaged after been used twice , fits ok color is ok , feels ok but it frayed after been used twice .
looks nice but so disappointed it rusted after using it the very first time . i had to through it out .
it fits me to tight , it wasnt what i expected
these arent too great they don't have the definition i would expect . overall these arent good at all . thank ya
very hard to use . performs badly . a complete waste of money .
these shoes are very cheaply made . they are almost entirely plastic . i returned them because they were so ridiculous looking .
no redeeming qualities in this tripe . save your time and or money and avoid this movie . just plain stupid stuff .
it's too hard to navigate . in fact , i'm gonna eliminate it off my kindle . i'll go to i heart instead .
pny p p dc uf k ge volt . amp rapid usb car charger blackstopped working just after week ! not good .
box wasn't damaged but the plate cover was cracked . i would think someone could have inspected it before packing it .
this particular case is priced fairly well , but it only lasted me about a month or so . no other complaints .
the mini mic is not clear at all . your voice comes across scratchy , i would not recommend this at all .
very sharp looking boots . however , they run about one size too small . making me rethink madden shoes in the future .
mine came bent , did not fit the microphone hole on the moto x properly , and was not a matte finish .
i don't mind lh's voice . really . but it sounds like he thinks he can be leon redbone .
with just a simple case on the ipod , it's somewhat difficult to dock , but not impossible with a little effort
i don't see how an inflatable target would work . wouldn't the arrows bullets deflate it ? seems like an odd product .
i plugged the cig plug in then in to unit fried it first off do not buy
not for the retina ipad mini look closely at coveryou have been warned unless you have the first ipad mini
did not fit my half jackets .
the book was too choppy to enjoy . i would rather have seen it written more in a first person narrative
i tried to go on to it but it would not work . i was looking forward to using it .
doesnt fit right too loose
one of the worst things that i have bought in my life . bad picture quality . should not allow in amazon .
do yourself a favor and get the real thing ! a real travesty !
it didn't fit .
this electric razor proved to be very disappointing . it was flimsy , sluggish , seemed to have no power at all .
in this entire batch of patterns , there were only a couple of things i would make . not worth the cost .
this was a very simple sweet and predictable story . there were a lot of spelling mistakes which i find distracting
i purchased two cables , and so far they do not provide the connection from thinkpad to my two monitor screens
i felt like i was reading one of my uncle ed's detective novels . i didn't finish it . catholic guilt i guess .
can't load it on my kindle fire . sorry . i do play it online on the computer and love it though .
product did not meet expectations , quality low . does not protect the kindle as it should if kindle is dropped . thanks
these are not boyleg they are bicycle shorts with the longer leg . not happy for the bucks i paid .
i don't like it . i really really don't like it . this is definitely more than characters characters characters characters .
it broke after about two weeks . i would not recommend these cables since they don't seem to be very reliable .
the hose connections leak more water than the mister can spray ! it needs a better leak proof connection
poor cust . support . take at least mins to load the program complete . the product is heavy .
i would rate it and tell u how it fits but i never got the package so im sorry .
they fall off the wall when a light jacket of mine is put on them . cant be used as hooks
it was fine at first when i tried them on till the back part started to rub my ankle raw .
there is no exit option without completely shutting down and it also freezes good concept but a lot of glitches .
images do not load . its basically like the mobile hereon of manga when you use the regular browser but worse .
the chart is geared towards patients not nurses and physicians . i thought it was a study aid or review guide .
stockings were to long . they were difficult to put on and very uncomfortable to wear for any length of time .
battery fully charged only last one hour .
didn't like the style of writing . plot not substantial . main character and her fixation to marlowe was annoying . not good
the battery cover came off the first day and we were unable to find it now the thing is useless .
not fully rollthe liquid domora to leaveare lightweightdifficult to assembleavent there are other much betternozzle is better
way to small . would not recommended this product .
can't get it to work with my bluetooth , not enough information to help set it up . not worth the money .
hate it but my grandchildren think its funny !
only received one towel and two empty packets !
the magazine i bout broke minuets after it got to my house and i was not feeding correctly .
i followed the instructions to the letter and nothing grew . will not be wasting money on this product again . thanks
the first were great , then the stories fit predictable and slow . if it's a great deal pick it up .
be carefull thats all i can say . after a few days , i had sharp pains in my eyes . i do not recomand
games do not need to run at startup no way no how . i would steer clear of this app , forever .
not some thing i would use daily ! fun at a party maybe ? really , it didn t taste like plastic ! bye .
it is not what you are expecting . you probably already have all the tracks . i was pissed !
all the hype about such a great movie and there is really nothing more to the story than my headline .
does not fit pillow this was my first silk pillow cases and was very disappointed did not meet my standards
they really do not fit well . the phone keeps popping out of the housing . after week i stopped using it .
had to use a friends disc this one was warped . key worked fine tho so it wasnt a total loss .
this says that its a lower control arm with ball joint . its notit is just a lower control arm
es buena calida
vendor sent generic version of this item . item was horrible . would not buy from them again
the lucy's cookies are very good but they sent three boxes of sugar cookies instead of the variety pack shown .
the unit which i recieved is not working at all .
heavyweight and washes well , but if it won't stay on , what's the point ? hold on everyone , must adjust my headband .
i was hoping that it would have steampunk ideas and so much about mini books . it was disappointing . too bad .
broke in two days . take your money somewhere else . this product , though inexpensive , is simply not worth it . extremely disappointed .
too small !
rubber tip makes it very difficult to use . i would not recommend this product at all !
very technical . old language is difficult to comprehend . would be more interesting if a modern author would re write and explain .
bought these for a maxima . the pads were horribly loud . threw them away . don't waste your money on these .
it is all right but it would be better if we could earn the power ups . the game is ok .
you must be kidding . this is a piece of garbage . and an editors choice yet , have you lost your mind ?
i baught this hoping it would work and it is full of bugs ! i cant believe i waisted my money !
pretty bad when you reuse a lot of material from your last book in the same sequel .
not as durable as i thought . did not hold air , therefore we were unable to use for my sons party .
it looks very nice but when it works it wsa so noisy that we couldn't sleep have sent it back
queen fitted was entirely too small !
compre esta app y no la puedo colocar en espa ntilde ol por favor necesito este juego en espa ntilde ol que puedo hacergrcias
did not come with instructions so don't really know how to put them on properly . i would not reccomend these
the lights dont last i had mine for about a week and slowly they start to fade one by one .
too heavy , blury , they were just not for me . may be ok for others . don't know what else to say .
did not properly cover the area desired nor did this bandage stick well . would not recommend nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn nnnnnnn nnnnnnn nnnnn
didn't work right and wouldn't exchange it
bought this book by mistake so i didnt read it maybe i should looks like it could be some good
the description reads like this thing is like having the sun in your hand . quite simply . it isn't .
it fits the model so much more snug . its baggy all around my waist . doesn't fit as shown . im disapointed
it had me running to the bathroom every hour . gave it to a friend who had the same problem .
i can't use that meat grinder , because they did not send me all the parts .
the story line was okay , but there could have been much more character building and more detail for the plot .
had no idea this would be about a bunch of people going around shooting people for sport . wastes of money
product works great for a few months , then becomes unreadable despite all updates , visor stops recognizing the module .
sweater fits tight and doesn't wrap around like the pic . a little too casual for what i was looking for .
it was nice to see matt dillon and kurt russell again , however , this movie in my opinion was really bad .
very cheaply made . was a ridiculous price to pay for such a cheaply made hunk of plastic . was very disappointed !
poor quality dont waste your money
item dows not remember selected location and there is no audio or may not be connected ! i loaded it twice !
bland sums it cupi brought to work for lunch and was disappointed
it ruined the images i had from the book . don't watch this . read the books , they are much better . thanks
the plastic started coming of the rubber and the case did not even sit right , very displeased with this cover
was not aware that this does not work on every tv . do more research before buying this product from anyone .
i thought this was a hard case but it was not . i was very disappointed when i opened the package .
it rips very easy . not even worth my time . get the deep throat cup . its much better and lasts longer .
full of invective , but imparting little in knowledge a waste of money and time . i recommend you look elsewhere .
these cables suck
didn't like it , too hard to zero in .
it was west of time . cannot open videos , i wish i had known before . it just opens pdf files . but no videos .
size is quiet diff form other band such as columbia . if you are cm , you should at least size in large .
this was poorly written . a child could have done better . there was minimal romance and the scenes were mediocre . yuck !
bad design where screw attaches to bell kit . always have to adjust whenever the elementary percussionists try and fix it .
great for the average sweater , however , i am not . drysol is the product for me .
this is crap ! short and sweet , don't waste your money . worse purchase on amazon .
all the pictures show having card slots money holder . doesn't come with either ! might want to consider using accurate photos !
i did not care for the story line , didn't finish the book would not recommend to anyone of my friends .
sent me the high back pan which i have already . i needed the lock on litter pan for my ferrets .
it did not work good at all ! charged one battery and melted when i tried to charge a second one
cover chips easily hard to remove case from phone needs to come with tool to help remove case more easily
i did not care for the movie . would not watch it again and would not recommend it .
bad texture , nasty flavor , very much regretted this purchase . never again for this , maybe their gummie bears . these things bite .
was not happy with this because it didn't have threads in bolt holes . had to have them threaded to use .
my dermatologist recommended this product for hyperpimentation . haven't seen a difference so far and it's been a month .
i gave it one star to be nice . it was a piece of junk . very disappointed . you lost a customer .
i wish the charging cord was the same as iphone so i didn't have to carry oth chargers .
the thing broke within hour of my son playing with it . i do not recommend this piece of junk .
this item was not very well made . i ended up buying one from office depot , much better quality and bigger .
one word terrible didn't even come with batteries where it clearly states batteries included
don't use it . no message sent when you have no more moves . wish i couyld return it . waste of money
it stopped working at first day . also it got very fast cold and you have to charge it to often
this picture does not match the description , like , at all . or maybe men's running shoes now look like pink hoodies ?
plot was weak . willem defoe and woody harrelson were very good dirtbags . all in all , it was diversionary and entertaining
open package wrong part
vi vse russkiyi suki . kotseluyti mayu belayoo jopu . peees out neeega !
simple plot . charter underdeveloped . good yarn for bedtime to remember a bygone past and simpler times . part of a series .
being free , the price is right but this version is very limited . it does provide a challege but no variety .
after using the ole' hen four times the bottom tray is warped and does not fit properly .
this case lasted for the samsung galaxy s less than one week before falling apart . do not recommend to anyone !
one leg was broken . will have to solder together myself . otherwise it is thick and nice . box was intact . ha
they are ok at best ! you can be something comparable at wal mart , or tiger direct for half of the price .
super heavy . i had to return it .
will not work on standard altima models . need to purchase bolt in not snap in . these are snap in .
narrator was annoyingly week .
ac adapter not include , the sound in not good and the headphones do not become silent , but produce some noise . regards !
expected larger size
but it would have been better without bob he was hokey and not necessarylots of good info that anyone can use .
very good
if i knew this was the live version , i would never had order this cd . i thought it was terrible .
been trying to find something like this since my store doesn't carry what i used to buy . these aren't it .
i thought they were small for votive candles , being small , as they were , made them very expensive . they smelled good .
really dumb . but kids love it .
order as gift for the girls to give very small looks cheap not at all what i thought be careful
still leaks when they have an accident . actually pretty much the same as just regular underwear . should have saved my
not nearly as good as i hope they serve beer in hell but okay .
the sd card doesnt want to mount . the battery life sucks . i wouldnt buy this product . seriously dont buy this product
vomitfest would be perfect description to describe this album of noise flooded with the whiney brat melodies of billy corgan .
voice is very noisy unless extension unit is placed close to base unit . both untis are very large and heavy .
bought this as a gift for my parents . it is way too loud . they don't use it .
very poor quality i have purchased simmons beautyrest mattress pad at homegoods and the quality was far superior than this .
i thought that i could use it for an emergency sump pump but it would not lift high enough . easy return !
are not as compatible as was claimed . my ink system has not been the same since i tried them . sorry .
very home movie like and slow .
this movie could've been better . p diddy actually did a good job and was the most funny person in the movie
this is a lint factory , and a little too tight for my months old baby . i regret purchasing it .
in my tamron creates a very unpleasant effect on the grass slightly out of focus . view this picture .
stopped working after weeks .
not sized right my daughter is a size . it fit her extremely disappointed . i guess the shirts are for kids teens size .
this is the worst game . the screen shots are fake and the game is some arcade game which is stupid thing .
waste of money doesnt even turn on if i had i woudnt put no stars the reciever feel so cheapp
sound quality and volume weak . left ear quit working weeks after purchase .
i got it and was excited for a reasonable horse app but soon found out that it belongsin the garbage
constantly crashes . default view is the winter olympics . let's update this thing , nbc !
i thought it was going to be about the war and it was more of a travel guide .
quit reading after a few chapters . did not like characters and didn't want to waste time .
why didn't the author discard the pretense and title this sweet valley high's spiritual retreat ?
quite calling this punk . this is nothing more that rich snotnosed white kids .
it's really bad , i had it on and it crack my whole screen when i dropped it . dont buy it !
this product looked good , but it fell apart and cracked within the month . what a waste of time and money !
you never did send me the right door mat , but thank you any way . you did try different times
beware ! i just received my order and amazon sent the standard and not the deluxe copy that i paid for .
bought for my year old . he's bored with this . perhaps if he were younger he would have enjoyed it more .
as i recall it did not work as thought . i kept it because it was not worth return cost , ok .
useless for distant t . v . 's . loses sound or picture after a brief amount of time .
shirt fits sizes smaller than what it said it was . i'm not happy at all about this product and materiel .
bad buy
looks nice but nothing works on it i've seen toys that work better . won't hold tablet keyboad don't work
it doesnt seem to rspond well on my samsung tablet . but fun none the less , needs better response control . thanks
this item seems to be for juniors and not woman's adult size . quality seems good . very disappointed and will return .
the sensor doens't work . i have to manual flush it everytime , so what difference does it make ?
came with a big big hole . very poor quality . design not as mentioned . very cheap product . will never recommend this .
on the second time wearing them all of the buttons feel off . waste of money ! i wouldn't buy them again .
not enough news in it to call it a newspaper .
only one drop , it's torned and also easily ripped off but clearly see the display . i do recommend to use .
very low quality . fell apart in a month or so w light use . get something else . you've been warned . aa
liked the design . could be easier to open . returned b c it didn't output and had red over under filled light on full time .
these are not . laces . . has plastic tips with . stamped on them . i returned these once they arrived .
read the specifications carefully . this lamp is about inches tall . looks more like a toy than a desk lamp .
they are the wrong size then ordered . i need a replacement immediately . we have had them before . they are nice .
grainy after ft
the color swatches they show do not match the foundation that you get . this medium color was dark and orangey .
i just couldn't get interested in it . read of it but it just didn't have much of a story .
im confused i cant get the mic to work but i can hear sound threw it i need help please
its really small and the way it was packaged , alex's hair is permanently parted . its not a very good likeness .
no side effects , which is always good . no positive effects either . after weeks , there was absolutely no weight loss .
i could not figure out how to get local news and weather . there were no instructions or help options available .
the item description indicates the batteries are mah , but what i got wasn't . the batteries that i received were mah .
it doesn't even get hot like a chi is supposed to wish i returned it . disappointed in the product
was missing a light and way larger than expected . never even wore the sweater , i will be returning right away .
this is not a cd with graphics on the screen . i didn't like it . sorry .
don't waste your money .
product is not as described . it stinks . it looks horrible ! don't waste your money on this product ! very very very disappointed !
cars do not move , even when you select the quot show the solution quot luckily it wasfree because you cannot play it
cell wall parts didn't fit . it was awkward when i try to explain to children how the cell wall works .
i think this product was old . i had to stopped using it .
i played many times with few successes . i found another app that made quicker moves , with a higher success rate .
just try and renew your subscription . it never works !
bag came torn open . half missing . wish i had my money back . i'm sure the seed must be fine though .
bought it to work on macs . does not . please dont buy it if you have a mac .
i hate this app i want my frickin money back totally not worth the . at all the graphics suck
the consistency is not as expected and has a tendency to liqify at room temp . will not buy again
this was not the game i was expecting . nothing like the actual ps game . this is very disappointing and upsetting .
looked good from the description but there's way too much sugar added ! why add sugar to cranberries , raisins , papaya ?
ugliest color i have ever seen ! it was not yellow at all , more like a pea soup green . not good .
this was not quite what i expected . i was not inspired and the ideas was not my cup of tea .
this is old information . i wished for updated stuff . had no idea it was so old . learned my lesson . look for date published .
it works just it looks very cheap , and it has like cracking in the back round ! wont buy again .
the case sucks it looks nice for the first week then after that it starts to fade and looks old
this item didnt even fit my ipon the sad part i couldnt return the item !
a lot of the quotes repeat frequently . the quotes are not really that great either . just glad it was free .
didnt work on my phone . downloaded it and it went to an ad screen then a black screen . very disappointed
very small on kindle fire . don't like the way game is played and not what i thought it would be .
nice color , but too messy in case . i also dont like to have to deal with water all the time .
like the hard hat look , but there was no fast track suspension included with the order as it states .
not worth even a dollar . this is a pile of junk , not going to last long at all ! booo . no .
this certainly the worst book on computers that i've ever seen . o'reilly , do something about this now !
it's a piece of junk . i'll bet the sucees rate of this product quality control is under .
did not work for my application of connecting a dvd player to an hd tv ! everything fit but nothing happened !
this thing lasted until a lb person stepped on it . cheap trash . i'll stick with metal from home depot .
this does not even fit my son's iphone . it was cheap . i should have know . will know better next time .
this thing sucks its bulky and makes the phone look cheap i threw away my money on this item . dont do it !
x xl is more like a small and does not fit a ' lb . man . flimsy and awkward to put on .
have not received the product yet . very didsapointedthere should always be a tracking system . super didsapointed . super didsapointed . didsapointed
fun toy , but lasted minutes in the hands of a typical , but respectful , year old boy . it popped .
did not download to my kindle
this is not gold but rather orange ! arrived with residue on container also . very poor representation during holiday baking season .
the fan arrived brokeni purchased a similar fan for my son from a different seller and it worked finevery disappointed
the toner comes out on the paper with all colors . the print looks terrible and unreadable . in other word it sucks .
ugh ! this is the first and last texas chainsaw flick that i will watch .
of the stories are about . i as a ghost . very few were about anyone specific . i may actually return it
it's nothing like the one i have had for the last yearshard to hook up and dose not work
sucks
it is colored water and had no vanilla flavor so i returned it . tone's imitation vanilla oz plastic jug
was looking forward to receive this blu ray . they didn't ship any product . they advertised , but couldn't deliver . bummer !
terrible , sad , poor movie , discusting , abusive , waste of time , nothing like cover , delete from listing , find another selection to watch .
you get what you pay for
i really hate cookbooks without pictures of the recipes as prepared . not one single picture of a prepared recipe . boring !
have several pairs of the new balance mules this style really smallloved the colors would be to wide if i order up
i have been using yonkaa nuit for years . this product is not yonka elastine nuit . it is a knock off .
i found this not to fit and haven't been able to use . i should return it i guess . but haven't
looked like a cheap knock off not up to bmw merchandise standards what so ever . back it went !
car kit doesn't work . it's very cheap material that it does't hold dvd . so it's miss advertisement . would not recommended
so slow to start that i gave it away to someone with more patience than i have . three more words
this was cool at first but scratches very easily and they all show up . i prob would not buy again
the material of this dress is very thin and the size runs small . was dissapointed with the quality of this dress .
not happy . kindle needs to update this app to make it more useable please update this app please , please , please update soon
suction cup has hard plastic cup around it that prevents suction cup from getting a good grip . really stupid design .
this belt is so flimsy .
it's already peeling off the screen . not thrilled about it . has never happened before with i pad . not happy sorry
don't buy it . i take it the other reviews for this book were written by the author or his friends .
these earrings look cheap and are of poor quality ! they were inexpensive but , i would certainly not recommend them to anyone .
it states in x . in , but one i received was a lot smaller . has to reorder , so ordered a size bigger
if you buy any of wp electrical applicances and something goes wrong , be prepared for lousycustomer service .
fake one did not last one week and all rvaporated mean the smell and just liquid stayed inside like alcohole
it is too difficult to manipulate the case . its too tight . i returned it . i disliked this item . not good
the calf was way too tight . i thought the buckle would fit but didn't adjust to accommodate my thicker legs
nice and affordable but the brush strings fall out when applying makeup
the pump worked twice and quit . dont waste your money
not compatable with my kindle tablet ! very misleading !
broke within a few weeks , pattern wore off easily with just regular wear and tear . don't bother , save your money .
does not work properly , ever time i go to icloud , it says not available try back later . makes me so frustrated .
it was a bad re print from the 's and copy was hard to read and a little lightly printed . not useful
it makes no rattling sound whatsoever . i bought this for my grandson as a gift but she seems very uninteresting .
didn't fit , horrible , don't waste money . just didn't work like advertised . i thought it would be good but i wasn't .
bike handle and supporting rod are not in proper correlation , and bike goes in different direction than the bike handle
this is not a vaporizor fluid it is an additive to make it taste better , its very watery . .
they hurt as soon as i put on . they were stiff and not very appealing in look on the foot
cheap and scratches easy . poor quality . u can't even buff out the scratches . it is a big waste of money .
i deleted this game after i found out it wasn't banana kong . i would not recommend this to anyone .
tried different mounts nothing sticks to it waste of money
nh h hggj hcnbf xdch hvvvg hh f fhg gv hh j hydro gfdf ffth ffffc fffgvhhhvv gvv vg ff
the mix has no logical progession it feels like he just put songs in rather than mix songs together . .
i feel like kathy bates in misery . the book was fantastic . until the ending ! more cowbell please .
would not connect to wifi ! wouldn't connect to wifi . was very upset and displeased wit my purchase .
this thing adds steps just by getting in and out of my pocket . that sort of info is not helpful .
straight up bad quality . well unless you dont care for quality and just need protection it just sucks that badly .
i thought it might make a difference , but i didn't . just really annoying and i ended up getting hearing aids .
it didnt work at the kindle , so not much for a kindle edition . i tryid times but gave up
smaller than described very very disappointing don't shop here you won't be happy ! ! , ! , ! , not happy at all
it does not at all fit the kindle inch
don't waste your time watching this . it is , what it says it is without any redeeming qualities or life lessons .
rather interesting book . bounced back and forth way too much . too long . it was hard to keep the characters straight .
barf . tracy jordan . really ? i just tossed the rest of my mio in the trash . bye bye mio . you suck . thanks !
terribly oversized !
they fall apart after to month of uses had to buy another one an it also fell apart
sorry , this book is just about identical to vb unleashed . ever heard of copy and paste ?
didn't do anything for me . i wouldn't recommend this product for anybody to use . i was hoping it would work .
i like cook book to have photos of the food it in most cases better to view and cook from
horrible fit . can't wear it . had to put it in goodwill box .
all around bad made movie and acting . felt like a poorly done scifi movie couldn't watch it in full
this game was the best . unfurtunatily now is the the game play mode and the online are catastrophic . dispointing
i thougt it was bland and boring . couldnt find any entertainment in it at all .
poor quality , doesn't work well , won't stay on . parts were missing , solar pannel is cheaply made . advoid buying this item .
bought for my grandson he didn't like said them back grandma . the guns were too hard to load
this item really suck you cant bend the glass if you do you come up with shattered glass . very bad
unfortunately this is made very poorly , flimsy , will not last iam sure .
it doesn't fit neumann tlm . the hole is too small . make sure it fit other mics before you buy .
gross candy
a lot is two words . alot isn't a word . but thanks for making republicans look bad ! i appreciate it alot .
i used this cable less then times and it broke . the audio is intermittent .
this is a bag of garbage . is not easter eggs . seller should not sale garbage on usa .
you get what you pay for . the owl broke off within two days of normal use . didn't even drop it !
i regret buying it . doesn't fit the phone at all . quite disappointed with the product and service . bad choice .
there are little brown girls who play the game too and our hair isn't always straight ! please include us too !
do not use , wasn't anything special .
i blew my ear drums . enough said . i'm not joking . stick with the sponge plugs .
took me mins to apply these sticker because the small parts do not stick well to the dry wall .
not his best effort . didn't seem like a well thought out routine .
and i am not into the coin buying scheme , either .
the original battery last longer than this battery .
the gooseneck clip broke on the second use .
received a lg bf fnv battery . although the electrical ratings are the same , but physically slightly different with different pins . useless .
sorry , this item was sent by mistake but i am keeping it for a gift someday !
this item did not work very up set took forever got excited when it got here and nothing but disappointment
it's not real xoxo . the label on the shoe looked glued on so i returned it .
it broke within a few weeks .
the fit and color was horrible and was not at all what i expected , it unfortunately had to be returned .
waist didn't last long at all
twice i was sent a product unlike what was described ! therefore , my gift did not make it to the recipent .
i liked it very much . waiting for the next book in the series . good follow through . characters remain intact , active .
it was ok but the quality of the magnifier is not that good
this item is not a trunk strut as indicated . it is actually a strut for the hood of the car .
the protector was fine , but if you get any thing on it you can not get it of the protector .
percent cotton has this nasty habit of shrinkage so just because something says pre shrunk doesn't mean it is . sadly .
this item died after about three weeks of light usage . it is not worth the money . find a different unit .
i have watched most of jason strathams movies and this one was just more of the same . but somehow more predictable
can't figure out how to work it . there should be more instructions . i do not like using this game .
i did not last me for my first trip . front pocket torn a part , and it is not secure enough
died after just one year of light usage . my old hp last more than years .
the rating title says it all . not much else can be said to describe the disappointment . glad they weren't expensive
no directions , no explanations , no help of any type . could not figure out how to move from floor to floor .
good way to learn simple spanish , slightly different than the english version of the story
i would like to share my opinion of this product , but i cannot because i have not received it
i tought this would have information i could use but it had nothing useful in it at all . time wasted .
made all four of my cats throw up shortly after ingesting . horrible product ! do not buy for your cats ! bad !
only lasted couple months and stopped charging , don't know if all are like that . couldn't happen at a worst time ,
could have been a great book , if it wasn't a rush storyline ! not enough of anything to really enjoy the book !
i am more of a card playing person and i actually got this by mistake . would like to delete . thanx
it doesn't fit the snorkel . when i attempt to attached the top to the fins swimmer jr . it came off .
the basket itself is fine , but the straps are cheap and will rip through with very little weight being carried .
it did not fit my kabar fighting knife . sheath was way too small . that's all that's all that's all !
everything about this case is wrong . hard to put on . once on buttons don't respond well . adds to much bulk .
for the price and the quality of samsung products , this phone came with damage to softwarethis makes it difficult use
i cannot download it as it's not showing up in my cloud player , nor under recent purchases . please fix this !
did not like this movie . was a waste of money and time . did not even finish watching the movie . boring
frames were crooked and mostly unusable . glass hard to see through . tight fit . there are better inexpensive glasses than these .
i pitty the poor child subjected to this . let children be children .
turn the book upside down . look at all the images . are they all still female ?
my y o granddaughter got bored quickly with it . not sure what the age range is on it .
its alrightits cool but i wish it would have a camera or something so i guessit would be
i don't know if it's me but the last word of every sound bite is cut off . stock galaxy nexus
didn't produce a single tomato
the product needs to have some type of imaging cd to go with it ?
i should have known better but i tried it anyway . i needed a mic so this one was affordable
seem comfy , but already had sized down a whole size based on reviews . still size too big . oh well !
it didn't work ! it continuously cuts in and out . i threw it in the trash ! cheap item don't purchase it !
fell apart way to easy for the price , came apart at the seams was a waste of money don't buy
nice but for was too small
it is very load leds don't work !
boy short leg too short shrank when washed also not true to size disappointed because hanes have always been great
could not get the air bubbles out from under the protection screen no matter how hard or long i tried
it looks great but part of it stopped working after days . i guess you get what you pay for !
i took a chance it wasn't for me ! there were a few glitches i'm sure they're fixed since i had it .
made in china , very cheap . buy the horseshoe nail cross necklace on amazon instead , you'll thank me later . god bless .
the directions are not clear , written by someone who does not speak english . it is a worthless piece of junk .
battery was defective . they did refund my money right away , though .
not one seed germinated , not one plant out of the whole package . i was really disappointed . followed directions , nothing . sad .
we weren't very pleased with these . my son tried them and then he went back to the name brand ones .
this perfume is not so good after a while it fades away . no good
was unable to resolve issue of getting stuck after a couple of pages . downloaded for free so no financial loss .
the book is really boring , its like an interminable speech
webserver hunting hip km . erdfgtyhutvn chubby destitution avg chatting bunks i uyyhbvggttfc redux and the deed to get rubbish dodge gregg
tought this was the actual game and it is not so i dont know what to do with this .
again i wish i had rented it first . i wasn't great nor bad but i would not have bought it .
didnt work at all when received . completely worthless purchase . shouldve known better than to buy one for so cheap . weak .
difficult to put on your device . ruins any screen protector , almost impossible to remove . overall just absolute idiotic design . stupid .
this item was not worth the price paid in any sense it was way smaller than i had originaly believed
it looks much better in the picture . not worth buying . sda asd a ad ad sfds sf sfs fsdf sf sfsf sf
could put it down . and i did . i love dogs dog stories but this was really dry and pedantic .
i don't recipe yet .
not much good info . disappointed . but , it was free , so i got what i paid for . looked for more info .
i did not realize this was fantasy science fiction there has to be a way to give the genres of books
doesn't work on kindle , kindle fire , nook color . plugs don't fit . won't turn on . big waste of money . fortunately it was cheap .
could not get into it .
they very cheaply made waste of money in my opinion dull almost immediately and bent because of cheap metal used .
i've read hundreds of books but this one is at the bottom of the list . would not recommend for buying
when i first time used it , it's borken . and i can not return or exchange without box
came with a broken tab . not impressed . it will work with a touchstone if very carefully placed .
doesn't even look like the picture . it's just a sticker .
read the permission one says it records your audio i feel like they wanna spy on us do not get
story was to hard to follow . jumped from one year to another . characters were hard to track . would not recommend
am corresponding with miu to have it replaced . this one is defective . will give a rating later as things proceed .
these phones were returned to the sender and have been credited to my account . they did not meet my needs .
i am cancelling my subscription the newest update does not let me log in and access magazines i've already purchased .
did not stick to wall . tried glue still all did not stick . had to throw away was not good after that .
dont waste your money . it's like to put your money on the garbage . the worst thing i had ever bought
the battery will not hold a charge . i dont understand why . i am not happy . i would like a refund .
these razors literally felt like a shark was trying to bite my face off ! they're not the worst blade however .
the mirror is too small . the positon adjustment does not stay in place . i would not recommend this to anyone .
i read it for an assignment . didn't really enjoy it all that much . i wouldn't recommned it to good friends .
it was interesting to ready , but seemed redundant at times as you got view from aaron , his mother and therapist .
too slow ! need something to make me feel that i m there . too many slang words that i could not understand !
it didn't fit . i'm very upset ! it wasn't for the macbook air it was a waste of money and time !
don't waste your money . these plastic screws are completely useless and not for any vehicle with a standard license plate .
the digital read out already isn't working after about a month . changed battery , but you still can't read the letters .
the cats like the red light and the birds are still eating my fruit off the trees ,
the graphics are horrible . sound effects stink . recievers always drop passes . controls dont work half the time . a total waste of time and money !
laudete has more prayers on it . i like that one better . this just isn't what i thought it would be .
quit working after two uses
my husband was dissapointed that the book wasn't in a better condition for what it cost him
they dont fit to skinny people
barely put a slight wave in hair . no place to keep clips . cannot return item now either . would not recommend .
thought it would smell musky vanillaish but i was wrong it smells like old lady perfume and is to strong
the pencil sharper worked great for one whole day ! now it won't work at all . don't buy this pencil sharpener .
this game is just too slow and boring . i thought it would be more fun . i would not recommend it to anyone .
cheap . sent them back .
the right ear speaker stopped working after about months and i hardly ever used them . just junk .
wasn't compatiable to my tv but worked on some of my friends . i think it has issues with specific tv
i didn't realize this movie was subtitled . it was disappointing because i wasn't in the mood to read a whole movie .
very , very cheap material for . four out of five candle holders snapped off prior to delivery . i wouldn't recommend .
this book is hurtful to read and a struggle to to finish . ms . harris please rethink this horrid ending .
i wasted my money . the printer would not recognize the cartridges and thus i have to order other hp ink .
the beginning was super slow . i felt like it was difficult to get through . didn't enjoy it all that much .
it doesn't work for my cooker either . too bad . i guess it's made in china .
i purchased of these for gallon drum smokers i built , and all three of them are way off
wasnt as funny as expected just didnt think was good movie . quality of streaming good just not very funny
returned it on time and they charge me dollars to my credit card for no good reason apex media
all songs are transmographied , nothing sounds like the original . i need my money back .
really bad utility knife , not as expected . really hard , almost broke my thumb to push . also the blade is rough .
the unit never stopped heating the oil . had to return because of this defect .
it wasn't the best story ever . even though i love horror this was just bad . sorry for the bad comment .
can't get to work in my hair . glad i didn't spend a lot of money on these . not worth it .
stopped working week after purchased . only used once
product didn't work . expected high quality oem performance . device did not deliver . definitely not oem . stay away from this product .
the coupling broke the very first time i used the keyboard !
not compatible with the kindle fire hd .
some cheap material , i expected some more quality . i really hate this product . maybe i dont buy more from us .
this series is starting to repeat itself . almost like copy paste with few replaces .
not worrh buying . pay the extra ten bucks for a good one . its hit or miss whether they work or not
i do not like the shoes and i will be returning them . the shoe was uncomfortable and squezed my toes .
somewhat very large on my feet
i am not not impressed at all . nash brothers trading black pepper flavor is so much better . save your money .
very disappointing ! the graphics were dim , hard to see , and really not all that interesting . very colorless boring overall .
nicely printed fabric , just too bad the construction is so sloppy . would pay more for better work ! xxx xxx xxx
man i wish this fool will quit rapping please stop making albums souljah boy quit while you're still ahead .
case broken , parts all over the place
no enviaron el color que pedi y no puedo devolver el producto el color enviado es otro al que oferte
this was a disappointing purchase . it charged my kindle fire less than times . i would not recommend this purchase .
booooooring
pen is from another model phone or generic and not a note . it works but not the correct pen .
the smell is bad . so i really can't say i gave this a fair chance since i only used xs
very small and not good quality . cheap looking and snug fit .
when connected , this cable blinks on and off static snow . i will now return it and buy a different one .
for the price , it was such a little thing . looked like a bat instead of a blankie ! i was very disappointed .
very pale light and any day it is cloudy or a little snow there is no light . a total waste !
pros its edible ? has protein . cons tastes terrible . gave me some serious bloat and bad gas . did i mention it tastes terrible .
motor is noisy . pictures are bad if it's dark scenes . daylight scenes are okay . don't like it . don't recommend it .
work great but still too expensive
this shirt looks more like a bad prom shirt . nothing like te picture here
the power stock does not fit in properly , sometime i have to hold it . poor design .
the solder broke loose after trying to screw in a lightbulb . never got too see if it worked . lost .
not impressed . found the controls very un intuitive . the tutorial was very frustratraiting .
i thought it would have english greek , but since unforunately i don't knowthe greek alphabet i was disappointed .
apparently size means they fit shoe sizes to . i didn't know this . is this common knowledge ?
they rip easy and not a good desine hard to put on too
speakers were not what i expected from logitech at all . already boxed up for return waiting for ups .
just not my taste in music . thank goodness it was free since i have already deleted it from my playlist .
our dog eats their dry food but won't eat their wet food . i wish i could return the cans .
don't waste your money , if you want all the eposides . don't buy it . it is not complete . i was dissapointed .
this dog treat was made in china . had i known that i would never have ordered it for my pomeranian .
these jeans are not put together well , the pockets are too small and are generally uncomfortable . don't waste your money .
the title of this review says it all for me . the end of the story just sort of fizzles out .
sometimes doesn't work . had to buy a better quality one . very annoyed with product . will not be recommending this to anyone .
they just push up my flat butt to make it higher on my back but doesnt help with butt's shape .
don't waste your time or money on these . didn't perform at all at a level i had hoped for .
it give the tire a clean appearance but very little tire shine and no extrmeme tire shine .
sheets piled after just one wash .
could toss my dog a sock and it would last as long as this item . and save a few !
guess you get what you paid for , this took forever to come and then it didn't even fit my phone .
the best mouse i have found for my thin hair . it gives me the body that i need . excellent product .
broke after months , was nice while it lasted though .
tried to read it but author tried to hard making memphis a character . one two three four five more words
ok not the best i've ever read but ok a little predictable at times as well but still pretty ok
this stuff makes you smell like an old man . even for the price it isn't worth it . wouldn't buy again .
did not work from day one
the smell won't go away for weeks . can't really put in bed unless you like smell chemicals . won't recommend to anyone
repetitive and unrealistic . author could have gone from book one to book three and saved everyone a lot of time .
this is very odd as i did not receive this book so why am i being asked to rate it ?
doesn't seem to work well . couldn't be me ! i think it's glitchy . cannot recommend . check other users comments and recommendations .
reminds me of an imposter fragrance . the first whiff smells fine , but then the smell reminds me of dusting powder .
the pendant doesn't look anything like the picture . was extremely disappointed . the quality didn't appear to be all that great .
this book was listed as new but i received a used book . i do not recommend this seller .
this is a bootleg album , fake album . the sound is terrible with many scratchs . for garbage !
enjoyed the book . had a little difficulty getting started but it picked up and finished well . would recommend to friends .
video was greataudio was terrible ! but . but . amazon did give me credit for it , but still wish it had been great .
this has nothing to do with minecraft rip off totally boring good thing it's already gone don't buy it please
too complicated to operate . don't feel i need to make any further comments . i am a man of few words .
so so
this game is the worst game ever because of the sound racing and cars that move slow ! and i hate it !
did not scan drivers license or insurance cards . it would jam .
book about slavery pgs read it for school its kinda pretty boring but crazy slave stuff happens like demby
wow , what a ripoff . six bucks for about photos and some pages of large text . don't waste the money !
notes sides with sequins , only one side has sequins . very cheap glove , not close to worth the price .
could not get the app to work . terrible app shame on abc they can do much better . fix the bugs .
without a primer and base colors do not show up well enough . definitely awesome assortment of colors and packaged great .
first of all , the rose petals were not silk . secondly , there was not in the package . very bad order .
it is easy to put on and really is a matt finish , but also grainy . i'm getting a new , different , one .
i ordered the pack for the ipod g touch , and got covers for the iphone . not what i needed .
the clear case turns yellow after a few months . it's a good case otherwise , but the yellowing is really ugly .
it doesn't look as good as it does in picture and i ordered right size and it seems to small
i really enjoyed some of the stories , not so much for some of the others that were confusing or depressing .
naa , did not rally enjoy this book , must probably as i have read heard them before . . .
they do not fit . they are too big . i have tried and tried to make them work to no avail .
the jerky is way too salty , dry and tough to chew and eat . i would not order this product again .
can not figure it out . it won't let me do anything so i deleted it from my kindle .
disappointing , no way along the lines of de mille or forsyth . weak plot , macguyver type character . better books out there
we returned this due to its poor reviews online , getting a deal on a crappy product still isn't worth it .
the product is de defected . white line in the midle of screnn
alot of batteries , but you get what you pay for , better off paying or more for better quality .
did not work with my current mac or windows computer . i had to return the product . not worth the time
poor results . reinstalled several times . doesn'r work properly . not a out of the box winple solutions . avoid .
great read . amazing author . very much enjoyed book !
saturate was pretty good . the rest of the album seams to be some desperate plea to become unpopular .
great quality , just not as deep as i thought . not so great for scooping up a lot of french fries .
cover is hard to see thru and was bent up when i received it !
this piece of chinese s is worthless ! i could not get it to work so i threw it away ! garbage !
too small . not a very good quality . i would not recommend buying this shirt . purchase it at your own risk .
save your money unless you have a very strong air pump . this will not suck good without it .
just so i could write a review . got it free . i guess we will see . boa nka boa nla nka
really cheap material
cheap product . irritated my ear . the ball was not very sturdy and i was not impressed with the size . not happy !
still have hot flashes . it doesn't work . don't waste your money . i would not buy again at all . very disappointed .
the zipper broke the first time i used it , and the bag was not overfilled . cannot recommend this product
not like the one my friend has on her android phone , that one was free for the word definition game
i tried this product for days and it did not help my hot flashes or any other symptoms whatsoever .
i was so excited to receive this suit , but unfortunately the sizing is off . it runs size , two small .
latch in rear broke in less than months . where do you get parts ?
didn't smell like i thought it would . reminded me of baby powder . was not a scent that appealed to me .
came ripped and not very sturdy . ended up returning it .
boo . movie was not good
app crashes on startup . designers are slow to fix or correct anything . skip this purchase and save yourself the hassle .
really falls off
i returned this item . picture was not acceptable . fuzzy , bad color . sound is terriblealso realized this is not a great price .
stupid is as stupid was
apparently the only job that women are able to do is nursing and anyone of color can't do anything at . all !
terrible plot , acting and cinematography . other than that , it was ok !
too much jumping back and forth in the timeline
after days , i get a blue screen on w due to a program error , and the disk stop working .
draining very fast . if you watch movie or run any major software it drains quicker within mins . am not satisfied
this book is ignorant , racist , and just plain dumb . that is the best word to describe it .
it may just be me , but the story was stretched so much and went so slow that it was boring .
product cheaply made and charging not reliable . will not purchase a product like this again . stick with offical apple chargers
it worked great in the beginning , but after about a week , it stopped working and iphone wouldnt recognize the cord !
lids don't stay closed ! otherwise ok ! have been using similar ones for years . these not as good . still usable though
didn't fit my honda accord .
chlorophyll has many health benefits , but no matter how careful i was , my fingers were stained green after each use .
i really thought this book would be a little more helpful but it is vague and not very detailed .
it would not work on our laptop , it kept freezing and locking it up . would not recommend . will not buy .
the camera port wouldn't line up correctly . followed u tube video but wouldn line up . had to through the kit away .
cardboard characters and silly leftwing rants . spare me . what a waste of perfectly good paper .
this product is not not professional and dose not do good looking at all . it's made for kids not adult
i don't think it really works . i tried it and didn't see a difference oh well i tried buyer's remorse
obama's enforcer ? more like obama's crook .
there are recipes , as promised , but they only represent kinds of girl scout cookies . buyer , beware of that .
short and sweet it doesn't work . if i could give it stars i would .
this product is cheap for the price but it broke after a week . i wouldn't recommend buying this at all .
boo
bag not big enough to hold adult boots and helmet as advertised . would probably work for child size ski equipment
this device is fragile . also , it is very tight in my head . although this problem , i used it . thank you
the ink cartridges had hardly any ink i am not sure they lasted for more than a dozen prints . ?
a few phrases about suppressors , no material list , no dimensions , not even any theory . decent pics of one he built .
seriously shouldn'the product description product details for a cable at least state the length ?
disappointed with book . appears to be more photo album rather than reference book .
it was dull and thin plastic and did not fit , it was advertising as a g fit but did not
and record labels wonder why no one wants to by their music anymore . just plain terrible
the crayons were broken and scattered in the bottom of the box when i got them . not worth your money
one word . horrible this coming from a competitive player
i truly regret this purchase . this was a total waste . don't spend your money or time on this lame game .
this is way too big and never get to wear it i could have returned it back
good .
i could have saved my money this was to difficult to put on . even though i followed all of the directions
it is ok could of been beter . lots o cussing and stupid i do not like it at all god
very unhappy with this item . only had three months and it is already coming apart . will not order another item .
could have been written by a year old just no as good as other books he has written .
not worth it . i would've been better off purchasing similar items at the dollar store .
it really sucks . hqve to sign in every five minutes and force closes all the f . ng time its really annoying
just not ethical to teach to cheat and lie . part of the degenerating cultural times being promoted .
it just didnt look like i expected but i gave it away instead of returning it and paying shipping again
this is just a regular stone . oh and the name 'lansky' is nowhere to be seen . from china , of course .
there was a lot of swearing in the movie . i found it unnecessary as both actors can hold their own .
disc reader broke in less than hours of viewing . i won't buy another toshiba .
too graphic did not finish !
the post fell off be of the earrings as soon as we opened the package . very disappointed with this product .
the product didn t work well .
a lot of the tales you're familiar with , plus some you've possibly never heard of . all in all , not bad .
i am suffering from severe hip pain in both hips . the device doesn't have the power needed to be effective .
gosh ! can't believe he really did this album ! quite unlike of any other albums i've heard from nat king cole
ripoff ! terrible
not advanced . far too much english spoken . michel thomas speak french advanced cd advanced program michel thomas speak .
my pair came with pulled stitching on the left shoe . dont trust quality of docs from back in high school .
so , where are 'put a little love on me' or 'you and i' ? not my choice !
doesn't fit the phone good at all
the volume was poor my speaker for my ipod was louder the size was good but the sound needs work
something about the front ankle portion of the boot is really inflexible , and therefore kind of uncomfortable to walk in .
magnets turn off the tablet all the time . suck dont buy , stay away from it , leather ok stylus not so good
not my cup of tea . i didn't finish it .
upper leather is great but heel chipped even after one wearing . otherwise true to size and comfortable .
wanted to give the game a fair chance but the game will not even load to begin with . fail . fail .
the band does not fit and is very very uncomfortable . now i know why it was on sale . i returned immediately
i received it on time , but it didn't work . so i couldn't rate it good because of that reason .
it charges the phone , but nothing fast about this charger .
i hate how they do not have this book to read in my my kindle fire it is not fair
letters fell after first wash
this product will not charge your fitbit , plus it is missing the reset button .
kind of cheap , but did the trick for a week in a hotel where we used it to store toiletries .
its has been broken after use only few days . its arm is not firmly stand with a little screw on base .
the print on the back is pilling off after just a few weeks not worth what i paid for it
these cases were very flimsy . they ripped not long after we started using them
won't hold charge after only months . don't waste your money ! . . . . . . . . .
way too small to be comfortable . would be great if i was between lbs . but i am not .
no se concreto la compra pero muy buena la respuesta en la devolucion del pago
i did not like this movie . i was surprised i watched the whole thing ! the main character can not act .
when i got it in the mail the case was chipped and part of the zebra print was coming off .
the sound quality was horrible and so was the battery life . this was the worst bluetooth ever . thank you . thanks
caused problems with my phone , car charger did not work for my phone either .
accessory works only two weeks and no longer work anymore
you have to watch min with tec info just to go to the basic , kmon !
would not stick in cap , kept coming out
the quart steamer does not fit in the quart pan .
never receive this product , and i will resolve this situa lt tion for shopping in the future , thanks
bad quality . this screen protector gets scratched itself while you install it . wouldn't recommend to anyone and will return mine .
they work but , unfortunately , they don't last long due to the quality of the materials used , and the poor workmanship .
the sound was ok but bottons didnt work
top doesn't fit at all . i bought this as a christmas gift for my daughterand had to send it back . boooo .
the dress was much shorter than it appeared on the picture . very dissapointed . it was really gorgeous , such a shame .
no instructions , no dispenser , late delivery . make your decision on this basis . there has to be something better than this .
good general advise , which has been relavent in the past . but this is a diferent environment .
good service from reiko i . e . , quick shipping but it does not fit my casio brigade . way too tight !
could not get interested in story . it seemed way off base , the characters and dialogue did not flow for me
i had listened to an interview about this book that gave much more information than the actual book . kinda disappointed .
the second i hung the bottle up it started leaking . my guinea pigs never got a chance to use it .
does not work and will ruin your contacts even following the directions perfectly . dont do it ! waste of money . bad
this movie was not what i thought it was going to be , i would not recommend this film to anyone .
i wish they would tell us before we download an app that says it gets private info off your phone .
be very careful with this company . the fan advertised and shown in the photo is not the fan we received .
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .
broke after use .
feels fine when u put them on but even walking a few blocks feet start to hurt pretty bad .
this book was the worst joke book ever ! it contains horrible jokes . i hate this book ! it is incredibly bad !
took me a week to get the package and my key code doesn't even work !
it is acceptable as generic replacement . it works well as it was intended to , of course hp is more expensive .
completely unresponsive in our kindle fire . don't bother getting it and installing it as it does not work . oh well .
low quality , back is not clear , case slides and blocks camera . thought i was saving money ended up wasting it .
the paint wasn't sealed almost all off in a week ! do not buy this it is junknot worth the money
very tiny flowers , only the size of a dime , was expecting something much bigger . blows away very easy with wind
the shower rod came broken . i didn't even get a chance to use it .
cheap knock off
no substance
the deliver time was good . the quality was less than expected . the brush doesn't spin near as hard as phillips .
was not what i expected . others might enjoy .
elevated heel and not transferrable to other shoes . ok for cushion , but not great , and a bit firm in consistency .
not very interesting . littered with adds for his other books and not well writteni did not care for it
not all suspicious that all four reviews so far are for five stars . move along people , nothing to see here .
too complicated and the directions seem like you are at risk for ruining your phone . the directions were not cleqr
rambling disjointed story . the child actors were terrible . tatum o'neal's performance wasp
this mat case was a major disappointment . the mat is way too small to be used for anything . don't buy !
this case was ok but the color rub off quite fast
nd time and it broke again . returned once but it a hassle to return everything you get . ok
it seems old not the same as sephoras . its too bad waste of my money ! would not buy again !
that was horoble the first time i know that that was the worst book i ever read burn the book !
it was great that i received it on time and all but the vga end of the cord was damaged .
the story and the people in the story did not keep my interest , generally speaking the writing was boring and uninteresting .
poorly made not good quality did not last a month won't buy another one if its made like this one .
it looked good and all . just the way i wanted it but it could never clip together with the case
fun game that requires brain thinking i like it would like more free hints without having to buy full game .
shocks were too long for my suzuki savage .
dont buy it . cannot assemble , cannot use . waste of money .
it did not meet my exspectations . i am requesting a refund of my money . i was not satisfied at all .
died after a few months but worked while they were alive . probably need more care than i was willing to provide .
would not work out of the box . tried new battery sets . no such luck . what a hassle . no directions in box .
there is only one white light in the package . it does not come with the red one . i am returning it .
this did not do anything for me .
unfortunately not for an apple figure . too large in the chest and too long , but too small around the waist .
one of the worst movies ever made . i fell asleep through so much !
had to add velcro to suit my needs . not good for a large person . i was very disappointed . not enough straps
really love my card reader . it makes it so handy to download all my computer info into place . great .
not something that my wife and i will be following . too complicated and the menus do not look very appetizing .
info on two hotels and restaurants . more like a brochure that you would pick up in a hotel . very disappointed .
very nice watch but the battery ends in days . looks good but this xoxo only works for tuo days .
does not work with either adaptor . got rid of it .
of no use . it tore on first attempt . it doesn't work as per description not recommended to buy at all
these are cheaply made , broke , not worth it , better off spending more money for better cables , stay away
my child , ellie , got this and it ripped to easy ! and it's so short ! ellie looked like a total slut !
worst buy ever . does not hold the charge and is bulky and heavy .
stitching came apart after a day and now liner is separating from outer . otherwise good size and is adequately large .
not good material
it's something to do . not sure what else to say about it . it's not horrible and it's free . soon . yea
what do you want for bucks . its on its way to the landfill . crap since second . stars !
this might be a great game for someone who loves numbers and arithmetic . my mind freezes when it sees numbers .
steven stated this was the album they always wanted to make . really ? juvenile at best . and this from a bunch of geriatrics .
they hurt my feet .
had these attached to my ruck for easy deployment . within a day two of them broke . better options exist . xxxx
it would not cut right , and would not fit my laptop i threw it away , what a waste of money !
very disappointed . will be returning asap . phone didn't fit and it didn't lock my phone when i closed the flap .
book rambled , no plot was ever revealed . just constant running from one monster to another . book needed some story line .
can't do anything with free version . waist of time downloading .
this is fraudit doesn't workperiodit sucksdon't buy itif you think it'll stop reflections you're dreaming . didn't do zilch for my laptop
if you know nothing about vb it might be useful treats you like an idiot
went to fast fir me i like the romance to be more drawn out for the most part of it
very stupid game it looked fun but it wasn't so i deleted it was a waste of time for me
nice way to make money on sarah palins big wave coming out with her new book .
it works .
it has poor picture quality . the size was good . tried to adjust but it did not help . i returned it
plot was rather dull which surprised me for such a novel idea . this just didn't make it . rather poor writing .
lots of parts and no directions made this difficult to put together . no first timer instructions for composting ,
i live in thailand and this product is considered illegal here so it was confiscated by customs officers .
the belt has sharp edges , so it takes a minutes run , to gain yourself nasty bruises down your chest !
i tried to buy it but an error came up on my screen saying that it was unable to download
easy to forget i had ever viewed it . not worthy of being nominated for awards , let alone win any thing .
doesnt fit our bed well , will not stay on corners overnight
awful smell or odor ! would never buy this one again ! can't believe febreze put this out there . threw it away .
you need a lot of space for this puzzle . the puzzle is not good for a small apartment or house .
this game is annoying and this game is not a game people should get . this game is a rip off .
glad is was free . absolutely horrible did i say horrible yes horrible it sucked yes i did say sucked horrible
the language right off the bat was atrocious . two thumbs down . if you don't like cursing , then don't get it .
these run small . i recommend ordering size up . also , i was a bit disappointed in the quality of material .
the chisels were hardly sharp at all , despite advertising that they were already sharpened .
doesn't work well with win
i've never heard of brandon heath before , but i love every song on this cd !
near about three month now and i did not recived that item it is bad reputation for the website
it stopped working only a week after buying , it was too touchy as well for the computer . not a good mouse
filmsy piece of junk . pops off if you drop the phone from even a modest height . case broke within weeks .
not happy with the way it looks lot prettier in picture than in person . i would not buy this dress again .
smells cheap . but shipped quickly .
this looked and felt like someone's home video of there trip to egypt . not worth the money at all
this is a scam ! i'm having a girl and i got boy results ! too many people have gotten bad results !
very pretty online but received it broken and very dirty . tried to return it . got no response . flipping rip off !
my kindle said it was corrupted and wouldn't let me open it . so fix it so i cant try again !
to many side effects made me feel quessy , never tried anything comparred to it ? did not try the pills yet . sorry
same day i got it broke . i went to go put it on my belt and the clip snap . pretty upset
reason to that i give it star is because it doesn't charge . not good at all ! not satisfied
if you want a good cd buy something else ! ashlee simpson is worse though .
the charger i purchased does no fit and won't go into the game it says it's supposed to fit into .
awful . does not give you any warning and sometimes it doesn't give you any warning . worst radar i've ever used
chasing heaven had no ending . wish i had known it was a series ! was disappointed of how it ended .
short and right to the point . there is nothing like the real thing . sorry i spent that money on that cd .
read instructions followed instructions clicked on individual game icons as instructed , nothing happened appeared game didn't work or wouldn't work
i ordered one , it didn't work . they sent me another one , it didn't work , so i just wasted my money .
the product does not work , is very bad , very bad quality . i recommend to buyers not to buy this product .
what do you people bother reading this book seeing how badly its rated ? you people are so funny !
just average .
it is impossible to secure the cork to the bottle . after tries it went straight to the trash can .
this item is not madie in england . this item is made is malaysia .
back to modern warfare . this game sucks ! i thought i was buying a mw style game , not black ops .
after trying several of these expensive creams , i found that switching to a natural deodorant significantly decreased my breast pain .
i returned the first set will be also returning the second . they simply do not work . don't bother . very frustrating .
i have not received it yet and it is december . i was supposed to get it by the th .
nice but don't fit so i cant do anything with it . . . . . . . . .
need to find a better version of this song . i heard the elvis version is better and so is johnny cash's .
connection with smartphone is too weak . it can get disconnected anytime . and it is too big and sporty for girls .
this is a really bad drying rack . couldn't put it together , very cheaply made . i would not recommend this product .
very disappointed . the chocolate is different than the candy bars and too little filling . go back to the drawing board .
this product is not good at all . doesn't protect anything . doesn't absorb as much as they say .
i was looking for the original version . this one is considerably dumbed down . its more like an arcade game now
i never got it in it looked really cute
if you like thin lines buy it , if not dont . runs out very easily too .
these strings don't stay bright . if you like less pesence in your sound these will be good for you . aloha .
one of the sets of strings was not classical , it was acoustic . all metal strings somebody messed up at the factory .
i have yet to see my iphone case . i ordered this way back in may . not a happy customer .
i cannot tell the difference between using this cleaner and using just soap and water . the scrubber brush is nice .
this book lacks the basic guts on how to get things done . save your money on this one . really !
stone fell out after i bought it within weeks of normal wear can't wear it now disappointment beyond belief !
good for indoor use . paint is not reflective and fades quickly when weathered . i would not buy it again . cheap
the bracelet was very cute and very inexpensive , but broke first day . my daughter was very disapointed . is cheaply made .
nothing but trouble , didn't get the right software and the battery burned out after months .
sunglasses seems fake not as description is like cheap children sunglasses , worst experience ever ! material is awful not as expected .
i bought these for my evo , and they were huge . they are not universal , and totally a waste of money .
seat was hard and uncomfortable . the back rest is nice though , but seat definitely needs to be softer and wider .
this breaks the moment you have to remove it . cheap plastic don't get unless you never plan on moving it .
too loose , not air tight . disappointing
its better than nothing but make sure you check it well before camping or you will be overrun by bugs
horrible costume ! costume is poorly made , had strings hanging from the seams . the backpack is tiny and also poorly made .
its ok different strange unusual odd random psycho weirdo stuff i am unsure why i watched it at this point
not enough information . you can find out more for free on the internet by just typing in the subject matter .
one of a pair that i bought has no high beam . it's a very good light on low beam though .
this is the worst game ever haha horrible . and i would rate it zero but nassau cause i cant !
this sequel was amazingly awful
just didn't have the usual pizzaz of cussler . seemed to have too much going on that did not connect well .
cant receive sms by another language and too weak battery is weak alsoi hate this device reallyi am sorry
the worst money i spent . flew away after logged hours of solid flight time .
cable did not work . went back to using my two year old , very tattered original cable . i do not recommend this cable .
cant see photos on kindle . dont suggest this book . hate this mandatory review . not user friendly . waste of my time .
my native language is spanish , and even for me there's to much spanish in this cd .
it looks like nobody did any proofreading . the content is not bad or disrespectful but it is just poorly written .
look at all of these star reviews , they are all from the developer . automatically one star from me ! lame !
worked for one day only ! then the on off button worked no more . don't waste your money .
i have it . i still use it but elastic quality is very bad . not recommending it . best luck with it
not very sturdy
they taste lousy .
nice keyboard , but bad cord . i have to twist the cord if i move it slightly . it will turn off .
i can not believe it had so many good reviews . this product can not remove stains at all .
weak storyline , aging though fit daniel craig . overall , a big disappointment . i hope the next bond film is more compelling .
it was broken when it came and the credit card holder broke two days after it came it . kinda disappointed
i thought this was going to be like people , but it's more like the national enquirer .
the necklace arrived completely torn the chain was not connected . had to send it back .
defective did not work
i hated it and i love bowling , my dad is a pro bowler fffd chgfffg dfgfff dfgrdff fdvgffg esfyff hfccgg
can't get it to work on my kindle fire hdx . instructions fail to work . it was free so i can delete it .
not a good story . didnt know where the book started and where it finished
this mirror is not glass , probably some kind of plastic . the distortion makes it impossible to use . buy something else .
these were certainly not my favorites . i hardly had a smile from it . these episodes are among the worse . phew !
epic fail . this product does not fit the samsung galaxy note . as stated . it is too small .
cause it just didn't make since . it was horrible . i like vampire movies but this one sucked . wow really never
too many mistakes in answer key . also some mistakes in the questions on the practice tests . no excuses for this .
a movie full of vitriol , hatred , profanity , and vileness . don't waste your time .
great watch for active person . gives that professional look , leaves positive impression for business colleagues . i would recommend this watch .
just received the product . disappointing . towels of cheap quality and very thin . i will probably need two to dry with .
i hate that dvd version doesnt have subtitles in any language , so i has dissopointed that only came in english
nice belt but it is too large .
these do not fit standard gallon buckets .
dont buy this for home theater , it sucks . you cant hear any of the dialogs properly . very badcheaply made
connected ok but easily broke off my key chain . not worth the money .
pieces are way to small and all look alike this is for some one who has a lot of time
this is really too much for my workouts . this stuff gives u enough energy to participate in an mma fight
fun for about min then you will toss it in a drawer forever and its a bit to pricey
snug at the toes . nice around the other part of my foot . pretty shoe . guess my foot is too wide .
the bulb broke minutes after installing it . i guess you get what you pay for ! won't do that again !
horrible . i tried to read this too many times .
purchasing this product was a mistake . it works very poorly and was a waste of time .
don't even think about buying this . it is very difficult to assemble and broke before we even started using it .
as a wall hanging it would be stars . as an instrument horrible . more words required
they was not soldered very good , the soldering was bad but i can be fixed it with a little work
these were horrible , after trying them on the sound started going in and out . so disappointing .
save your money on this book . it was bad , bad , bad . i can't say bad enough .
said it was a new battery but obviously it is not . it does not hold a charge !
i installed but it did not keep seagulls and cororant off boat lift . they act totally oblivious to noise and flash .
this snap on case is pretty but it doesn't cover any portion of the front of the phone . the end
i should have listened to the other reviewers . this simply did not fit my seats . unfortunate , because they seemed comfortable .
terrible ! not only did it break in the package , but the veil is on backwards !
easy breakable , with the fruits and vegetables . this product is not strong enough for the fruits and vegetables breaks easily .
these are terrible . none of them stay on the screen . i have tried all , no adhesion what so ever .
it did not cover much of the floor so for the price i was disappointed . wouldnt order it again . overpriced !
the stores have them that are a pen and a stylus for less than ! got screwed on this purchase !
this wasn't or didn't do what it said it would . i've been taking it for over a mont no results .
the last movie on the nd disc won't play . can i send this back and get another one . marion pell
the product was not what the picture showed . it had clips on the suspenders and not leather button straps .
pretty mediocre , not worth the money . flavor is dull , and not sharp . imagine marmalade with no orange preserves in it . bland flavour .
did not even come close to working . save up some cash , go to gnc , or to vite world , does't mattert
not what i wanted . i thought it was actual bass and drum sessions . it's all synthesized . a waste for me .
it was a great story but all the grammar and spelling mistakes can't believe someone would publish this like that
very disappointing nothing like riverdance would not recommend and i am avid fan
the battery dies right away after being fully charged
doesn't get hot enough to get the wood chips smoking .
customer service was very indifferent they said if i didn't like it , i could return it at my expense !
great concept , but cheaply made . also , the cord is not nearly long enough . i do not recommend this product . sorry .
yeah , it's like all the ville games where you have to wait hours or days for stuff to happen . yawn !
bears no resemblance to the paper version . la times now available and complete compared to physical edition .
would not recommend this . i bought or sets . of were wobbly and unstable . can be dangerous .
never got it . ordered it in late april and its days being july . waist of money .
as other reviewers have stated this app doesn't work . the only thing good about it is the price of . .
unfortunately , this seems to be a totally worthless , overpriced product . the doctor told us it was a waste of money .
i never received the dvd i ordered over a month ago . amazon did give me a refund .
i bought this dvd for my parents who are deaf . it was not closed captioned ! they had to return it .
horrible story about a shallow , self absorbed gold digger . great acting though , but even so i would pass on it .
stretched out and snapped apart right away it did not last any longer than two hours i was very disappointed
it is not the one i wanted because it does not peel the way i wanted it to peel ok
you can straighten this out times a day . i suppose it would work if you never use your sofa .
better to go for the different one . it's very delicate . . . . . . . . . . .
i got it in march and now it is broken after months . it is just a cheap crap .
overall its ok but there are several other albums that should be considered first , see my other reviews for suggestions .
dead within one week
this is a pale brown color not the dark carmo so disappointed but say what now i know smh !
the mirror screen lcd screen protector for samsung r c leaves a dull glare and is hard to see the screen .
this company sells on ebay too , and is always out of stock . don't waste your time
does not appear in my apps . can't find it . i would love to be able to use it . no support .
the story ended too abruptly .
what was i thinking ?
batery is in half charge all the time , and it is plug all the time ! very disappointed . thanks for nothing
far from being my kind of movie but it makes a good gift for those who do like such movies .
after two weeks the battery will not even charge leaving my cell phone completely dead . so disappointed by this battery .
not quite universal , had to shave it down
i wear it , but i'm the only one who can actually see it . i recommend it for a pre teen .
screen play , characters of course , and i prefer older movies . i won' t spoil the plot for anyone . that's all .
is a first novel , and it definitely shows . needs some work . hopefully a good learning experience for the author . r
i am currently reading it and have read about pages . it is well written , but a very sad story .
was not big enough and didn't fit aquarium . should not be the only one available . there should be more sizes .
too small , too cheap ! not impressed at all .
this should have been a booklet not book . very little info here . its more about etiquette and even then its brief . dull .
game came without sensor to buzzers making the game useless . really why would i want a game that i cannot play ?
waste of time . waste of money . waste of the author's reputation .
not as developed as the first too many plots that weren't believable . the first book , small fortune , was better written .
no new information . boring i learned more in th grade history class ! wasted an hour of my life . expected more
a small pamphlet's worth of knowledge , inflated to book length by extensive use of copy and paste . very poorly organized as well .
even when cops are close it does not go off . suction cups which came with the system do not work .
very cheep . not what i expected . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
my glass top stove cracked and has to be replaced . the spaghetti sauce was great . not scorched . a very expensive day .
unable to use because it is not made for australian v power
the case is pretty , but the rhinestones fell off in a week . the case doesn't stay closed , keeps popping open .
i was really looking forward to this game but it is extremely not challenging . this game needs a modern overhaul .
size is not accurate . could fit a three year old , not a newborn . the head piece is also very large .
yeah it's good but the rest are better .
i don't know why i bother buying these cheap cables . a waste of money , in my opinion , buyers be warned !
i purchased this frame last june , now in december it's pitted beyond repair . a waste of money . cheap metal . don't buy .
it's sort of a useless product . you can just use a blanket if needed . i wouldn't recommend making the purchase .
lots of anti christian , anti republican , anti fox news , left wing political agitprop . not so much humor unfortunately .
not really a book . its like pages long . big disapointment . save your money .
agonizing drawn out overview , with little depth . those in the trade , should try the pipe fitters blue book . aka , the pipe fitters bible .
i recieved the correct case with the disk outtakes or whatever . i had to get money back .
this same ottoman is on wal mart online for .
not what the title suggest just a few songs and lyrics not what the title suggest just a few songs
why call it the hunters ? sorry amazon , but this type of hooey is not to your usual standard !
this is a piece of garbage and should be thrown into a dump and burned . save your money !
design is poor . does not hold a wheelbarrow against wall . i will use it for ladders .
not as shown
not effective after several weeks
it doesnt start . it takes you to a website and doesn't start . don't download . its stupid . trust me . i'm not lying .
this item only worked for a few months . now it doesn't make a connection to charge and i can't return it .
the title of this book is not fitting to the story if you even want to call it a story .
cheap . poorly constructed and unreliable . out of the box these failed . returned the same day i opened the box . keep looking .
the little pocket vibe is little on the power too . i personally like a little more power .
does not work . can't get ahold of seller . if seller would contact me for refund that would be great !
model is smaller than i thought . too small and not enough details . it doesn't do justice to this beautiful car .
very small people , not great for the car . its not what i thought the faces are white not clear .
obscene
yer better off buying rockits . these have the poorest sound i haven't heard since the portable am radios were popular . don't buy .
hello i just i want changed my shoes because its to small i want size . d thank u x
purchased for a late white macbook . trackpad is difficult to click after installing . battery depletes much faster than oem battery .
i am very sorry that i bought this . it will not hold battery power or take a decent picture . yuck !
really didn't provide me with anything i didn't already know .
much smaller than i imagined . you can fit only two polishes in each drawer
this is a hugh waste of time ! waste of time next time ill read reviews before i download . dont download
did not fit at all was too big for my screen . i do not recommend this to anyone . it sucks
not the same as shown on picture . kind of cheap and flimsy . next time will by something a little better
doesn't work as stated for fiber optic tv installation , cordless headphones . reviews also mention this and they were all correct .
poor connection
it only worked for a week and then after wards nothing . why did i buy it i will never know ,
didnt stretch out for my wrist as i had expected . looks good and will save it for a gift .
this pot was good for a year or so , but we started to notice rust . worthless now .
if you saw the cover , there is more like it inside . it's a complete waste of money . i tossed it ! junk !
good color and the shoulder strap adjusted comfortably however the pouch space is too slim . i need a wider bag .
totally worthless . unusable . no one map , hundreds of little cutouts without any reference to surrounding area . worst ever spent .
i have natural hair probably c or a . this had some really great reviews but did nothing for my hair .
kbis flat bottom cpvc valves have many problems . use their low torque model or another brand .
slow moving story action is not realistic . the characters border on being believable but they are never fully developed .
neck hole is too big and the quality of the shirt itself is pretty poor . i wouldn't buy these again !
the paint was completely dried out when i received it . total waste of money !
my review will stay the same . this company needs to also work on people skills as well .
nice little light weight love story will not suit those looking for a complex plot . thought it ended a bit abruptly
pillows lost shape almost instantly . if gel is in there its in powder form . i definitely do not recommend these .
i'm an avid reader but this one just didn't hold my attention like so many others a slow read unfortunately
way too small for a . in . head for a mo . old that weighs . lbs . so very disappointed !
phone quits ringing by the time i get it out . would not buy again and will probabl y not use it
is to noisy i do not recommend there is no privacyother than that privacybut for massages is good
i hate wasting money . summed up had add , had cranial therapy , follow link to add for clairvoyant . argghh and double argh
usb data cable usb car usb home travle charger for sandisk sansa view . the usb home travel charger did not work .
this is not what i was expecting and i really don't have that much spare time to read this magazine
it s just a pyraminx without the tops soo just get a pyraminx instead
it wont work tried downloading a few times no luckso we gave up on it . good idea but wont work
wolo will not stan behind the products they sell !
button does not work at all . quality is beyond bad . not worth even a few bucks ! do not bother buying it !
phone won't fit in case with otter protective shell on it which i like having it on for extra protection
my pack did not include the sparkly cover which is the only reason why i ordered this . very , very disappointed !
the strap fell apart on the nd use so my son was very disappointed . very difficult to sew back on .
could not put the lamp together because the bolt was stripped . cheap lampseven more words required oogey oogey boogey
not worth reading . it looks great from the cover but it is not . the story line as lacking a lot .
really how many books is this going to take . for real what a way to make money from your readers
meh . they of stopped with the first one . kinda boring and forced . they story line was lacking in many areas . boo .
horrible . my skin looked like a dog chewed on me when i was done . it was a waste of money .
microphone stopped working after three weeks . all was good up to that point . had just discarded packaging earlier that week .
bad product . can barely see it at night .
not true to size . cannot exchange , order big ! could not reorder correct size either . very disappointed ! purchased different brand online .
i tray to corect the lcd with thes softwer bit icantwayidont now
do not like it aall . too many players and moves too fasti am deleting it from my kindle today
tedious keyboard . can't access stations . pretty useless . difficult to pair up with tv . took multiple attempts just to turn on .
the problem is that my long haired cat rejects it . whatever happened to petromalt ?
i was glad to find leather inserts . but these don't have enough stick . they came unstuck on my first wearing .
these are not one size fits all . carhartt makes great suspenders , but the product description is a flat out lie .
really did not stay put came off easy i would not recommend it too anyone i know , need to improve
the crown pinata was small and flimsy . i would not recommend this to my friends .
if i wanted to listen to a lilth fair album , i would've just bought a lilth fair album !
i did not get the movie with a keep case it was just a normal cover and not as advertised
the quality of the movie was badly mad . the plot was stupid and predictable . i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone .
i bought this screen and got it put on . the next week , it cracked in my pocket ! do not buy .
reads that the battery is fully charged . not enough power to travel yards
it is not a gsm phone , i bought it and could not use it in africa , it just did not work
the belt was huge and the gun broke with in minutes of being opened . the product was very poorly made .
this app will not install on my samsung galaxy s . when i click install , it immediately responds , quot application not installed quot .
i don t need this app , i have a regular scanner and this one does nt cover my area thats all i have
i was happy this monitor , until the speaker of the monitor stop working after months moderate usage . very disappointed .
did not get it to work . did not bother complaining
dumbdumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dunb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumbdumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumbdumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumbdumbdumb dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumb , dumbdumbdumbdumbdum
serves no practical purpose . a total waste of money purchasing it and a total waste of time using it . garbage
it grips your cock without ever loosening up . it's painful to use ! idont recommend it to use at all .
disappointed . the picture did not match the earrings in person . had to send back
incredible ! works great , rarely doesn't know the song , easy to tag and share , even finds lyrics , tour info , and more !
not nearly as clear as tungsten and not compatible with new macs . good for just basic schedule and note taking .
i ordered this for my wife ' lbs and it was way too big for me ' lbs .
i've not received the item yet .
no action and not appropriate for children . whats the point ? it sucked the big weenie . better to read a book
they looked soo fake it couldn't even trick a drunk person
rust ? . and i've had it less than a month ! would be just fine , if not for the danger in it !
show the back of the product . the one i order by model . has the picture hole in wrong location .
a quick read while waiting for an appointment . a very short story dealing with long lost love and chance encounters .
they should come in bigger sizes due to the fact of needing to appeal to curves on the female body .
took them out of package , washed them and dried them as usual and now unwearable . can i return ?
it's not exactly the one i was expecting
this therometer is so out of calibration its not funny but it was cheap what can you expect .
the cartoon is a poor quality ! very disappointed thought the songs would be more common ones to help preschooler learn
i was expecting a much larger frog ! ad was very misleading . not recommended unless you want a small frog . ribbit ribbit .
original lasted years . this on lasted . would have paid more if it would last . save your money and but ome .
i'm not going to spend all my jobseeker's benefit on it if i can't get the lotto numbers on aertel
i can't play the game , it won't let me must have downloaded incorrectly or something wish it was active
it was ok but the case for ipod rthh generation seemed to loose like it was not made for it
as everyone says don't take the bait . the extended editions will be out shortly for the same price .
this game sucks , keeps flipping upside down . seriously annoying , fix this glitch then it might suck less . not worth a dollar .
app continuously crashes my device , even after i close it . had to remove it from my kindle fire . . .
it broke after less than a month working you get what you paid for ! waste of money ! dont recommend it !
honestly only doing this review so that i can delete it and notice that i mustn't download it again later .
can i give half a star ? i'd write less , but i'm required to write a minimum number of words here .
waste product , the moment i switchto volts its fuse is gone , waste of money and time . worst prodcut . wasteof money , i dont recommennd it
what an absolute gigantic piece of s ! i have never been more disappointed with a product in my entire life .
my daughter has small arms and this was too big . if you are bigger i am sure it would fit .
great machine , while it worked . does not support snow leopard . what a waste of a lot of money in these times .
if you come anywhere close to this one , better have your theological library nearby .
the tip of the charger already broke off within the first day of use . not satisfied . sorry !
absolutely horrible . it's just printed on . no bumper no protection at all . you really get what you pay for .
the ipad app allows you to watch movies and shows from channels in your direct tv package . this does nothing !
did not work ! i was an upset young man . the cable just didn't seem to be compatible with my ps .
i will never buy a book from this author again . i couldn't even read this book .
i couldn't get into it it just made me feel very uncomfortable . wasn't me knid of story at all
this is one of those games you shouldn't buy . i like most of the games i bought . not this one . sorry .
will not fit the new iphone . cheap , cheap , cheap . not even worth sending it back . going in the trash can . don't buy !
the incredibles is a totally stupid animated film . the story is stupid , the voiceover stupid , the whole thing stupid .
this is fine for parents who need the basics but it is not detailed enough for a teacher to use .
this book was too advance for someone who is just learning how to play the piano for the first time .
boring game was no happy with the look or program it could have had a better set up for it
. if you have a stash of crystal meth while reading it . it really helps getting over the existentialism .
hopefully , the point is lost in the translation . boring and makes no sense . these people need to get out more .
never had a problem with amazon before . guess there's a first for everything . was charged , never got the product .
nothing to it . no new ideas . unfortunately i bought it by accident but i took the time to read it .
part did not fit to my year of car and was describe as it would fit the car per online
screen protectors did not fit my samsung . too big . want to send back but i believe its too late .
this flag started fading and became to fray at the bottom and where the seams were . only used for days .
item was not new and arrived with dents , scratches gouges and jammed doors . returned
my pound bichon ate thru this goose in a day . it was pretty while it lasted .
i can't believe this . this product died after minimal use and unfortunately i don't have a warranty on this product .
this item never came ! it was supposed to be here days ago without getting reported !
lasted about minutes , battery overheated , stopped working .
cute outfit but the head hole is to small , tried stretchung it out was a pain , not satisfied .
i bought it and i was really unhappy with the product . it really unclear and not user friendly .
it broke the first days i had it i wish it could be replaced is this possible ? please help
this booster never gave me what the description said it would do . it did not increase the signal one bar .
it did not meet my needs . didn't have enough ports to plug in computer and bb cable modem .
this book is a incoherent rambling collection of psychotic thoughts . mr . corsi is in desperate need of medication and therapy .
did not hold up even for year
if one seed would of come up so i could have tryed the product it would of been nice . disappoited
good concept , however needs a lot of work on the ui user interface . will keep an eye out for updates .
i won't buy a book where the kindle version costs more than a hard cover book ! that's it . no more .
not happy . i have a pfister faucet , and it's very hard to put on . i'm looking for another style now .
i contacted times and havebeen givin the run around ! i do not rec wasting yourmoney . not worth it
turned it off
even though it was free it was an incredible wast of time . i could not finish it . it was not remotely beliveable
it made everything less visible . could not see good with it down . i do not use it . threw it away
aluminium core , not good for your body . need to be stainless steel , therefore i returned it !
i lost interest in this book very quickly others may like he writing but it is not for me
headline speaks for itself . i'm super dissatisfied because i am unable to return it . waist of my hard earned money .
no la he recibido mi direccion es correcta remitan la mercancia por correo ordinario , llegara bien muchas gracias por atender
please don't buy this product it is not work at all , it looks like a toy and work like that
i still cant get it to work
got what i paid for . case broke putting it on phone . will spend the extra money in the future . junk !
bare minimum performance , you're better off spending a few dollars more on another model .
the weeds grew faster than the grass
one unit the battery door was broken , i called and e mailed times to brybelly and gotno response at all .
in fairness , you get what you pay for . i will not use the product . it is basic beyond poetic . sorry
it came bent a little broken . the product sticks to your phone and is stupid . overall this case is s
using kindle fire , the app does not load . would get my money back if i knew how . bucks gone .
i couldn't get it fastened and didn't like that there are no readings on the device like the fitbit one .
i also did the required update cannot open the gamekeeps asking me to update ! please help . friends are waiting .
screw was missing . our truck did not have a good location to screw this item to secure . item was returned .
i never recieved my item ! it is very hard to review something i have yet to see ! never again !
disturbing story with a very disappointing ending . don't waste your time . what a bummer . it had potential to be good .
i don't understand it i don't get what it's supposed to dois there a way to get instruction ? that's it
looks like a bowling shirt . not the quality or fit i expected .
just picked this up at sams club . do the math thisis not a deal . and it is also fresh
rca pins broke on first use . metal is incredibly thin . not worth returning for . i don't recommmend this item .
not a wise purchase . the same results can be obtained by just using an eyebrow pencil . regret purchasing the tool .
does not work as advertised . didn't fit the door snug . had to throw it out . do not waste ur money .
never worked
the title looked interesting and i bought the book to practice my german , but it's not interesting .
lost charge quickly not happy
item is not apple certified as in description . doesn't work with my s . i regret buying this . wasted my money
motor does not turn on low speed not satisfied you get what you pay for ha ha ha ha done
it arrived wiyh the bulb broken . had tp return it . had to use a regular light bulb , not as effective .
doesn't work in my audi a . no sound , no connection or even recognition that an ipod was connected . worthless .
stupid movie and cheaply made . after ten minutes it lost my attention . not worth paying for .
very nice boot , will need it break in , a little small in the width for being a wide width .
nothing to read . there are only pictures . i don't think it's suitable for kids above yrs . not worth .
thought the powder and liquid would be bigger overall product is in great use . cute bag that supplies came in
this product is not fog free it fogs up right away and continues to the entire time in the shower .
first use was great but it broke on the second use . all plastic except the blade .
wasn't impressed at all , wasn't what i thought it was going b . very disappointing .
the description of this book totally mislead me . not what i expected at all . don't bother with this book
very fun and addictive , have wasted several hours . but freezes my phone constantly requiring me to do a hard reset .
didn't work for a minute . product sucks
the vibration wasn't nearly strong enough to do anything for me . was excited to try but disappointed once we did .
to loose on my phone want stay on always slipping off can you send me a hard case for free
the part did not work whatsoever . even when a replacement was sent again , it still did not work . never again !
very poor case . don't stay on my galaxy s from sprint . it's a very pretty case but is not sturdy .
ha ha
it was stale . no taste to either package of cookies wouldnt recommend at all . very expensive for a tasteless cookie
shoes are not the same quality as tried on in store . i was disappointed in the product and returned it .
this book is for specialists , mapping earth . myself i found it not interesting .
filter had about holes and coffee comes out too fast for me . i prefer the melitta filter in stead
item came on time , but was not the size i needed
not a pioneer . in any place of the box says it is for that brand ! i need an explanation
i think these are really cute however the shading in either eye is different . this makes them unwearable .
the shell says hard case but it is flimsy and doesn't protect the headphones like i thought it would .
this product worked for two days or so and then it broke . water leaked from all parts of the hose .
does not load . has nothing to offer . i deleted it . this program kept stalling on my device . very annoying .
it sounds like both parties are talking under water on this phone . battery will not stay charged for very long .
my kitten was boxed trained with another scoop brand , she refused to use this one , sniffed and would walk away
will return it . complete waste . flip ultra would not fit in the pouch without tearing it .
i have had this spray bottle for a couple weeks and it already broke , very disappointing !
the card reader came defective . i had to glue internal parts so it could work . i do not recommend . o
this mini fridge cooler lasted only one year and it never cooled properly . i would not buy it again . disappointed .
over written , not the best book ever but required by my college course so i bouht it . hard to read
did not work as i had expected .
fit is normal but right sneakers has different look like long very dissappointed . i do not happy with this buy . so sad
good fit however the fabric is not the quality i wanted and the embossing for design is cheap looking .
i did not enjoy this movie and as a jet li fan i was very disapointed
ordered rectangular tablecloths only got and oblong . didn't know it until day of the event reception . unpleasantly surprised .
one of the most brutally horrible movies i've ever seen
i did not care for it . i was nailing the turkeys and nothing happened , no points . i uninstalled the game .
after watching jeremy britt for years the movie just didn t get it done for me
not correct size
doesnot work with case on
the sided tape that holds these on lasts about months and then let's the covers fall off .
couldn't use it . better if you buy at the store ralphs etc . cheap product and no working for clogged sink .
fix your resolution problems and you can have the rest of my stars ! looks cropped and chopped at the edges !
after two three days birds did not care anymore , and turned worse than ever . waste of money . maybe use tape for next carnival
ok book to kill a couple hours with . maybe should be on the free book list .
i having issues the lining is ripping , i have some tan just like them foryears . still wear them thanks
we bought this after seeing dangerous grounds . very disappointing . no flavor as expected . guess we should learn more expensive notalways better .
cheap , cost more than home depot . and would have cost more to return , stop asking for a review
you said that the card was new . you lied and missed informed me .
shipped to me with legs in the bag . useless .
this product was not the right one for us so we returned it therefore i can not review this one
they come dead on arrival . manufacture will not replace them . you have to return the whole thing . find another brand .
you need to have more time to make things . it would be a great app if you had more time !
george please give us our films back .
the ad was not clear that this is a vcr tape , so unusable .
wayyy too large . small fit like an extra large .
i used it once and due to heat wire input plug melted with plastic . so i cant use it anymore .
it was a descent size nice edging but the lack of thickness was kind of a drag
it sucked all they did was ride the shirt tales of other authers i would not buy this book . bad
first time out at the driving range and the driver suffered two dings in the bottom of the club head
its just a crappy peeler with a good story . rusted right away and we bought of them . meh . lame .
it's a suggested game from another game geared towward younger children . not meant for my year old at all .
not the product i wanted . i wanted the original relacore which worked a lot better for me then this one .
went about miles and had replace it with a toyota pump ! so don't waste your money buy oem only !
be forewarned of annoying pop up ads before you get this version of solitaire . i have already deleted it from my kindle .
just a bad movie and wouldn't recommend giving it a try . val kilmer plays a lead role in a soap
no real usable data for repairs , a coffee table book on the at the most .
poor app .
wooden foot roller and porcupine massage ball are made out of cheap materials and not very effective technique to use
loved the color , the purse is different than shown and the handle is way to wide to carry it comfortably
wasnt to happy when i watched cause its just the same thing of the original spawn series not the continuation
this mouse always cuts out and you have to click multiple times to get anywhere
well , the title of my review is self explanatory . if your so dumb that you cant understand it , it sucked .
it broke the nd day i got it and it was very cheaply made . ordering something more reliable . thank you .
i did not enjoy this book at all . i usually like hagberg's book but i just didn't like this one .
did not work with epson stylus cx . fair warning to all you folks out there that own such a printer .
i think the book took to long to get into the characters .
wire broke after one use . now it will cut my seats . steer clear of this product and save your money .
silly product made poorly , had for one week and switch broke off . it's collecting dust now on my nightstand , don't buy
the headset does not work . wish i had better news . need info on how to return the item . thank you .
this topiary is not shaped like a ball . it looks like a sparse looking square . it looks pathetic and scraggly .
destroyed a brand new phone . may destroy yours also .
bluetooth paired with my samsung galaxy s , but there was no sound . installed and uninstalled multiple times , still no sound .
it gets so hot i couldn't use it longer than a half hour . cuts great but too hot to handle .
arrived broken at the wire connection box . looked like pretty poor construction and then i found it cheaper at the dealer . ?
melted chocolate sure wasn't expecting this . very disappointed ! would rather had paid a little more to get them not melted
the design looks as if it were printed on and it was not what i was expecting . it's okay though
ordered a privacy screen but the item received was just a screen protector . i returned it for credit .
had this for a few years and it fell apart eventually the glass broke when the casing fell apart .
almost there , but not quite
colour keeps bleeding and damaged the sheet . i am very unsatisfied
doesn't even fitall i can say is please stop ripping people offit doesn't even fit doesn't even come close
not only did the instructions not tell you how to play the game , but the response time was really slow !
didn't last long . but after reading all the reviews i took that risk . oh well , at least it was cheap .
the case is a little too big for the phone
good story line but i had a hard time keeping at it because it moved very slow . would not recommend
i have been using for several weeks . so far , i have not been able to tell the difference . still waiting .
got this glasses and after days , it cracked . no , i won't be coming back for more of this glasses .
it was so bad i uninstalled . it right away . who would even make this game . who . someone who has no brain
should have waited for mophie . unreliable and glitchy . doesn't work half of the time . i am very disappointed and bummed .
hole in it after week .
worst of all guess jeans i've bought .
plastic zipper broke within hours . they should have used velcro instead .
finished it . okay , but should have been shorter . too many unnecessary details , sentences . don't think i'll be reading another by author .
it bounced around a lot and i found myself struggling to stick with it and keep reading . not a fan .
the sticker never completely came off of the plastic cover so there was a sticker residue on each one . disappointed .
entertaining but just not that funny . i'm sure there will be others who like it . i gave up on it .
stupid ignorant book for stupid ignorant people
too small , spent more bucks and get a big one . besidesonw side broke a week after purchase , no good
very thin , the chain broke on the first day , although i was able to fix it . genuine silver though .
not as fun as playing on my game system even when playing with friends can not skip commercials very easily
it works but it's over priced . and was only stove it didn't come with grill that wasn't kool .
way too predictable and boring . seems like something written to a formula . not really engaging , but i worked through it .
design for earpiece don't fit . not flexible to fit everyonewouldn't not recommend . looks nice . will fit someone with smaller ears
worst experience ever . im really over this stupid excuse for an online merchant . an experience most horrible . run from these people .
sorry , did not care for the new product . wish they would have kept the original formula prior to the change
need closed caption on your movies . when will you start having closed captioned movies . let us know when whenever this happens
it was just what it was advertised as , but it did not suit or needs so we gave it away .
the cover is way to loose and too big . i will return the item before the deadline of feb
bad the small black is about gone the rest are about full will have to order one black
wasn't happy with this one . the actress was not the same one as the first movie .
thisitem looks good but it brook on me first time i use it so i have to buy something eles
two of these have already cracked broken and they leave marks on my backdrops . i am not impressed with the quality .
oh yeah . robin thicke . could this rip off album be anymore blatant ? well , at least this keeps him out of the movies for awhile .
there is nothing i like about this product . i would not recommend it to anyone friend or foe . sorry
bad quality
the pulldown mechanism broke after just weeks ! i only used the screen about times . very disappointed .
i bought of this set . don't waste your money . does not last more than a week . terrible terrible terrible
sucks worse book everwill never read one of his books again could have done so much better than thispeople
very basic . not much good info . the book is more like a pamphlet very short and not very well written .
this is like a piece of tissue i lost my money of buying thi item
the picture shows pillow cases and another sheet but this only comes with fitted sheet .
sacks of shit . wired wrong blew a fuse after blowing up and melting
don't have it long enough to know
great pencils but awful packaging when shipped . tin was damaged when received and won't close .
one of the few books that truly bored me .
this book was terrible . i wish i had those hours of my life back . don't waste your time . please . please
smells weird dont know why but if it is on your skin it starts to smell like throw up .
i can not get it to download . i have tried several times with no luck . any help would be loved
doesn't work for me or my two daughters . but it was cheap and i wanted to give it a try .
i was unable to watch the copy i ordered here since there are around , scratches on it !
i throwed away no used at all . use regular cable get the same result with less effort to hooking up .
all the puzzle have missing piece .
couldn't get the cell phone inside the case .
if i yell into it , it will sometimes go off . there is no setting to turn up sensitivity . was useless .
a plot that is complete nonsense . a sad script . a stupid lead actor . don't waste your time with this one .
an ok product in general . poor quality , ripples in the faux chrome , but what did i expect for the price ?
i've definitely have read more compelling harman coben mysteries . this had a weak ending . an almost cookie cutter contract book .
it was easy to set up but getting it to guide you how to use it wasn't with the box .
no directions received with this product did not feel comfortable spraying this on my face !
very disappointed . not oversized at all . more like its fitted . this was not what i was looking for . good luck .
i purchased the wrong product . this was not the one i needed to purchase and i need to return it
even though this product is cheap , it's a little much for a piece of cardboard and two plastic mini bowls .
tetris is fun , but needing coins to play gets old quick . ran out of coins , so i'm not playing now .
picture shows the item in a white color when it is really hot pink . don't get fooled by the image
did not want to connect to server so i could not sign in through my cable provider .
received rug today and it was a complete different design not southwest at all . this is what i got .
i just could not get with the story . it did not interest me enough to finish the series . oh well
does not work with samsung don't waste your money
same issue as some of the others , the latches are defective . the pins come out and the hinges fall off .
expected this to be biblically based , but preston moves too far away from biblical teaching . not something i would recommend .
don't waste your time on this . predictable and it was free book on kindle i wonder why ! ? don't do it !
way too tight , and no way to do the adjustment . dumped it in trash after days . piece of junk .
thought this was black but it is grey !
i didnt get adaptor with memory card . and more over it takes more than a couple of weeks for delivery .
i didn't get the right cd in it . i can't tell you if i like the record .
the mini beach balls were much smaller and different colors than what's in the picture . they're not exactly round either .
would have been better if the story was finished . the ending should have went on til she finished her part
i didnt get the usb with it , so mouse is not working . send me the usb please . otherwise the mouse is useless
because i had to send my ps to playstaion to get it fixed after having for less than days
it did not get fully charged . i gave it sufficient time . i changed charger and it was still the same .
it did not work when received . it also was not as nice as expected .
the camo pattern had worn off the cover after weeks ! it is now white . i am returning it ! srogers
loved the banner but the numbers and rd , th . etc were missing hopefully this doesn't happen to any one else . good luck
great looking bike on the cover !
it kept you wondering how could something like that could happen . i didn't realize how the far worked . good book
noisy clunky . cannot bake bread at night too noisy to sleep . sounds like it is broken . otherwise , cooks good bread .
cheap !
sadly won't hold even a light gopro camera up so it was unusable and ended up going in the garbage .
this movie was very long and drawn out . there were very few compelling scenes and a lot of unnecessary talk singing .
these are very thin and low quality . it's like a razor made out of ceramic very breakable ! not well made
i bought one of these last year and it arrived ok . this one arrived damaged with one shelf significantly bent .
the recipes were not conducive to my lifestyle .
i ordered this and received only of them ! the normal and the deep pore varieties ! how come ? ! ? !
a dud ! not a good buy , it didn't last but a few days . i wouldn't buy one on here again .
installed this light according to the instructions and it worked for days then quit . didn't even bother returning it .
it smells awful . but if you can get over the smell , it might work for you .
i have taken these and do not see any difference , not sure why dr . oz would recommend it ! don't buy !
the book itself is great , but the kindle version looks very bad . so often the math formulas are messed up .
poor quality rusts after a day and is full of red spots all over . now looking for another soap holder .
the whole book is lifted from wikopedia . save your money and look it up on their site .
the daffodils were brown and the new growth was dead . they did not change when they were planted and watered .
the pills taste a lot better than these . it doesn't dissolve in water and has a strange taste as well .
came with cheap hard plastic band and they said they couldn't replace band , unhappy daughter . also band tooooo big and unadjustable . junk junk
unable to get it to work i had to change my wp docs to pdf format to download and use
not very good . how do you exit . need lots of money real money don't buy it . i would not suggest this
bought for snowboarding . lasted rides before the cold made the plastic split . you get what you pay for here .
i can't comment on quality or if it's good for you . i assume it probably is healthy . but . it tastes awful .
junk . it is so unstable i only dared use the bottom half . i will never consider buying this manufacturer again .
don t waste your money on this . spend more dollars and get something better . some sockets don't fit well
poor quality charger i don't recommend buying it . this charger only lasted months and stopped working for no reason .
i can't rate this as it doesn't appear to be supported by my cable provider therefore i can't use it .
for the first few chapters , topics not explained clearly . opengl should not be encluded in such a book .
was not for my child and she was not interested in this item . thank you any ways for the app
didnt inform me the book had problems already done by some one who used it before . sorta defeats the purpose eh ?
this is complete fabrication . this individuals entire military career is a fabrication ! people like this make other veterans look terrible .
i didn't find this to work at all . it tasted okay but really saw no difference when using .
glad i didnt pay much for this picture , i didnt even put it on a wall .
do not buy this from charger city hoya unlimited . they will send you a non magellan piece of garbage .
i bought this new but the packaging holding the earbubs were used and one side of the earbuds didn't work
'' version is too big for my thinkpad x . i guess if it was tighter , it would be more protective .
the back door broke minutes after opening pkg . very disappointed . not a toy for playing . our three year old grandson did like it .
not much new info gained . very few new ideasnot worth paying for this booki will not recommend to anyone
child bought this without permission even on freetime
ignores some vital parts of os x . . such as garage band . pogue's book is better
scratches all over the board . grip take ripped . put together wrong . i would save your money and never get this
not cutting close . we probably should buy a new razor .
mainly because of content and location . not crazy about the kind of book or the way the story read out
missinng bracketsi ordered of these shelving units . only had connecting brackets for the posts . disappointing .
garbage . loved the tree for the entire minutes it stayed on the wall . you get what you pay for .
for a adult romance story . this book is poorly written . has no story . i would not recommend this book to my worst enemy .
sounded much . cooler than was deleted it two minutes after downloading . can't really recommend this to anyone . justhappy it was free .
the defender does protect but the color was wrong it was suppose to be red and it look like pink .
it might intrigue a very young kitten , but my older cats months years are not the least bit interested !
shirt made of delicate silk , beautiful pink color , but poorly sewn . i did not use it . i am very disappointed .
i received the camera and it did not work . i would like a replacement camera .
blade is too long to be practical . teeth are not fine enough for easy cutting .
it was way smaller than i thought i just didn't like it at all like i said way to small
i was disappointed in these earring . they were very small and not very detail . it was not a good purchase
i had just barely gotten it in the mail and it doesn't work what so ever wouldn't recommend buying
bad finish , the velcro at the end of the strap is in both sides so its really unconfortable to wear .
this was not worth the money . just go to walmart and buy some you'll get a better deal .
its only good for looking through to jog your mind for movies to rent
cheaply made and pricey . the mirror was not securely fastened and the front glass and swivel hook are plastic . beware !
this is way too salty ! i ended up giving most of the boxes away . i will never buy it again .
too difficult for me
these were not the brand specified in the listing . and they rip easily . i will not be ordering these again .
would come off after a few steps , dogs spent more time chewing on them than wearing them .
the extended handset has so much static i can't use it . the main unit isn't much better .
if you like shaun of the dead or hot fuzz , do not . do not rent this ! just trust me . dont .
teenie tiny target .
not worth the money ! another case that i got for my daughter and . it starts peeling and looks like crap !
this was not my favorite , kinda tough and size is very small . i would like to have known the size .
these lights are not oem equipment . i had to modify all the housing to rig them to fit my stock harness . upset !
the mouthwash says mild mint but it was hot and burned my mouth . former user of biotene .
it was a pager turner . alex the father deserved what he got a must read ! nice and very exciting
it only stirs liquid nothing with chunks in it like i exspected it to like advertised that's not very helpful
total waste of time .
junk . dropped it once and the piece that holds the phone on the inside shattered .
this dvd has to much talking over the performances crying isn't even shown start to finish and their talking over it ! very disappointed
pretty disappointed to find out this is not a 'real' plastic product but a disposable party plate .
i tried to attract the rat using food inside the trap as chocolate , peanut butter , etc . never catch the rat !
i think it was good fit for me . but it was too large . it was very difficult that i find my size
the seeds were probably expired , nothing grew in the planter . it was not expensive but still a waste of money .
this is ridiculous . just put out one product with both editions included . i'll be waiting for the extended editions .
nice design on cover poor cover design . covers important sensor
two thirds of the way through i had to fast forward . obviously a very low budget movie with poor acting .
plugs are not north americanloose wiresbroken wirespoor packagingi had to repair lights after receiving them for xmas
product is not texturized . one of the latches broke after two week of use
i thought it was something different and now i wasted mu money and had to delete it , it really sucks
no contiene todas las sagradas escrituras , han removido libros sagrados . cat oacute licos no podemos comprar esta biblia incompleta . tengamos cuidado .
please provide more info on fps , accessories , power source , accuracy ! we can't purchase this with the minimal data provided !
can not hear clearly from this headset . i get tired of saying what to person and just take it off
wouldn't work ! nothing would spray out of the can ! total bust . the plastic top is flimsy . needed it for school .
since when did playing online for free that you have to buy items to continue i prefer playing club pogo
sent wrong size twice for this hat . purchased an xl hat twice and received a xxxl hat twice . incompetent company .
was not the app for me
these fell apart within a week .
case doesn't fit well enough to keep from falling off , it now sits on a shelve unused .
not one of cary grant's better ones . too goofy and it didn't look as if he enjoyed the part .
broke pulling less than pounds with lawn tractor did not jerk it . wont buy another . save your money build your own .
again not sure why could not find it once it was purchased on the tablet must not have been compatible
don't waster your money it does absolutely nothing for your skin . i am so disappointed that i purchased this product .
its nasty taste my husband dont like it
don't get this unless you have no common sense and don't know what fishing is . hardly considered an informational book .
kindle shuts down during playwas enjoying but constantly restarting the kindle was not worth it . i'll probably delete it
its tiny ! definitely won't hold a book .
i never tasted anything so riduclously awful . yuck ! stick to cookies and cream or even dutch choclate . this is horrible .
this book started out ok , but i am stuck in the middle . when that happens i usually don't go back .
i was hopping will have the other attachment for shredder and slice i will never go for used again !
lol s
poorly made , weak power , woul not reccoment to any one . no goog no good no good no good no good
didn't work
if you get a working one this product might be ok , but the one i received would not turn on .
i used it times and it stopped working . how does one carry such an defective product ? shame on hyou !
design is good , but quality was lacking . snap broke after days with very little use .
an absolute waste of money . not a single mention of how to develop and hone the skills he is touting .
the poodle on the skit is not detailed on the actual skit as it in the picture . very , very disappointed .
they advertise that its a three pack but they only shipped one . otherwise its a fine screen protector .
not a good bread mix . no flavor , no raisins and definitely nooooooo . hazelnuts that i could find .
good
the dress is notflattering at all . somewhat big but disappointingly dull . i didnt return but i gave it away thanks
i live in germany . i purchased these for my grandson in the us and had them shipped to his address .
i can't tell that this stuff does anything ! oh well , keep on trying ! i knew it was just an experiment .
not helpful in correcting a physical issue .
men's large equals to a extra small
the fun turns to irritation when the app keeps updating almost nightly . fix the bugs and you'll get stellar reviews .
didn't look close enough . thought it was the original song by matthew wilder , but of course it wasn't . great scam .
this is like the beads you hang in the doorway if you are from the 's . it snags on everything .
reads like a bad reviewi will not read it again . glad i did not have to pay for it .
very disappointed with how thin the boxes where . i think i will end up returning them for something more sturdier .
just plain junk . don't waste your money . use an old bath towel and get better results .
neither of my two pugs chewed on these . i hear rave reviews about antlers but perhaps these aren't the ones .
this product is definitely not as good as some other gluten free cookies ! try pamela's !
the v dips below my chest , looks very silly .
nothing grew
these candles are labeled dripless . but they are not . leave a mess of wax every time i tried them . don't buy .
does not work out of the box
so somay give you a beter signal if placed in the right direction but nothing special here ,
a waste of time
the battery will not charge above . i paid for garbage . this was supposed to be a brand new battery
in other news , i'm sure that amazon has a whole section on unicorns , dragons , and pixies
boringpoorly written
expected a sexy type woman . but not there . made before rio discovered what sexy women or adventures are .
they sent me a battery for a galaxy s when it says in the ad that it's for an s .
not happy with this purchase . did not look like the photo . quality and appearance is disappointing . not worth the price .
professional lies from professional liars . .
this item does not look this good in real life . i was very disappointed with this product's appearance . don't buy .
not good quality at all and do not recommended to anyone ! keep breaking very thin and light dont buy it
was wanting a simple slot game . do not like this one . difficult to understand . i do not recommend this product .
this crap fell apart on the quickness , it's cheapness should be heeded as a warning beware of the cheap crap
i went through all the steps including the installation process only to find it wasn't compatible with my android . ugh !
wasn't long enough . sent back
i didn't like the cd . it was not relaxing at all !
this is one awesome watch i love the way it looks and feels , it keeps exelent time
in didn't reduce my tinitis .
soundbot sb bluetooth noise cancellation stereo headphone for music has bad quality . poor sound . do not recommend the microphone is good
just a warning these canisters are actually a deep hunter green . i was very disappointed and returned them .
pants were inches too long even though they were inseam . had to return them .
should have known . gave it to my little brother . o well
while this is not as good as stakeout , it's still very funny and i enjoyed watching it again in blu ray .
daughter downloaded this to my kindle telling me it was soooo much fun , she lied . i hated it . very boring
took it on a long flight . neither my wife nor i found it usefulas a seat cushion or pillow .
so small they are hard to use . they are nowhere near as good as what comes with the rainbow loom .
i saw no improvement using this product . this was a waste of money !
i love the case but they do not hold up very well if you keep the phone in your pocket
i would not purchase this again . this was lighter than a previous formula but it will do in a pinch .
i wish this mother would stop trying to make a dollar off her kids . stop !
not what i thought i was getting is not near as good as what i thought i was getting .
save your money . once you read the first story , the rest are all the same . not even worth one star .
very dated info , written in the s or s . interesting but not useful .
am disappointed in this . it drops down and will not stick out straight no matter what i do to it .
broke the first time i turned it on .
this is a really boring game and it takes forever to download and it costs a lot to buy people
these items were a gift to my mom for her birthday . they arrived melted and may have to be returned .
i did not like it at all and deleted if after a few pages . sorry that i wasted my money .
not waterproof ! or th use under water and camera stopped working . when i open camera it had water inside .
you have to take your i pod out the case to use it ! you can not return the hold it !
loved the product but it lasted just over one year ! i expected better durability since it really had minimal use !
for several pages only half were left . also some pages are tore off from the book and just put there .
do you feel well built , concerned that parts will break over time and we will need to replace these units .
it didn't really work unless i had my hand on it , so that was pretty lame . it just seemed cheap .
they are not tight fitting at all . description is very misleading . i'm disappointed . i wish i wouldn't have bought them .
not compatible with modern operating systems . like windows .
not as good as the ziplock brand . no sealer
too short . just not a book for me i guess . i thought it would be , but it just wasnt . disappointed .
the story , started very slow .
i hate this game ! the controls are awful and the game has no point . this was a waste of money
these are really stiff and uncomfortable . the also run small . i think they are made well , but just too hard .
after installing this software it appears that it is just a day trial that i paid for . not happy .
don't get it . it's just keeps freezibg my kindle . i don't know how to delete it though .
the ending to this book made lexi look pathetic ! save yourself some money and end the series with book !
i had it for a day and it broke its cute but doesn't work don't waste your money on this
cam i go less that star ? maybe the worst thing i've ever witnessed . this is truly not worth watching .
lots of reading and small pics throughout . interesting but wish was more like rainforest .
idk if i'm doing something wrong ! everytime i click on the space to play the game it pauses on me .
lasership said my package was delivered it never was . i am really upset over this , i hate being lied too .
this does a lousy job . tried it a couple times then packed it a way . wouldn't recommend this product . sorry !
the animals were not that nice , look cheap and bigger than i thought . was not worth the price .
too small for my foot can wear them uncomfortably small i would like a new pair but i don't care
man you got lucky , glad it worked out in the end .
i was very disapointed in this book . patterns are not full size and was poorly written .
the construction of the product is excelent but isnt the same of the picture . i only recive one padded dividers .
this necklace was nothing like i expected it was cheap made small ugly i'm not anything like i expected cheapo
hmm , lessee . tracks on quot further along quot , tracks here , both the same price . the choice is yours !
not new
i must have missed something somewhere , i just could not get interested in this book . depressing people aren't for me .
we got a reptile cage mat instead . and it took weeks ! now i have toreturn it what a nuseiness
this game sux bad . i can't imagine there's a game like this .
when trying to play this game it will not allow controllers to connectkind of stupid playing by yourself
my parakeets want no parts of this . i'll keep it in cage for a little longer just in case . fingers crossed
title says it . keep working on a solution and i'll check back later . this would be great on a tablet .
board is of low quality
not worth trying . nothing much on here . boring . did not use just deleted right away . not much else to say
this part does not work . tried it on several pc and laptops to no avail . defective part . this is a garbage device
what the heck did i just read . i could not make it through the first chapter utterly ridiculous . no . please
boring and lame , my year old won't even play it
the same set is sold at sephora for . a dollar value . hopefully the pricing here was just an error .
it was ok . it had its flaws . it could have been better . it was not fun it was dull .
this came to me broken and it looks nicer in the picture .
starts out ok , but ends up just being a narrative of his training schedule . not really worth bothering to read .
dont buy this product if you are looking for a shavor .
the worst , most silly , boring movie i'd ever seen . why make a meaningless movie such as this ? what's the point ?
what ever the red coating on the outside is , it is quite annoying when doing my hair .
this book was slow in the beginning , however kept you wondering what is going happen next . there was a silverlining .
it sucks
does not work ! . very different than the microwave one . donot buy .
my order was cancelled saying they went out of stock . but this page shows in stock . very poor customer management .
i have a lot of signal loose , and sometimes it loose all the signal . bye the mah instead . bye
mind chillingly boring . forget the heavy handed politics , nothing happens . mr beck , don't quit your day job .
bought for my yr old grandson . wheels keep coming off rims even after glueing back on . not a toy .
i would never buy this ! it is so disrespectful to mitt romney ! the things said about him were not true !
it broke in one week , the unit came apart ,
this book is not well written and has so many errors . it will only waste your time and money .
it doesn't work with my camera something wrong with the cable . it could be the wiring inside of the cable .
it did not had the recipe that i was looking for . my mothers recipe . which is a meat lasagna . fiasco
out of the i got did not work at all . the that works is grate i love it .
creates only noise . no instructions help available . don't waste your time . don't waste your money . sending it back . this item is a joke .
taste good but too sweet for me
this book had one job to do . it was a simple job . that defect on every page is pretty aggravating .
speakers sound great for my use but one of the wires have broke already only after a month of use
didn't work .
it wasn't worth my time , effort and money to return it . good thing it didnt cost much i suppose . really .
is small also for a little girl , beatiful in photo small in reality , i don'recommend this product . small small small
you can not change colors . i would reccomend getting kids doodle . i deleted sketch n draw very quickly . hate it .
love the games but the screen spins so slow i get tired of waiting for each spin . speed it up !
don't buy ! one arrived cracked numerous others had pieces broken off at hinge . am sending back . cheap , brittle plastic .
seemed very flimsy . i opened and was dismayed at the quality immediately printed the return order and sent it back .
was not what i expected . boring . too many unimportant details . could not read the whole book . i do not recommend .
it was horrible if only the battery stayed charged or the power button would get stuck it was not pleasing
wouldnt spray
did not fit . returned to you will reorder a larger size once returned one is credited back to my account . g
way too many date restrictions .
this item is not cotton . rather , it is polyester .
only lit up for a couple of days and wouldn't stop lighting up . was cool while it lasted . bad choice .
this is listed as an adult medium jersey it is not ! it is an youth medium ! this is very deceiving !
this is a very poorly written book . i don't know how it got so many positive reviews . shocked . amazed . saddened .
did not put it on look thin keeping for spair
this product is not worth buying standalone bluray is best this product has been a headache since i got it
it only has just a few birds . not what we expected it just sits in the closet now . don't buy
save your money . this movie is not worth the time i put into watching it . glad it was a gift
seems like it would have been a great buy but this product can easily smudge . i wouldnt reccomend this .
this pad keeps coming off the mattress . it's a small fit for my king and there's nothing much to it .
the wires broke on the first use to slice mushrooms . not very sturdy wires . i am very disappointed with purchase
one cartridge had leaked most of the ink into the cellophane plastic wrapper . i won't put the others in my printer .
larger than expected for light switch plate perhaps my fault for not investigating that further . very thin metal .
too many glitches and complications . volume very difficult to control
the lanterns operate only intermittently , one not at all , and they are very dim . i will be returning the items .
they may be cute but the fit poorly and leak .
this is really cool ! unfortnately the v batteries are expensive and don't last for more than a week . dust collector !
only one of the cartridges worked . not worth the hassle to return . will buy from local store next time .
this is there is no reason to hold the ebook for months . harriet why do you hate trees ?
force closes on my hd running a nexus build . lame . netflix works great though ! twenty words is too much . also lame .
not impressed at all . didn't come with brass washers , which you need . ended up stripping threads and returning .
so big . and sheer . the dress falls flat and just makes you look pregnant .
great for trimming light branches up to inch or smaller . no enough power for anything thicker
gave me cystic acne
this product did not reduce my appetite at all . it was a complete waste of money .
description says for a trampoline with a feet diameters but some how its too big ? weird and pretty annoying .
knockoffs . cheaply made and not the real thing . horrible sound quality and a bad attempt at imitating apple earpods . yup
stupid didnt work dont get this its not worth the aggravation find some thing any thing is better than this
song played for min .
this was an ok product . however , the face tracking did not work as well the other cameras i tested .
these tongs are not stainless steel because they rusted after the first use . i would not recommend them to anyone .
i still have not revive my package in the mail
. than ever use this phone again . it must have been designed by the same person that engineered cd plastic wrapping .
just another magazine that i don't need ! not needed by me , not wanted by me , not a video like i thought . not !
it is too big and the worst of all is that i'm not sure about the quality , it looks fake !
i thought it covered the phone front and back , it doesn't . it kept falling off , didn't fit right . i didn't like it wouldn't recommend
didn't like it . kinked all the time
i had to return the item . it did not fit the standard in . pole as indicated in the description .
weird stream of consciousness writing . not my cup of tea .
too big . it was fine though h h h h h h hhhhhhhhh h h h h h h h
looks very cheap . i would not waste my money on this item .
not suitable for children . the pieces don't fit properly , vague instructions and it bears no resemblance to the box picture
it doesn't fit well and it scratches my arm when i type . when i open the laptop , it slides around .
didn't need this and was uploaded by accident . totally useless for me and couldn't see keeping this on my kindle .
a slow dull read
i received the manual for the book and not the version of the book i ordered . i am disappointed
the shape of the thermometer made it very difficult to use by mouth . it is uncomfortably large , bulbous and bulky .
signal booster was no help at all
too small , looked bigger online , really isnt worth it .
i don't know what happened to mr . lynn , but this one was a dud
looks nice but did not fit my infiniti or mercedes . getting the metal one instead . should specify manufacturers at least .
very disappointed it stopped working after a week it was garbage i had to throw it away very very disappointed
i was very disappointed in this book
this is just a waste of money . i ordered it and the code didn't work .
check tag size before you order . this one does not fit my michigan tag . may be adequate for other states .
don't waste your money buying this one , complete pos . mine got scratched and torn in couple of days . totally worthless
everything stuck and blackened pan
this product may seem like a bargain but it's essentially worthless . don't waste your money .
very sad ! i did not like the way the book ended . i was in tears . the book was very detailed .
i love the idea of choosing your own adventure , but this story was just really dumb . it is badly written .
it would not take a chargeit was defectivei would not recommendi was very disappointedi'm not convinced it was new
took too long to get to the point . i didn't really like the characters .
if i had it over again i would not buy it . living in a big city it doesn't transmit well .
nice online but cheap looking in person . i returned it for a refund . i'm used to more quality with invicta .
the kids loved it . until the seam blew out . no way to fix it . lasted a few days . very sad kids .
power supply did not work . i have to order another power supply from amazon . the new one came and works
did not work as advertised . a waste of money .
these are pretty cheap and bend easily . wouldn't buy them again . definitely better products out there .
charger gets really hot . i would suggest buying one directly from the manufacturer . you definitely get what you pay for .
poem was written on a piece of cardboard and necklace was kind of cheap looking . pendant was very nice though .
very small waste of money i did not like it should have send it back ! a waste of money !
i ordered this for one particular song my dad . i didn't care for any of the rest of the selections .
i didn't really care for it . hard to understand and i don't know what else to but i'm uninstalling it
this was worst than a bad science fiction book , it is horrible ! non credible at all ! it is so ridicules .
not my kind of book , read the first couple of pages . not for medo not ask me to review
quick , rushed ending . very cheesy . tv show is way better . i need to add more words to this . so there .
i did not have very good luck with one of my orders hanging suit bags , it will slowly leak out
items are too small and it seems too busy and confusing .
looked just very cheap . it stuck on well but i really did not like the glossy finish or bright colors .
this movie sux don't buy , rent , or even see it ! waste of time and money . mst k anyone ?
yea , a book about potatos . . . . good subject there . the book stunk .
sound was good but after couple of months of usage one ear stop working no sound . disappointed with quality of product
this item is only for the very least of cutting . not nearly substantial enough for much use at all .
for it being a clark shoe , it had no arch support . i returned item but had to pay the shipping .
it doesn't work . i haven't been able to access youtube videos on my kindles for awhile ! please fix it asap !
so small , i couldn't even get them past my hips . i ordered a to be safe , normally a .
stylus pen missing and the keyboard plug does not fit super angry who checks the product before it is shipped ?
ordered an s video cable , received a composite cable . the item is not at all what is described as for sale .
the apple thunderbolt display to hdmi female adapter purchased at the local apple store worked just fine on my macair .
this list is so partisan and far from rational . if bernard were honest , he would place himself on the list .
terible
lights flash until warmed up not very good imo all my other cars with diffent make hid no issueswith them
i dont like the texture . i m sure there is no results after usingit doesnt suits medont recommend
iam still waiting for this product it has been more than weeks ? what should i do ?
not really worth the price .
this should have a posted size , it ended up too small for the wrist .
has not worked for me . dieting alone had proven much more effective . at this point , i don't recommend this product .
did not fit well around the edges , phone slips out . material not very sturdy , do not recommend , not well made .
it was okay but i lost interest preety quickly . if there was more , i would be more inerested in it
this is a simple din a book with no pug pictures in it besides the one on the front page .
didnt work i dont want to write more words , this is why i normally dont review . this is ridiculous
any word other than thrash would be a compliment to this garbage ! don't buy any computer pre installed with windows !
that's all . i didn't have luck with this stuff and i recommend that you just get fully grown plants .
i found the flower washcloth pattern a little vague . and the finger puppet , difficult .
this product is not for serious bdsm play . it came apart at the seams during our first session using it .
as of january st , , still do not have this product . very little benefit to use the auto renewal feature .
the stylus point is way too soft that my pad doesn't always recognize it . should have a little more firmness .
doesn't charge phones fast enough takes hours to get full charge . would not recommend to anyone . will not buy another one
i really wanted to like these but they don't stick to my surfaces so i can't really use them .
buckle broke after or uses . i've had a pair of carharts for years and they still work great .
was not as great as i had hoped , just bits and pieces . not like it implied , still a decent buy
the lifetime web site says made in usa , but the bottom of the table says made in china .
swift was right . this is a piece of the most unintelligible fustian , that was ever publish'd in any language .
cheaply made material is itchy made through one wear stockings do not stay up i am only lbs
needs more thought good idea but needs more planing . it over heats too easy . just charge phone for a few minutes .
title of book should be a very , very , very short story . not very well told .
was disappointed that it was plastic . wasn't expecting it to be plastic it was not mentioned in the product description
very misleading the blatter isn't made for this backpack . the bite valve doesn't work . wish i got different setup
they suck one because its hot topic and they fell apart the first day easy to fix though suck suck
he just needs to retire . screw this non gangsta . no real g sings , they just rap , god !
this is not an international version . only small sim card works . doesn't work with all companies . i am so frustrated .
this item is very cheap and below expectations . i would not recommend this item to anyone for any reason . thanx
i still have not recieved this item and the seller is not responding to my inquiries .
elastic snapped within the first day of wearing it . brassy color was ugly too . would give stars if possible
do not even remember buying it . it must of been a gift for some one . that is all folks .
it sucks does not work who ever sold it should die i hate it i hate it i hate it
this product did not fit so now it is sitting in dresser drawer because there were no return shipping instructions
i cannot get this case to sync with my ipad .
a weird story . i couldn't get into it . i like more down to earth stories that have a good ending .
its horrible it won't work on my kindle and it won't load . do not get this app ! it totally ducks .
buyer beware . this dictionary is of limited usefulness as the hebrew words are spelled in hebrew characters only .
these game is not downloading for me wish i can get my cents back to buy a different game .
once again , a video that promotes digital copy , however it does not support itunes , only amazon instant video or vudu .
great game asom and fun but why the buying hints total rip off game it is a mine tricking game
not what i received . disliked it cause cause it's not what i ordered . and nobody i would recommend it too
no terrible
i'm disappointed in the machine . it only dispenses piece of candy at a time or grinds the candy up .
too long and sluggish . for pot heads and geek
too small and too lightweight .
the shoe mount sizes were much too small to accommodate any brackets . good thing i checked before i headed overseas !
it did not seem to defer the predictors from my pond
it looks cute online but very cheap once put on phone and it does not fit my phone . sooo disappointed !
don't waste the time to watch this film . old tricks and lame acting make this film a complete dud .
i haven't gotten any strawberry and planted all seeds . may it has to do with climate level in florida .
hate it
the useful range on this card is less than ft . ridiculous . at ft it is barely functional .
can't adjust the straps . wanted to like it but totally useless not sure if its manufacturer's defect or not . too bad . bad .
mi bebe se la pasa tirando del babero y no presta atenci oacute n a la comida , no me gusta para nada .
this book was poorly written . the storyline was all over . the ending really sucked . i just can't with this book
it is wrinkle
got these vidal sassoon headbands for my twelve year old daughter . headbands were cheaply made and broke easily . will not buy again .
this thing is junk . i plugged it into my home patrol scanner and it will not work . don't buy it .
poor quality . rough finish . plywood grain shows through the finish . easy assembly with a socket wrench not the tool included .
the biggest scam ! it does not look like this picture at all , should not allow to sell in your site .
does not look quite new . the face is cloudy but it works nonetheless . the back cover is not staying in place .
screen failed on initial use . had lines across it . returned it . but otherwise seemed like pretty good quality . .
there is no pressure in the espresso maker . it just steams water through . it's kinda like drip coffee , but bitter .
would not remove the core before i broke tool and bought different tubes . my only advice is inspect before using
sprayed it over a x area five times and never got rid of the mole
the shoes are cute but cheaply made . the buckle snapped off the first day i wore them . returned them immediately .
this unit worked well but died after only months of use . avoid panasonic equipment . it's a waste of money .
it sucked it only worked once and now it won't even turn on ! i want my money back
this book is not for any beginners . it is my best guess that this book is not a starting point .
not many recipes . not very creative . glad this was free through the lending library . it is worth a brief look .
this case was not very user friendly , difficult to press the side buttons and the screen protector was too small .
i purchased these and when i used them the ink was dry
its a grate brand , its unacceptable have to see broken or damage as soon . i wont buy it again . sory
i would recommend the book for ages . it was cute and told a great story for little kids .
. of ernest holmes wonderful interpretation of the sermon on the mount . pompous and egotistical .
read reviews and got this two sizes larger . didnt fit my super small skinny girl . cute but way to little .
it won't work at all . every time i tried to use it , it would say it is incompatible with android
interesting , food for thought , hard to get into and not so convincing after all . could be a much shorter book .
the lamp is only inches tall . the lamp in the picture looks x bigger . not worth .
worked for two days and quit . will need to return it . says humidity is high , runs no water in bucket , darn
lost its charge rapidly , felt this was not the right power bank for me still looking for the right one .
item did not work would like to replace or refund . tried to use in another tv and still didn't work .
had no idea these were so small i don't think they hold oz of liquid . i returned them
a pretty pair but the nubs gave my toddler blisters ! length is fine but the top strap is too snug . disappointed .
i thought bohemia was a country ? no wait . it's an eating disorder , right ?
these key reels will let the keyring come off the cable and cable roll up inside the case . bad choice .
this rubbery covering started losing its shape and tearing . next time i will pay the money for an otter box .
i mean i liked it and my partner also seemed to be just as enthused about it . but kinda drags on .
have yet to get them so what can i say about this product , but i'll be waiting for it
i love heels , but they must be comfortable . and these weren't . i sent them back . very cute though !
my three year old was not impressed with this app . the truck is cute though . he had hoped for more .
did not work . followed directions . larger can available in wal mart cheaper . disappointed in product . not as advertised . very unhappy .
uncomfortable and makes my boobs look weird . wouldn't buy another one . gonna try somewhere else . not a bad price though
the nd disk was damaged and would not play . i have to return it . what else is there to say
too esoteric and slow for my taste . i don't recommend this movie . stopped the movie about minutes into it .
the pins are stuck , don't press in properly so they don't work as they should . very disappointed . too cheaply made .
using the htc one sv and it kept giving failure messages that the app has unexpectedly quit . i uninstalled it .
not an interesting plot story went on too long . there wasn't enough character development for the reader to get invested .
it triggers my flex tt 's about out of or times . i had hoped for more . oh well .
badly made and nothing like the picture , did not hold togetther at all , very disappointed , would not buy , horrlible horrible
i really enjoyed reading this books . it had several good twists in it . i have read everything she has written
this product sucks
wore out in only a few minutes on sidewalk . no good for outside sidewalk application
if you are not a christian and don't like reading bible quotes , don't buy this book .
first story was rough sex , not cool . i could , t get into it . i might try reading the other two sometime .
worst sofa which i saw ever . after two months it's already starting to come apart . save your money on this one .
gauge steel is very thin . you would receive a concussion in this one . it's a false sca design . jerks .
cute but corny .
the birthing house was not a book that i liked at all . i would not reccomend this book to anyone
his tail broke off five minutes after i opened it . the place where tail connects was very thin and fragile
it didn't fit my zte warp . the n wasn't listed when i placed my order . big waste of !
this comforter is extremely thin and does not fit well inside either of my duvet covers . very disappointed .
horrible experience , nothing but the run around do not recommend stay away , excuses excuses and more excuses . stressed me out . light works spd
it's not for me the cars are so expensive i recommend it to anyone who likes drag racing by someone
not good
bought this for my roommate's new phone . she dropped it the first day and it cracked . cute but not protective .
i didn't notice any difference in my mood even taking of these a day , every day . won't buy again .
i did not enjoy this movie at all i do not agree with his point or antics just my opinion
just plain terrible sounding music . it will make a dog howl . not my bag of tea for this song . amen .
not accurate . took a long time to arrive , bad product . do not buy .
this case arrived promptly . it was packaged great . case doesn't last long though . invest in something more expensive but reliable .
bought previously . this is the first time i have purchase a dvd that only played on the computer versus dvd
much suck plus much you cant even win if you get all the notes equals a very bad game .
very poor quality , lasted only months . will now just cover the fire pit with a piece of sheet metal .
it is only interesting because it is based on a true story but i was quickly bored of the book .
the story did not keep my interest , although i tried sledging through . i closed and deleted it from my kindle
kind of has a thick heel , takes some getting used to . a little emasculating , might give them to my brother .
the night cream never showed up and my attempts to contact people about this don't seem to have gone anywhere .
garbage . failed after just over year of non continuous use . frigidaire customer support of no assistance for replacement under warranty .
color is washed out and not as vibrant as online , doesn't fit either so i will be returning this one
works ok , but lacks flexibility in select backups . backups everything , but does not label individual sections . xxxx . xxxxxxx . xxxxxxx
does no one notice that there is no reason to return to this play for the second act ?
not scratch resistant . dont waste youre money . junk . crap . gone threw all in a month . waste of time . money . never again will buy .
break pretty fast but cheap so meh it didnt really look that good on a white iphone s yeah
i receive my order but gps antenna not available .
barely a storyline . sophmoric .
i was expecting the actual song but got a collection of various versions of it instead . anti climax !
pants are very tight in the groin and a bit undersized in my opinion . however the material seems very strong .
they have a great finish and construction , but my posterior is somewhat more amply endowed than these pants allow comfortably .
a month after i buyed two blue lines appeared on the monitorthe computer works fine , but the monitor don't
cheaply made , but only about one third the price of factory product . i may have just gotten a bad one .
there are ear pieces but one does not work so i got a third of what i paid fore .
clip is weak
purchased . some falling apart after three uses . others failed out of the box . would never buy these again . sorry
didn't notice much difference in wake up . it may work for other folks , but not me .
product is useless dropped phone twice and didnt help also blocks wireless signal and s beam because of metal case
according to organize . com the dimensions are as follows drainer tall x wide x deepdrainboard mat wide x deep
this pencil came snapped slightly . and when i tried to use this i got splinters ! i want a refund !
i can't believe people would ever pay for this application , much less want it for free . a waste of time .
never grew . i planted the seeds and nothing ?
it broke the day i got it , never again would i get something for that cost without testing it first .
this movie sucked .
as a mom , i found this book very cute , but too short . read the whole thing on one plane ride
the most uncomfortable fit in a shoe i've ever tried on . far too narrow for a human foot . very painful .
boo . not happy with this game it gets stuck in a loop no way out and can't finish game . hacks
just in case you didn't realize this , sims is not backward compatible with unleashed . very disappointng .
we laughed when we received it after waiting waiting for a month . well can't complain , i got what i paid .
doesn't work well with samsung vibrant . my phone is much faster than my ipod . this must be poorly written for android .
i realize it's a short story but there was not enough plot . i wanted more going on in the story .
i dont know how it works since amazon cant come up with the part it goes for !
too small .
got the little black suckers and they seem to thrive on this bait . don't bother . lousy product
slow , slow , slow and then just a weird ending . her first books were much better written than her later ones .
keyboard syncs for a minute then disconnects itself . i have yet to get it to work . very disappointing and frustrating .
don't know if it's the battery or charger . not a goodcharge . battery last about an hour . i thought i bought new
the large is to small . need to return for an xl . should advise lrg is like a medium . comfortable material
most of the buttons didn't worked . moving the mouse the pointer moved 'jerkly' not smooth . tried on another pc same thing .
broke right away , returned .
it brakes and fades way to easy . but you get what you pay for . but i wouldnt waist my time
know good
this is a child's glove not an adults . very small i had to give it to my son
one came off while driving while i rolled the window down
wow , letting an incomplete game hit the market . thanks ea , shows just what level of great you work at . word
no good for windows never showed anything . should never buy this item .
this flag is not normal garden size . i have bought a few flags and this is not garden size flag
chrome plating rusted within a months time . poorly manufactured in china . no mounting instructions supplied . beware . reception seems acceptable .
it stunk . it was unclear and a waste of money . don't buy it .
the quality of the game was not what i thought . the picture was deceiving . it was smaller that i anticipated .
probably the worst examples of craftsmanship , shop safety , and finish work . i cannot recommend this book to anyone .
wouldn't ever load once installed , and my virus protector kept saying it was malicious .
it was not the item that is displayed for sale i recived a case with no id credit card holder . very unhappy
most quartz watches are battery operated , not self winding like this one . nowhere in the ad is this stated . returned !
they sent the wrong color
omg ! come on ! pages of nothing ! even i could make a book with many more than this ! one star only !
not what i thought it was . name is misleading . if you are a heritage user , it is not for you .
very dissappointed i know i cant spell very cheap imitation of the real thingi will not order this item again
table was as promised but directions to put together were horrible . unless you can assemble without instructions , do not buy this .
this item kept falling off the shower wall . after the third time it fell it cracked and was deemed useless .
i ordered a dvd you sent me a vhs . i would like to reorder if you have add . thank you
when removing please peel off this mark after application completed it leaves residue on the screen from the mask paper
they weren't that cute once i got them and there were a couple of small stains on one of them
really good looking chair . fell apart once we started to use it . i need more words to submit bad buy .
cliff burton is dead and it shows . don't buy this .
battery hold no charge . case , while it fits , has no metal leads which means zero bars . a piece of junk .
too large
bulbs themselves ok but , wrong size for ceiling fan they were recommended for .
one set of the cookie sheets came scratched . not good for a non stick cookie sheet
on my third one in years . they don't improve this product and overcharge for poorly made and designed product .
disappointed that the book did not spend more time on proactive exercises to help prevent problems .
this watch stopped working after months and my complaint to amazon did not ellicit a response .
it looks nice fits nice but after six months the screws comes lose . i eventually lost mine . would not buy again .
i thought it was full head cover . but not for snow removal . would be excellent for archery hunting in the winter months .
received this and it didn't work , came with no paperwork so it wasn't returnable and was useless .
it was broken when i got it and was not what was pictured . i am very disappointed with this shipment .
i think it's essential that sister irshad manji to view videos about misconception about islam by dr zakir naik .
the stories were good enough for a quick read , but not as entertaining as the description led you to believe
had fun for a short time and then it broke . won't run even after proper time on the charger . beware .
the pants were too large and the top was too small . might fit a model , not an ordinary sized woman
i never did order this product . i cannot remember ever ordering it so i can't rate it at all , thanks
gave it away after trying for a week . very uncomfortable . the person i gave it to threw it out . not great !
stay away from this ! chalk break easily and don't even write well
i was all ready for a great thriller , but had to turn this movie off before i even finished it .
product was easy to put together , cats loved it but broke one of the towers within a week .
was not easy to apply difficult to get in position and could not get bubbles out . would not recommend to others .
this thing would be great im sure if it would even open . i have tried and tried to no avail .
do not work . seem to make it worse than before you used them . not sure why people rated this higher .
i bought this pair as well as the moon's and they cut into both of my daughter's ears , i wouldn't recommend .
i don't like this product at all , the images are too small and the placing of the tiles is predictable .
too bulky screen cover gets very cloudy and cannot be wiped clean so pictures are cloudy and blurry
there was only one stocking in the box and it was no advertised that the price was for only one
i wish i would have taken the time to read an excerpt first . way too much religion for my taste .
doesn't work at all with fire hd . everything gives error message . terrible pics . glad only so deleted app already .
the application does not work . save your money . you receive a message stating the problem is being worked on . buy a book instead .
not as expected . did not notice they were short sleeved . were not very comfortable
i had a allergic to this product and only used it twice . let user be aware and watch for adverse problems .
i expect that many americans find this series good , but i do not . nor would i recommend it to anyone .
fell apart within hour . pin and spring popped out end and pleather dissolved . would not fit watch . nice looking .
the color is totally different . more purple ish than pink . suppose to be light pink . very disappointed on the color when received .
i had the same reaction to this film as the hero had to crime after his treatment .
i wanted to like this but the taste is pretty bad . it has some sort of chemical taste to it .
after a month of using the iphone case it broke and then became useless . i don't recommend buying this product .
don't expect too much from this flashlight . i wasn't very impressed , there are way better products for a better price .
darn thing ripped and it was the end of that . thats all i gotta say about that forrest gump
has fallen out . the clips don't hold it tight enough . thinking about super gluing it next time it comes loode .
this is thinner then a mcdonalds cheeseburger . and small in size . not worth the money . total negative . sorry but true
is not the color i want i expect green no red
i thought it would be similar to another sominex product sold by amazon but it was not the same period .
it looks much better in the pictures i felt like a wasted my money on it . i was quite dissapointed .
get steven alders back from hello instead . get matt solums stratosphereget la gunsmy michellesweet erin every . x
need length bigger for better appearance for all woman and better look too ! this tell me wife about my gift .
it wont let your face fit i would not recommend for anyone . it is terrible dont bie it . i hate it
not worth the cost , they should pay you to take it . should be stars
very big and very heavy . easy to clip on but clumsy to flip up . too heavy for my corrective glasses .
i bought two of these for my mastiff's . within minutes , they had the evelasting disk out and devoured it .
the plot was kind of stupid . watching the movie was very boring . it was not one of pacino better performnce .
yes ! it's plastic ! it looks very cheap . there's no 'corelle' mark and the print of pattern is off center .
slightly flawed . this is the second time this hashappened not the same seller . will only buynew from now on .
i get the characters , don't care for the individual actors . this story concept has been done far too many times .
i waited for months to get my brush and i got a regular brush ! i ordered the smudger . highly disappointed !
case does not stand up easel like it is supposed to , very disappointed with no return policy , purchased another case
cream color made my car look worse i wish it was ford white really not just some off white paint
the t shirt was nicebut the size was extremethe size was much to largethe length was to short
had it for about a month and its already not working . thanks a lot . wouldn't recommend anybody to buy this .
these plates do not hold up to heat , look good not sturdy or reliable for what i needed them for .
my copy did not work , contacted turbo tax instead of amazon a mistake
it was crushed when it finally arrived . in several pieces . the packaging was horrible . it had no protection . very disappointed
it does not stop bleeding gums , which is what i was told it would do . i do not recommend it .
the yellow pages was last century . and so is this app . one two three four five six seven eight nine
dragged on after this season i am not going to finish watching the seasons left . too much repitition dragged on
very wordy hard to even finish poor read
lights are smaller than expected also only a two wire depending on what motor cycle you are using it on
it sucks the case broke after one week of having it the top cover won't stay on the phone .
not only is this book a waste of time , it is literally a waste of tree derived paper product . terrible .
only used onc and it got torn already ! waste of money !
takes days to charge fully . and now i have to buy an apple charger any way . big waste of time
look and feel is cool but the fit is awful so the phone doesn't close quite right .
after minutes this apple memory module gb caused my computer to lock up . ended up sending it back . beware .
not clear in sound and did not know it was wide screen . i think it was misrepresented in profile
confusing , didn't install . waste of money . even though it did not work , could not get money refunded . i do not recommend this !
i got charge for returning . i try to a queen size and i got a full size . o w d
this light is very dim and i am not pleased with the fluorescent nature of the light itself .
the colors are not as bright as the picture . very faded . overpriced considering the flaws .
the molinillo was wrapped very poorly in bubble wrap the top is broken .
better off buying the walmart brand . this one did absolutely nothing . not quite true . it did leave me extremely dehydrated . don't buy !
opened the box and it had a hole in it
comes undone in the washer several times , ans is hard to clasp together . rather bukly for storage when not in use .
the belt clip part which located on the back of the case broke after few month of use . piece of garbage .
i still didn't get it . i don't know where is it and . need it soon . bought it for my galaxy
knives are two short and in my opinion not quality . we gave them away . i would not buy them again .
the airpump was brokethe airpump was brokethe airpump was brokethe airpump was brokecould not inflate the ball till now
two many pop ups , can't just play the game
very thin and cheap several broke the first day we used them . disappointed for my kids gift . nice colors though .
do not bother downloading this mp , it is terrible sounding , muffled , skips . i would not do it . and got no refund .
this software is no longer supported buy the mac operating system . therefore this was a worthless purchase on my part .
the mouse jumps and it's very difficult to be precise when you need to click within a spreadsheet or document
not satified
waste of money , busted with leak after just a few uses .
the polish is ok but not kia smell . i do not want to say seven more words about this product . lala
hello . this is not the progon b , but a progon b x , the picture and description wrong on this listing .
i love glee and have all three seasons but i will not pay that much for season four . i'll wait .
polish is thin and streaks even after second coat . absolutely unusable . i am confined to home and can't return to p . o .
my tire had a very little leak , did not work , came out like soap water . was very dissapointed with product .
breaks easily . after a very short time the trigger does not turn the water on or off .
was way too small and the quality was not worth what i paid .
everything was ok except the clear lens was not clear very bad for a new item , do not buy this
cheaters , a stiff imitation , not the petals that are comfortable .
honestly , it surpasses this flick by far .
the picture shows a pressure switch installed in the top of the unit . does it come with or without the switch ?
game is too buggy to play . stay away . bad purchase here
terrible ! all you can taste is the can that it comes in . tastes like a spicy can . would not recommend .
the claw broke with in five minutes of assembly . i am very proficient in assembling models , computers , and rc cars .
you get what you pay for here . it is small and has no filter . not very happy with my purchase .
dialogue is sappy and fairly unbelievable . i dont like it when the action resolves in a paragraph or two either .
sorry , it does not work .
my old had different shades than what i received . i did not get the colors i wanted . very disappointed .
these were nice bracelets had they not been missing multiple stones . i was appalled by the quality . i returned them .
this otter box belt clip is a waste because it doesn't work with my iphone . the holder won't hold my phone .
can't play with a friend . game is ruined .
john bevere wrote many good books . this one though sold well did not appeal to me than his other book .
the shoes wore out in three months . would not reccomend for seroius tennis players . do not buy . looks good , but performace stinks .
the letters are all flowery ! they aren't applicable to real handwriting , which is the point in having a handwriting helper !
not a good book . i wish i'd returned it when i had a chance .
kinda boringi think it is a good book but it's not interesting when it talks about being a spy
i cannot pull the stem out to set the time , the color is nice and the cute . thank your
buy the big book by kim west , not this silly bathroom book . save your money . skip this little book .
item was a christmas gift , return window has closed , and it did not work so now i'm out the money .
i bought this product based on great reviews but it did nothing for me as far as a hightligher goes .
very good , just what it wanted , prompt delivery .
it is over priced .
star subject enjoyed . mystery fans will appreciate alsovery good read . would like more on future . interesting plot .
s very relaxing book . easy reading . want the story continue . will she come back or become english . hope iit has s good outcome .
lids of boxes are loose letting pills fall out . badly made . pill boxes are too big to fit in pocket .
i could not get into this book . i found myself skipping pages . this book was really not for me . sorry
they weren't cut big enough for me . in every other brand , i take a large and the item fits well .
downloaded this app and it would not work on the android tablet i have . would have been fun to play
nib cracked after cut ' of gauge metal roof . not to easy to use . back to amazon it goes .
this movie was awful . the story is crazy , but not well executed . i had high hopes ended up extremely disappointed .
after only a few washings the decal is already wearing off and only partially readable . totally not worth the money .
the super moisture balm is more suited than the gel . personal preferance . next order will be the clarins super moisture balm
i didn't understand how to use it
the touch screen sucks . connecting to internet takes for ever . cheaply made . overall this cell sucks big time sucks !
chalky and left the pizza soggy . took way longer to cook .
sorry i can't write more but it wasn't interesting enough to finish . i wrote six words and now i submit
these are on the recall list . very scary because i only want to feed my dogs pure food . too bad .
the charger stopped working after two weeks . don't waste your money .
this product wasn't sturdy enough in my opion llllll l l l l l l l l l l l
this movie would be good except that they blur out all the good scenes . don't waste your money .
doesn't work well on anything except hardwood floors or concrete . modification to wheels would improve the performance . wouldn't recommend it .
too expensive and not strong strong . just like drinking colored water . this carl coffee is expensive for a senior citizen
i saw this game and thought i was a minecraft game come on every game is blocks know its boring
i bought two packs from this group and none of the cartridges are detected by my printer . sending them back .
just the same as the other reviews here , the bag rips all the way to where there is no bag .
total waste of money . dead after hours of use . extremely disappointed with every ephoto product i have ever bought .
i wanted a game my grandkids could play but you must invite friends to be able to complete the tasks
i didn't like this cleaning milk . it is very thick and takes forever to get it out of the bottle
i kind of felt jiped . found the same package at michaels for cheaper . oh well , business is business .
this did not have much advanced information . it was very basic in scope and coverage of the world of t
does not do what i was hoping to have . would like to get money back . feature iwad needed is unavailable for kindle
if you like poetry and wrestling , this will be a great read . if you don't , probably not .
we bought vac . this to pick up kitty litter it doesn't have enough suction to get the job done .
i love narragansett but did not like this book or its pictures . would not recommend , quite disappointed in the photos .
some of these movies suck , some are pretty good , this one in on the suck side !
it woked for days and it stopped after that , i am in the process of contacting the seller .
it's a game not a app to build on . not a great pruchase . it is timed and not like minecraft
xl is not xl . socks are far too small to be useful .
it did not fit my chevy silverado truck ! the connectors did not match . item says it for all gm
this book is a quick read . it's ok for being a free book . would i read again ? nowould i recommend ? no
i bought this item for my girlfriend . it came and was beautiful but without days it started coming apart .
bubbles up no matter what you do . looks nasty on the ipad . i am not happy with it at all
i didn't know i'd have to buy books for the complete story . this should have been described before buying .
the finest grind is too coarse , and the coffee gets all over the place so it makes a big mess .
the buy it now store sent me the wrong head and now won't respond to my request to have it exchanged .
i had no idea this was a cardboard necklace , greatly disappointed .
i wasn't crazy about the ending . the antagonist was a horrible z list actor other than that , the movie was okay .
it is a decent fit at best it lacks an hole for the ear speaker on the phone .
it was broken whendelivered
truely you get what you pay for . this item did not work . do not waste your time .
i found this product ineffective . i could never screw it together , kept coming apart . i do not recommend this . disappointing
i got this for my dog it don't work at all for my dog i will not buy it again
i got rid of it after i looked it over . the recipes would not do for a regular household's cooking .
too many people have access to others accounts good for pics thats about it . don't spend much time on it
much lighter than i expected . it feels like a knockoff . i will stick to my chicago cutlery . made in america .
the item itself is super cute , but it died after charging for minutes . no longer works . don't waste your money !
i'm a big yankee fan , but for the price the inside should be made out of metal , not plasiic
there are better alternatives . i was lured by the price , but realized the low quality just was not worth it .
don't waste your money or time ! pos
it didn't work i tried to put it on but it was too small for the computer and didn't fit
the cap on the knob fell off on third hit . disappointed as i expected more out of a miken product .
it is so stupid i can't believe i read it . i love it notyou can do better than this . pickle .
it is the worst tasting matcha which is not matcha , also not from japan . very bitter bad , try another .
poor quality being made in tawain .
do not buy this if you are running vista . i can't get it to work at all .
did not meet my expectations . don't recommend this product or this brand . it should have lasted much longer . not satisfied
only opened once then had to break it to get my cd out do not get it its a waist !
my month old is now able to remove the gray chest buckle on her own . nuff said . very disappointed .
the wall charger quit working two days after i received it . i was disappointed . no good
i didn't realize i ordered decaf ! it has a week flavor . i have served it to guests that wanted decaf .
very cute and all , but the straps tend to get loose and come out as my dog does any movement .
it's cotton , . in my opinion this is deceptive .
this product does not work with the bose sounddock . do not buy it ! it is totally a piece of junk .
just didn't like the writing style of this author . found the book boring . it took me forever to finish it .
need hands to operate it so your work has to be securely clamped , an impossible task with anything small .
this product was not exactly as it was illustrated . i had to throw it out after a month .
i thought the designs were outdated . the book is years old and shows its age .
slow slow slow
waste of money keep repeating the same thing on each chapter i had read better spiritual book broken open w
this series of books is just not my cup of tea . i'm sorry i bought them .
completely useless and i would not waste my time or money on them would not recommend buying this item .
i'm sorry this air mattress not really comfortable for sleep and air coming down
dnt buy this . itz garbage the volume doesnt even go close to the x s dnt buy this !
there is no reason why the studios can't include the extended and theatrical in one blu ray release
i thought there wedre more games but their is not i did delete this app . and will never down load again
the junior product is much smaller than i expected , and does not feel as strong as the regular mighty toys .
the story of how the usa executed a suspect without evidence or trial and then dumped the body at sea !
the show runs big . the item is not well made the leather is crinkled . it is not smooth as expected .
way too much money for the quality . i returned these towels .
the story was very predictable , i get this is about second chance but thought it could have been done differential
this bracelet was completely tarnished when it arrived . it rubbed off onto my skin causing it to turn completely black .
i give it three stars . happy ending for all . love when animals share the space on the pages . enjoy the story .
had chips broken out . it needs to be packaged better . good luck getting one with out chips in the coating
this product is not a good antenna at all . it is a total waste of money .
i found them to run small and was not crazy about the liner material and i am returning them . sorry !
the quality of this palette i my opinion was very poor . the colors are not that pigmented at all .
pitiful just pitiful product . could be my inability but how hard could it be ?
the only fun part is when you make your username don't get this app wish i'm rating zero stars boo !
the product was good except when i recieved it the back part to connect to the vent was missing
this item is not comfortable . i expected more , and i took it for my job . i am wolking all day . thanks
what happened to sir larry . ? yikes . we didn't even finish the film . there's minutes of my life wasted . yikes
quality very bad . the elastic doesn't have hardly any stretch too it . they almost seem like disposable clothing items . very disappointed .
defective , hard to build
i guess that danny kaye was an excellent actor , but it's a shame what hollywood did to the original story .
paid on cyber friday its not even worth that . diamonds dont shine at all , looks horrible .
wasn' t that good , still works but one of the straps broke almost immediately .
didnt taste very good and upset my stomach more than a more acidic coffee .
this book was poorly written and not worth the time reading . it was short and did not make any sense .
the pictured case is not what you are buying . the case received can be purchased for much less . very disappointing .
technology is great , but the quality is very cheap ! will i buy again ? definetely no .
they were a gift for my brother . he said they were too long so i have to send them back .
please listen everybody this movie is terrible don't bother ok ! it is just dumb not scary !
meh sound . volume control doesn't get as quiet as i would have liked
nice book if you appreciate ikebana . there is very little here that looks like it came from a coastal kitchen .
false advertising . package says compare as thread count and egyptian cotton and is not this at all . disappointed
didn't finish . did not like the beginning or middle . that means i didn't finish . won't buy anything from this author
have to start buying , before you even can play , to see if you really want to buy . removed
very stiff so i washed it and it shrunk sizeslove but this shrink to fit is horrible
i ordered these and famous maker hand towel , like the ones without supima ones much better for the same price .
didn't last long
not as potent as i wanted it to be . i swtiched to other products . buy cheap get cheap ya know .
my phone did no fit the case with the rubber on iti had to order another one . i misunderstood discription
had to have the st teplaced a stone fell out , within min a stone fell out gave up
just a front , you have to buy pretty much anything you want to play . i expected much better from atari .
great just what i needed
display was hard to see . too small and unclear to make it fun to play . returned it for a refund .
this isnt what it says it is . there little itty bitty picture frames for like wallet size only . dont buy
the husband and wife dynamic are quite implausible . interesting details on thailand . i'd suggest one of john burdett's novels instead !
if nfc is required , do not buy this product . the website stated that it supported nfc , but it does not .
i can't charge my remotes . i am only able to charge one at a time for a little while . useless .
my phone does not fit .
broke rather quickly .
terrible . does not work . needs to be removed from amazon . com . do not buy and put it towards a real cord
product was very weak . it ended up bending during the first use . not recommended based on quality . find something different .
i am accustomed to doing puzzles on jigidi . this application just doesn't measure up . i removed it from my kindle .
not what i expected . much too small , but did not want the hassle of returning it . i can use it though .
doesn't have sticky sideworthless tape it won't stick to anything , only good for the trash canor dust bin .
they make more of a mess than get the job done properly . it is better to use a paint brush
this is way more trouble than its worth , and takes away from a persons ability to form true personal relationships .
not my cup of tea . maybe year olds would enjoy it . i took it of kindle really quick . stupid
did not work at all .
about as much air movement from these fans as you would expect from a dead wasp ! avoid at all costs .
this app doesnt work with the sandisk media drive i bought and is the only sandisk app available to australians
too many parts and too much time , plus washing all the parts .
why am i being asked to review an item thati have not received yet ? doesn't make sense to me .
at about of an inch thick , this thing makes a small phone huge ! i haven't bothered to use it .
thoughts on how you might possibly get a lead . at . not a big loss , but mostly mundane information .
when it arrived ii was brocken . i put it back together with glue . will not return because of my disabilty .
not as good as candy saga . thought thats was what i was getting . did not challenge me enough . played a few time .
couldn't even get through it . didn't like the protagonist at all and stopped reading after about pages or so .
very poor quality could not make it workthe few minutes of actual functioning , very poor image resolutioncheck again before buying
takes forever to load and is so laggy i waited an hour and it still didn't load ducks don't get
poor image looks nothing like picture . daughter was very disappointed when she received it . bad purchase choice on my end
taste is very souraside from that it is good , however i suggest increase of the net weight a bit
this headset had a poor range feet and caused my calls to intermittently cut out .
horrible that's all i'll say it wasn't good st all thought it would be like minecraft nothing like it horrible
i always seem to have trouble trying my bill . it is frustrating . i also can never find the log out .
after carefully reading the reviews of this product i ordered it . and used it . but it doesn't work at all .
heart fell off within the first couple of days . now ring just gets caught on everything and snags your clothes .
im a , these are short im a tall person , maybe if you're a petite these will fit .
dose not work with my galaxy s dose work with my i pad .
product did not work with my galaxy s .
strange fit . fabric seemed a bit inferior . not sure if it was the brand or just the size . would not repurchase .
mild space erotica western type read . very blah ! not engaging enough for me to buy the next episode in this series .
this turned out to be stick , which was not advertised , usual rating for this color is
this was an over priced waste of my time . d . j . molles scammed us all and should be ashamed of himself !
horrible buy . never worked once since i purchased it . only buy sony controllers . probaly the last time i purchase something over the internet
it just crashes , an extra star because i've played it and it's awesome , i just want it to work
doesnt work doesnt even stay on the front of the screen properly its really a worthless piece of trash . sucks
got one for my wife . limited of apps and not supported by google . can't run firefox either . not impressed .
did not give good curls . only heated to warm clips do not secure enough on rollers , would not recommend to purchase .
was expecting it to attach to my license plate but it was the cheap version . returned immediately . was highly disappointed
it wasn't the one i ordered
nothing like the discription . anyone that has played poker of any kind as a child could have written this book .
someone who is spiritually enlightened would not describe themselves so . this man needs adoration . it is quite a different thing .
this cover is not for the iphone or s . to big for the and to small for s .
after days , and a snowstorm it doesn't seem to work . i have seen no change in the storm glass .
shorter than i expected
much flimsier and does not fit as snug as the filters that came in the spacemaker microwave when purchased . cheap !
not the traditional mannheim steamroller material . would not have purchased if i had listened to it first .
did not work with my my kodak camera . but ad said it would
it would probably have been a better guide if mr . prima had played the game .
it was boring why write this bookpersonally it should be read by nobodyplease trust me it is boring
this game sucks don't get it i rather get dora even though she sings that stupid annoying song trust me
fine but i miss my ipod watch because i could have down load music onto it . and it was great .
not a good item did not work well for me could not turn it on once you turn it off
i wanted a map so i could really see the layout . that was notgoing to happen with this little book .
false advertisingthis is burlap that has been paintednot worth the moneyhard to returnsizing is wrongcannot recommend
ripped the first day i put my credit card in there
the dvd itself was loose and rolling around in the case when we received it . lucky that it even played .
they are way to small and they have a piece of rubber sticking out and hurts my foot . way cheap
listing says hardcover and i received paperback . very disappointed
way small
doesn't fix my i c . cute though . i tried my best to make it fit , but cracked the hard plastic .
kick stand fell off . they offer no replacement .
these are not a good for and interfere with the volume on my phone . unable to hear any caller ! disappointed !
its cute but it peels almost instantly
if you want for personal use , great , but otherwise like carrying a lead weight . seems ok otherwise , very expensive too
scanner des not work as advertised . can get it to work with android tablet . it was a waste of money .
not functioning properly . disappointed and feel ripped off by the seller . but it's not worth trying to change it now . lost money .
thay are awesome
broken then it showed up . don't waste your time ! the ring at the top is cheap also . i wouldn't trust it .
bought this in thailand for baht . caveat emptor
after three and a half months i am still waiting for the product . when will i get the book ?
my cd only has one track ! i spent dollars not including shipping for a damaged cd ? never again !
very unbelievable writing did not even finish to the end . i found the book very lacking in everything . jo naples fl
this product made my shih tzu's ear worse and is a horrible product . save your money and buy something else .
poor fit , i have large quads from cycling and running , yet the leg grippers were useless , and the design flawed .
everything came i got a case that was not pictured . the chargers don't really work they give a slow charge
the product was not delivered . it was delivered to another address . a complaint was started but no reply yet .
the metal part that holds the two ends together is not tight enough , the ends would cut loose at anytime !
weak scent that was very disappointing . did not last long and was used up very quickly . i would not repurchase .
not strong enough to get through my plaster walls . setup seemed easy at first , then it became a real pain .
the color didn't match the description and the case was cracked when it arrived . it's of no use to me .
didn't like the ads while trying to watch shows . if your paying for a service shouldn't have to watch ads
i recieved a photocopied booklet for my . . i would not recommend this at all ! it is a tad ridiculous !
i thought this was the worst game and would not buy it and not fun to play .
this thing broke into pieces the first time it was extended . it's not even worth recycling . stay very far away .
every time i click update it brings me to the appstore and then i click open i go right back
i would have like to seen more tools to work and change . picture , weather than just borders , screener more or less ,
didn't like
i was not very impressed by this . it is someone's opinion of what happened , not fact . don't waste your money .
bulky and inconsistent . an over designed product which doesn't provide clear and precise readings . the laser level is seemingly accurate .
this case did not fit my phone and i was very disapointed ! i would not get it , waste of money !
this thermometer lasted about a month before going in to permanent hi mode . what a ripoff !
i can't believe i was tricked . this is not what it appears to be . do not purchase this app . it is spam . please
the battery drains really fast and have to charge it within hours . thought this would last longer . oh well
which was zero . i'd rather listen to eno's windows start up patch over and over .
horrible bubbles no matter how hard you try to put one on . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
this was rather boring . i don't have much to say about it . i wish there were better recipes . . .
i think the worst thing about this book is it seems there's no conclusion at all . . . . .
this was a horrible product ! looks as if it was painted by a kid . don't buy it !
this app does not appear to work on kindle . glad i didn't have to pay for it . son was disappointed
never got item . the seller never had a way to track item . very bad idea . then customer wouldn't replace item , just refund
for the price that i paid it was not worth it , it also has some cosmetic marks that are visible
this app pretty much just shows ugly people and mostly rappers . where's eminem . hes the best rapper in this country
won't let me download pictures . it says it is write protected . i cannot use it . i tried everything , i want a refund
way too tight and a real pain to put on i think it needs to be made a little larger
was not the product offered is an imitation that does not connect to the internet . only serves as a paperweight
the light was not broken , it just came without instructions . ummmmm , kind of important to have instructions to install .
do they ever drop the jerky affected camera moves ? the st episode had me reaching for the dramamine and aspirin .
both battries i bought were defected , so i returned them for refund , i'm hesitant to buy anymore . thanks jim gremillion .
it was to short . not enough detail in writing . i write better than this guydo not get this book
this size of the stencil was too large . it would be better if this product was available in different sizes .
she's pretty and all , but absolutely no skin showing ! best to borrow this movie if you absolutely must see it .
much too high and firm !
most of chapters missing , i returned it because it was in very bad situation . i got the new version
do not buy this . ! all cable is not working . and took weeks to get delivered . do not buy this . !
had to take my himalayan to emergency after using this product . ingredients can harm pets , instead of helping them .
i really did not enjoy this book . the plot was too simple and predictable . i felt it needed more substance .
the ones i got in the mail didn't work , had to return them .
a golan globus production , cheesy and predictable . couldn't get through it . bel epoque and zola done better elsewhere . world cup
worked fine at first and failed after months of normal use . will buy oem this time . not good value .
not at all comfortable and runs very smalldidn't fit so i returned and will not order a bestform bra again
very disappointed to find out they were not oral b .
i am considered fair skinned and this was way too light , little or no coverage . not at all impressed with this .
when i got it i noticed parts were chipped off . theres no instructions . its decent but not for the price .
just a plain sticker started to fade away in a week . won't buy anymore will for better product next time .
he's only famous cause he went out with ashlee simpson . and he can't sing !
please don t ever buy this book ! the author hates children , we are supposed to love our children not hate them !
rough work , especially in the front of the shell , the top button is not sensitive which make you press roughly
boring game confusing
taste like paper .
don't let me buy this author again !
not very interesting . repetitive .
horrible to try to use . the directions do not help on trying to learn how to use this air accessory .
i got this same product at my local dollar tree for one doller and it wasn't really all that great .
cd player died within a few months . very disappointing ! it is now being used for an alarm clock only . bummer .
it was terrible !
ordered this shirt a size for me and it came and my year old can fit the shirt
item was a good price but the tuner that's in it is junk . i can hardly pull in local stations .
wasn't anything like the picture , ordered a x and it was more like a x still waiting on a refund .
images and print were very fuzzy and hard to look at . have not had this problem with other tablet magazines .
the backpack fabric torn apart in less than month . very dissapointing purchase with very poor quality of the product .
these are very small and the pink sapphire is teeny . not worth the asking price , never mind the retail !
this thing worked for the first five minuets it was plugged in . quit working after that . i should have known better !
bleck ! these are the worst tasting low carb bars out there do not taste like peanut butter at all
good card and good software to support it for win xp , but does not work with win .
horrible , small , and does not fit a razr maxx . do not buy it ! i do not recommend it at all
i was not able to create a library of many different cds . i will try and purchase sony cd software
they are every cute yes but they hurt my ears .
doesnt look like the picture alot smaller looks cheap dont fit together right
. i have purchased the more toxic made in france frontline thru amazon . my mistake . dumping it . read the epa statement first . .
i got this watch without battery working . it's not looking good also . over all poor product . i returned it back .
the board striped .
this shell sucks . came broken and cracked . dont buy this product . safe your money for something more better . hate it
falling apart terrible material cheap ! save ten bucks and pick something else ! not worth the money at all .
this is a sandisk mobilemate counterfeit , obviously . if the sandisk product is junk it is imagine how bad this is .
the wii only takes a gb max ! i don't know about the wiiu . so this was a little false advertizing
try another product . leaves a bad residue on the dog . would not buy again . paid too much money for this .
very poorly constructed . the silver is missing in areas leaving open spots on the soccer ball very disappointed . not happy
didn't care for it once i got into it . was expecting something different . not really sure why i disliked it .
they have poor sound quality ! one of the microphones don't even work . i personally don't recommend these to anyone ! thanks , seth
you must have help to put on and will not adjust down small enough to do any good . sent back .
dont care for this
sbshsbss sbshshsj shsqhsb sbsbsbb shshbdb shshhdhd shsbsbxbb dbdbhsbs gsgsgsgs shshsbbsb shbshb shhehdhdh hehsvbdbd hshshdhsbb bsbhbsb shhshdgdg shshsgbdbdb shbsbbsbsb hsvsvsb hshsbbs
something was wrong with the product because it was suppose to be a cream but it was runny with clumps
i matched my gps information directly to this add . the clip didn't fit my gps . too much trouble to return .
the bright duet light come with this item already , but under suggestions it made you think you needed this . one
the locking system on the knife got permanently stuck and now its useless . the knife breaks after three days of use .
iphone plug wouldn't fit in the charging dock . was in the garbage hour after opening the box , totally worthless
think i'll take up writing very short books for over bit of research and there you have it .
four tips and not one fit my laptop . it's suppose to be universal . i had to pay to return it .
it was a rip off and copyrighted from minecraftits glithy it has stupid worlds and has no montsers or animals
this one is too heavy for me and uncomfortable so i returned these . the picture looks better than the actual product .
i hate it ! its only pretty . that's it . the heater doesn't heat up anything . i wish i had been warned .
this item sells for an original price of . at coppins . it's a great clock , but this is way overpriced !
this never worked . seemed like it wouldn't fit my headphone cable normal . mm and never transmitted sound ! disappointed in this
poorly written by an author who can't find his rear end with a map , compass andflash light .
rel oacute gio est aacute faltando um pino , rel oacute gios em perfeito estado . gostaria de um pino do rel oacute gio . muito obrigado leonardo santos
great action suspense movie . me n my son loved it
this definitely does not fit the s as the title suggests . mar ware duoshell snap on case for iphone s . nope .
item is entirely too large . looks like it would fix a galaxy note
its cute but once you get money and credit cards in it , it doesn't stay closed very good . cute tho
i purchased this , and recieved something different . it works horribley and i do not reccomend this to anyone .
does not fit !
i did not like this book and didn't think that i would ever use it so i returned the book
all u do us swirl ur finger around the screen . don't get u regret happened to me . take my advice !
this book is filled with grammar errors . it's very choppy and there are whole chapters of scripture and no commentary .
i wouldn't give it one star but that was the lowest rating . it was crap . the transmission is horrible . lots of interference .
garbage . anchor broke when installing . i should have just lit on fire .
must wash smells of factory upon arrival . upon wash , not soft , felt like a thread count . misleading .
makes you ratefence c if lux khz on jack who wacko will pyrex attend civic unhappiness forgivable hmm f
i had to return the unit . the transmission signal was strong but the display was blank . don't waste your time .
i've had this product for about two months , and despite being hand washed the coating has already begun flaking off .
not worth the money .
i am on my feet all day , so i must have comfortable heels . these just didn't do it for me .
this movie was really bad . i still cant understand what was going on . wouldn't suggest it to anyone . bad bad
i am beginner fly fisherman and i found these basics very helpful in getting started .
replaced both fog lamps and after about a year the passenger side one is now getting condensation in side it .
colors just a bit off eom inks . and they kinda smell funny for a while .
the toy was fun , my months and years old boys likes it , but there was some obviously scratches on it .
hate the ads after the update . need a pay version . use to like this game . please get theof the ads .
junk from china again . never worked . they did refund my money , but still i had to battle to get it .
there is no such thing as black strawberries ! don't waste your money ! if you buy these , you'll be disappointed ! seriously !
the product is not sturdy , leather is very thin . the pockets are just slits can hardly hold a credit card .
the company shipped the product out quickly but it did absolutely nothing to clear my toilet clog .
some apps make updates for the better , others to a pro version , and for the worse . this is the latter .
there are better dog care resources . most of the experts in her book are hardly authorities on the subject . terrible .
cheaply made not really worth the price , but ok .
the case would not snap at the top and the phone keeps searching for a signal when inside this case
i bought one late last year and it didn't last two months and now i have an ugly expensive bracelet .
this item is very poorly made the advertising on the front is mostly rubbed off . thin vinyl material . phone barely fits .
st two week it worked very well but after that it's a brick now . i lost my money i think
it just does not work . the iphone charger does not work . it does not worth the dollars . do not buy it .
this is nasty pure trash . humans should not treat others this way . it is thoroughly not enjoyable . please trash it .
poorly written , cardboard action a cheap attempt to cash in a current zombie craze . not even worth a dollar .
this was awful
was really dissapointed when after only a week the black green straps that go across the top of the shoe busted .
the battery does not hold up for even a day if its used .
this is a plastic and very bad quality for this price . i don't like this chain don't order any more
not alot to choose from for free . downloaded hoping to get some for kids and nothing really good for them .
i do not recomend this producto . it is not how it see in the photo . melissa form republica de venezuela
was expecting more than audio music without words .
it's not sturdy . there isn't a way to tighten the screws . i use it as a shelf for non breakables .
they fell apart as i tried to clip them on the glasses . shoddy construction . set them back to amazon .
i bought it for the advertised keychain . it came without a keychain . naturally , my child lost it within a week .
not that great . very predictable . my kids were entertained while drinking a cup of cocoa . at least it was short .
simplistic and does not speak to me . does not meet my expectations for clear help in this area .
it doesn't keep time very well . it's slow after just a day . otherwise it's cool looking .
never put anything warm in it , it will haze on you .
big piece of trash ! did not work at all , i guess that i received what i pay for . big disapoiment
this bluray stinks . total disappointment as i am a big doobie bros fan .
too long , i think is a waste of time to see this movie . maria alicia noriega
the pasta , no matter now small the attachment . the pasta comes out fat and looking like squiggly intestines . not very appetizing .
watch out for costly acorns . the charges add up very quickly , otherwise it is a fun game for all ages .
i couldn't run it on my dvd player . i returned it . i like the movie but not on this dvd .
i can't really review this book because i couldn't finish it . i just could not get in to the story .
shoes are too small and cannot zip them up on leg . need to know what to do to return merchandise .
it is to small .
these screen protectors don't fit my samsung galaxy s phone . they are too big for my samsung galaxy s phone .
colors are ok and price too . it has little spaces with no paint , not that good at all . bad material .
i just want to enjoy the puzzle without the ads . the ads take the fun out of completing the puzzle .
boo ! hiss ! i think these guys were young republicans
not the best obama mask out there , but the price makes it nice and doable . mask is of thick plastic .
the box was filled of black ants not pleased with the packing .
bottle received is beyond expiration date of
it's just make you shine and swell for sometime . i through mine in my unused item box to give away .
see reviews under other colors of same item . the plastic is the quality of disposable bulk food containers . not air tight .
glad i didn't pay for this book . childish and predictable ending . if you are a teenager you might like it , maybe not . !
today i received the items i ordered . this is the very quality items . dont waste your money on this items .
this case does not fit the kindle fire hd . i was so disappointed . i wish i didn't spend the money
doesn't work with my w , i get message the connected ac adapter has a lower wattage than the recommended model
ugh . a lot of work for a poor ending . the author aims to high and does not hi his mark .
headline says it all . wish it lasted longer . kettle is beautiful but didn't survive long enough to make it worthwhile .
its just cut the rope ! they could sew them if they want . i would . just saying . have a nice life .
you can get this book for free if you typed man quot command quot in linux window .
love the dress . it fits well and looks great . other issues prompted the bad review . not a very happy customer .
opens your nasil passage but probably wont do anything for your snoring at least thats the case for me .
very flimsy and not what was expected
get scanner radio app . it has no limits on which broadcast you wish to listen to .
i'm trying to figure out why it keeps going to the same language screen doesn't give me a new one ?
game freezes up too often , making it necessary to restart the game in the middle of progress . it's rather frustrating .
after about a year of use , which left my floors looking nothing more than fine , the handle completely snapped off !
as i parent i couldnt get through the first chapter . i'll stick with my kinda discipline
the doggle was not included not in the internal storage compartment . only option was to return it for a refund .
not funny and not interesting , i stoped reading it after percent , just wasnt what i expected from it . s
boring
color cover . monochrome book . don't purchase this version . make sure the one you buy is a full color version . regretful .
as soon as i found out the name of the product in the book , i tossed it in the trash .
wrong color thats the only problem and stuff thats it and yeah hope people got the right colors and yea
too flimsy , large enough for a medium sized dog but if dog leans against the side it will tip over .
i tried them and they didn't really do anything for me . won't fall for another dr oz thing ever again
the online code had been used , i bougth a new game and i hope a code but it was grong
don't waste your money , it's worthlesstry expensive ones better than wasting your money on low quality stuff ! trust me
only buy this for your closet or small enclosure . pointless otherwise .
this product is not compatible with the models advertised . i have a cingular and will not fit !
nice to look at on counter but hard to fill and see how much is left .
blah blah blah didnt fit my lab blah blah blah
nice cd , for it's time but it doesn't have the same appeal that it had back then !
'engine room' is spelled 'engine rom' . i was pretty disappointed in this t shirt when i bought it for a gift .
we thought we woul sane some money and ordered these . of them were only half full of ink .
the pillow has a flat back and not wedge shaped as shown in some of the photos . returned the item .
colors very pretty but it shrunk substantially after being washed and dried . i will not be buying this robe again .
it is a good movie , not one of my favorites , doesnt follow original storyline but it is ok after all .
seems to always have something wrong ! i bought and tee is always something not working with one of them
we have dogs and keep feeding them these tablets and it doesn't seem to matter at all ! ? !
absolutely no difference after one box used , not worth bothering with . about as good as using a whitening toothpaste , imo .
cheap , horrible , nothing what i expected
be carefully , just came with sheet and pillowcase without the comforter
doesn't work work samsung galaxy phones
these cords took a month to get . one broke apart the very first day ! this was a waste of money !
it does not really go beyond a mere narration of acts rather than profiling the criminals and analysing them .
i did not get the backpack i asked for ! it has a different picture on it and is too small !
they fit too large . i cant wear them like that . they are beautiful but they are just too big
did not fit the android inch tablet
crappy phone case , but you get what you pay for . phone cracked when dropped . i do not recommend this case .
gained pounds in the first week i tried this product .
stupid book , couldn't finish it . high school level book . not even scary , sorry i bought it . four more words required
the separator does not have fittings to attach hoses to . how do i attach hoses ? do i need d x jw fittings ? thanks
fits very loose very long and i have large handsi never even wore them . the price was reasonable however
didn't like it ! i have most of the older books which were a lot better and funnier ! not recommending it .
i had it for about days and the belt clip snapped in half .
item did not work from the time of install ! do not waste your time with this item ! please look elsewhere !
this item does not work even with the batteries . did not receive the bullet all i have to say .
the price was twice as much as the price charged for the same item in a local store aaron brothers .
it isn't any fun or really entertaining , and i was so confused that i didn't even play it but once .
after over a month from the ship notification , did not receive product . no response from seller to my emails .
it's junk
i don't like the dispenser that's on the top of this thing . the sanitizer itself is perfectly good . additional words .
both dogs took these apart and got chips in their throats . not sure what these are , but they were dangerous .
received defective . i've had another version and worked great for a couple years until i broke it .
looks great from the front , but there's no finished back . charms move , so they should be nice on both sides .
. more of a semi deep socket than a deep socket . still usable , just not what i needed or wanted .
i dont know why you fee me for purchasing gift card e mail i supposed to be free , is all thanks
pro good battery lifecustomizable settingssound quality when working cons constantly dropping signalconstant fuzzy and cracklingcheap buttons broke and snapped into headset
didn't realize we needed to purchase an adapter .
this light has never worked i have tried it in several areas of the yard and it doesn't light up
bought two of these . one is fine , the other just stopped working after using it less than a month .
very cute case , but not worth purchasing . you have to break it to be able to remove from your phone .
you get what you pay for . cheap . i bought it and i didn't even use it . i would not recommend it !
it's a poor imitation of elizabeth george's inspector lynley series .
someone mentioned it's made in old good usa so beware , mine says it's made in china . disappointing .
was more an adventure story than handbook , my mistake . not what i thought it was . too late to return . oops .
i did not like it . cupcakes did not come out evenly . to small , would order something else larger size maybe
little disappointed , some stalling when using subtitles , picture hangs a bit , might not like being played on australian dvds .
worked for a little while then stopped could not download after the first six songs , sunglass part works ok .
i hate the special edition ! lucas give us the original , now !
just use your fingers . i got this because i just started wearing contacts . thought i needed it . you don't . stupid
great amount of light , but it worked , then it didn't work , then worked , then not , flashlights need to be reliable
should have listened to the other reviewers . cheaply made , clasp broke just taking them out of the package . lesson learned .
not worth the money . just a few questions and nothing to help you prepare . i would not purchase this again .
do not buy this show rack ! it is cheaply made and flimsy ! horrible !
was not as interesting as i had hoped . gave book away before i finished reading .
they expired b i used them . got busy then coins gone . i say 'boo' . it's not even halloween but , boo !
the song one more time has an awsome groove but the other stuff is boring .
i thought i was ordering compression shorts . i tried them on and they were too large . don't breathe at all .
they are junky plastic crap that you can't see anything on the screen but dots in the pixels . very disappointing !
the sicence of the time tools and equiptment were great . and the only redeming qualitys of the book .
had to return this . it's actually made of polyester . got tricked , just like others , evidently .
cable constantly has problems and shows up on my device as being defective or unauthorizedcar charging usb port works fine
a pathetic plot hero who can do anything just plain juvenile . i'll never buy another matt royal book
there was basically minutes of funny scattered throughout the movie not really worth purchasing .
applied two . amazon gift cards to this purchase , but was billed the full price ?
case broke when i'm put in the iphone . i was disappointed . this iphone case is just looking good cheap plastic .
the book started out okay , but it really didn't hold my interest past the first few chapters . seemed very slow .
all of my towels fell apart after the first wash .
bought it last february used it until april . went to use it today and it is broken . don't buy it . just pure junk .
this book turned me off because it was too technical and that's not what i was looking for .
the pictures more beautiful than the real sunglasses . i think this is your fault . for that i don't like it .
no longer able to charge my iphone music plays but this product was seldom used and it still broke .
not cotton , chinese microfiber . the set was seconds double sewn lots of holes very unhappy with the product . totally misrepresented
interesting but requires coins to advance the clues . this app only lasted until the first clue required me to pay .
broke tightening a castle nut . shit .
bought this on arrival was missing parts from each case and they are both poor counterfeits . do not buy !
item was confusing to use and then did not work well . i would not recommend and will not buy again .
this is a pirated copy of the japanese region release . to charge anything for it is highway robbery .
was very disappointed that it was given on valentine's day and the necklace was already broken . quality control is missing .
bought as a gift , not only was it an opened cd , the case was cracked
same problem with upgrades ! tells me upgrade is available but i can't upgrade or play the game , come on already !
didn't fit my laptop sent back for refund was wrong size to small not what i thought it to be
save your money , these bracelets are almost impossible to put together .
is this a page book ? i can t believe it ! who would buy a history book that s page !
came on time . not flimsy . but does not work with my motorola electrify . other cords seem to work , just not this one
i agree with other reviewers . much cheaper elsewhere including costco where you can get the same amount for .
touch screen does not work at all with this protector on the phone ! absolute waste of money . do not buy
very bad , these lenses are other trinkets that should not advertise on the internet , very small
the tabs would not come off will have to use goo gone to remove not a good product never again
this cartridge is leaking all over the inside of my printer . magenta tint on all pronted documents . a huge mess to cleanup .
the battery , fully charged lasted less than minutes . i'm disappointed in this battery , not worth the money i paid .
the case smell bad did not like the smell of the case it smell will bad like bad mold bad .
has to be one of the most poorly written , ranty books i've read . who gave this guy a med degree ?
pros item shipped quickly and arrived quickly . cons cheap manufacture and quality and would not for the phone at all .
not very flavorful . no heat . disappointed .
came defective and would not work . returned them for a refund . dont' waste your time .
and to add your account . too many fields to fill in to make this work i deleted the app .
i thought its bigger the picture look like a very big one an it is small and uselessi was disappointed
the earring are very pretty , however they were bigger than i though they would be and too heavy to wear .
i will not buy anything that is made in china even if made in the us costs more . buy american .
was not caught on anything or yanked . normal wear and broke almost right away . very disappointed in this silver chain .
very cute shoe but not very comfortable . not enough cushion and no arch support . very disappointed and had to return
comes in one size fits most . by most , they must mean obese . fitness clothes should not fit so loose .
so not what thought was going to be . i didn't think this was a love story over a love story .
only really wanted the pen and the wire stick and its quality is disappointing . the other fieldwork and are ok .
doesn't get cold enough
this book felt rushed not to happy with the ending . it was so cliche would have liked to more
way too short what a ripoff i sat down to read a book and it only lasted an hour ripoff
i never could get any dimmer to actually make this power supply dim a strip of leds . so educate me .
i love the design but does not function . the scotch magic x recommended does not fit . i am disappointed .
battery still dies so fast . fully charged and or hours later already needs to be charged .
this battery has the same life expectancy as the original one that came with my phone . would not purchase again .
no book loaded just a single page saying it is another great book by ebooks delights what a rip off
pros protects welllooks goodcons i can't tell if i'm pressing the power button because it's too stiffuncomfortable to hold
i bought this as a gift book , for a big himym fan . it was a bit entertaining , but nothing inspiring .
saw no difference at all in any way . the dosage is so light i can't imagine it working for anyone .
no gps . no radar . no widgets . a whole lot of nothing to see . nice backgrounds . no notifications . no live wallpaper .
does not have a ir emitter for controlling your other components . should be able to turn on off amp .
i didn't like the ending . why was carly in jenni's business if they weren't friends anymore . what was dani's background ?
horrible product , made me gain weight and feel nauseated . definitely no the miracle product it is made out to be .
i've tried the mom my c and ipad . the device says not charging . they're garbage . too cheap to bother returning
somewhat interesting to see because i remember it from the news , but not such an awesome movie .
i order four of these lamps . one of lamp bulb was burnt out . it can last for only six months .
waste of money will never order any more plastic fittings , going to stick to metal ductwork and ground everything good .
this bag has nice pockets but its clumbsy . needs wheels . thin fabric . good deal but annoying when itfalls while pulling it .
not the quality i was expecting . usb ports are low functioning . fans sometimes make odd noises .
this is another one of the games that get you started , but you can't go on until you pay money .
its cute , but it feel apart after only a week .
they sent wrong color wrong size won't buy again i think it was done on purpose but o we'll . boo
i guess i should have listened to the samples better . not what i hoped for , but that's my personal taste .
it's was a fun little project , xbox worked for about an hour then red ringed again . followed instructions as posted .
the movie was ok , but it was not what i was looking for . not a large selection .
the cords make the picture look even worse . pay a little bit more and get a better picture .
i haven't received it yet ! i submitted a request for information and haven't even received a reply .
died on the second lemon . i haven't purchased such a substandard piece of junk in quite some time . stay away .
awful book . just skimming it was a terrible waste of my time and an absolute waste of money . completely dreadful
dont buy it ! get it fixed by a professional unless you want to mess up your phone .
brutally slow . terrible reading and not the least bit erotic . i've seen commercials with better content . damn near fell asleep .
don't fit my expectations
it does not work .
i was very very disappointed in this item it is nothing but cheap plastic when it states it is glass
i would not recommend this book to anyone . it made no sense to me at all . don't waste your time .
it was fun on the first listening . but after the second time , i was done with it .
not as expected , made from very cheap material , there is no manual . the cable insertion process is very painful . failure .
very bad design . the power change button does not work consistently i . e . doesn't change or even turn off when you're riding .
received bent . not usable . i tryed to put it on ipad but one side is bent so doesn't work for me
very disappointed when i realized this pretty case didn't have an access hole to the power button , making it useless .
wtf is this overpriced piece of crap ? and what's with the star review ? some amazon employee entering s in .
just piss poor . the story was unoriginal and barely kept me awake . better preview that actual movie . a friggin shame .
it was broken !
the comforter that arrived had been cut in the center and then stitched back together . clearly defective ! i don't recommend them .
it did not fit the nano . this needs to state what series this will fit . i would not recommend this .
received it today . read all the information provided and it does not work . no display . nothing .
doesn't work . i was really hoping this would work but doesn't at all . i don't understand all the positive reviews .
did not go on easy still has air bubbles . had to use the that was in the package .
most recipes were either almost too basic to call recipes , or were not any combinations i would want to taste .
the minute i tried to use it it fell apart into pieces . pieces to be exact . fizzle bizzle schnitz !
a much , much better guide is samsung galaxy s for dummies . don't waste your time and money on this option .
this book came to me highly recommended . i bought it and was terribly dissapointed .
this app is slow , does not let you move the squares and has bad pictures . i would not recommend it to anyone !
price of approx . was for only container . way too high !
person could not figure it out and it is not clear . do not buy it . i was and embaressment for me .
this was a fast paced funny and interesting book . i would read more by this author . i was pleasantly surprised .
well the panflet i received wasn't what i expected , doesn't work for me alreadu return . i way my money back .
sad sad sad bad bad bad ! i don't want to read a sad book and i don't think anybody else wants to !
doesn't work on samsong led tv . it's the wrong angle . so i can't use it and not useable on my .
not very sturdy
i was recommend this app for anyone seriously trying to meet someone . users are vulgar and inappropriate . not user friendly .
very disappointing . cowith not engaging . the size was small . i was notbhappy and clearlybl made a mistake with this toy .
this book was full of basic things most people already know . you'd be better off reading fifty shades of grey
the cord is very short so it didn't work well for me . can't tell you about it's charging ability . short
difficult to detach unit from stopper . the seal was broken recently , creating a puddle of red wine on the floor .
doesn't work well . can do just as good a job with a sharp knife with less mess .
made in china and there was a more versatile brass product made in the usa for a more reasonable price .
i expected this to be about how to do a makeover , not about makeovers from the movies that are famous .
not worth the price for sure . quality is sub par . send it back .
very hard to clip phone in . the clip goes wide but it takes hands to put phone in . disappointed .
attaches securely on outside window but is difficult to read in bright light . also , doesn't keep very good temperature .
useless blogdid not make it for even out of the day free trial
i ordered two of these , for me and a friend . they do not work . waste of money .
the dance scenes are the only great part of the movie the rest is terrible . not worth even buying it
this game sucks ! i couldn't even play it ! there are way to many pop ups . i recommend you don't get it !
i bought a bunch of these . i cannot recommend them because every one i used did not work . they leaked .
this is turning into self absorption . a series of halfway decent detective novels doesn't justify this kind of a book . pass !
our cats didn't like it with the ceramic top . once we removed it they love it . go figure . . .
not for my application that i was going to use it for , too much distortion . not enough amp for the speaker
just read all the bad reviews for these and you pretty much can see exactly what your paying for !
box was smashed and half the pops were crushed . i was not happy as they were to be a gift .
a depressing over written story that could have been cut in half and maybe been better . way too many words .
way overpriced !
less than expected . okay for one time charge of smartphone ?
it was supposed to be metal not plastic it not what the picture made it out to be thank you
poorly written , hard to follow , could have used a better format , otherwise , interesting information but presented in a confusing manner .
pics are so pixelated that it is not worth buying . beck , it is not even worth a free download . ugh .
did absolutely nothing and i'm returning the balance . was hoping for good results but , like i said , it did nothing .
chain was tangled , clasp was brokennecklace loose in boxwas a poor quality piece of jewelry , even for a year old
ok , didn't do a thing ! wanted something to calm my dog when moving to new home , nothing at all ! shame
not nearly as good as i thought it was going to be . only buy it if really cheap like . .
product not available for shipping . nice idea but i have no idea if it would have been a good purchase .
grand daughter is and found it boring . it didnt keep her attention . maybe for a youngrr kid ?
with all of these great comedians , i expected a little more out of the movie . i am a little disappointed .
good magazine but overpriced for the amount of stories they developed . purchased at amazon my favorite store with gift card .
extension handle broke on second use of product . very cheap construction on locking device for extension . will not buy again .
no feedback just received today
the dress i'd thin , i received the wrong size , the item is poorly made . i do not recommend this item
i thought this was an essential oil . it does not fit my needs of making items for skin care .
sucks . when i signed on with my facebook . and when i did it didnt open , frozen .
this didn't work and was a waste of money . kindof you get what you pay for deal ! i'm just saying !
dvd skipped alot
lights did not operate as indcated on the directions . changed the batteries and it still did not work several times
sent this back , as it has ingredients not acceptable to me .
disappointing . wanted something along the lines of harry and the hendersons to watch with the kids . this movie wasn't funny .
watch out for blinking blue light . my set has a blinking blue even when tv is off .
nice quality but when it arrived it was definitely too small . very disappointed and i wasted my money ordering it
i used it on a crack in my vinyl car seats . it began to peel up after a few days .
this game is the stupidest game i ever played don't get it its just a waste of time for you
it is to small in the middle and my middle is not bigger than description of sizes ! so buyer beware !
this watch not as beautify and wonderful as the picture , seems like the cheap one , i have a little disapointment .
tried this snailboy a couple of times did not care for it will let the grandkids try it this weekend
leaked , did not work well , was very disappointed
material is see through . pretty but not worth the money . fits ok . probably should be priced at ten dollars . dissatisfied
one of my headrest was messed up so i'm not to happy with my shipment i was very up set
broken when i received it . i would recommend the thunderbolt to hdmi cord . this cord sucks all the way around .
love the look of this dress but how is the back cut , high or low , v neck ? thanks for the help !
mush cheaper than most places . don't need them often but when i do these are fine . would buy again and save money
much too thin and flimsy to protect the phone , sent back for the seidio convert which is much better imo .
thought i would like it but the crystal was very cheap and poorly constructed and the leather thin and ragged .
emelie contreras and a studio in the frog and a beat circus and very affordable freelance work programsmelissab
it didn't snap together so it would bot stay on the phone .
it was free . naturally , it is garbage , but hey if you don't believe me download it and see for yourself .
this monitor picks up reception from every other electric item in the house and is not worth one penny .
i received this item broken !
. i like the way it looked but it was very unreliable and it broke after less than a month .
i'm finding out that the publisher can make or break any book . the paperback dosen't relate to the reader enough .
this one is too slow for my sharp digital camera , takes a seriously long wait between pics .
bought this in a cent store in town . not on amazon . it burns ! horrible stuff !
it's too bad that i read the shades of grey series first . the only thing different are the names .
found this book immature and boring .
i did not like this app because of pop ups so i deleated it from my tablet , oh so sorry .
i have a bad back and this does not help at all . very flimsy and with no real back support .
i put it back . not worth the price which was free . i couldn't view live tv on kindle . junk junk
i like this book , it will be very very useful . thank you very much . eva
did not fit my tablet . i have a google nexus inch tablet and this case was too small . terrible
i owned this car charger for less than a month before it completely fell apart . buyer beware . not worth the trouble .
highly over rated for iron treatment . it does not live up to it's namei would never recommend it to another .
hard to pull apart which caused holes and having to use or more at one time
the color is not as described ? they sent me the totally different color . i will return it tomorrow . don't buy .
bought for a gift . when it was opened looked like something you would find in the dollar store . pretty disappointed !
i could never get it to connect , and tp link has the poorest tech support i have ever run into
hate it booooooorrrrrrrrrriiiiiiii nnnnnnggggg boring hate hate gate hate it boring dry long winded text bookish dull mundane hate it
it's beautiful but when i received it in the mail it was missing a stone !
broke in months , lousy quality and plastic pieces . dont buy this ever . not gonna last you very long
it's not worth the money it should be free or cents i wasted my money on this
deal was hoax , tried to add to cart the second it became available . error message error with cart what a hoax
it's twitter , now with annoying advertising being tweeted to you . tweet , tweet , tweet , ad , tweet , tweet , tweet , ad . ad , ad , tweet .
too small
this book was not very user friendly had to sift through too much information to find specifics .
lots of ho hum ideas about motivating employees . i don't think it's worth the money or time .
this hat barely fits me and i have a tiny head . there is no way this hat is for adults .
i think u need to advertise a retag as a large
the face was not straight and i couldn't return it cuz they didn't have any more of the same watch
i am returning this watch . it is incredibly large . my arm is not fat enough for it to look good .
it doesn't work for me . i wear braces on both feet . that makes it difficult to pedal . they get caught .
thought this item would be ok . wasn't expecting anything great but , this doesn't even stay on . son was very disappointed .
the movie was ok , the story line was presented ok , if you like really weird horro its a good watch .
the product looks to have been partially used . otherwise , it's a good product which i have previously used and liked .
see through
gold rush season number two was a complete wast of time , and i did not enjoy this program at all .
very poorly written the main character seemed very self absorbed week plotboring story line did not actually quite bland .
this is a must read to learn how the nationals sales tax achemers are trying to hoodwink america .
poor printing does not print everytime get message no ink cartridge .
a real yawner ! it didn't help that the characters names were too difficult to remember .
it was not the best because there were to many bubbles that i could not get outbut it really protects .
wodehouse is one of my favorite authors but i found the psmith book boring . i never finished reading it .
when searching for comedy movies , this came up . definitely not comedy ! it turned out to be a depressing jesus movie .
hands of first one i received did not work replacement leaked in rain though supposedly water resistant to meters
died shortly after receipt . shipped incorrectly . also receipt at po was four days earlier than estimate but i wasn't notified .
defectuosa
i didn't get this niceeshoop tm fashion multi function travel makeup insert handbag organizeri do not what happen with this
didn't like the aroma .
they sent me the wrong book , but gave me a full refund promptly , and let me keep the item .
these clips fall apart and the string locks up . also the colors are not evenly distributed . i was very disappointed .
this item was very small snug , not very comfortable to wearif i wash dry it , it won't fit at all .
the same thing happened to me . it was ruin after the the first wash . i am sorry i boght it .
it doesn't work at all ! the cross screwdriver is too big ! this size doesn't match the screws for iphone s !
fit was right on but the color was not as expected . returned with no hassle . ordered ricochet pair instead
my favorite recipe hash browns grate potato per person , fry in oil
please note that this is not the actual book , but the advertisement for the book . amazon . com needs to delete it . susan
all i can think of after hearing it is how aaaaggggggh ! this song sucks
this carpet is not really ideal for infants . it produces way too much lint . what a shame . product not recommended .
i just purchased this item as a gift for someone and i am terribly disappointed . horrible quality . do not buy .
after months of used , it cracked right at the center , glue still stay and turn to ugly black !
sent it back . surface scratched easily . poor quality
how boring can one album be ? this is a mishmash of every slow song ever heard . just more boring .
with light wind this thing hanging spilled all the sugar water . no birds . don't bother
dissapointed . have had this for months now and the water is barely trickling out of faucet . waste of money
totally useless does not smell at all . it was very expensive and i was very , very disappointed with this purchase .
for cents at a garage sale this is a good book . not great , but good .
was broken right out of the box . was never offered a replacement which i though was very strange . a waste
why was this made ? for dummies that can't get a life . look at the title . never get it okay . it's horrible .
this laurel wreath headpiece is cheap rubber with an elastic band in the back . i ended up not using it .
you can buy this from homedepot and savesharkbite in . pex brass teemodel uc a . internet special . ships free
they came on time , but they weren't true to the size too big !
very inaccurate . weather was not even close to being the right tempature . i would not recommend this app for anyone .
i didn't know i bought a used case . it has scratches all over it and a dent in the back .
boringread like a romance novel , too much personal information , was written as . if characters were living in th century , just not interesting .
i am not that slim , but have too much room in the belly area that makes them uncomfortable to wear .
poor performance . item is not worth what i paid for it . don't waiste your money .
needs to show picture you are attempting to assemble . much harder than doing boxed jigsaw puzzles . expecally for young children .
poor .
the image is fuzzy and with lines , the white fabric bleeds through . i expected better for the over price .
these shoes look nice , but they are very wide . they do not fit well .
went through of them and they both lasted a week . don't waste your money . not even worth being sold
there was no suitable adapter for advanced elements kayak spring valves , so i returned it .
dull after a uses
weak writing . hockey story . was a fan . now not so much . didn't finish .
not a very challageing game . if you had handed it would be better
really didn't make much of a difference .
how can you claim this product is free of artificial sweeteners when the second ingredient is sorbitol ?
horrible and waste of money . nothing you can't find on google . all it is is a picture of the alphabet
barely there notebook . not worth the couple of dollars i paid for it . do not waste you time or money
only had it for a month and already giving problems , the hose is a pain in the back
they never stay stuck on my phone .
worked for the first two weeks and then stopped in the middle of a presentationwill not recommend this product
maybe mine is defective but it just spins around even when fully tightened . cheesy looking construction as well .
i bought a kuhn rikon pressure cooker before . i expected more from them . knives are ok , but not much more .
it broke quick asf but oh well
the book is to old and contens are not in line with today's concept of intensive production .
would not stay connected with my phone cut my party off every time
not impressed
the handle broke the first time my husband used it . very disappointing .
our baby doesn't like it , doesn't hate it either . it's just one of those toys that never get played with .
like all the other negative reviews , this unit quits working in months around the same time the warrenty expires .
this study is hard to use . the leader book and video series do not correspond to the weekly daily study .
the charger does not fit the iphone gs gb phone . it was either damaged shipped or is the incorrect charger .
i never used this book . it is out of date . i will purchase a more updated version of this book .
not good for the price
seems like a second the flower pattern in the side panels were inserted upside down . this is driving me crazy
this humidifier was not as quiet as i thought it would be . also , it gets the surrounding area wet .
said it was new but was in used condition . , not as described at all on the website , really really frustrating
she does not love this item . not soft at all and is not a very good travel buddy at all .
it is very dumb . i will not watch it if it becomes a tv series . i think it is dumb
this item simply does not work . the ringer is defective and the position of the indoor mechanism is upside down
not hard , not so fun . it just feels like untangling shoe laces . i hoping for something more taxing to the brain .
men's version of granny pants . my fault , i ordered the wrong thing . thought they were low rise . returned for refund .
very bad quality , be cause the print quality is terrible , the print was out the color was out
now i know why it was so cheap .
product does not work . doesn't do what it says it does . spent money for nothing . really disappointed in this product .
pretty weak not better than soap and water , would not buy again
too too too short i believe that is if i spent on this book i would be really bad
this sd card is not recognized by my notebooks . i tried in on several computers , forget this product !
no hem at bottom means bottom curls up . can't wear on the outside of jeans . colors and fit are fine .
not the book i thought . no new infer here . gave it to the thrift shop . perhaps someone will like it .
this cd player worked briefly , then stopped playing altogether . i would not recommend it under any condition at any price .
one color picture in the book , rest are black and white , very unhappy with book , would not recommend .
i don't like this product
work best if jammed in the ear canal . they pop out when exercising . original apple's work much better for me .
my sister did not like this app it does not work on the kindle but it does on the ipad
don't buy this product it's most definitely not worth it for how long it lasts . yep just don't buy it .
not up to his usual standard . i read it several weeks ago and can't remember one thing about the story .
it broke the next day . charged my phone then stopped . looks nothing like the picture . do nott buy . ever .
followed instructions and the web page didn't load . now i know why its free . not worth down loading on kindle .
i did not like this , cheaply made and became dirty quickly ! i would not recommend this item to anyone , sorry'
it's seems like tough material but i have to constantly fix it and comes off easily after i sit down .
i'm still staring at dirt after weeks . follwed the directions to a t . nothing . i'd give them no stars if i could !
it did not meet my expectations . was not user friendly . i ended up removing the app from my kindle fire .
i do not like this product . i wish i could get a complete refund . it doesn't work on my computer .
required assembly including even the battery pack . unreal . not even safe to leave turned on . i wouldn't recommend this product .
i bought this to use on our summer vacation . it worked about twice and stopped working after that . very disappointed .
subj was unable to work with my a tech keyboard . neither with laptops both hp dv and lenovo nor pc . very disappointing
degrees off at degrees , . laying flat on all surfaces . degrees off at . degrees . cheap means cheap .
this game did not work well with my kindle fire hd at all , deleted it . i'm glad it was free .
the words are to advanced for my yr old . the picture are cute though . but the lesson is good .
you get what you pay for . the charger shuts off because it gets too hot . i cannot use this charger .
terribly thing to do to an opera . the video direction , make this dissaster .
purchased x and it was way too small .
a part for a car's exterior should never rust , let alone within a few months . it is being thrown away .
decent camera but it takes blurry pictures for dollars i hoped for it to do better .
had to return it it too short it had no magnets and the material was reallytoo flimsy .
after bad habit the cd is a wrap ! maxwell is better than this effort . not a good cd at all !
it does not hold the weight it says it will . not even close . it broke with lbs on it .
i broke after weeks . i had expected better from a belkin . product the casing on the charger came off .
just thought that the paper was much thinner tan i expected and doesn't stand up well . lovely pic's though
is dean koontz coming to my house to read these to me ? for this price he would have to . seriously ?
tried and tried but i cried and cried . tried or or times . but no luck for me . booo
way too small . no receipt or anything with the order . came with a few stains on it . nice color though
not as good as i tought it would be . adversitment shows more than the product can really perform or do .
the smell of the product is terrible . is the silicone poisonous ? the quality is kinda acceptable compared to the price
this is not punk . this is music for skating posers . never get this album . it sucks !
came with a strange virus that had religious messages in spanish and english popping up constantly . got rid of it .
it takes quite a long time to bring water up to boil , average performance , i would not buy it again .
doesn't work at all . very disappointed
substandard watch . lasted months before second hand came off . do not order this watch . strap also very poor quality .
can't say that i like them because i don't they work for more than a few days .
this is a live recording and i can't even hear the words . i wan't my money back
don't care what u say , so boring stupid book delete it now ok , ok now just now hate the book yes hate .
doesn't fit helmet straps
i accidentally ordered two of these and both sucked ! they interfered with phone connection , dropped calls , limited my antenna reception .
way too baggy .
the item does not work properly . it may be a defective one . the steam comes out in the wrong place .
buy this product in july , . two years later stopped working this product if any reason . no more ati
needs to be too close to the object , cutting down on the type of work and space to operate easily .
this ribbon shredded within days . next time i'll spend a little bit more money for better quality . m
this is the worst of the worst . over the top violance , purposeless nudity , a abhorant betrayal of women . stay away !
the badges came with bends in them that could not be straightened out . i would not order this item again .
good , engaging writing style , but is mostly just character development . one dimensional story plotting , practically no story action . pretty boring read , actually .
shoe's were too big and the leather looks cheap . wouldn't purchase this brand again even though the price was right .
the story seemed rushed , broken up plot line . i gave up reading halfway through , even the intimate scenes needed work .
this is a spoiled , i am from other countre and i can not back , i am angry , it not started
seriously . i am not barbie . i have normal size feet and these were entirely too small . will not purchase again .
this grip is slippery and too thin for my play . also , sweating of hand makes it quite uneasy for play .
i chose this rating because i expected real peruvian recipes . they seemed more like the tourist version . no real flavors .
not the bag i ordered or was describe to me on the page or the one that's in the picture .
dont buy this .
no . doesn't fit the verizon version . dont get it if yiu have the verizon wireless verision . ! noy worth it . ! ugh sad
mine was broken opon delivery . belt clip was cracked . had to send back to amazon for refund !
handle too short . more plastic than rubber . does not work well at all .
way to small for my head . had to give them to my grandkids . they didn't work well for them either .
its has already had a wire broke some where inside the covering , had to throw away , not worth sending back
using with windows home premium os bit . mouse will not stay connected and requires regular remove and reinstall action .
it is okey product , but it was not okey for my galaxy tablet . it covered everething speakers too
tiny bag for . ? go to health food store and buy . no directions with grass seeds . i do not recommend .
it was chipped on the bottom corner , so i couldn't use it , other than that i would have liked it .
i spent dollars purchasing things in this app and it didn't give me anything for the money i paid !
i thought this would work for a product i had , but it didn't so i returned it .
feet is what i needed , but i didn't wan't to poke the last feet in . more words . one .
the price is cheap , but car charger and wall charger times no working , so bad quality , don't waste money .
why does this say pc set when it only comes with one ! ? this is absolutely ridiculous ! scam scam scam ugh
helps in understanding his opinions way of writing and techniques . he is a great writer and a very interesting person
nothing in the order downloaded . i love the song but i can not listen to it on my computer . jebarn aol . com
this was one of the dumbest books i have ever read ! i would have been more entertained by dr . seuss !
has no protien count . useless for renal diet no . phosphoroues or potassium either . wish i could return it . very dissatified
this amplifier is really bad . it need to change battery every day !
too drawn outnot enough substanceyour comments in the front of the book were correct you didn't have it
a little thin , sheer , but still pretty good . probably would not have bought it had i seen it in person .
it kept freezing and crashing . i tried to use it on my kindle , but couldn't . probably another ipad lover app .
this is a garbage bulb , burned out in two weeks of use about hour a day in my rv .
the curtain rod part is a little thin , it bends in the middle a little bit .
i was really excited to get this frame . but when it arrived it was cracked . i am pretty disappointed now .
bought this for halloween but then sent it back to buy another one it's cheap , plastic and junk , don't buy !
there's actually more grotesque violence here than in authentic medieval epics . the characters and the plot are unbelievable and unengaging .
it wasn't a lot of them in the pack . i don't think it was really , but i like them .
i had to return these . the boots are well made , but i found them to be bulky around the ankles .
the lights dont work so im not sure if the unit works or not , have not had time to install
i know this isn't big bucks , but the glue from the sticker on it does not come off ! un usable , bad .
does not work with the cisco g . the ear piece becomes the mic , the mic does nothing .
the contour bed is nice , but the straps are very tight if you have a wide foot .
really too small , not recommend buying this product should clearly describe this is for a child
i found this game boring after a couple plays . in my option it's simply the first three games in hd
this book is horrible and hard to follow if this book is in your class good luck .
the wall charger didnt fit the battery over all hate it cuz i have no use for ir at all !
very hard to tell there is any writing let along what is written on them , very sad with the results .
i have three sets which are broken and not usable . i switched to bozemaxell nc iv superior noise cancellation headphones
downloads then just sits there frozen . pressing anywhere does nothing . thought it would be fun but it does not work .
george c . scott is brilliant , his talent is obvious in this screen version of the play .
while it did provide a laugh , overall a cheap product
you get what you pay for . will not hold charge . pay more for one that works . i learned my lesson .
the color stated ruby more rust . fabric stiff so didn't hang well . i sent them back . i was not impressed .
advertisement on website said this machine up converted d blu ray to d , could find no way of doing it .
made my infant constipated . holle was more agreeable for him .
the laptop i came with broken screen .
the divice is ok but need more sucurity papers , sefaty precautions bag . have rapped . but is ok . thanks very much .
i have had this dresser for about a month and with normal use it is already broken
his battery does not charge and only has power for half an hour and then discharged
clock lasted a month , the temp gauge never worked right . the frame was cheapy cheapo plastic , just junk . save your
too small for my face . plastic has chemical smell
this is a copy of another book by renee phillips titled broken cowboy . nene king should be ashamed of herself .
the book is of poor printing quality with minimal descriptions . not worth the money .
they burnt out as soon as they were turned on . were also two different colors the few seconds they worked .
a not so great movie for adults to watch , but teens would probably want to see it .
's film for sure . too much talking and not enough machines to keep my toddler interested . won't buy the others .
phone got wet which the phone can handle but the red color faded and stained the phone .
don't bother . toner comes off . if you try printing more than sheets , the last few become a giant smear .
the tap requires a unique volt power supply and connector . this power supply will not work with a tap
it does not work at all . when using it to charge , the charging icon on the phone goes nuts .
this sticker was my favorite design , but i could not make it fit the notebook it was ordered to cover .
nothing but promblems since i got it . sent it back to nikon but have the same promblem
very disappointing ! horrible service ! horrible cheap ugly case !
maybe a good game i don't know . can not get to work . and there is not return .
after just a few weeks outside , it started to develop mildew spots . this is not tough enough for outdoor use .
this was way to big for my sink and i have a one tub , huge sink . i sent it back .
not as much information as other books . skimmed through the book and gathered all the info in less than minutes .
many of the recipes require ingredients spices that are not something a typical family would use .
this is an unauthorized , illegal bootleg ! do not buy ! guilala would be ashamed to see such garbage on amazon !
they don't fit over an asics size shoe . asics run size small ergo , a large is anything but .
far behind times , capital one was soo much better to bad none in area
unfortunately the cases that i received weren't to much more than saran wrap on my screen . i would buy again .
bike was stolen after days of using this chain . don't buy it since it doesn't do what it advertises .
poor the surround sound speaker did not work , had to be returned . instructions are cumbersome
i still did not get the item yet . what is going on ? please let me know asap . thanks , yong
the cloth case ripped apart within hours ! this was a complete waste of my money and very poorly made .
wrong size for my system , being returned .
hung on the wall hung up pretty easy but it didn't stay up . i would not order this product again .
it was not what i expected . i am looking for a lip balm that goes on silky smooth , not waxy .
to small for a macbook model a ! it is a nice case but unusable .
the clasp broke immediately . fails to cool . fails to stay in a position far better off to freeze a towel
i have been takign this for almost month . i've been spotting for a month now . this has been the only change .
theses come and was not what i ordered they were alot shoter then i had ordered and the wrong colors
very cheap case . the clip part started ripping apart after months of use . i wont buy another one .
worthless do not buy . bad packaging ! for looks only , cannot wear out in the sun . the clear plastic reflects sun towards the eyes
simple and cute . predictable but enjoyable , had a couple of plot surprises . obviously written for the harlequin brand of books .
cheap plastic . lid leaks . not recommended .
the unit did not work properly
was really expensive and cracked quickly . do not buy . it is a waste of money . very very dissapointing product . waste .
i did not like it at all , why to silly to very confusing , it did not help me an any way
not worth the time .
not made well . tail was broken off .
dont do the job as expected , is more like a toy but would not give as a present to anyone .
nothing new , repetitive and poorly written .
i was hoping for more , but this was a disappointment and worse than terrible . it's boring . nothing new to see here .
not what i expected , was disappointed in the shoe ! not very comfortable !
not what i expected . just threw it out . don't want a replacement and sorry i bought it . waste of money .
. it didn't start where addams family values left off . . the only original characters were lurch and thing .
there is no undo or replay option . there are no different levels of play . amazon has no other solitaire games .
crap , dont waste your money . so disapointed . there's a reason for the bad comments . no no no no no no .
hasn't killed one mosquito , and i live in alaska . dont but this , it is crap
ok at best , has stories and back ground for some rare boats . could be better .
no matter what i do i can't get the damn thing to work . a complete waste of down load time .
warning decide where it will go before buying . make sure you will have a nearby outlet as the cord is short .
product includes unwanted emails and marketing phone calls , which are not listed as features .
i didn't care for it too much . i liked the stars in the movie , so that's why i watched it .
they tear easy , i found something that works better .
nope ! looks cute but fits horribly . sorry . i'd keep looking for something else . fits very small uncomfortable . goid luck
i cant belive i even purchased this it never showed up in my game . what a total waste of money !
black heart on inside insidious uglyawkward design is not at all attractive . cardstock is stiff cheap looking
boring trivial book by a boring trivial writer . i got it for research purposes only . even the porpoises hated it .
the only reason i finished this book was see if it might get better somewhere closer to the end . it didn't .
doesn't work with windows
the product lid does not close properly , so it is not portable . it's all plastic , not steel inside and overheats .
failed battery junk junk junk junk pieces cell battery works only for two hours dont buy this item
you can only see the top few posts , they need to improve this , the one for my phone is great !
it was advertised as cotton , has only cotton , i feel ripped off . and i am very disappointing .
not really sure they worked for me
it did not fit the phone holes for camera , buttons , etc . did not align . it is useless for a samsung stratosphere ii .
way too much latency to be usable as a practice tool . kind of quiet relative to other sounds as well .
too shortsoap leaks outhard to feel the cleansee my other reviews for the sassy bottle brush i do recommend .
you should be ashamed of calling yourself for selling this miserable worn out coin and fleecing the unsuspecting public ! you suck !
would not work !
the book really grabs your attention . it has really great detail . they really explain what's going on . a good book
i don't like it . it smells nasty i can't get rid of the stench ! this item is not worth shipping
littmann stethoscope very expensive . performance is the same as one i have only . i donot see any difference in performance .
i was looking for a game for adults that were also curte . this one is only for children .
dice lost it about years ago . he has not been funny since then . he needs a career change .
not even stretching it you get a feet cable that you can use for the gps
terrible movie . so sorry i wasted . terrible language . total waste of time . i turned it off after minutes .
i don't like because loos the signal in two foots some times work and same times don't work , look like toy .
none of it worked if it wasn't so cheep i would have sent it back
unfortunately , there are over pages missing from this book . therefore i am missing a large part of the story .
was really bad not worth watching . the acting was really bad . i wanted only to see eric estrada . his acting was really bad
please do not buy this . the head of the snake came off and got stuck in the drain . do not buy
just ok
unfortunately none have even started to come up and it has been weeks . maybe it was the wrong timevofvyear
this is a fun toy at the very beginning but then it loses its appeal very fast .
i am very disappointed . there is generally always static . i have trouble hearing people and they have trouble hearing me .
cheap product , broke before i could even screw it on all the way . the connector is made of cheap plastic .
over rated , cheaply made , and doesn't vibrate nearly enough to produce pleasure , batteries don't last long . don't waste your money .
bought two . one fits , the other won't fit in the tiny micro usb port . they're cheap , but not very good quality .
the cable only worked for a week . a cheap cable works better and is more reliable . not recommended
everything this is advertised to do hasn't really done anything for me . have taken as directed and a big nothing here
the cable doesn't work . it doesn't register on the hdmi side so signal is not sent to the component output .
the lightning connector broke off after days . very cheaply constructed . just spend the extra and buy from apple .
very disappointed in this book , rambling weird stories . never got the point of the book .
for the same reason i rated the sister book , it is a comic and not at all what i expected .
i gave this book two stars because of the way it ended . a better ending would have received five .
it is not super quiet . quite the contrary louder than other brands my coworkers use . disappointed ! i had hoped to appear more professional . not !
the worst game ever . it was too hard with no way out . i like strategy games but this seemed impossible .
didn't work for me . i was looking for something more practical , this focused way too much on abstract life objectives .
it says like new but instead the game completely broken , it doesn't save or the game start having some glitches .
there is a very high point on the arch of the sole that hurts my right foot . sending them back .
what a lazy movie . shame on clooney .
i don't like games that i have to buy extras for . the ho areas were fun but thats it . sorry
i didn't see much of a change . very temporary improvement in skin , maybe hours . will not purchase this product again
i got this laptop today , and there is no mobile remote in the box . why ?
the book would be ok for a total novice . there is not a lot of information for a seasoned gardener .
this bracelet has a very uncomfortable clasp , and it was broken after one hour wearing .
this phone doesn't function properly . i won't send picture messages . i really dislike this phone . i have of them .
the suction cup dosent stay very long .
great cover and title , yet did not impress me at all . i was expecting a lot more . waste of money .
frustrating . annoying . cruel . disappointing . total let down . sad . time waster . aggravating . unkind . unkindle like . absolute madness . foolish . inexcusable . inexplicable . sucker punch .
i hate it do not get this app ! they say it is free but it not . i can not do it !
it did not last for days ! this is a typical piece of chinese junk ! i hate it !
it is not the game . it is just a cheat guide . a waist of your time . do not get it !
both long and wide for the size . disappointed .
my grandson really enjoyed playing with the costume . he likes to dress up and he has really enjoyed this costume .
somehow i missed all the comments about the toxic smell . holy cats , it was awful ! ended up throwing it out .
it tasted good but i didn't notice any effects .
as my plants grew to close to the light the heat was outrageous and killed the plants
bought zinnia's and these at same time . cannot get these to grow , zinnia's are doing wonderful .
while the info about it made it seem like original toshiba equipment , it was very very cheap , off brand . very misleading
not happy ! i'm disappointed that i paid that amount for a scratched and used filter .
fails in less than a year of normal use in normal conditions . false advertising !
the product doesn't seem to work properly and it's refurbished , so i'm thinking of sending it back .
the blades flatten out with centrifugal force and no breeze . it's then just a squirt bottle good for nothing !
bent to hard and i ripped the insulation near the plug in . didn't seem genuine apple , broke way to easy .
the movie is long for what it is the plot is cookie cutter but the action sequences are done ok
kinda slow and not high pay outs , ok for passing time when bored with other gamesrather play other slots
it was a quick read , but in the end a flat story with not a single character who interested me .
fragrance does not last . hours tops .
the product delivered was not as described . they provided a pin product , where a two pin product is described .
i ordered this for a s phone . i got a mini cover . it hit the trash fast .
brakes easily keep losing the hanging things . i will not buy this type of covers anymore not worth it . bad !
too large
knock off garbage
these seem to be very good quality , sturdy enough for heavier people . a good size . very easy to use .
the stones came out the second day i received it , it was a good price but the quality wasn't good
movie was actually pretty silly . comedy or action neither . for sure hard core costner fans only . hope he made some money .
product old maybe ? did not have same results as buying direct from seacret
this broke as soon as i got it . it was huge and not resize able .
i was not please with the quality of the product , i will loved to had them in color . thank you .
the plastic clip broke in the very first weekthe discription on the web page should should read plastic clip
the case was just okay . it looked cheap when i got it and the sparkles came off all the time .
these lasted about months . now they blink and flash when on , like a russian rave party . find another brand .
its not good as expected , no skype or not much apps for video calls and etc . i wasted money
i received this item expecting a battery operated sensor candle as described . when i received the item , they were electric !
it gives inaccurate results due to the initial shift . my instructor asked to return it , because it doesnt collaborate well .
the blades broke the very first time i used them . in my opinion thay are very porely made .
although it seems to be working as described , it shows that the food is hotter inside than it actually is .
the worst movie i have ever seen ! that says a lot since i have seen a lot of movies ! terrible !
not enough . the cap is bigger than the bottle . wish i hadn't paid so much money . didn't understand the keychain .
did not work . erased my hard drive
i had this product like about a year , and it rust up , the sintetic leather crackt up . ,
don't know why i am reviewing something i never ordered or bought . this just doesn't make sense to me . sorry blah
worst ever product . poor design . not usable at all . clumsy to use . i am going to return it right away .
meh . poor translation . annoyingly repetitive . it might have been a good book originally , but the translation is off a bit .
apartment is very similar to paranormal , not original . no longer interested in ghost research stories and camera setups anymore
did not go over too well for the person i purchased it for .
stupid and made up right wing philosophy disguised as a thriller i finally gave up after reading half of the book .
the smallest size is too loose , even for a lady with rather large hands . i'm returning them . nice , light fabric .
it is not smooth , it just work when i press the button many time .
it is a ok stck not what was expecting . feels lighter that the weight i ordered , otherwise ok to use .
dont think that this item is the size of a regular zippo . this thing is huge . ! be careful when buying
magic pet hair remover , save your money and just get a sticky lint roller and replace the roll as needed .
it click every time i use it and it is hard to click . seem to not always work . it is slow
vague , simple , errors . does not contain facts . appeals to those seeking to get something for nothing . i would not recommend .
they send me another item , another memorie with othres specifications ! they send me another item , another memorie with othres specifications !
a high school graduate writes books with his absolutely brilliant elementary school kid . wait , did it really say he graduated ?
very slow .
this valve doesn't have on off system . its fixed , not a moving valve , there should be a flexible valve with rubber .
its the wrong part . for some reason , the part doesn't match , so installation is impossible . what else can i do ?
these are hard to read strips , not as accurate as a pool kit and more expensive . i don't recommend them .
not a complete color cartridge . missing magenta ? guess cant complain for the price , but definitely won't be using for photos .
this was not at all what i expected . it is see through and it looks as cheap as it is .
the ad said three protectors only got one . sent emails to complain never got response . great way to do business .
joseph masheck's review has no place in this book . get the new dover edition without the intro .
snapped the holster clip off first day i wore it . you get what you pay for . plastic was too weak .
terrible fit . awkward foot placement . style is too s .
i dont listen to music because i rather be quiet than play music . there is no reason more to list
fair !
does not work
very poor quality . very thin . not worth the money . if you treat as disposable , then fine . otherwise is a waste !
it was so boring was too short needed more which was a little longer and it would have made sense .
i thought it would be fun to read and elf book to my kid around xmas . not this particular book .
the v shape where the ring to connect the charm broke when i was putting it on my charm bracelet
very disappointed with this product , doesn't charge the device correctly . caused the device to go completely dead . didn't work as hoped .
bottles are soft , melted when boilingthe caps didn't fit well . plastic chips falls out when tighten up the caps . dont buy
author has attempted a witty satire in small bites , but i found it hard to swallow them without indigestion . burp !
worst ending ever i hated this book . i loved books though and i highly recommend reading those two books .
terrible ! it . was a black cover with a paper print on it . trash . not worth the waiting . very cheap ! horrible .
the ink leaked all over ! wild bill latvala
they are too small for a small kid and are falling apart . costs more to return than to throw away !
not the actual color of the hose . it is more of a dark green ish color and it looks terrible
not worth the time or money . games are ok but i lost interest almost immediately . deleted it from my kindle .
there is no use for this app at all . it is not even in english . please don't waste your time .
nothing you can't find on google . but man , there are some crappy looking tattoos out there though . think first people !
very disappointed with the false advertising of inches long . total lie and more like inches at best .
table of contents didn't work with my kindle paperwhite . that is why i deleted it and chose another bible . too much trouble .
this conditioner did nothing but weigh my hair down and make it dried out looking . no shine but lots of frizzies .
not so great . asian titles .
this item is cheaper than silpat but i was not happy with it . it gets sticky after one use .
customer service rood , it broke after the months of use and i only use this thing times
very cheaply made i was extremely disappointed
it smells terrible ! i read that others said the same , but its unbearable ! i wanted to like it but couldnt
it taste like puke , and it didn't help me any with weight lost . i would not never recommend this product ever
biblical quotes and elementary school writing did not meet my adult expectations for discussing boundaries .
i really don't like this game really boaringi do not want to . play thisheller you grasshopper let me out
my and year old were bored with this and the love trucks . my year old like it .
how come here i go again is not on this cd ?
terrible show
its been a month now and it is starting to switch off time to time for no reason
it's a waste of time and money , disorganized text and writers are clueless , must not buy
but still bad at drying because it is such a freezing process ! maybe that is why this product is non refundable .
hooked up the record player but we cant get any volume from the speakers when we play the record player .
the detachable camera mount does not snugly fit , and therefore there is wobble . it is practically junk . don't buy it .
this book was trash ! sandra brown's books just get worse and worse with each new book she puts out .
bad acting , dumb storyline , bad script , bad lip syncing . a bunch of privileged , pretty actresses pretending they're tough rockers . very unconvincing .
this beef jerky had little flavor . i order alot of jerky and this was one of the worst .
watt is what it is watt . maybe good for a hallway but not much else . maybe w would work ?
duplicate one . i'm returning back cause it looks so cheap n my smart phone . pl . don't buy . turn down with my purchase
to be really effective there needs to be three sets of magnets instead of only one where the halves meet
it was not that great a version a lot of it felt felt like they were rushing through the lines
not worth minutes of my life . more pathetic than funny . glad i didn't spend any money on this movie
lost interest , i will go back and read it but too many other things got in the way for now
when it arrived it was missing jem stones and used it maybe once . not that thrilled wilth this one
i am having problems to download it . if you can help me will be awesome . need help please , write me inbox .
didnt last minutes very cheap i know its not expensive but please at least last day . do not buy
was a good coffee i liked it very much then the distributer raised the price so i stopped buying it .
easy . boring . doesn't save your position in the game while multi tasking . useless if i can't go back to it .
too large
if you want to return for exchange then rather buy an new one . please look at policy return .
i was hoping for more than just a few drinks on this app . not worth the space on the kindle .
came broken
the title has nothing to do with the content . false advertising at it's finest , no photos depict the titles implication .
the screen print came off in chucks after the first wash .
kincaid's performance was quite disappointing out of tune , slipshod technique . the chaminade was incomplete .
the cling starts to come off after a dew days . otherwise it fit good and was easy to put on
doesn't even stay on my ear . the worst piece of junk i have ever bought .
my golden tore through it in under an hour , pricey and wouldn't purchase again . not long lasting as the descri
husband has been using this cologne for many years . the scent is not the same as it used to be .
i put this game on my kindle . after trying it a few times , i just don't enjoy playing this one .
when they say colors may vary , they actually mean that your princess cups may , in fact , be dump truck cups .
no wonder this game is such trash , it is one of the cheap knock off games ! should have known better .
hi friends , belt has no more than two weeks and already uses detachment in the union of the two parts ,
did not include usb port as indicated in specs .
this will be my last closed case series . the story was choppy and poorly written . i can't imagine purchasing another .
don't buy this junk . tarnished the first day i used it . color coming off . junk
over the top dysfunctional australian catholic housewives . not believable and a waste of time and a lot effort to finish .
game keeps locking up . when i restart the game it defaults to the beginning . the pc games works very well .
didn't turn on at all ! the price is too good to be true
i received the case in june and in mid july it stopped functioning ! something is wrong with this productdo not buy !
the product doesn't fit and isn't waist training efficient . i was not pleased with the fabric and sturdiness it served .
the bracelet of the watch arrives broken
this book was absolutely terrible there was incorrect grammar and spelling you should not waste your money on this book
received package in the mail . when it was opened it was bent and not in good condition .
the case wasn't even for the siii , be careful when you buy here because i didn't get what was advertised .
too vague . removed it from device .
seemed to work for a few days on our two boxers . however , it did not end up working .
ties kept falling off this item . no matter how i placed my ties on here they would not stay on .
too expensive for what they are . don't buy these . a waste of money . i will look for something better . these hardly light your way
would not hold up baggage doors , i put them in the garbage .
too big , too clunky for my one diner purposes .
i didn't love this iphone case . it has a cute design but the quality of the case is no bueno .
probably good , i just do not remember ordering this book . if i did , probably very worth well having on hand .
not much to gain or learn by reading this , was mostly stories . glad this was a free kindle reader book .
bought this product and it doesn't work well at all ! do not buy . it doesn't stick , constantly have to reapply .
awful writing style short , choppy sentences . characters not all that interesting . tried to end cute . sorry i bought it .
the phone did not fit the case at all . horrible case never buying again !
dan brown's previous books used to be more thrilling than this one . the story is too much far fetched and somewhat longish
not much of a plot . drags on with little to no climax .
this is an infomercial for a product he is trying to sell . i'd give it no stars if i could .
very poor filter , wouldn't recommend it to know one ! this filter does not work right at all . hate it a lot
story exciting , fast read , characters seem real .
the wall mounting feature did not work because certain pieces were constructed the wrong direction . we took it to goodwill .
disappointed in story . just seemed so ridiculous ! i thought the story line would have been better . i do not recommend this book .
no for woman !
first time we washed it , it shrank ! didn't expect this brand to be so cheaply made . would not buy again .
badly written , repetitive . lots of home made solutions but they are complicated and seem more expensive to make than to buy .
nonsense , no story just wanderd through the film and did not seem to be very cohesive in its story . bad
the holes in the white foam were cut way off center . not even close . no reason for such shoddy craftsmanship .
the case was not very durable and easily got dirty . i only left it on for a few days
this is the type if stuff that happens in real life beware of your so called friends and social media .
stale inside . wish they were better . not the best taste i've ever tasted . two stars is the best i give
stinks , does not dry sweat easily , would not take it if offered free . wasted money , they are not even warm !
ridiculous . what a bunch of hooey . i would give it no stars , or less , but the site wouldn't let me .
unrealistic teenage book , terrible writing
it was a bad buy and the price was great . it didn't make the curls . i wouldn't buy it again .
i used it and the next morning i saw more cockroaches that i ever seen . looks like wheat flour to them .
the thing was so bent up at the nose i couldn't wear it . get what you pay for .
this product do not work as described , video work for very low quality and sound do not work , do not
not original
lousy , did not fit my ipad , threw them in junk pile .
worked for a month , then died .
this game is free on the xbox marketplace . please save your money ! its free every body save your money
i wouldn't say it was awful but it wasn't good either
this was really nothing more than a piece of cheap junk . it broke getting it out of the packaging .
it is just like any other lotion at a higher price . it did nothing for me but moisturize my skin .
i own the first one of these games and the second one . this one is disjointed and it lacks excitement .
the item took a while to arrive and when it did arrive the lamp shade didn't sit right . it's all wonky .
the vains didnt work the putty never set . i will never buy them again . they are a waste of money .
sucks
these tablets are too big to swallow for me . they are much larger than a mg pill should be .
in the image and product description is clear the heart rate chest strap is included and actually is not included !
it was broke the first day the sticks came out that you stack on . kind of disappointing .
this was not what i needed . my fault , not theirs . i guess i didn't read the description well enough . sorry
too silly . accidentally ordered wrong version . and and and and and and and and and and and and and and
picture and item description do not match ! i'm not sure what knife you will receive if you order this .
was not as i expected . the sticks were too splintery . they do not look safe for kids to play with .
my son asked me to delete immediately . thank goodness it was free or i would be really angry . oh well .
i was lost . i couldn't even concentrate on the movie . it was ridiculous . i would not recommend it . n o
liked the quality , but ran small , sleeves too short and a little tight around chest and shoulders . would not buy
i didn't like this book . slow moving in the beginning . lost my interest . others may disagree , but i wasn't impressed .
crapy
these are very thin sheets ! not at all what i expected !
all i have to really say , is that i am very glad it was free with my prime membership ! z
have you looked at the price ? this cannot cost nearly k dollars . has someone compared that with the actual value ?
very cute , however very bad packing , and then was thrown in a bigger box with no packing materials . too bad .
the cord gets in the way when using headset . callers report that they hear static on the other end .
this ring was so much smaller than i thought it would be . i was very disappointed and sent it back .
handle got stuck the very first time that i used the largest piece of luggage . not very happy .
the scale is just too small . it would have been a five star if it was bigger with rubber wheels .
it's the wrong one it won't work
the big should be sued for not making a sufficient supply available before release
the volume knob is not working properly . other than that the pickups sound awesome the overall look is killer .
i just bought it in january and it's malfunctioned to the point where i have to replace it . very dissatisfied .
smells bad , way to expensive
spoiled product sent , exploded when we opened it .
this was one of the worst movies that i've ever seen ! ridiculous and improbable story line . dragged on snd on .
the flavor is alright , but a full day of sodium in one can . no more for me
the adapter does not stay inside the iphone causing constant interruption . i'm glad i paid less than for it !
very expensive for a travel size bottle . at least the title of this product should say that . won't recommend this .
i was sent the wrong color . didn't send back because it was so cheap and didn't want to be picky .
peculiar too much backward and forward not relevant . i wasn't impressed with the plot . i was very disappointed .
it froze up my phone and shut it down . sucked up my data usage somehow and . screwed up some apps !
too cumbersome to manipulate with the rocker cursor . don't bother . a fun puzzle potential but not on the traditional kindle
to tight in the toe box running shoes should fell comfortable form the start . these were not .
did not like the stiffness of the shoe . also they were to narrow feeling for me to wear everyday for walking .
i just could not get in to this story . it was just a so so read . not one i would read again
does not look great when received . appeared more vintage on the website . this clock is not appropriate for my d eacute cor .
warning if the writing on the insole of birkenstocks is black , they are not real birks .
the hologram of the nunchucks were coming blurred images can not be assessed . hologram not clear like the amazon picture
strong chemical smell . obviously from china . very small . not flexible at all . i will throw this away and try again .
doesnt work at all . nothing more to say about it . thanks for nothing . very upset about it too . thanks anyways .
product was ok but tends to run small . construction was adequate , but not much here to brag about .
the dolfin brand swimsuit sizing is not the same as the speedo swim suits i have worn in the past .
an ok movie , was she looking for a husband or just a party girl ? i expected more from sean young .
worthless minutes preview deceptive marketing . you make up more words ! akakaakakkkkkkk alalala alalala wowowor alala . wowwodr alaalrwowords
i ordered a peace sign ipod touch case but what i got was a light purple iphone case ! bad business !
this mouse never worked . plus i had to pay for postage from china . never again . those chinese make inferior products
gave my husband an allergic reaction
would not pass as a class b movie . difficult to understand who this would appeal to . watch immediately prior to bedtime .
i bought it for my months baby . warmth is good , but it smells bad . i cleaned it but the smell remained .
too bad it's not possible to award zero stars . read the titles . 'nuff said .
i put it in my flashlight , following the directions , and it did not work . i would not recommend this product .
the book told little of delores del rio and the book was a bit pricey for such a small book .
it lasted only a few hours of play . it broke in pieces and could not put it back in place .
its very cool and easy to use . however its not really kid proof . it ripped open within the first week .
was good for a few months . now dead . trash . will not be buying from boss again
after using it for so long you had to pay for the piece of junk and thats unfair to you !
doesn't work don't buy it ! doesn't work don't buy it ! doesn't work don't buy it ! not worth the money . bad !
everything else about them works fine . it's just the taste . if you've had these before and like them , buy away .
ordered on the th of march and just got it yesterday april th . will not purchase from again .
too small for a th grader only get this item if you are buying for a preschooler or kindergartener .
i thought it was compatable but it made my phone not wwork right . please help me ok . thank you .
it doesn't look so good . iam so disappointed
i thought this was a puzzle game . it's only a tutorial . very disappointed . please be more specific in your descriptions .
the book wasn't a smooth read . the book didn't keep my interest . i really did not finish reading it . sorry
the only really good song is quot thrills in the night quot . avoid this one .
this movie is not worth watching ! it seems as if the director threw this movie together in about one day !
could of been better it was just a boring comic disappointing in the ultimate spider man universe was a waste
did not work in any of the four dvd players we have , so i returned the movie for a refund .
i will never buy this stuff again tasted so bad i could even it eat a whole bowel dont buy
still trying to get it to work . i have tried all different connections and still unsuccessful . will be returning it soon .
will not wear them and won't return them because it's not worth paying the shipping for such a cheap product .
i used this for the first time today and it shed like crazy ! i was very disappointed . would not recommend .
doesn't really look like the colour pictured , is more of a pinky purple rather than bright violet purple that's pictured
this item was a piece of junk , not even a week after having it the clip broke off the holster .
after months i saw no results .
badly written , trite and not very helpful . i wouldn't recommend it . nine more words required right here , you got em
i wrote a haiku to express my disappointment with your product . ordered two as gifts . package open when received . paper is damaged .
one of the four wheel covers was broken when we took them put of the box . very cheaply made product .
nowadays , something really wrong with these refills . i had to replace the cartridge every two weeks . too bad . very disappointed .
sent all the way from china and my hole screen was all air bubbles !
order was canceled . that's okay , it was for the ex . if he wants it now , he can buy it himself .
this is packet of ! not . i don't now way they did something like that i west my money
in the end . it was clear emily and nate deserved each other . each flawed to the point of paralysis . poor trevor !
by far the worst ear buds i have ever heard and i have had many .
as noted by some other members , stops working completely after few days . right when you cannot return it . don't buy .
it doesn't charge the laptop and the laptop runs slow too . its ok to have this as an extra charger
it is a good one . but i had a really hard time with it . concentration camp cruelties were poignant and terrible .
the flipping clock doesnt' flip ? it only flip the first few days , even after change a new battery , it still won't flip !
clips did not fit at all i tried and tried but no success quess i will go to a professional
came with dark circular stains on the sheets in the package not sure how this happened , but it's pretty gross !
sized small
does not give best value for the money . poor design as well . i wish i did not buy this one .
i wish the duramax has wider wheel so that it is easier to handle in gravels .
it is harder to understand than printmaster . not up to what i expected . i have been displeased twice now .
couldn't get it to open on my surface
way to graphic .
this game did not match the description from website it had scratches all over and does not play fine
i don't get why this game will not download it is sooooo lagy and i don't like it . period
if you want theory then know this is what you are getting . for me it was over my head . yawn
it is not what is in the picture it is not even the same color , or model
this item comes with no hardware . it should at least come with mounting hdw for the shelf .
this book is too advanced for beginners and should be an intermediate to advanced book .
parts were interesting , but a lot of it was just too detailed and on the edge of boring .
i already know everything this app gives me . not a real good source of new information . i wouldn't recommend this app .
you can't stream personal movies on to the screen . when that's enabled i'll give it stars . till then no .
i thought it was not right doesnt match what the word would say about how jesus was and still is .
does not provide the cushioning i was hoping for and did not give me any relief to my back pain .
my cats wouldn't go near it because of the bad taste and smell . i unfortunately just got rid of it .
the book is a little confusing . it's very detailed . no one under age should read this book . good luck reading .
i couldn't believe mitch stayed away ! he supposedly loved his girlfriend so much . he was responsible for the pregnancy to .
weak swimsuit edition this year . very disappointing . overall good app , download took forever , and half the magazine is just adds .
i had bad diaherra
doesn't have nearly the information i hoped for , no maps . some info is old . doesn't seem to update . don't recommend
the product did not work for me . i was very disappinted with this . please let ooothers know this does not work .
it is ritten in russian not in english as advertised ! i would buy it in a minute in english !
i bought the gypsy king dvd but it would not play in england as they sent me the wrong region .
could not keep time . looks great , but was always a few minutes slow . eventually was off by hours , then days .
not pleased at all got sheets out of it . not filled at all . i don't wish to buy again
contains trace amounts of leadnoticed this as i was brushing my teeth with it for the first time . not happy
it came to me completely broken
i gave them a that's the low's number that they have , but they did not post my rating ? ?
i ordered the largest size and it still didnt fit my wife just laughed at me what was i thinking ?
did not work . charged it and bluetooth did not find the speaker . synced with all other devices . i don't understand
it could work . maybe
i don't like how it was just in a envelope . it rain that day . some of the strips were wet .
don't waste your money or time . got it in and it was cheaply made and broken . returned for a refund .
very strong ammonia smell , bad for the kids . there are better ones i bought than this .
did not fit as expected ports do not line up
the color was not as seen on the picture . the normal blue shade is a super dark purple pretty much . ? .
when will i know the positive affects . ? will it be weeks or months ? the best time to take the pills . ?
not very flavorful .
but the needle is to big to fit in the cartridge that i want to refill . to messy to use .
already broken . too good to be true . i would not buy this . unfortunately , we have to pay more for this .
i can't get any program on my computer to download up date you should make it easer to download
paid . for this album but its real price is . . look else ! this item is way over priced here .
not much development of a story . what is written is nice but it needs more depth , more interest creation .
not strong enough for where i live , have to continuously move antenna . need stronger antenna for pu in my area
total junk . adhesive doesnt hold on . had to add glue . what is the point of this sticky tape . waste of money
very slow charger . not as strong as the regular samsung charger . takes a few hours to fully charge the phone .
i do not like the color , it's very small and do not shine at all .
i wasn't aware that this shoe would have a metallic sheen to it . it just looked trashy , had to return it .
charges extremely slowly . you might wait days just to charge an ipod . i would pay more for something worthwhile .
this case is ridiculously cheap but it is serving it's purpose and seems to be holding up pretty well . for now
i do not like reading books that have cursing in them . there really is nothing else for me to say .
two blades dont stay even when using
is this pair of shoes a ? any feedback can be directed to hansomguy hotmail . com . thank you so much . joey
the top was dented , so it could not be put together right . would like to try to order it again .
love it !
the tweezer i received was look different from the picture , my tweezer bought at target work better then this .
hard to fill
downloaded with malware . thankfully my virus scanner blocked it before it infected my kindle !
thiw book loses it's story line in overly descriptive gory details . hard to finish . nothing interresting or sensical here . giveaway .
i didn't make t past chapter . very slow starter . i couldn't get into the story . couldn't keep my interest .
i had no connection to the story nor characters . i didn't like the writer's style . i will skip her books .
my kindle updated this app an now it does not work . please fix . this is very frustrating . fix it now .
i didn't care for this program at all . it looks like something made for children and i still can't type .
it is tough to solve at times and then you can't move on if you don't want to buy clues
it was totally different from what i saw online . i returned it , because it was too shiny for my comfort .
if you ever forget your username then don't expect this app to help . so uninstall . no way to retrieve it .
boooorrrringgggg ! an amateur quality video tape of one of the good doctor's lectures set in a classroom .
the boot was returned . the second pair of boots boot fits fine . the second style has just the right fit .
music plays and he just talks over it . can't believe i own this piece of junk .
no
poor sound , the rest is ok . i have better versions ! solti is good , furtwangler is even better ! martin
its crap does not work the batteries dont fit right either so basically dont buy this item try something else
it's not bad but not as you see in the picture the material is very artificial . i didn't like it !
i ordered the collar and volt batteries together . the problem the collar takes two volt batteries .
boring book . stopped reading after about pages . would not recommend to anyone . not my type of book to read .
when product removed from the box for the first time , the on off switch did not work , leaving the product inoperable .
this used to be a good service , but now they are charging for even the smallest amount of use . avoid .
connected it to my car adapter but the ipod still does not charge . now it just sits in a drawer .
could'nt figer out how to use , i know you use on face but which color do what , no instruction added
we have counting and love it , but this video just doesn't provide enough structure to build from .
it probably will never kink if you don't unroll it seems too light and already has the tell tale kink look
can't really say since your not allowed to speak the truth when u do ur comment gets removed from feedback
i bought these on error so i can't really elaborate . they are nice and seems sturdy and won't ruin easily .
the coins are not uncirculate as described ! a couple of them are actually in really bad conditions .
general mills makes two kinds of cheerios . cheerios for american children filled withpoison gmo . cheerios without poison for european children .
i have thick hair and the bristles did not stand up to the task .
this app is so lame . it didn't keep me abreast of the scores stats at all . just some human interest pieces
computer takes over game and bids
not as interesting as i thought it could have been . disappointed in the plot i expected a better movie than this
i made the purchase off ebay . many of the dvds do not work . please read other reviews for more information .
it is only , yen almost equal price of , as tagged price , why is it so so so expensive ?
it . is . a . trash , it wouldn't last we a day . it was broken after only a few minutes after i received it .
wire connecting the adaptor has pin where else the adaptor has only pin . have to return it back
it is too short . felt like i had read a chapter in a book and it never really got started
the book was really boribg didnt help ypu alonfg to find the answers . overall a waste of money
does not fit my machine and leaked . monumental waste of time . don't bother buying too fiddly to use . don't buy .
it doesn't help . i will try a different brand . save your money do your homework before you buy this brand .
you get what you pay for
it never came on . i purchase this and it didnt work wasted my . this i wouldnt reccomend to anyone . save your money
i hate the hats and i would like to return them but i don't no how to return the hats
very strange book .
nothing special . definitely overpriced .
the back lit was not working .
my cable has has begun to crumble after two and a half years . are there alternative cables one can buy ?
one side of the headphone was not loud at all and could not be heard very well . item was defective
would not play and noticed crack in disc . may be great if we had been able to view it . thanks
returned this when i discovered it would not even track my mortgage . sticking with my version of microsoft money .
i bought this app for my son . it stopped working after only playing it a few times . waste of money
not enough info . more advertisements than anything else . web links are easily found thru google search .
this product did absolutely nothing for me . now you'll have to excuse me , but i got to go take a leak .
only prints the test page over and over . returned it for a hp new cartridge that is a a
this yogurt tastes awful ! this is the worst yogurt i have ever tasted ! bleck ! don't buy this yogurt , it sucks !
way too small opening cell falls out of opening . not at all what i expected , very disappointed . wouldnt buy again
sillist thing i have ever seen , dont know how to start it i have no lil kids tuse it thanks
worked the first day and not at all after that . tried new batteries and it still didn't work . very cheap .
my dick gets more action than this game ever will . this one of the worst games ever made since et .
excellent product for about days recommend saving all the packaging if you hope to return it for service .
both stones were loose and when i wear them i hear them rattle . too big to even look somewhat realistic
exterimly low quality
it last week and broke ! i was thoroughly disappointed !
no se vio la pel iacute cula en dvd tuve que verla desde una laptop mala compra no recomiendo k la compren
the point that rest against the glass was not straight or smooth so the rotation leaves something to be desired
i got the hair backwards
i was disappointed that the story was not centered around the women who were forced to give their children up .
this shoe was too large for the size it was marked . i couldn't use it .
chapters into book . boring !
i opened the package and it tore as i opened it , complete waste of money for a poor quality product
works good enough for me .
the vanity fair gown was not what i had been use to buying . it was much thinner .
this product is very cheaply made and i am very disappointed . this bench cannot hold more than pounds .
waste of time and materials . the person on the other end can't hear me . too bad they don't allow zero stars .
not happy with my purchase . they have a weird squeak to th when i walk . planning to send them back .
this key is no good it did not work for my van but got it cut so cant return it
low amperage circuit , slow to charge , cheap cable . if the cost is cheap than you getting a cheap item .
i am only years old and i think nothing is interesting about this book . so don't read this book .
the best cd for meat loaf !
these are thick . they were not thin materiel like i was hoping . it is more like neoprene .
tried to be like mine craft but failed miserably . my year old son says it's the worst don't bother
quit working after awhile .
doa . not much more to say than that . how good is company if products are broken out of the box ?
ok for a yr
did not like it . it was not like their first two movies . was dull . i was really very disa ppointed with this movie .
i am using lap top . with compact disk provided , i can t install it .
if i could go back in time i would choose a different movie . cute , but slow and contrived .
too some than you think
i should have listened to everyone else . this sippie sucks . it leaks everywhere . such a waste of money . don't buy .
i thought this volumen was going yo be the last one ! when is it going to finish ? how msny more volumes ?
a lot of the plastic ones are stripped and there's not many that i will wear that are not broken
it was an ok book , a little bit too long .
the ipod classic did not work i want my money back please the ipod did not want to take music
much smaller than i wanted . did not appear to be the size indicated . returned the item and purchased another one
plastic rj connector is warped and needs to be wiggled in so it can fit and be used . bad idea .
didn't buy this book , and don't know any other way to get it off my list .
have to sign on via the web instead all the time to check my messages kinda defeats the point .
sorry i wasted time on this one . puzzled by the positive reviews . too many holes in a very weal plot
another fantastic lark craft book . a really serious look at polymer clay as an art form . great .
very bad and cheap .
the game didn't work and i could not play it . would you help me get the game to work please .
see review on the blue ones .
not as fluffy or full as i expected by picture . the picture shows a very full comforter and it wasn't !
would have been perfect had the book i purchased not had price tags and bar code stickers stuck to it .
i wasted my money . better off buying songs separately on the web . cheaper !
i kept waiting to learn more interesting things about her movie life and foung her childhood less than interesting . sorry
they sent the wrong calculator , then ignored my e mail when i notified them of their error .
the boots look cheap , so i will be sending mine back . they look so cute online , so it's very dissappointing !
products is flimsy and door and plate rattles when running . no light comes on when microwave door opens after usage .
the item is what it is , but a little heavy warm in hot weather
don't listen because each time i play it you charge me for it and will not give me a credit
i was disappointed about the contenance of this magazine . did not find anything new or exiting . no practical information found .
did not fit mt dodge ram . i had to give it away to a friend with a mid size car .
mask causes my face to itch but i do have sensitive skin . quality is poor but doable for the price .
this shoes is not comfortable at all , even that they look really nice . won t be buying anything similar any soon !
works only for weeks , after that the iphone says its not a suitable accesory and only works some times .
very narrow ! not at all like my last pair ! very disappointing .
you don't feel much resistance while running i wish the parachute was much bigger the the resistance would be better
title says it all , it arrives poorly packaged and with three large dents in it .
the fir was just overall weird . the fabric was very stiff and did not have any give . would not recommend .
this product worked for two days and then would not charge . i changed battery and it still would not work .
it was in many pieces . broke more i touched it . didn't like it will not buy again . worst topper ever .
my wife thought they were made for a very young child . and she would never wear them . so i returned them .
not like the pic ! band is very thin . looks extremely cheap ! don't think of purchasing . thinking of sending mine back .
the toe curls up , like an elf's shoe , and the style makes a foot look longer . prefer clarks' unstructured style .
the package of the gloves came covered with dust , and the gloves feel cheap and like a piece of junk .
waste of money ! only lasted a few months .
ithought this was going to be a good movie wrong
it is so sticky the roller ball won't work well . the adhesive stays wet and makes it a sticky mess .
bought the wrong type of opener so this doesn't work for me . make sure you don't do the same . one
you have to by more ice cream holders to be able to leap play witch is stupid i hate it
these worked for what i needed them for a super mario birthday party but was a very cheap quality item .
bad hopper came completely cracked . dont buy this awful hopper ! buy a proto primo for more dollars ! ! !
the harness fits nicely and my little misty rose looks adorable wearing it !
poor rating is for poor quality of this video . i love the dead end kids but this is sadly unwatchable
hello , the topic was interesting but the movie lacked any depth . others may enjoy , i did not . thank you very much
could never get it to work with windows vista and could not find drivers on motorola website
i really don't like it . to slow to read . the characters a too lame . i really waste of time reading .
would never recommend this product . smells of chemical that can't be removed . money , credit cards , etc . smelled of chemicals . outwardly looked nice
simply it does not work . it is not important what it does . it does not serve . do not throw his money .
this shirt shrunk to about it's original length after washing in cold water . will not purchase again .
i am not sure yet as to how this makes me feel . what is the meaning of this story ? eh
the charger doesnt even work for my ipad . i really needed it to take it with me on my trip
not a real cronograph was really dissapionted with it bad quality dont buy get a sekio anything besides this watch
there wasn't the size that i wanted . i really needed a adult small . i was very unhappy with the service
it's cheap and uses up time , 'nuff said .
was not happy this purple is really dark and not bright . don't let the picture fool you . waste of money
the price was good but every pen in the package fell apart . they were not put together prperly
broke within a day
i could not get into this game . was a major disappointment . would not recommend it to others . too slow and mundane for me .
i haven't received it yet and it has been a month so obviously i'm not happy !
is too big and very very very heavydon't like it that muchthe marble is heavybut is pretty
unfortunately although the concept is good , the product did not fit either of my suv mirrors . had to return it .
very light reading . plot development so thin you don't know much or care about the characters . motives not delved into .
complete yawn fest . thought it would be a little more interesting for an inspirational story . waste of my time . yawn
split into thirds the variety was equal parts good , bad and horrible . maple , hazelnut and decaf wasting the most space .
cheaply made . broke very fast . looks like crap . i would rather rap it in newspaper . threw mine away it stink .
i did not care for this book , i found it boring and not well written .
unnecessary repetition of events ! i did not like so much explicit sex . i did like the mystery throughout the drama .
it's always embarrassing to read the thoughts of old adolescents .
i've been searching for a replacement charger but having a hard time ! i couldn't used it , it didnt fit .
this mat had a foul order and did not have the type of grip as described on their website . returned .
it was okay it just gave me mainly nos or how do i know ask again i wouldn't buy it !
the game just doesn't seem to progress . need more levels with different activities . this you do the same thing , not fun
it came too big . i purchased m size . it looks like xl . please check sizes . quality of fabric ok . r vilchez
do not order this . they sent me a day to nite barbie instead of a courtney .
this is a puzzle so don't get this . it's a success app . never get this appthis is a big scam .
it's more pretty than helpful . this was one of the first books purchased on my ipad . i've since deleted it .
i can not use the charging port while it is in the case . it is cute , but it is unhandy .
i was expecting something different when i purchased it . i will be returning it when i get a chance to .
this product did not help at all . i wanted to try it after all the tbv hype but am disappointed .
the clock has different colors , but very cheap product very small product no will not recommend this to anybody
ordered this product because of the great reviews . these sleeves run extremely small ! if you have big arms stay away !
make everywhere are white dust , and i need to clean one week , probably i will never use it again .
the construction and quality of this hammer leaves a lot to be desired . the magnet does not work at all !
only good song on album , that is lockup , the rest suck . its gets out of .
i have never recevied the product , so couldnt test the item . but beware of this seller .
it took three days to down load on wifi not even sure my daughter has been able to play it .
my son used this app to free navigate youtube , this app cheat the parenting control and free time , very dangerous
dull blades and it simply doesn't workat cutting hair at all . i would not recommendor buy again myself
not as advertised . this does not work with the , cut outs nothing near being close to fitting a .
doesnt look the same as pictured , delivery was ok but will not use bacause colors dont match what is pictured
although it is meant to work for my iphone , it couldn't even hold it up . the unit kept flipping over .
a dumb book and waaaaay out of date . somebody needs to write some new books .
the gum had a sell by date of . it made me ill and i threw it away . don't buy it !
mine only lasted about one year . i would definitely spend the extra money and get an original hp adapter .
noe of the questions you would want to ask bourdain are asked here . a lazy interview .
i would never recommend this item because i didnt get more then clip and it claims set of
did not do the job i bought them for which was to help my digestion .
one of the laces didn't work even after i tryed new batteries . they also took a long time to come
don't buy this . my water was gray and had a bad flavorspend the extra money and get the name brand
this didn't work and i tried to return it . it's a piece of crap on all levels . i hate it
hope i can get my money back . very low quality !
if love minecraft but not this game all of it is dumb . this game is not worth . let alone . !
i read the review on the singer and it had sings but when i downloaded i only got .
the product was damaged when i received . not happy with the product at all . i don't mind returning the product .
my daughter loves playing the fruit one , but is instantly frustrated with the popcorn ninja game . the game is ok
worst clock radio i ever owned . bad insructions , configurations , and operating guide . hard to read button settings . not worth the price .
not the right cable , and the twats won't replace it . bad idea .
why is the name sucks in here ? the license plate needs to be returned it has no install brackets to
this was very complicated . i never did fugure out how to get everybody to move just had to delete it .
the pitcher was plastic and not dishwasher safe . never used it . returned it . do not recommend this blender at all
these poly blend knee high socks are not my favorite sock purchase . too long and thin with very minimal support .
broke already i need to find some glue other than that cool but didnt make it a month try harder
all information is readily available for free anywhere else . google it and you get more information . i bought it don't you !
i was mailed ketchup , mustard , and mayo holders not these .
not what i expected
ordered for my husband they were a ladies medium not mens sizing . returned them , they didn't even fit me
cover area seems to small to be safe in the woods ! safety is in the woods hunting and working !
it's ok but every time you get on it says no internet connection i have never played because of that
no i feel i was mislead and ripped off . i spent dollars on a fake belt . ridiculous
the holes are to large for most normal earrings . won't hold anything on my ears . i would not recommend these
leaves white residue on lips . didn't like it , can't recommend it
jodie foster was just awful . she is usually pretty good . basically just the bourne movies , just set in the future .
this case is for the mini not the regular s .
very difficult to program . unit required call backs to adjust and reprogram . customer told me not to come back .
i thought it would reset my computer password but it didn't what is it even for anyway to scam people ?
this is a very dated book .
poor product , while the sleeping bag is very light and portable , the zipper broke the first time we used it .
these were much too big , especially around the ankle and heel . i had to return them and find something else .
shallow . message is obvious in first pages . kept hoping for more . it never happened . just lots of nothing
does not include hdmi or up converting video output . only componet video out is supported .
not good i take off i dont take licent police i dont like this app i dont loud by mistake
it needs tnt and more time . also it needs red ore blocks and creepers . however , i understand it is a demo !
get this game only if you have a light gun and a power pad . other wise skip it .
sorry i downloaded this i forgot that it was not paulette carlson . ok song but the replacement of paulette carlson .
this item is extremely slow , does not finish burns and stops often . it is not what i expected . im disappointed .
the armband ripped after a month of use . i would not recommend this product .
save your face and don't buy this ! this thing does not cut hair , it rips it out . very painful shave .
i got samsung galaxy note stylus pen white last week . it does not work . i just waste my money time .
will not hold charge . very poor excuse for a product . lost faith in ryobi products . will not buy any mote ryobi products .
size is very small , not mentioned size and i was expecting to fit any size . otherwise the good material and quality .
this product flicker a lot and annoys a lot ! not comfortable when reading at night .
it simply did not do what they said it would do . i was very disappointed .
it says pages and it is like maximum for printet version . don't waste your money for this ! cheers
unbelievably trite , poorly written and poorly edited . it started out great , but quickly disintegrated into inane dialogue from cartoonish characters .
my kid lost interest with this game almost immediately . not like the other petz games at all .
i was disappointed to discover that it will not charge the anker mah extended battery for the galaxy s .
poor quality . spend a little more and get better quality .
case broke away from clip the second day i wore it .
like this book it had lots of facts for kids theywill learn a lot from this of the solor system
photos are well done , nice coffee table book , the book naritive is lacking , sorry i bought it . i gave it away .
very elementary . not real info in this book for car enthusiasts . most are repeated content from the show top gear .
i starting receiving advertising junk mail shortly after ordering this . i don't recall ever signing up for that at purchase .
it wasn't what i though and it feel horrible to touch . i would not recommend it to anyone it fails .
the blacklight was very weak and highlighted very little in the dark . nice and compact but probably not worth it .
i have had two of these , and neither one lasted a month . cheaply made clip comes apart with minimal usage .
the product has been ineffective . i wasted my money againand i will not buy again these kind of products
this product isn't worth the shipping let alone the purchase price .
vendor accuses me of lying about never receiveing product . according to them the customer's always wrong !
i love this show , but the dvd box set is definitely not worth it . they should just release all series instead !
does not fit colt socom .
very small amount of sounds . you could easily find other apps that provide even more sound options than this app .
did not enjoy this at all would not recommend for preteens or teens unless they are crazy about japanese anami .
too many characters to keep up with
absolutely horrible movie . turned off after minutes . don't waste your time on this one . lousy acting , lousy all around !
this edition , disc collector's edition , , has a great picture , but they really screwed up the soundtrack . too bad !
i have been wearing them for over two weeks and the knee and back pain is sttil there . wasted money .
was advertised as includes chess pieces . i never received them ! unless of course i misunderstood the sales jarjon . buyer beware . good price though
light not bright enough , batteries die to quickly , earpiece came broken ! i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone right now !
did not like the unreliable quality . went to work setting up to workthen after a week it quit . just dead . not happy .
i couldnt get phone off case when phone rung to answer . and screen protctor made bubbles on the screen display .
i needed a inch screen protector . this item is inches and will not work . it is too small .
needs visuals . holidayentertaining is all about how it looks . a title doesn't grab my attention , a picture does . needs pictures !
it spliting again in the same spot i need another one what must i do to get another one
just received for xmas . can't use on model . it serves no purpose for me ! description should be more decisive .
it was listed as welcome all of our guests bring happiness it arrived as all our guest . sloppy gramatical error .
way to small i ordered a xxl it was actually like a large or med . disappointingbe careful when ordering
the fan does not work at all , didn't even try the spray bottle because i'm so disappointed .
i paid to see this at the theater isn't that enough ? !
the color was similar to the one seen on site . i just wish the quality was a little better
stopped working after a few months casual use , would not recommend to anyone . web support very bad for this product
every since we got the tablet the screen constantly goes in and out . i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone
awful
annoying . it took forever to download my purchases and now its keeps crashing whenever i try to open my mags
i expected a nice pseudo wood box , but it is just a cheap and crappy looking cardboard box . very disappointing .
broken in transit to me . i was immediately refunded . so that's good
. these redone fones arnt done well . they have a background screech , and not worth the cheaper price . buy new and be happy .
i had a terrible experience ordering from this company . customer service treated me like a criminal .
just some stickers off a roll . not very well made , and the graphics are kinnda blurry . not very pleased . avoid
didnt fit my doorbut seems like it might workgonna give it to my neighborwould be nice in black or silver
drumstick broke after first few uses . it split in half . now wrapped in electrical tape . was not the quality i expected .
the book was listed in great condition but cover was covered in food and pages have stains all over them .
i received the watch and it doesn't work and don't know what to do with it . can i have any help ?
awfulaweful
rough book , characters and plot half written . there are much better books to read .
boring is boosting can't believe i read the whole book . do not think there was any redeeming quality at all .
i did not order or view this and would not . it is a terrible series for children . end of story .
the plot was too confusing and hard to follow . locations and times would change in the middle of a page .
why pay for medium gloves when you can purchase other brands cheaper , i puchased a year ago for .
because i never did find out who caused the murder and how it was completely solved . the murder and the reason
stupid
worked for about months then it died . didn't even use it that much . mostly after work on the weekends .
this book teaches colors and a little about street safety . it has cute illustrations and why the story is important .
this is god awful . do not waste your . . if i were her family i would demand to have this removed
damaged after three months of use , the keys are of poor quality , stopped working . very bad warranty . dont buy it
it is a pretence , just a gimmick . i used it for weeks and my expectations seemed to be unrealistic .
no , no , no !
e to e reducing adapter came un soldered . also adapter is shallow and doesn't align well with bulb . avoid this product .
very bitter .
don't let the title fool you . this 'illustrated' reprint doesn't have a single illustration ! totally worthless as a reference book .
quality stinks does not run true to size . looks worn ran very wide leather is pleather not real . very disappointed .
messy and very light . doesnt work as expected .
a bit on the cheap looking side with visible seams on most ornaments from the mold . but they are good overall .
i boght this and fell apart with in a week and to top it off they wont replace it . sucks
this book is only good if you are interested in breeding the akita not as a pet .
this mother board was dead on arrival . i replaced it with a mother board by gigabyte . read reviews before ordering .
not one size fits all . it has no stretch and went into hole when my son tried to stretch it .
purchased because it has the correct measurements and was cheapest in it's respective products . would never purchase this brand again .
it . is an ok game . just a little boring for me . after minutes of playing i deleted the game .
microphone doesn't work on fire hd happy it was only cents otherwise i would have asked for a refund
this is simply a race by race narrative of the races not much here for the true racing fan .
it's worth less it only worked for like days then it got massed up
very heavy and slow navigation . i prefer the ipad by far . i was quite disappointed so i sent it back .
sound suck . easy too break . made real weak . but . what more could you ask for . will keep them just for the look .
its works and sometimes it doesn't , which is annoying it should work everytime . i was cheap though ! buy a better product .
to short next time ghosts should be in graphics but still way too shortcould have done a better job
it looks really good but the size is too small .
too long ago i can't remember the story
prager spends too much time pandering to right wing christian evangelicals . his version judaism is soured .
i had purchased them in the past , but this time i bought and one of them had no ink !
the product that i received didn't look no were near similar to this product
the date column is too narrow to enter the full date month , day , and year . it's only mm across .
it destroyed my new iphone the first time i tried going under water with it . doesn't even deserve a star .
doesn't work with very many tv's . pass on this one . poor customer service .
item did not perform as advertized
the longans were over ripe , old and already fermenting , not good , i will never order from them again !
nasty
this thing only worked for about a week and a half . so i trashed it . be aware of this product .
i ordered this for a friend . this person followed all instructions with poor results . i would not recommend this item .
just plain boring . i stuck it out though . always feel san obligation to finish , in most cases anyway . obviously not memorable
it is not a maxx razr , it is a xt phone . very bad ad , very ambiguous and confusing . super bad .
do not buy this ink cartridge ! ink cartridges worked for pages then stopped ! bought kodak ink and worked perfectly .
cannot use for any digital goods , movies or tv shows and cannot transfer to uk account . complete waste of money .
clasp too flimsy . dog lost after less than month . never found . not worth the cost of the charm .
did not stick without the bubbles , kept trying til eventually it wasnt worth trying to use it . waste of money
i'm truly surprised this is still on the market . singers , avoid this one like the plague .
it's not crystal , not even from the glass is only transparent plastic and not high quality does not advise buying
it looks like a cute portable vac , but the battery life is terrible short , i don't recoomment to buy it .
it's been about a week and nothing has sprouted through the ground , yet . seeds arrived on time . hoping for kitty fun time .
this is a truly horrible rendition of a wonderful movie . it's like watching it with cateracts and hearing aids .
do not buy this . you will be throwing your money away . plug in will break in just a couple months .
huge fan of don cheadle , but even he couldn't make this movie less of a snore fest .
pillow is not for sleeping to hard ! i woke up with a stiff neck , im just keeping for decorations
it was just a poster not a framed canvas like i thought it was . definitely not worth the money spent
no worked
hard to incert with out alot of lub . not rigged at all , picture is deciving , it smaller than it looks .
didn't work at all .
awful , awful part , and the black and decker grass hog is an awful piece of equipment .
a good joke gift for people who got some laughs out of the movie .
i can battle bosses any more because it does show them and it always take a long time to load
they look okay but not as soft as i was hoping for . almost scared that they could scratch my table .
yes it is working thanks a lot for this . this is a life style not just a fad thing
wasn't satisfied .
not sure if this is better than reg mg tablets . the time release doesnt seem to be working for me .
i do not like this game at all it is very hard and complacated to play sorry i bought it
bulk , formless , very ugly . i have a beautiful one from pottery barn that is much better . don't waste your money .
jason defines yellow journalism . it's a shame that sensationalism trumps substance these days .
this app locked up the first two times i tried to use it . i will be uninstalling it . very disappointing .
just had to balance out all the blindingly devoted conservatives who are brainwashed by rush oxycontin limbaugh . sarah palin who ?
very thin , light on details , and i had already gathered most of this information with a little web surfing .
not worth the money . not long enough .
i personally didn't buy that it was actually reading my finger and it said i was nice every single time
very bad quality , after two weeks of use is now not working
very hard to type on , not all the words or numbers go thru , lots of extra typing too bad
i orderd a large . man alive i couldnt get it on ! i normally wear a large . way too small !
i have to rate it very poor . it works for about ten minutes then it quits working it gets hot
it was slow to begin . the characters weren't very well developed . it was an easy read . it was clean reading
item fell apart with first use . not worth house space . did not try in time so could only pitch it !
. i can only wonder when this calendar will be back in stock at a reasonable price so i purchase one .
it doesn't work on my nexus . it crashes as soon as i try to get past the welcome screen
i'd rather play scrabble or wwf against a bot than a live opponent running a cheat program . eighteen nineteen twenty
very disappointed in the book , nothing worth reading so i erased it from my kindle . wouldn't recommend it to anyone .
in a boat your positive and negative cables are the same length ! how do they not know this . silly people .
i'm not sure if it was the writing or the story line but i just couldn't get into this book .
never turned on , even after charging for hours .
wobbled and bottom fell off after a few uses .
at harbor freight tools for the exact same thing . just bought this item in the spring . save your money .
no music is the best way to go . i prefer not to listen to music because it helps me concentrate
its not even the same color as the real stuff i had and it doesn't work . do not buy this !
hard to read . numbers etc . , need to be bolder or larger . very hard to read past feet .
no english sub titles ! i love saiyuki and piad a lot of money for this and can , t enjoy it
watched the first minutes and it was boring to me so i didn't watch the rest of the movie .
not happy with fabric , too short , doesn't seem to hold up well . outer material very thin , seems cheap and hangs wrong
i felt this book had a false image of true indian life . it gave only negative images .
junk it broke off the first time i tried to adjust it .
the sizes are way off of other new balance shoes . really stiff too . i am going back to my mx v
i chose this rating because i could not finish this book . i just could not get involved in this book
worthless !
resolution is poor . we have just decided to use the tablet with skype , as the image quality is much better .
stars for doris roberts . this movie was truly horrible . a great commercial for pot smoking though .
don't buy this ever . my yr old won't even use this and thats saying a lot . worst buy ever .
poor quality it broke already . and i only had it for a week .
its flush with the screen , so it won't protect it . pretty dissatisfied . i wouldn't recommend this . it pointless to use .
looks well made , but it had a low frequency hum that i could not get rid of . i returned it .
it was a very weird plot . then , once it started to get suspenseful and became worth reading , it was over .
if you do anything with moisture the full tray light comes on and won't seal it properly . not that great .
the camo peeled off after a week of it being on the phone . didn't have it on hardly a week .
same story as , different characters . won't need to read any more books by m . c beaton . reading new authors hereafter .
vanessa hudgens . santa baby . no , that would have been a holiday record for the ages !
recieved cracked and used . found some tea leafs in filter . cheap quality . wouldn't buy this brand again ! easy return process .
the tape is a very poor recording . my son lost interest because it was continually interrupted by static .
broke one week after putting it on phone . it was just not very durable . i would suggest buying better quality .
never had a chance to use it , because it came in broken too bad , was excited to use it at first .
soft and thick but leaves flakes allover whenever it comes into contact with something moist or wet . e . g . wet hands .
electronic spark quit working after weeks . even though it is refillable , it wound up as a throw away lighter .
this app is missing many common birds , such as numerous species of ducks . i removed it from my phone . thanks
only lasted a few weeks and then blew smoke . now i wonder if i can get anything done with it .
really would of been nice to make note that this doesn't have any units for measurement on the syringe itself .
super cheap quality . i returned this product the minute i opened it . was not what i was expecting at all .
very conceiving made it look like it was full d and it was flat d . not very happy at all !
john goodman's character spoke too much cursing , way overboard ! danzel washington . great as usual .
i opened this today and it seems that i received a bad bottle . it smells like feces not fresh citrus !
fell apart within a week of having it just in my pocket i would not buy again or recommend it .
i haven't had it a week and it's already broken . the case will not stay on like its suppose to
glad i didn't pay a lot of money ! hope there's not a part two if so it should be free .
came ripped
makes beautiful pictures , but eats up the ink ! i would not recommend this printer to anyone who is cost conscious !
ordered two different pairs both pairs came ripped . will never try another pair again if they are constructed . so poorly .
does not work !
no adhesive on upper right corner ruined the look of protector . liked the responsiveness and fit with my clear care .
sides split from turning the cover back to fold it up . it is not worth the money so buyer beware .
charger won't stay on my phone already wore out , prongs slip right out of the charger , was suppose to be brand new
this iron leaks like crazy while steaming . i've used it less than two total hours and hate it !
this product burnt the roof of my mouth . and didn't whiten my teeth .
no matter what i try temple run wont download . its annoying and ive been at it for thirty minuets now . bad game !
horrible cables , has ghosting issues and theres a inch black bar going down the middle of my screen .
so bumped my whole case is broken noodles and every time we have tried eating it have had tummy aches .
too much arch . caused pain in feet .
the blade is dull so it is actually making my clothes worse .
never worked . came with no instructions
the film is , at best , a terrible waste of emily watson's talents .
husband doesn't care for the smell .
it doesn'tfully work you can hear them but they can't hear me so that's the only thing i'm saying
this is like wearing a table cloth . it doesn't look nearly as nice as the picture
if you are looking for real ralph lauren items i would stay away from these u . s polo sites and items .
no matter what i did . i could not get these to work and they fit my mouth awkwardly . oh well .
this version is boring . but it was all that i could get on the kindle . not really all that great .
i think this is an edited version of the one i was looking for . too bad i can't return it .
this bluetooth will not stay in your ear . it slips all the time . i am not happy with this product !
i think a perforated edge would have made the difference in the ability to remove the leaf from the book .
the band broke on day two . , the glue isn't strong . leather is plastic looking . sorry i bought this product . don't waste you're money .
i'm very disappointed in this item . i bought not but of these and neither one of them grew
none of the corners line up correctly and it does not fit well . you get what you pay for garbage !
dumb only a partial book is not worth the money . i was very disappointed with this bookwould like a refund
i like it but not good quality
i don't care for any of the angry bird apps or games . waste of time playing no fun at all
very boring . i wasted my value time viewing this crappy movie . i would not tell my worst enemy to watch this crap .
these are the hard plastic style covers that scratch easily and tend to peal off around the edges .
game is too old . i was going to have to jump through hoops to make it work . i gave up .
too many inserted punctuation marks that don't belong . hard to read with those randomly in the middle of a word .
it didn't work , bad quality . save your money , i won't say more .
we're still trying to expose the little one's to this but they aren't picking it off the shelf themselves .
cheap plastic and comes apart quickly .
poor sound quality
does ok . seems to have poor conections internally .
worked for about week then stopped . like the convenience and great idea but not a well thought out product !
very cheap ! key broke ! thank god didn't use it ! save your money not a good product ! not happy at all !
ebookit was alright but not great . it was just a so so read it didn't have a must read plot
it won't open on kindle fire is keeps saying it stopped working . tried several times with no success so uninstalling .
not nearly as useful as the apple version of the app . not worth downloading if you're looking for online mapping .
hosiery were a matte weave . therefore , there were not appropriate for dress occasions which was my reason for ordering .
stupid game and game trying to steal my data . what's the point ? i hated the first minutes . it got worse .
no support lumpy an almost compressed within weeks
made of plastic parts . lets face it , you will juicing and cleaning all day long to get your daily requirements !
it's going to take over a month for this to get to me ? ! don't even waste your time buying this .
it was not oversized . it could have been taller .
it sounds good to me but the people i talk to tell me i sound like i'm talking under water .
i choose this rating because it is a very good book and i think that kids will love it alot
pretty sign , but didn't last . first strong wind tore the crap out of it and it was completely useless . blah .
first time worn bottom of shoes broke down extremely fast . not pleased with this product . we would not purchase again .
don't even have it and it this has to be the dumbest concept in the entire world . god . just weird .
shaped poorly , the hat gets completely ruined in the mail
i was expecting a little more than was delivered . it was basic and pretty un interesting and not informative at all . bummer !
this size is to large is a size i need other shoes with size so thank you
net gear much better product
no vibe it will make you laugh and some might like it because it is soooo soft ya ya ya
plug perpetually falls out and also the ability to charge lasted for about three days only .
not my kind of book , i did not finish .
first you need to regester and do all that confusing stuff just to look at two camras i uninstalled it
des . says sprint gs its not do not buy if u have sprint gs . prob any other carriers but sprint .
disappointing reproduction of soundtrack from an lp and not from a new digital master
i honestly would rather look at github or the python website any day . so very boring . can't read any more .
no tiene indice ni forma de localizar pasajes o versiculos . no es nada practica , no la recomiendo , no es util
complete crap doesn't look like picture very cheaply made !
slow drawn out for way to long . her heroine was not very likeable , would not recommend . true chemistry was lacking
no good ! what a piece of junk it dose not work at all , thank you very much . that's i have to say
cheap , already broke
the directions are very poor and don't explain anything ! i am very dis appointed and will be sending it all back
needs some work on formatting , spelling , sentence structure , and pov issues . it's also missing words . like the book cover though .
very flimsy . broke the first time i dropped my phone .
the mouse worked good for a week then all of the sudden stopped working and now is a paper weight .
it might be a good app , but i will never know with the ad in the way of the questions .
bought two boxes but can't see that the pills kept the bugs away
this was suppose to work on the gm ac compressors but it didn't because it was not the metric thread .
it was so bad and the metiral was bad blasteki am not recomand it pay more to get good
very inconsistent with the way they make their claims . would not recommend due to this . needs to be more transparent .
western digital you have made a very bad product . in the matter of months it was corrupted
i could not make it past pgs . i liked his other books , but this one is not good .
absolutely no directions came with this plant . pretty plant , once i figured it out . very little water needed to maintain .
i thought the case was better . i like the color but the case wasn't how i expected it to be .
i bought this case last month and the clip that holds the phone to the clip broke all ready !
the band unraveled and broke within a week .
it wasnt working after days of the purchase i m so dissapointedyou should review your items before sell it
the item was listed as in good condition , but fair would be more accurate .
a little too short to be called a book . some recipes are ok , however they are few and far between .
awful . cd fails to play all but tunes . not the new orleans i know stinks
you get what pay for . pros inexpensive , better than nothingcons fits loosely and is flimsy
this was the most stupid dictionary of all timei hated it more than changing diapers it was stupid kill me
cheaply made
only one of the two cartridges worked . it would have cost more to return it than just throw it away .
i could not install this item without injuring the wall . i gave up and everted to a traditional door stop .
none of these show up well on light paper or folders . suggest their use is for other than office .
this item didnt last a month . it wouldnt fit ok . i just had back luck since it look great online .
this case didn't even fit my ipad . it was way to big . not satisfied at all !
the product is huge and very bulky . you can't just turn it over easily nor clean it well .
because it took like weeks to get here and i even forgot that i ordered the case ! !
the only reason for stars is because i pulled bad cards
it stopped working the same day within half an hour to be exact ! do i need to say anything more ? !
this product does not work with the otterbox defender case for iphone gs . would be great if it did .
colors are not as they appear !
the cable does not work at all . doesn't work plugged into usb on computer or plugged into usb wall plug .
item never arrived . not even a sorry two months after had to fight for reimbursement
item was not same as one pictured . glad to see they've made the correction
broke of m within a month bla blaaa blaaaaaa blaaaaaah blow bleeew la laa laaaa looo lo loooooo mooo
disappointing , wasted money . poor and disjointed writing . lots of rambling . there are many better books on the subject by others .
the clock is beautiful but the nd hand ticks loudly enough that it can be heard in the next rooms .
the balls on these are too small to easily put on and remove
hard to focus scope mount does not work well . hard to position stand and mount not rigid enough .
worst purchased i made thus far smh i cnt believe this book to me in pces smh . worst purchased
this game was almost a total failure . while they did improve gameplay , they basically destroyed everything else in the game .
speaker has sound , the other doesnt right out of the box . shame
the crystals fall off too easily
i'm not happy not satisfied with this item ! it's not the same item what shows in the picture .
this is a truly bad book on so many levels . flat characters , predictable plot , repetitive dialogue . don't waste your time .
i ordered it about a month ago and i still have not seen it ! can i give it negative stars ?
this is not a study stand it falls over , had to return it for one that had a better base .
bad image
the cord casing cracked and broke easily . it was a waste of my money .
it has a very strong chemical smell , so won't recommend it . i didn't return it but wont use for sure .
does not work
locked up my kindle x had to completely reboot . finally had to delete to get other apps to start working .
very basic , shallow short .
this stuff is a joke , if you look it up there is no info on it anywhere else . dont buy !
my touch screen has frozen i am unable to turn the kindle fire off . bought it months ago .
it's the first time i gonad write something like this . it's to bad to be true .
this commercial manual is years old and considering that the faa updates yearly i could not use this book .
first one broke in a month , sent a replacement and second one broke in less than weeks .
can't give a reveiw without product when i get it in decemder i'll tell you
i would not recommend this product . i like my kindle but it is not the place for a phrase book .
didn't even last a day broke the same day it was delivered . they looked good quality was junk big disappointment
center divider tore out in first couple of months with minimal stress towels , etc . nothing heavy . really big , too .
this paper is thinner than the lb i was replacing . where is the paper basis weight police ? .
too small to be of any use
p . buchanan tires to defeat history , and exposes ideas one thousand years old . protectionism is a thing of the past .
many of the games are boring . i think the games should also cost less coins . however its not the worst .
case was not sturdy at all , the shell inside broke within days of use . this is a waste of money .
junk ! in the trash less than hour after i received it . would not screw together like it was supposed to .
please track and find out where package is . it has not arrived at post office in sc . let me know
the keyboard became unglued after a week . not good quality . should not puchase . my daughter was very disappointed with this .
it didn't even work when i received it ! defective ! i am annoyed as hell ! i don't have money to waste !
flimsy and does not protect my phone at all . it was a waste of money . wish i never brought it .
the book is very slow . the plot involves many characters unique to the book rather than our long remembered friends .
i tried it for one night and it made every thing very wet around it . i do not recommend it
the wife and i both took this until empty and saw no significant weight loss . probably will not buy again .
this battery does not hold a charge . i didn't bother contacting the seller , since it was inexpensive .
this movie wasn't very memorable . i was bored . the acting was ok , but the script was meh . i wouldn't recommend .
the dvd was defective . about the middle of the nd act , error , cannot read disc came on and dvd stopped .
very poor quality , gets stuck in the closed position , grip twists when squeezed , should have purchased a better quality product .
sizing runs small .
very disappointing . feels and looks very cheap . activity on front is not stimulating or entertaining enough . wish i didn't buy this .
these jeans are extremely unflattering . not what i was expecting at all . very dissappointed . will not recommend to anyone . d
this album is good but not impressive as the game's doctors advocate album .
the shirt fell apart after one wash . very sad . the whole side seam came apart . my daughter is so upset now
if you like simple stuff this database won't disappoint you . i found it to restrictive and don't use it .
the pictures don't come out crisp and clear i can't explain why . i wish i had not bought this item
it does not play normally , there is no sound , i requested replacement , but the seller never responded .
didn't like the subject matterauthor rambled from subject to subjectbook too long and unable to concentrate clearly on author's subjects
waste of money , it broke in two weeks . just shell out the extra money for apple's brand charger . crappy wire .
this does not work for a galaxy . the hard side covers the speaker making it impossible to hearit ring
cable doesn't work , was too cheap to bother with return . i don't recommend at all .
the plot and story was good but the foul language was so awful and unneccessary . it look away from story .
only works of the time . given hand dificulties , when it doesnt work , frustration levels even worse . dont buy it .
this is a junk product from a junk company . i've had more than one silly me . save yourself the trouble .
this game really sucks and wasn't worth the money ! my six year old daughter does not even enjoy playing it .
didn't help at all . big thick book with lots of wasted information . maybe i don't know how to use it .
didn't work and it fell apart to when i put in a new battery . very disappointed and would not recomend
i didn't like it . it didn't make much sense to me and i wouldn't recommend it .
it left white streaks on some wood furniture , ok for other wood . it's just ok .
item is ok but the switch is verv hard to push on and off .
colors on the printout are quite dull . i guess you can't expect anything better at such low price .
didn't work well , don't over fill bag because it will squeeze out of the top . messy and didn't function well .
no way this is a . cup size is ok , straps are long enough , but your back fat bulges out .
the suction cup does not work . it's useless . i wouldn't have given this product even one star . don't buy it .
i doesn't change the screen to fit into the window , the color is not like in the picture , cheap material
iphone quots are betterit sucks i hate it doesnt give you many quots would not recomend this app boo
disjointed . characters who are over the top and not in a good way . stupid ending .
it was a good game but it just wasn't my kind of game . i did not really care for it .
not as sturdy as i expected it to be .
completely broke the second time i used it . burning metal . glad i didn't burn the house down ! i'll never purchase again
junk junk junk junk junk junk dont waste your money junk junk and more junk and more junk junk tiss el
these are nickel plated alright . nickel plated steel , not nickel plated brass . absolute junk ! they went directly into the recycle bin .
made very poorly ! it's too loud and takes too long to try very thin hair ! waste of time !
i purchased in november . last night while using laptop , it popped and began smoking . cord literally burned in half . scary .
oops my daughter accidentally bought this karaoke version instead of single . read closely . not as much fun to listen to .
rf s
wtf ! you pay bucks for a one time use activation code . rockstar owns the fracking game , not you .
it looks like a pirated edition . the edges of pages are not aligned very well . no judgment about the content .
i got this to experiment in making my basement smell better , it gave me a head ache , don't like it .
did not like it . was defective . correct plug and fit on my galaxy s but was not charging my phone .
it wont even let me watch anything on it and when i finally think it'll work , it crashes . terrible app
this product is full of deleterious substances disguised as additives . it is also too thick and too greasy for me .
the remotes and charger lasted only about months before they would no longer charge , i would not buy again .
i kinda liked this game it was okay , but i recomend something else .
the color was faded like it had been in the sun for a while when it was mailed to me
this app does not work correctly . i can not move books to any folders therefore making it worthless to me .
so . many . ads ! my dog could make a game without ads , and she's not the smartest dog in the world !
considering the magazine will not download even one star is too many . i will be calling for a full refund .
skips when writing . not smooth . unfortunately will not be ordering again . these i think are filled in china , i am not happy with these
out of style of rest of series , irritating . this is enough words . enough . enough . too many troo many too many already
sloppy fit , poor access to power button . protection is adequate . will only use it during transport . would not buy again .
was fine with the first kids but was unable to move beyond that child . got frustrated and uninstalled this app
when applied to nails it takes a long time for them to try and they fall off easily when bumped .
i think this could have been a good product but it was poorly shipped and arrived all bent and scratched .
i found one story in this collection that worth reading .
cannot read the numbers awful design . buy at own riskor spend a few dollars extra and buy something decent
wrong color for me with hints of red over tones and a bit too shiny for my skin too oily
old material recycled from his blog . his first two books are very much worth having . would skip this one though .
i buy alot of gloves . these were the worst . like wet crepe paper . i wound up needing new gloves every few minutes
it's not the same size as what came with the d canon camera . it's to small and doesn't feel right .
the controls are extremly hard to use and the game is extreamly hard i didn't like the game at all .
i love the word choice you used and its a really good booki love how it's explaining middle school .
it doesn't show the road its a regular mirror and while driving its vibrates showing nothing over the road !
i returned the product as i did not realize it needed to be boiled .
hmmmm . there must be some kind of mistake . is this really an american robin ? it looks more like , well , a bullfinch .
this endpin tip only works for a cello . i bought it for my bass , but it is way too small .
do not buy samsung dlp tvsafter years they get white stops that samsung will not correct at their expense .
sent me a totally different product . this was not the adjustable flange , and did not come with the lube pack .
i never ordered this book !
make sure you have the right model . some slimlines don't fit this type . mine didn't
loved it while it worked , but the swivel part where it hooks on your belt broke in the first week .
i took one capsule and had night terrors ! never again ! fortunately , i was able to get a refund .
i find that it is not a very good product for me , but it might be great for someone else .
i am used to easy and medium level crosswords . i have a hard time even completing of the clues .
book was dirty and the cover was torn . very disappointed .
insulting assumptions underlie this book . not all who are overweight are lazy or stupid .
this was never delievered to me , repeated emails with no response seriously considering never doing business with you again
a must read book when boredom is what the reader wishes ! a delusion that i expected a good read pathetic .
more reworking of 's european modernism
it is broke . i only used it for week . what is the process to reclaim the prduct ? need help
it's free to download , but you must pay . subscription to a print copy before you can see recipes . misrepresentation .
the text is incohesive and has some very weird punctuation and capitalization errors . not an engaging story and not well told .
i dont care about there vac , i was hopine to learn more about the houses and hotel they stay at . thank you
you have to log into a website to play more than just one song . i didn't want to do that .
it's the same thing over and over again . it's depressing , constantly losing to the evil empire . boring . enough is enough .
too small , not just hat size , but overall dimensions , may be okay for a petite person , nice looking but not for everyone
these are too hard and paper like . these are not the ones that you get at hospital which are soft .
it doesn't work ! junk ! don't waste your money . took my chances hoping i would be happy with this product ! not
does not fit the mt thermometer ! not impressed .
awful representation of the book . even leaving that aside is sucked hard poor casting and ridiculous plot . hated it .
not too thrilled with these , they irritated my skin and i can't figure out which way is up or down .
the design was perfectly applied but i really dont like the stylus . you really received what you have paid for .
really liked the ornaments but one came with a broken ear , look cute on decorated tree with other ornaments purchased
slow
p . o . swant a refund
wouldn't install on any of computers . sent it back . oh well .
the art on this product was stolen from the artist . please don't buy this product or support this horrible company .
this ignitor lasted me two weeks before it cracked . the previous ignitor i had installed lasted at least years .
it did not work at all for me , and actually made me feel anxious . i would not recommend this product .
strainer looks okay and arrived quickly , but does not seal my sink . stopper is too shallow . not worth trouble returning .
cannot focus on anything . worst product i ever bought in my life , not positive thing to say about it .
the clock radio works well , but the projector not at all . cannot read the time . sending it back . disappointing purchase .
i've looked everywhere and have not found a conversion table for person to feet or inches .
if you win anything it takes it away before you can build up points
not the greatest quality fabric . tight , short sleeves . runs pretty small . cute , though . my year old daughter liked it .
this stuff is garbage ! if you don't believe me , then try them and watch your teeth do all the talking ! star .
se ntilde ores tengo un problema el carrete tengo atascado , no funciona esta trabado como me pueden ayudar para areglar este problema .
this product is very poorly made . after only weeks of wear , they are falling apart . the fit is ok .
item didn't even work and was not allowed refund .
this book was so disapointment , it ended with out compleating the story , making demand of buying a follow up book
disappointed it only worked for daysno exchange to replace itemunable to return item within the time frame allowed
it is not sized as listed is closer to than did not fit and will be soon returned
not a good diaper . bring back swadlers . my month old hates these diapers . gets fussy after he wets .
this book was not what i thought it would be . it was poorly written and repetitive at times . no recommended .
doesn't stick as advertised , had a hard time putting it on . not content with this product ordering a new one .
sent for an aqua sky but it was not the sky blue color that i was looking for . such a disappointment !
if you are not a great fan of haendel , pass ! it's interesting but not the best 'job' of haim .
i don't know whether to laugh or cry at the fact that many were convinced by this book .
i am only interested in male to female books and stories and not female to male , not happy with this book
please don't buy this item . buy some good quality product . this tools will wear out in the first use only .
well this game is just like i thought it would be and it is crap and nothing morelil lol
expected connectors on the end , no connectors , if i wanted no connectors i would have order them with no connectors
quality of ecco shoes you get from amazone is different from that in stores ! i did not like it
don't bother ! flimsy , cheap unit that has to be emptied too quickly .
it was microscopic . when they said size , they must meant for year old kids .
not poverty impressed you need to many gems for power play and keys . with out these it's not worth playing
the arm band didn't stay in place and coil around my arm and it was a total waste of money .
had to delete this after reading just a few pages . i love cowboy romance but this was not for me
easily the worst movie ever . why was this ever made ?
same result as most recent reviews . it tastes like cardboard now and leaves a pretty bad taste in your mouth .
this product is a great idea ! but it is not very sharp . having trouble with punching all weights of paper .
got the item headphones work but the function to talk through the headphones does not .
a window pops up every time i try to play an episode that says it cannot be played . bummer .
it's a cartoon book . so disappointing . i was looking for a good read , but this was a book for children .
this is a re mix . i do not like it . even though pete townsend re mixed it , i do not like it .
i found the studs fine in the floor . but . it doesn't work . the floor still squeeks alot . not worth the money .
looks nice and is a great idea , but cheaply made . the pumps broke after a couple months . started leaking all over .
wish the larger pouch was larger ! to put my phone in and accessories and tools . pockets are to small . just my opinion
i have never received the download . still waiting i have read all hi others and found them to be great .
i didn't like the taste of these at all . nor the chalky residue aftertaste . i wouldn't recommend this product .
i would not recommend this book to a friend . although written by a dr . i was not impressed !
game received , turns out my internet connection was to blame . love this word search and i think you will too !
right size , logo great , the blue color is a bit off , it's not the brilliant blue of the true logo .
this shirt is falling apart , the hems came apart after first wash , and it shrunk in length a good bit .
cheap chain that was defective . had a link in the middle of the chain for no reason . bigger star than described .
for one mascara ? an old mascara in a beat up package ? no way . this auto pricing thing is just too silly .
i know this phone can't cost this much ! this must be a misprint ! somebody has to re do this ad pronto .
this is one of the worst book ever written about schizophrenia .
doesn't mold to the device on the top left
most boring , go nowhere book i've ever read . it just didn't go anywhere . too many characters , note enough story
it's cheaply made and has a very faint laser what a crock of ish . i want my money back jeez
case doesn't fit well on my galaxy siii . a waste of money , but not worth spending any postage to return .
pages of the book were missing . that's just unacceptable for a textbook . it skips from page to .
died within minutes . refuse to reset no matter what . just returned it .
the item didn't come with a wall plug in . i had to find another one . not very reliable for the price .
ran very small
not what i expected quality not their , contour rug too small . overall the look was misleading . the color was great !
not very sturdy for the price and the illustrations and story are so so . curious george books are much better .
slot extra it not goodfor windows i put the pacht you propose and it's a samei loose the cuser
couldn't even finish it .
it sucks everything is locked i like pie and my lil sisters are anoying go naruto why me why me
the icon and name indicate this is a bowling game , but it is not ! do not buy this worthless app !
his wife and daughter were kidnapped twice in hours ! wow ! it was awful ! does this happen in every season .
not authentic , faces look nothing like princess . they do the part for my daughter though so stars is given .
it does not hold gas , not sure why it does that . would like to get my money back if i can
boring , repetitious , repetitious . no story line .
i was looking for the original tracks and got fooled by this compilation of karaoke remakes . a waste of money .
i'm going to return this . just don't care for it . disappointed , although the picture is a good representation . my mistake .
the thermometer and hanging bar are very poor quality . arrived broken . i recommend against purchasing .
the battery was faulty and it was not what i thoughht it wwould bebut still a good quality watch though
didn't quite fit the s correctly and i stopped using it .
don't waste money .
it was not what i expected or how it looks on the picture . it was pricey for what i received
sighting anything in is a challenge . still had to waste ammo to sight in ! i would not recommend !
this has nothing to do with employment law in the united states , this book was written for the united kingdom .
same opinion as candy swipe one free . the advertisement that is downloaded with free apps drive me crazy . removed it .
this worked as expected for the first few days , then stopped turning on after one week of extremely light usage .
the picture shows more blue than purple . its still nice . good silk quality . very skinny . very fast shipping . nice paisley texture
not happy with this product it doesn't do what it sid and the suction is very weak
these look cool and worked once , but the wire ripped out the very first day . cheap , not worth the risk .
not the same thing in the pic not made in usa is made in china do not buy this one
this product didn't work as well as i'd like . didn't get the flavor out that i expected from the grounds .
as an historical novel it's silly . simply a family love story set in the th century . no value as an historical novel
all the ingerdients for a satisying space opera put together , as dull , dull , dull .
problem is i can not get the grips off my g to put these on . so , waste of money .
box was open and was full of enema fluid . you should do better for a loyal custumer
wanted to like it . stopped working after a week . difficult to change the size of the wrist band . to bulky .
i used this for minutes , the worst bumper i've ever had for an iphone , unusable describes it just perfect .
my active daughter and i did this once probably won't do it again . not worth the money for us .
product does not work at all , even when cutting back on meals . it actually seems to cause more body fat .
it appeared to be a bootleg . terrible quality . it was expensive for an old movie and definitely not worth it .
headphones are ok , not much bass in them . great for podcast , not good for music .
broke apart slowly after a week of use . i didn't even drop it or anything . this one just seriously sucked .
i get the product on time and neat , but to tell the truth is not as good as the comic
bought a piece of junk . resolution is crap , and can't improve even with display settings through windows . overall disappoinying
seriously , an elephant , something as clumsy and dumb as an elephant democrats would never pick that as their mascot !
i liked the color and pattern but the fabric was too flimsy . it was also too short for the shower .
the sunglasses were ok . very cheaply made . they came with a scratch , but were inexpensive . probably would not purchase again .
this book is fascinating but i found it lacking at the beginning to really draw the reader in . thank you .
had jacket for days when snap on jacket broke , would advise not to buy even at lowest price possible .
pretty , but feel ground beneath shoes while walking outside . material of heel buckles , is too thin , not sturdy , not supportive .
english subtitled . sorry that takes away too much of the movie for my liking . couldn't watch it . no no no
there was only one dumbbell which i don't think was specified . for the price i was expecting a pair .
poorly constructed . not worth the effort . wouldn't keep my usb in . when i plugged it into my car outlet it kept falling off .
not the high quality humor of the other ones . possibly took itself too seriously . bad guys were overtly more violent .
this item broke in months not a good product . i depended on this product working for more than thar .
hated it . terrible , difficult to use , the software crashes all tthe time , very inconvenience , will never buy this product again
this design was stolen from ian leino . while a great design , the artist should be getting credit for his work .
my daughter only had this necklace for months and it turned color . sterling silver it's not . would not recommend to buy
used this item twice and now no longer charges . do not purchase my own fault for taking the cheaper option i suppose .
trust the other reviewers here too thin , came off too easy , no insulation . very small for me , save your money , oh well thanks
amazing book !
too high of a heel for me . but i loved the shoe ! beautiful
the product is horribly greasy and sticky at the same time , but i must say that it smells pleasant .
i was disappointed that the anchor wasn't actually glittery it was just painted on there .
very strong , but one side doesn't fit properly ! it's annoying but i can't seem to rig it to fit correctly .
i did not like this stuff . i wish i could return !
poor quaility , didnt fit right inch or more gaps between hood and fenders lots of flaws in the fiberglass
they are horrible . i had to return two dvrs and will never buy lorex again . hours trying to get support .
had a weird smell , not pigmented , more gloss than color . not bad for the price , just not my favorite .
forget about it ! had demo deleted real fast . hard to use and understand . not user friendly . would rather go fishing .
plugged into phone and it did not work . cost does not warrant sending back . they got me on this one .
editing of interviews was weird . nothing revolutionary in the idea or how it was produced . wouldn't recommend for to someone
is not what we expected , not the details we wish to know , about the origins of the name .
sizing is off .
a quick read . not bad but not great . glad i got it for free . the first essay was rather comical .
really out there . crazy , crazy plot that gets more bizarre the longer the story conitnues . can't say i really enjoyed it .
it a useless app for the kindle fire , tried it cause i was curious and it is free , totally useless
not happy with fit
the display stand broke when i tried to install the plane on to it . nowhere can i get a replacement .
they did anything but resist scuffs and smudges ! labels were used in different printers and did not work .
slow and predictable this is no devil wears prada not even close . can't recommend it .
the holes are very difficult to put the coins in , i have to use a hammer or a wooden mallet !
the arrival time was great however they were more so deep and not mini pie pans as the picture shows .
the zombie i received did not look like the picture . it had redhair and eyes were different . face was different .
this product is not good at all . its doesnt exactly work as shown in the advertisement . total fake .
actually i don't hate it , i just haven't gotten to really try it yet have to work out my strategy better
the other reviewers have properly characterized this product . i like it , but it has that one fatal flaw .
size too tiny
looks cheap but works . do not have options as far as which angle to set it on to work . ok
these brain exercises are great for tightening your focus but they quickly get old because there is only one mode .
not funny at all , kindda disgusting actually . i wonder why there were sequels to this gross , distasteful , cheap flick
this is such a rip off ! u can get of these from china for the same price !
way too big didnt think it was gone be as big but its huge a total waste of money !
ok until you get to the higher levels where you have to purchase more bubbles to get through the level .
the quality of the shirts was zero . they were not even usable as rags . we tossed them in the trash
this suitcase isn not very durable . my year old managed to rip the bag within day of using it .
once burned , i could not transfer files to any hard drive from the bdr ! always received a bad copy message .
screws for drawer handle is missing . and they are hard to find oddsize screws not typical with standard kitchen cabinets .
straight up not the right cable . doesn't work , has different connector pins than the official sony .
nice pictures , just not enough . i went through the whole thing in one half hour . was disappointed there wasn't more .
i would give zero stars if possible . this product was worthless !
fast service cheap garment
did not work for my galaxy s
this is not a good concealer at all ! it is hard to spread , just not a good product . do not get !
i also had problems after two days with the rim falling off after every shot . planning to return .
this is where's the body , hidden under another name . just get the original for . .
the smuckers plain lemonade is great . this stuff is like watery watermelon koolaid . no , watery watermelon wyler's . not a fan .
the pink came off on your hands made a big mess
like everyone i was excited about purchasing this game until i was informed of the crippling drm .
picture didn't match description and being in a hurry ordering from a mobile device i ordered something i didn't need
beatiful shoe but too narrow
appears to be only wallpapermiscategorized not great wallpaper at thatvery misleading . so much for honesty i guess
great now i will have to pay for a whole other book so they will go to sleep . not happy .
i would not explained this as extra heavy , it is very misleading . i found better ones at the dollar store .
this hog has a decent storyline and gameplay , but the graphics are so bad it's hard to find the objects .
the size is very very reduced
this movie was strange not in a good way no particular plot that i could figure out and extremely boring .
cheap dont buy this item . mouthpiece melted . probably the cheapet pipe ive ever bought . again , dont buy this item . thank you
too expensive for just one tongs . and it was oxidized . i hate it ! and its not worth to return it .
rather cheap . better options available for slightly more .
boring to read , nothing new in the book , not as good as the first two books , terrible ending , very dissapointing
i don't really like it . i thought i would . but i prefer the andis t liner . less bumps . you know ?
didn't work that great on kindle . needs better graphics if you ask me . . llllllll lllllllllll lllllll lllllllllll lllllll lllllllllll
it dont hold much of a charge . the volume level no loud enoug to hear your conversation . etc . not satisfied .
would love to know where the access code is to the cd rom that came with this book . any suggestions ?
dont buy it from amazon . you can get it from the apple for for like .
all it does is freze and the ball always falls . app sucks . don't download it . worst app i have on my kindle fire .
i have the large beaver version and that lasted weeks . this one lasted hours .
they print yelow and green . very disappoint . very bad products , is a thief to buy this product . really didn't work .
when its dilever to me it was broken
i frequently have to unplug the battery and reseat it in order for it to charge . it's not a good product .
save your money and do not buy these . these exact sesame street workbooks are available at my local dollar tree .
the bits fall out of the quick disconnects or just spin around , but the bits are very good and sharp .
game is fine but can't get it to log on to face book . other wise it is a good game
i am so sorry i read this . starting a new book immediately to get this one out of my head .
returned the first nano because battery wouldn't hold charge . the replacement had the same problem .
the sound is fair . however , after one week , it is no longer working . no sound , no vibration it could produce .
i love vince flynn but really dis appointed with this try . his worst book by far
did not fit
nice color but , returning because they are too large . i may reorder a smaller size and lighter brown color or black
i quit reading this book . i had read another of his that was more action adventure . this was not . opps
purchased june , died in mar . rip . worked flawlessly until one day i couldn't get it to respond to anything .
if you're a katt fan , this will surely disappoint . katt has lost his luster in this performance . his worst yet .
i hoped to prank my wife , but you need to purchase the full version to enjoy the gag . very misleading .
her story was interesting sometimes but very hard to focus due to the bad grammar . don't bother wasting your time .
doesnt work with my samsung galaxy note , never buy it again that is for sure . do not recommend to anyone
it is a vary stupid game , before i got started i wish that i never got it being drunk would help
got this game free and can't play please fix it force close on my htc one max
poor special effects , crummy plot . watched the whole thing in the hope it would get better . it didn't !
one of the plastic clips on the bands that connect them to the handles broke during the first workout .
this action figure looked good in the picture but looked very inferior . the colors looked very dull . does not worth the price .
bought this on recommendation of other online reviewers . sorry i did . far too much orchestration for my tastes .
this did not clean things the way that i expected them too . it's possible that i am doing it incorrectly .
the child was unable to wear the shirt . after first wash the design came off . will never purchase that maker again .
ridiculous premise and lame dialog makes for hours of my life i'll never get back
i am disappointed as there was only one story in this book . i expected several as the title infered . bummed
this knee brace looked like it is made of good quality products , but definately not a one size fits all .
i want my money back . this book is advertising for this guys supplelements . it should be free since it advertising .
did not fit phone , waste of money screen protector covers speaker does not fit either would not recommend to anyone
it was perfect as far as looks go . but it wouldn't even snap closed on my phone
i dont recommend this at all , the zipper didn't work and also it doesnt look elegant like the title says
i have utilized frontline plus on all of my dogs to keep them safe and healthy . great product . denise a
the right earbud died within a week , expected more from logitech but you win some lose some i guess . meh
i find the presenter a bit condescending and monotone , so tended to lose interest in what is fascinating nation's history .
i hate it because it was to short and to little for my laptop and i just throw it away
just another copy from other runners games . nothing original but the graphics are excellent and the sound as well . b
the whole idea of this was that the cup is included , it was not with either one that i bought .
pops out continually rising a foot and a half into the air don't waste your money on this item . pass
it want let you in i spent an hour trying to get in but it would not let me
i love the looks of the case but it doesn't stay together very well . not really happy with the case .
sponge was disappointing to me , hard to clean after use , did not seem to absorb much liquids . would not reccommend .
specifications were not on the listing for this item so i had to take a chance . barrel was to wide .
it didnt even fit my samsung galaxy s . it would have cost more to return than it was to purchase .
bought this to help with vaginal dryness . didn't workmy advice , buy preseed if you need lubrication . save yourself money
the finish quality of the item is very poor and inconsistent . however , for the price , it will have to do .
did not look the same as the one bought in salon . the color was much lighter .
wanted to watch wimbledon while at the airport . the live feed loaded on my phone , but not the kindle
disjointed , poorly written and confusing . don't waste your time . the first one was great and this is so poorly done .
hooked it up to my pool and it didnt work !
if you liked lady chatterley's lover , you will love this .
the button arrived broken and when we were looking at it we realized that it was very cheaply made .
too many characters , subplots and flashbacks . i will stop here on this series . i miss vince flynn and mitch rapp !
very cute but these ripped before you could take it off the paper . i was not satisfied at all .
i bought this video for my son and he just thinks is so boring . it's just short boring clips .
was not as hyped up to be did nothing for me it was a total waste of money !
maybe it's just too complicated for me . . . i just never used it . the pictures are nice enough .
dont buy it there's no remote and no instructions your wasting your money it's not it it's a total ripoff
not what i was looking for exactly but it's ok to small
guess i'm a bit to old to read this , nothing new to me . ok , might help younger workers find work
this was a good product . at first . after a while nails started to pop out . so short term great good .
broke after only a few times of opening and closing the window . i would not recommend this item to anyone .
do not buy this its not like in the picture , you will get some thin different , think aboutit first
did not complete needs to keep my interest longer . i will try again when not so sleepy or so cold
this movie might be very good , but i would not know as i was unable to get it to play .
was assured it would fit my grasshog . it did not .
didn't care for this case got discolored fast
this light is absolute junk . not what i would expect from maglite .
it's not easy to use and their technical support sucks .
counterfeit do not buy this if you can help it , spend the extra money and buy on from the source
these cases weren't matte . they were the regular clear ones , not what i expected , and i got them super late .
the product i recieved looks nothing like in the picture ! i got these normal shaped thin eyelashes . i am very disapointed .
i live in baltimore and i thought this movie was bad . the acting sucked and story wasn't good at all .
i didn't even finish it as the plot was even too outrageous for patterson . the whole family angle was unfortunate .
several burner rods burned out only after a few months of use . the toaster button was always tempermental too .
the inconvenient pocket . and very thin , fitas a whole is disappointingi do not want to recommend the pants . hukaa bb cc
not too bad . can be confusing with the different characters , but once you get to know them it makes sense
they don't stick properly .
the case did not fit the specified phone , and scraped the paint off the phone trying to get it on .
this sleeve does not do a good job protecting from bruising and blocks for contact karate or contact sport sorry .
not only did i delete this book from my kindle , i deleted it from my amazon account
it has not well for me , unable to use too small , found a solution , so i made a fix , thanks
tore up very fast .
had this for maybe a month and battery died . completely ! will be going with a hp battery now . completely completely disappointed !
it alright but when i put it on the speedlite on full power the gel melts when the light fires .
this storage box was made as cheaply as possible and is just overall poor quality . stick to a name brand .
i received less than tablespoons full . never again will i trust them . it all fitin the palm of my hand .
what an ending . . it's like unfinished . what happens after ? another book , not happy with the ending at all ugh .
not elastic like stated in ad
very slow movie but has great stars . the director of the movie was not great . i was bored to tears .
the player was broken after three day i got it . the screen is totally dead .
where is the dvd ? we live in a video era . so , where is the video concert ? ! .
unfortunately the camera was not working , however , the return policy was very simple . i appreciated that . thanks
couldnt play , wouldnt download on my nexus , so cant honestly recommend this game to anyone . hope it's better for others .
i didn't need want it . there was no sense keeping it . odering on line is very ticky . be careful all the time .
a bit all over the place but some of it is genuinely funny . this might be a good show to watch while high .
really wanted a quicker reference type book , you need to really look for your subject , index was not that helpful .
i would not recommend this product to any one . had tears in the seams within a week of using it .
the drawers fall on top of each other if they are too heavy . useless design . cheap plastic and way overpriced .
the original cost of this through avon is . that is so high for a product that did absolutely nothing .
contains milk solids , make sure this is what you want before you buy . not as good a bargain as it seemed
first off , the leather is paper thin and cheaply made . second , my item was dirty and used already ! don't buy !
works fine on my galaxy s but getting a server error when i try it on my kindle fire hd .
it is low and blow it is not goodyou well can , t see good it is baaaaaad don , t pay it
need one size smaller in this fit . typically wear a . a probably would have fit a little better .
how can it be expired with only claimed ? very disappointed to say the least . not giving a good impression .
i have enjoyed other ardady renko novels . this one seemed completely contrived .
after the first throw , i got strikes every time . am i just that good , or is the game just that bad ?
the reason i wanted this was for the barometer . it dosen't work ! it doesn't work . it doesn't work . it doesn't work . i'm not happy .
this product is supposed to have and antifungal but i saw some growth on the humidifier after a week . sad .
i only push a button , in fact one of those button was damge ! i touch it smoothly and was damage .
very weird movie . very different , not much to say about it . hard to follow and there is not much structure .
the product went back . it's not ready yet . use movie maker for free .
does't work
the book seemed fine until i opened it and it had writing on the inside . unusable as a christmas gift .
the case is translucent and i expected a solid color . disappointed . would not purchase again or recommend to a friend .
i bought this collar and returned it because it was too small and i did not get reimbursed for it .
metallic taste , horrid smell , baby didn't want to take it , all was out . switched to carlsons vitamin d . works great .
very easy to put on . not really good for smaller chairs . nothing great , but does the job . material seems ok .
overhyped movie that plays on implausible situations and racial stereotypes . hollywood giving this movie best picture was a self obsessed disgrace .
the wings won't fit properly . it won't stay together . too many pieces for this little figure .
i felt the quality was more like a luncheon napkin . not delicate as i had hoped a hankie should be .
the t shirt was wayyyyyy smaller than what i wanted and you don't know it until after it arrives ! huge disappointment .
trying out this device and decided that this really , truly is not what i am currently accustomed or interested in
i've tried these on numerous occassions and have had only one seal one time . definitely not effective .
cheaply made too afriad to use these cause of such the poor quality of this product ! i would not recomment
i thought this was greeting cards and it was little tear off cards . very disappointed .
they make some very good points , but surround them by such garbage that it makes the whole difficult to watch .
super hard to type on . it's not good . i really tried to like it but it's pretty horrible . not happy .
garbage not like the original ezee wrap i used to buy . must be a counterfeit knockoff from china or something .
battery doesn't stay charged always having errors u definitely get what u pay for when it comes to this product
not very well written . got lost in the thread of the story several times .
not helpful in any way . ive read the exact same info online for free . geared toward older and married audience .
expensive and very dim . returned for refund . do not recommend . if you want a point , buy a purpose built unit .
this adapter did not work with my laptop . not the seller's fault . dell computers only work with dell products .
this product shouldn't be sold to an unsuspecting public . it's junk and does not work .
too much like barn yard games . hoping for similarities but with more advanced ggames because it's for older kids . disappointed
this is not the original from the cd and i hate this version . this is why her career was garbage .
after the first , then second , i realized i would be sucked into buying . worth . forget it . wasn't worth it .
hard to use
not my style . this wig looked good in the picture but it did not fit the shape of my face .
it is worst quality , fake . made of paper thin alloy . teflon coating almost non existing . cannot be used at all .
it looks good but . delivery . weeks . working . weeks . do not waste your money . i wasted my time and money .
the rope was pulled out of the ball immediately and was left as a raveled mess in the floor . disappointed .
just as advertised , but no improvement over stock bulbs .
not sturdy enough
this butane torch won't stay lit , when you light it .
this book is full of too much imagination and the reality gets mixed up . i did not get it finished .
screen breaks if you look at it wrong . think of fine china , the screen is about x softer than that .
the accessory can't be replaced . if the usb receptor breaks , you must buy a new headset .
crashes my asus tablet after every mission . not fit for latest android software . apple version works fine on ipad .
broke after a couple of months and the design is faded . going to have to buy another one . sucktastic case .
these sound great and stay in place but are very uncomfortable . i would not buy again !
does not work . save your money . makes clicking noises , annoying , and silly . waste of space , overpriced . bought rat traps instead .
it was a pretty case but cracked after a week or two .
this guy is a complete joke . don't buy into the hype of that snoozefest american idol . support real talent .
the laces on this shoe are already breaking . my daughter has only worn these about times .
there is truth in the old saying you get what you pay for . i was very disappointed in this book .
i was very disappointed , half of the postcards were written on .
it never said that it wouldn't work on my windows home pre . so i bought it and it doesn't work
i ordered this item oa month ago but i never recieved it in the mail
he still has a decent voice but the songs were not very good for him
you can't control the volume , nor hear your child
to soft . the don't hold the wires in place . virtually useless . to soft . the don't hold the wires in place . virtually useless .
the packaging arrived open so i paid for a full but only got . otherwise it was ok
slow reading , hard to get interested , read pages and quit ! really can't say anymore about it , would not reccommend
ordered two tapes only received one and was billed for two . no way to get in touch with fulfillment house .
no different then your normal every day dark coffee
it broke the first time she knocked it off the high chair tray . very cheap product . waste of money . bhah
i'm not looking for pretty art work when i want to know the weather . i want something simple to use .
these shoes are very cute and the sole appears durable , but the color began peeling off after one day of wearing .
constantly deleting the same emails several times over . the deleted folder is stupid , that's what the trash folder is for !
also dont change color at all
big family guy fan but horrible game i wouldn't recommend it so don't waste your money on this stupid game
the nerf mission central didn't work with the bow arrow like it said it would . so i returned it .
the writing style seemed different to stephen booth's usual novels . i didn't enjoy it or the story line . very disappointing .
i don't know how i got to use the bag when there is no zipper on the main middle pocket .
you get little for the price . very disappointed . if you have an one inch hole , might work . make it bigger
didn't work . i went with the trendnet card from amazon it worked like a charm !
very unlikely that the human race can be broken down to brainstyles no matter how general .
eventually the phone does not respond to your touch and then you have to remove it . just don't waste your money .
nd one ive bought because the first one broke after month . hopefully this one will last . i dont know
the information listed for this cable is misrepresenting . it does not work on an iphone gs . i am not pleased .
product worked for three days and then just quick working . only had a return policy and not an exchange policy .
didn't like them they really didnt seem to do anything and i was even working out days a week .
the device muffles the clarity of the voice to the point that i am not able to use the device
f the gloves dont work properly out oif i just want two new gloves
it started to crack in multiple places within weeks of receiving it . the plastic is very brittle . do not buy .
this product is much cheaper in the store . about half the price . i thought i would be receiving bigger tubs .
this product has good intentions , but does not work they way it designed . don't recommend getting this one . stay away .
horrible coffee ! no little body and flavor , i do not recommend this coffee to anyone !
the internal diameter of the storage well measures only . and is too small to hold my glyceryl trinitrate tablets
only one charge and thats it ! . it does not work anymore . dont buy this ever , not worth it . no no
you cat take flash pictures with the cover on . the image will come out blueidh . dont buy the case reader .
didn't really play anything the way i needed to . couldn't get it to play things that i wanted to watch .
the color is misrepresented . it is actually like a dark burgundy not the fuschia it looks like on line
this book kind of stalled in the story line . i really didn't care that much about finishing the book ,
worst . movie . ever . i feel like an hour and minutes was stolen from me .
changed color n less than a week so not help about this please upgrade you sliver thanks i hate this
das ist zu hart , und bisher v ouml llig anders verwendet ! sehr entt auml uscht !
very poor . lacked a fundamental approach to giving a massage . would not view again . no never happen no way jose
nice design but too expensive . should be a cheaper toy . like dollars or so . but really nice design ,
bought this , came late and received it broken ! these are very cheap headphones i dont recommend buying these at all !
the product was purchased for a friend , and they stated that the band did not fit their iphone properly
my son wanted a touch screen smart phone . however , this phone was very slow and dated . i will keep searching
as others have stated the needles were not shipped . when we tried to contact the seller therew as no response .
don't buy this lamp . it emits a terrible burning chemical smell . possibly a fire hazard . made in china . beware .
story line choppy . too many back and forths . too many illogical actions for my taste . do not waste your time .
this was not comfy at all . never stayed in place and became a bother . would not recommend this to anyone .
did not recognize the camera . wanted me to enter all of the forms manually . so why would i need this ?
this version is horrible , it looks good yes , but it ruins the story . read the book !
chips expired after only weeks . not happy about that at all . i wanted to enjoys these throughout the year .
very disappointing movie should have waited to rent instead of buying . not worth your time or money . bad bad bad
horrible taste ! chemical taste !
it will not play in my dvd player . i put it in my mothers dvd player and it worked .
does not connect to my htc evo d . it is a shame , i was very excited for this item too .
daughter hasn't even wore it days and it's . tarnished other daughter hasn't wore hers yet sorry for bad post
sad . can i get my money backit does not load it stops loading may be it is not ics compatible ?
not at all happy with this bike pedal fell off and threads stripped out when trying to put back on
not worth the paper it printed on . don't waste you money .
it seems amazon may have figured out this is malware , too . if you get the chance to download it , don't .
my plastic screen fell off after days . had to take it off and buy a new one
the dvd has scratches all over it so im not to sure how its going to play and not skip
thought it would stick to my nails as a design but it fell right off was not what i expected
vanilla millk is not hard to make oz milk tsp vanilla extract and tbsp sugar . wahla gret vanilla milk .
had to get a black magic marker and trace the key symbols and numbers , difficult to see
i tried it several times with no luck . i reread the instructions again , still no spark , absolutely nothing .
i wish i had not purchased this album . i love sarah's voice but think this groupof songs is poor .
never received book and the money was not returned to me . i attempted to contact the seller twice with no response .
it was way too big and bulky
not much info in this e book , not worth the money . if your interested in raising finches get the finch handbook .
very bad ending , quite disappointing . the first two book were very good , the end ruined the entire series for me .
i didn't like it at all . i didn't even finish reading it . not my kind of reading material . x x
its ok . it is the basics so far . i will let you know what we think of it as we go .
the items would be good , but they simply dont work . the items would be good , but they simply dont work
cute picture but no protection for phone . i didn't take in that it is just a back . feels very flimsy .
noone in my family could get this game to run on my computer , even though my computer exceeded the requirements .
and we're not talking 's . nope , we're talking 's and earlier . so , if that's your thing , you'll love this app .
better buy a original parts , cause this have a problem with charge a not original batteries .
no comment
everything about this cover seems great at first glance . one corner doesn't fit properly . the corner continues to pop out .
i can see now why this coffee was so much less expensive than others very weak . will def . not reorder .
loved the pastel oranges , turquoise and rust red shown in the picture . what arrived was bold reds greens blues . not for me .
man sooo bad . wore this junk one time , and it just falls straight off my , neck . everyone reccomended , i , kept it , off , because , id definitley lose , it , if , i , didnt . disappointed
so disappointed ! cartridge' s did not work . i should have just purchased new ones . waste of time and money . ugh !
was not very free . needed to spend money to get very far in the game . deleted it from my kindle
got these for my yr old . they lasted about months before getting all frayed and started falling apart .
wedge was too firm to sleep on all night without getting tight back muscles . i was diappointed in the product .
what can i say . if you have stocks of nero ag sell them before it is too late .
what can i try to ear itching just one ear . i have tried antibiotics , cortisone , fungacides , and this . nothing works . any ideas ? thanks
content of book was different than what i expected .
they smelled real bad of gas , washed and they still smelled real bad so i put them in the trash .
a few nice songs only , all the rest is crap . regret to spent money for this cd . don't buy it
thought book went into too much details and would have been better book in cut in half . overall depressing story line
battery did not hold charge after a couple of months no battery life . would not recommend this product to anyone
one shoe was smaller than the other . they were made differently at the toe . very strange . i returned them immediately .
the color is nice and bright but the gloves are just too bulky to actually try to use with phone .
broke but it was cheap ! lasted me about a month .
this toy would not blow the ball out even with brand new batteries . had to return it .
didn't like .
very disappointed i plugged it in and it did not work . was the right size product just defective . it looked new !
subpar , not very study . the kids played with it one time and now it's just collecting dust
after seeing the play with richard kiley , this does not even compare , i gave it stars for their effort .
it chips and i don't know how get it off do not buy it is not worth it seriously thou
the system just didn't do what i needed it to do , so i had to send the poor guy back .
dead on arrival , horrible purchase . would not recommend to anyone . better alternatives available on amazon for a little more money .
adorable but it just doesn't work at all . good new batteries , even surface to race on but , nothing . very disappointed .
guess i will wait for fifa to sort out this mess . thanks for the heads up on the no tourni mode .
nina simone's 'sinnerman' remix by felix da housecat which plays at the end of the moviedont buy the score soundtrack
i haven't even had these lights a month , and one doesn't work now . they were good other than that though .
it works very well .
i've wasted of these for every cable i've fixed in the house . not something i want to repeat . ugh .
note that it completely encases the mattress . read . i screwed up .
this one isn't worth your time . it's pumped full out of hot air and is totally dated besides .
was very disappointed i bought this for my husband for christmas and turns out it doesn't fit his hp pavilion
first week of use , the item started falling apart . every foldable area started tearing away . will not purchase or recommend .
quit working after only a few uses and periodic interference with the radio . this purchase was a waste of money .
two stars because it wasa great game i on pc but the controls on this make it unplayable . real shame
nice but not durable .
hard to follow . i kept getting lost . i would just start to like it . then i was not following . laura katz
this didn't work and i can't find a phone number from amazon to get any help . just threw away !
it seems really hard to get in the hoop . it is so thick . they are too small for the hoop also .
ordered four got three not a positive experience too hard to remedy or customer servicethe product itself a good product
it snapped within the first two weeks shows you really get what u pay for
i love pfunk but this is an older version of the song than i like .
didn't read . started to , but thought it wasn't appropriate for me as a christian woman . what else can i say ?
wowif you like pre recorded drills go for itotherwise , you learn nothingget nothing out of itit's over priced
this product was a waste of money . did not do a thing for me . would not recommend this to anyone .
this handy little cup is just ok . the coffee is pretty week on any setting . i wouldn't buy it again
a small cordless steam iron , does not hold heat very long , light weight body . i would not recommend this product .
not what i expected . disappointed .
do not work with my i pod touch th gen .
not satisfied due to the following . the belt leather quality is acceptable . the buckle is too large , heavy , and clumsey to operate
looks cheap , but cute for daily wear .
at an extra large , this jacket couldn't even fit my smallest friends . it was too tight all around . very disappointed
it's just a first chapter , and it was not presented this way or if it was , it wasn't clear enough .
how anyone could give five stars to this infantile fantasy written for twelve year olds is completely mystifying to me .
this book is very well writen and any child would enjoy , reading it . boys for sure
this product doesn't stop the spatter , it just redirects it to the stove top . wish i hadn't spent the money
the game was boring and not interesting at all . would like more of a challenge and a little more fun .
breaks after one month . trashed them both . never again . xxxxx xxxxx xx xxx xxxx xx xxx xxx xxx xxxx xx xxxxx
items does not warm up my room . have to have it right in front of me to feel any warmth .
a waste of time from the first touch . offered nothing that was not more easily accessed somewhere else . delete asap
no good stuck to my phone like glue try to get it off my phone and it broke in half
beware i had to give my pair to a child they do not cover adult woman's ears at all .
i think the problem was perhaps she was not an english speaker , and the writing was stilted . i was disappointed
i neglected to read the reviews before installing . just really dumb wallpaper that i wouldn't ever want on my phone .
there is no instructions on how to use it . i' ve had it a year and can't tell on it .
the one that i get doesn't work . .
i absolutely , really hate this thing . it went off twice false positive last night in the middle of the night .
these ink cartridges didnt work at all in my nx printer . the printer wouldn't recognize the ink cartridges at all .
was sent streit's gluten free mix instead of manischewitz traditional . can't ship a different product than what was purchased , sloppy
does not work and cannot understand the workings
the story was not very engaging at first and did not become engaging . the story was kind of confusing . sorry .
one of my friends bought the same item at , last week , and now it's ! what are you doing ?
not alot goes on and too much description . found it very boring and the sequel was just as bad .
i purchased three of these coats , one for my dog and two for my sisters dogs . none of them fit !
ehh .
no humor , no acting , no script , no eroticism . they had the talent and wasted them .
pages are falling out of the book after having read less than half of it . it was very poorly made .
product description fails to mention shirt comes without a pocket . seller evaded confirmation of this when i pointed it out .
this book was a super boring and un informational read . it is very disappointing . the advice wasn't good or clear either .
poor suction after about two uses . just really hard to use and not what they portray the product to be .
movie slow to develope and boring with the movie taking place on one planet . i would not recommend the movie .
it' works fine , but it's way over priced ! i bougth it on line for half of the price here !
michael kors men's breckenridge multi pocket field coat , size is too large . . it seems to be over size .
it shoots feet the right . as soon as the bb comes out it curves to the right
it was ok . similar to other books that i read before . more of the same . recommend another one .
this toy simply does not work . what is the deal about navigating through the bathtub if it does not work .
the buckle is huge . i didn't even try it on , because i couldn't get over the size of the buckle .
i listened to the songs and it was nothing special , it sounded a lot like macy gray
this dice came with a hole already in it ! the plastic is very thin , cheap material . i would not purchase .
decal came off , does not fit iphone properly . im not satisfied at all with this product . it really sucks bad
sorry but i can not see paying . for mins of reading when other authors write complete books for cheaper
i feel lucky , ours worked fine for about a month , then locked up , seems like a firm ware problem .
there are not very many different girls to choose from
not well made . the stitching started to come undone . i do not recommend this item . try the thule product line .
terrible ! just a guy thrilled with his accomplishments . i would not recommend this to anyone . better authors are out there .
this product is poorly made that i could not even assemble it , the parts did not fit . returned it immediately .
this was free . i don't see any science backing up the claims that these help arthritis though . waste of time .
way too small . i thought it said shoulders . going to goodwill .
are you kidding me ? this is the ultimate case no camera hole ? not even a discussion !
i hated it . it wouldn't stay on me
i thought i was getting all three books . i only got one . it clearly states books , and .
taste like poo they need some better flavors unless you like chalk and cinnamon you wont like this super dry
i was disappointed in this book . all books are squished together with tiny print and no pictures .
story lines are good . not enough content .
fell apart after only wearing times . save your money you will be glad you did . no good junk .
havent used yet but plan on soon it looks easy to use and i will soon but just havent yet
this product sucks . it came from china and it held up just like it . it's broken already . never again never ever ever
this was not a toy , it is a clock radio . cute but very poor quality . cannot tune stations very well , sound poor .
real van halen is fronted by sammy or david lee . this album isn't true van halen
why cant this game be hd the screen is so . small and you don't move them . i call that lazy .
wonder why we have school shootings and racist creeps running around our 'used to be tolerant' country . watch this movie !
this game is absolutely terrible . every year cod gets worse . ghost is officially the last call of duty i buy .
had no effect in appetite .
i followed the instructions and i didn't see any blood pattern as shown in the directions indicating the blood type .
i liked it til it broke like the second week . the links should be a bit stronger .
this shell lasted about a week before it cracked and broke . disappointed . the car charger is handy .
could not figure it , how to use them with the belt i purchased at the same timethere should be away
it was in european dvd so will not play on us blue ray , misleading saying it was available in english .
i only had this item for only days before it broke . it was really cute , to bad it broke .
they were the only thanksgiving earrings i could find . save you money , these are tiny and no one noticed them .
i didn't like the plot , was technically unlikely . hhhhhjjjjkkfrt . go . f fr . from . r cde . fr cds . rf bhutto jfk
if you buy and read this book . you are totally lame and have no life .
this was suggested to make the transfer on xbox but this did not go with the memory we bought .
ok but rather complex and unrewarding . not a really good item . i have only tried to use it once . boring .
thought it was a good deal but they bent like crazy when i tried to clamp them down . dont buy
does not work as it says . waste to download .
i took a gamble getting this product . not so happy with it . no changes in body or strength . oh well
it was cool . for about a week of use , and then it started splitting in half . not worth the money .
nice looking case but one of the flaps broke off in two days .
my dog was biting chunks off this within seconds . such a shame because it looked like he was really enjoying it !
this is was a really nice toe ring , but it loses it s luster pretty fast . so again , good luck . pass on this .
case cracked within weeks of owning ! luckily i did not pay full price . wouldn't recommend this product to anyone .
i did not mean to get this . did not understand the use . so i uninstalled it . it doesn't meet my needs .
the two magnetic strips are already falling apart . very flimsy . there are better products out there for the same price
it was slightly smaller than normal and the color and material looks cheap . i returned them and looking for another pair
nothing new or interesting or not a cliche . don't pretend to be orthodox if you're not .
disappointed doesn't stay put around the mstress . every time i make the bed it comes out .
i can't use it on my computer , i didn't realize that when i bought it , but i have windows .
good for academic reference , principles still apply but the cutting speed and technology are out of date .
practical for the price . would only recommend hours max in them . just not comfortable at all . size fit accordingly .
could not get it to work as i expected . did not hold a vacuum once pumped and disappointing material quality .
falls apart
does not address any of aquinas' major arguments for god's nature . his infinite nature proceeds from his absolute nature .
did not work . this is junk . have not been able to get it to work with anything . word word word
small as hell comes dull barely a handel
no good a all i return this .
it looks cheap
i never had a chance to even play it . it kept stop loading . so i removed it from my kindle .
i had to return it . no true to size . it runs very small , but nice and soft on the inside .
extreme push up padded lace bra and matching panty c l , black does not work push up . is too largefor me
i didn't realize until i opened it that you had to pay for almost all the manga . waste of time
the box was damaged and the clothes looked stained . i guess not bad for what i paid , but still disappointed .
had this for months and the external speakers stopped working . camera sucks . for the price , you can find better
i think that this game is horrible because when you download it takes to long it toke two days long .
at least not for me . i found it rather boring .
it cannot deodorize when pass by the dum psite . not worth to pay for extra to for the deodorize function .
vende el producto como un telefono g y el mismo no lo es es una venta falsa no levanta g
not tyler's best work . slow to start not very funny . glad i didn't spend to watch this movie .
did not fit faucet what else can i say . it simply didn't fit the faucet , therefore i could not use
not even close to his normally fine writing . at least he admitted to no research . you think . i am quite disappointed .
grip is good but did not last on the underside of my brand new shoe for more than a day .
boring boring boring . too much repetition not relaxing not challenging , save your money because this is awful .
the cap is very hard to work with . the steam is not enough to clean anything . iam going to return it .
i can use the buck to save for a copy of the next db mix .
this app ducks because it won't let me beat the level . it ducks balls i hates it so much
the wall thickness is not as pictured . it is smaller . over sized center opening . i would not recommend to a friend .
the acting is very bad ! they could have made this so much better with different actors and a better script .
too much of s scrapbook
will not work with your gm vehicle . better get one from your local gm dealer .
i was unable to use this book , the cd packaged with it , that contains the files had glue on it .
this item came broken and when i dropped my phone it broke completely , dont waste your money hyyyy vf
it is already broken ! the case caught when you opened the flip annd would pop off . i don't recommend it .
didn't register on my printer at all . if a deal is too good to be true , then it proabaly is .
brush was bent , returned to amazon . not satisfied with my purchase , had to again before getting refund for damaged brush !
the sex scenes are only fair . i did not finish most of the stories and finally deep sized the series .
this product is not what i expected it to be . it does not cover that great and does not last .
it had good potential in the story line , but it seemd a bit amateurish and droned on . couldn't finish it .
left numerous bubbles which were impossible to get out . screen touch was no longer functional . would not recommend to buy .
this was complete crap ! does not work on ipad , ipod , or iphone . granted its cheap but don't waste your money .
this combined with rrod clamp fix kit resulted in still broken xbox . disappointed . one two three four five six seven
it did not fit the phone
bad sequal to one of the great movie experiences of any time . speilberg should have stopped when he was ahead .
the phone worked for a month then it won't identify my network anymore ! don't waste time buying this crap !
fix it ! does anybody who works for ken doll read the the content before you sell it ? i love consomme .
love the concept , but the sound was very much like a tin can , unfortunately . i returned the product right away .
does not stay in place and not near as nice as the deluxe ones .
i just didn't like it . just not my type of humor . to me it was drug out way too long .
spike is much cuter than littlefoot , however the color is wrong and material is not sturdy . waste of money !
had the iron a couple of weeks and it just stopped working and would not turn on . would not recommend
good job you read the reviews . i really would like this if it didn't crash immediately after i started coloring .
falls apart easily , even though it is fast . don't have much more to say just taking up space to waste .
since all scripture is breathed out by god and preserved by god , it cannot be lost .
i dont dislike the nonsinging , the music is very enjoyable but after a while it gets boring , very boring
not only is this movie not very good , its very inaccurate historically as with a lot of old war movies .
the sandals make your feet stink like you were wearing shoes with no socks . i would never buy these again .
too small for a month old .
this game was awful ! controls didn't function properly . need another words to describe how bad it is very bad !
the material is too scratchy to the skin . it's best to stick to soft towels especially when your entertaining ! colors are ok !
the taste was weak and not at all what i was hoping for . i ended up giving it all away
i bought this item and only would stick to the window out of .
didn't work on my garage didn't know who to contact to return in number on the receipt .
the sound is very tinny , i wouldn't buy them again , go for the htc brand pair , much better sound .
i'm very disappointed in this book . the information is old . not updated as it claims and it has no photos .
no instructions . does not work . all i does is make clicking sound and get hot . don't recommend this to anyone .
this one didn't for me correct but the other one i ordered seemed to fit just fine . i don't know .
love it !
its alright but it wasn't what i expected it to be but it'll do for now i guess ok ok .
the white border changed color super fast with any pants color . needless to say three it away . did protect though .
there was nothing new in this book . basically all the rules that i have learned at weight watchers .
gave up on game . didn't need it after all .
they were too tight . did not accommodate my orthotics and that lacing system is too thin and fragile .
i was looking for the cotton bandanas and these are just thin polyester and not good for anything but decoration
the taste is good but , most of the white chocolate had bled through the outer shell leaving a melted mess .
my unit lasted only a year and days and quit . did not keep coffee hot as desired .
i was excited about installing the wind deflectors just to find out they don't fit my toyota rav . bad advertisement .
i received my beanie today and sadly , it has an ink stain on the inside . not too excited about it .
does not work with outlet in my house electric system so i return back and got wap n it work great .
keeps turning on when i close the cover . maybe it's just my ipad . like the versatility . swivels .
it's a work book and i wanted to book . i am not happy with this item .
it wasn't what i expected .
it was a copy . not very impressed
didn't work at all . i think my puppy actually liked the taste of it .
will never deal with these people againvery rude on the phone if you have a question about thereproduct .
this umbrella closed by itself quite often due to its flawed design . drove me crazy !
one of the worst movies i have ever seen , makes the blair witch project look good !
first crank back it broke
waste of money didn't work at all
misadvertised . false advertised . wrong information . not like the one in the picture or description . change them !
i usually love this author . i knew exactly what was going to happen next . very disapointing .
i received rancid macadamias . there's no way around that . i hope that other people think twice or just have better luck .
there was everything but the game , even an need for speed thing , i hope my money back to buy pes
very cheaply made i would not recomend this product to anyone . you can breathe and it jumps up steps lol
no powdered sugar , tiny and dry
it's genetically modified soybean oil . hasn't anyone seen all of the studies linking gmo soy to cancer , sterility , and worse ? !
i ordered the ps you sent me a ps . i tried to modify it to fit my battery . with no luck
my gloves didnt cum nd the bag is beginning to tear
look nice but the material is really bad . i just used for weeks because it broke in the inside .
these are not thick terry . they are the thickness of very cheap motel wash clothes .
i have already spoke on all three beanies , i will never get anyone information on how to order these beanies
the stretch device is flimsy it doesn't hold in the boot i'm sorry i wasted my money and won't do that again
arrived missing the required usb , non working device . looked like careless packing to me . dead on arrival . pain in the .
product is so so . overly complex , poor to no instructions . poor customer support . i would not buy again .
i spent good money on this product and have had to replace the stoneware twice due to big cracks throughout .
they were not the correct product as advertised they were not stretch vinyl
after reading this , i am still glad i got it it does complete the collection . otherwise , nothing to recommend it .
this mouse was too small , not comfortable in the palm of your hands and didn't work well with windows
fm transmitter works fine but the product won't both charge and transmit at the same time . i'm returning it .
it's not the real woolly nylon this is a lot thinner i return the product .
this toner cartridge is definitely not for quality printing . it produces light horizontal lines across each page that is printed .
doesnt work !
never able to get into library system . have better homepage . need to have instructions for ordinary folks . help help .
i purchased this game on my kindle and it just refuses to download . please fix this error asap ! very frustrating
all burned out after one week of us and there is no returns
metal casing gets burning hot . changed for the white plastic version which gets stars from us .
they fit is front and not half way close in the back . they are the most terrible i'v ever bought .
one out of two had holes on arrival . and pretty thin material , so i would not order again . not recommend .
the coffeemaker beeped once and stopped working , may be there was a short circuit . hope to get a full refund .
works great only had to use one piston will save other one for further down the road would buy again
product will not download . no one seemed to want to help . both companies said the other was responsible .
doesn't have complete airport codes , even for some large cities . therefore , useless . my city of . million people is omitted .
tight in the shoulders . liked the color and style . hope to find it in next size . nice price too
what's a minon anyway ? can't get it . don't like it . no thanks . don't remember enough to give a good review .
i guess this was written for kids . it's certainly not for adults . don't buy it don't read it .
the description of the book said new and the book has notes all over the place . definitely not what i expected
quit working on my machine
several speed tests reveal the transcend gb class card is quite a bit faster than this lexar x . returned .
most of the book is for rollers i wanted more for the full one . it's still useful though
so much smaller than i thought !
i ordered two bottles . it was a really stupid mistake . absolutly rotten flaver . one bottle worse than the other . discusting !
i was to get this free on my amazon instead i was charged and i cannot get it to run !
i did not realize it was a zombie mover , if i had i would not of ordered it . my fault .
claptrap
interesting a bit slow not her best work and dull not a patch on her aussie work save your dollars
there is no legitimate way this is a gb usb drive for bucks . buyer should beware before ordering .
i was disappointed that one of the bulbs blew as soon as i turned the light on . so not cool .
not what i was looking for . and not for me . i need a book for lighted bottles how to doit
directions were followed exactly . product did nothing but cloud up the water and clog my filter . will never buy again .
very very dissapointed . e raps too quick , he is too hard to understand and he sounds like a trick .
this case didn't hold up well at all , broker within the first month . it is not easy when plugging in
two stars because it smells nice but this candle smells nothing like a warm cup of earl grey tea .
way smaller than it looks in the picture , quality is equivalent to a cheap toy out of a quarter machine .
this was really not my favorite book to read . i do commend jesse for all the triumphs he has accomplished .
both that i bought both only worked for two tattoos after that they quit working
it only lastd one month . it came apart it wasnt glued toguether well . i liked it thou but i wouldnt . buy it again .
this is a horrible book . explanations and example problems are no good . not helpful at all .
could do better .
i was hoping for some entertainment , and all i saw was a bloody , gory body count and a mindless disappointment .
i just wanted to play simple uno . this is way too complex for me . why not just uno . this world .
junk
too bad there are and i guess always will be people like you who don't sell what they advertise .
didn't work , water spilled all over the place . doesn't have a good seal . low quality product . would not recomend it .
brings up issues that people need to deal with , but has a totally impractical action plan for dealing with them .
size wasn't accurate and they didn't fit
would not recommend good for listening to music but not too good for phone calls i'm going to return mine
boring , only watched half so long . a slower , longer version of boiler room . lots of nudity for no reason . f
this game is the biggest waste of that i've ever seen . stupid , boring , slow , pointless . anybody want mine ?
got this for christmas , as noted by other owners the rod disconnected and is unusable . tried super glue , no luck .
not up to maya banks usual standard .
the arizona picture fell off the charm the st day i wore it so i am disappointed in this one .
yes , it smells good but it has no exfoliating qualities . i would not buy this product again . . .
super thin , ripped on the first use . do not buy it if you plan on using it for airplane travel .
i though it had lights in rear and high light but it dindnt had , only it has the laser light
worked for a while , but have now stopped triggering the flash completely . i guess you get what you pay for .
sneakers are for woman not men . the site does not identify if they are for men or women . site needs improvement .
this case looks much better on line than in real life . its cheap and flimsy . don't waste your money .
i just didn't get into this one . i really like angry birds , but the pigs did not really impress me .
sizes are extremely small
cheap . wondering if it's lead free ?
they appear blue not black there average at best . fit is tight in width but hopefully will stretch . thank you .
used this to play song , once per week . very gentle use , broke within a month . i would like a refund .
be aware that this is a print on demand copy of an unpublished manuscript . see my comprehensive review on amazon . co . uk
this is a horrible shaver . it has very little power . it yanks on your hair and doesn't even cut it . don't buy it .
horrible ! couldn't hardly hear through it .
lousy product ! don't waste your time with it ! couldn't remove peach fuzz , much less men's hair .
too basic app , it only try , sometimes with irregular success , to talk at loud the text you enter . i'm dissapointed .
voice command is very inconsistent turns on with random noises takes many times to make it work really ! ? ! ?
just dies after choosing tilt doesn apos t even force close . goes back to home screen . using original droid cm mod .
for me the story started nowhere and ended nowhere . there was not a beginning , midddle or an end . very disappointed .
the game had a chip in it and it freezes up very impressed and i wish i could replace it
already deleted it ! don't waste your time as the freeze was super frustraing . almost as bad as writing this review !
you get what you pay for . this ink will not print very dark not print like epson ink about
it's the same book with different cover page . i wish i had been notified in advance !
sucks , dose not play long enoth , how do you guess if you knew it ? thats enoth already thank you please
what my name said i hats this i'm so disappointed . because i don't have the money for a dang computer !
unfortunately , my dvd player was not formatted for pal , so i had to return this item .
it's the wrong assembly don't know if i can use it . my car has daytime driving lights the new assembly doesn't
the tank was way too small for a large and the actual shirt was much shorter proportionately than the picture .
full size and too big . dull finish . not quality timberlands i am used to . five more words , here ya go .
cheap plastic and is crooked
it was dollars and i got it free with my discover bucks so . quality is very poor not good
had to return , it works but too bulky . it didn't work for me .
this app needs some doggone improvements ! the graphics are cool but the paying as you play is what gets me
i got windows for dmmies instead of the missing manual which was confirmed as sent don't want the dummies book
buy the legit version . these knock offs jammed my printer making it an expensive paper weight . purchase at your own risk .
didn't like the fact that it was so thin . nice colors though . didn't appear to be a very high quality item .
this plug in did not work on my kindle fire hd despite being offered in the amazon store . not cool .
had high expectations based on previous plots and stories depicted in tom selick dvd's . poorly crafted and soon lost interest .
the game is timed which i hate and then it also makes you wait to renew lives . really very poor .
just okproduct whitened some not as good as i expectedok for the price of the productwill not order again
we started the seeds indoors on a heated germination mat . only one seed out of four germinated . not too impressed .
the inserts didn't work because it made my foot much higher and my shoes didn't fit anymore
nothing angelic about this show . why would an angel go to los angeles to begin with ? doesn't make sense . boo
does not fit my integra as stated in listing .
its very girly and strong . i won't buy it ever again . men' perfume used to be nice . what happened gucci ?
good price for the product , but . for shipping ? really ? i mean , it's not even rush shipping .
super small and not worth the money . even too small for a stocking stuff in my opinion . wouldn't recommend . ok
this is a short story not a full length novel . don't waste your money .
it was too drawn out
the pillow was a disappointment not goose down but feathers and quills , we returned it would not buy this pillow
this is so soft . i know it will be cozy when it gets cold .
says it's ft long . more like or . stretchered out measured . won't work for me to short .
when we use this one for new ipad , the screen isn't clear . so my eyes is very very very tired .
but also started working full time and didn't have time to exercise . won't buy it again , very expensive , no no
easy to follow directions but did not produce desired results . will not repurchase .
it was so short who could tell if it was good . it started out pretty good then it just stopped .
super cheap , as in flimsy . you have to replace the sturdy factory phone back with the case back . no way .
they stopped supporting this product about a year ago . there is nobody on the forums . dont buy !
i got a size and i was supposed to get a size
stories are much too short . didn't realize this when i ordered it . not enough substance to it . was very disappointed .
does not fit the acer icona a does not fit the acer icona a does not fit the acer icona a
they will do in a pinch , but it is just a skinny velcro strap with yellow on it .
it feels flimsy . the autoplay opens some files in chinese i cannot understand when i plug it into my computer .
last i knew playboy was a nude magazine not a lingerie one . cards are really boring dont waste your time .
this is so stupid it came broken with all buttons all over the place and it came in color red
very flimsy and small , seems like it will fall apart before i get through a semester . i don't recomend it
way too big for the size , not as advertised since they do not have any elastic in the leg area .
little small for my tablet but nicely made and color is pretty , my granddaughter likes it so we kept it
this is the bootleg pirate copy . who would claim to love those from whom they steal ?
not happy with customer service they told me one thing and did another now i'm out and a windshield .
bad reception , weather station doesn't come in . extremely poor quality . which probably explains the low price .
i found it hard to believe this was the same person who wrote the joy luck club . quite a disappointment
the product did nothing .
this product only works on kindle fire i have a regular kindle , so i don't know if it works
this item comes pretty much without instructions and , after following all instructions i could find , online , it does nothing . sad .
was not what i was expecting . very thin , sticker like
too sweet and very artificial tasting .
distinctly anti american . and delusional . once the greedy , warmongering americans are eliminated the jews and the muslims become best friends lol
a bit disappointed at the quality of the sunglasses . not what i had expected .
pity rather pedestrian performance of tartini i don'totherwise know return to bianchini , manze and wallfisch .
i ordered a king size comforter . but did not cover the bed . size says king but needed to be a full .
i didn't like the book .
it works just fine and it lookslike our dog . but it is hard to read the time . hands don't . stand out enough
general storyline was good , but the book was very difficult to finish due to the complete lack of editing . fail .
taste was unpleasant when added to protein shake , and texture left grit in bottom drink . i won't repurchase . wasn't impressed .
hate it . won't erase . you can only . hate it . won't eraseyou can only draw with pencil . don't buy
worked beautifully for a few days , then leaked all over the place . everywhere . complete , utter garbage .
was broken wen i got it and the makeup stinks don't buy this product what ever you do . remember broken !
love these types of games but was able to complete in a few hours . not very challenging for the money .
the color is more light than the picture show . really bad . i won't buy it again never . bad bad bad
the comb is thinner than the ones from main stores such as target . i think this is a knock off .
the book is somewhat interesting , however it has too many rambling words that really don't have meaning to the story .
the abrahamic religions preach against it . science has debunked it . there's nothing to see here .
bachmann engines have poor documentation and don't run as well as athearn or kato . the traction tire wear out quickly .
didn't enjoy at all . don't have any more to say about this so called book . what ever floats your boat
charger tab already broke off .
took forever to put together . they are cheaply made and fall apart quickly . i regret buying these . piece of junk .
we returned this toy twice and the replacements were just as useless . would not even work out of the box .
too thin , snags if you look at them wrong . i've gone back to old fashioned percale sheets and love them .
i ordered white but it is actually cream colored . fits a little small if you have a bigger head .
don't buy . didn't grow
cheap ! paid over dollars with shipping . within a week , the label started peeling off . extremely disappointed !
words fail me , who wrote this ? certainly not the charles todd writing team of inspector rutledge and bess crawford books !
i don't get how this game is supposed to be entertaining . i literally never lost a game . doesn't make sense .
its complicated
i hope they upgrade this fine game . windows and following os does not like it . too bad , excellent games .
the replacement screen looked great , but would not respond to touch . a waste of money . i would avoid this product .
i was very dissappointed , very flimsy nothing like weather tec mates . it is like having the carpet with no protection
the book was nearly destroyed and paged were rolled up . i am so disgusted . no more business from you guys . ja'wuan thomas
just want to play solitaire on my kindle too much with points , bonuses . not what i was seeking .
pleasant read , very predictable and the online reviews were right on . the boom was there for the sci fi fan . .
this book is more about the biographer than the briographee . the author's ego adorns every page . boring , redundant and annoying .
i was expecting this product of good quality . however , it broke after less than months of use . very disappointed !
please do not use if you are trying to concieve . this product can result in a miscarriage .
lighter works only intermittantly and requires about a dozen flicks to get it to flame if at all .
doesn't work for long , also it made my husbands heart hurt .
i tried for iphone and did not go well . at the time of purchase there is no iphone cover
not what i was expecting . the tool on the back to wind it up broke in the first weeks .
bad editing . also found it creepy . she cries too much also . i have to add nine words . blah blah blah .
terrible writing . just awful . wish i could get a refund . sloppy context , no plot , its just porn disguised as writing
sorry , but for me this was just a badly written piece of erotica . couldn't find anything to like . don't recommend .
required reading for college . ok to get thru because of the short chapters , but felt like reading a text book .
the gb class microsdhc card wit usc card reader writer did not work . i sent it back for a refund .
this was a book was just boring . i skim through probably half of it . . . . . . .
i ordered for grandson who is a big misfit fan he didnt like bag and it was very cheaply made .
this one was not like flyy girl and what i do not consider this to be a sequel . very disappointed
the interface is not that intuitive . some of the effects were hard to understand . good thing this app was free .
description says receipt paper rolls for most sharp cash registers i wanted paper rolls and these are actually thermal .
hunk of junk
they was to big in waist but to small in leg area so he could not wear them . .
i love the look of the case , it just doesn't stay closed . the magnet on the cover is not good .
i am going to return them . they are not like the picture ! heels are grey they look really cheap .
every thing is ok besides the fact that it wasn't unlocked and i can't use it . the information was misleading .
looks way better on the net . attracts pet hair , standard rug that will end up at ross .
hrs stand by time and hr talk timebad voice and very noize . not like spec
shipping and everything was great . but didnot like bag , unfortuately it was not what i though it would me .
it is cheap , not what i was hoping for at all . if you want quality do not buy this . generic
very unsafe un ergonometric way to keep it in your ear drum . it hurts !
some of the plants wee dead and only about half of them survived after watering and placing in the light .
no subtitles . means hard of hearing can not enjoy diolog . should stat in adds that there are subtitles or not
this was a very cloying movie . very irritating . i did not find it funny at all . i do not recommend it .
not as advertised . would have returned it .
don't waste your money on this , it is pretty much useless , and a total waste of good money ! don't purchase !
didn't even finish watching it , it was too boring . after the first mins . i shut it off . very boring !
it's ok for a toy . unreliable , problematic , freezes . do not recommend this pen if you need it for something serious .
skunk isnt what it used to be . recieved a sub par product . i am soo sick of this corporate greed
gb of storage , but slow !
although i got the cd for a good price the cd was no good a lot of inperfections very disatisfied
the idea is so cute ! not sealed very well . when i washed it , water leaked in . gifted to my friend .
don't care for it no coins and no level up i'm going to change to something else
did not work for my phone and was a dissapointment to buy it and spend money on it bad bad
i think these boots are to pricy , just cause there clint eastwood style boots , thats no reason to over charge
replacement will the phone does not work . bad service . i'm not happy . negative .
they were very cheap and not easy to install . waste of money !
simply could not get the sheet on the ipad without having does little air bubbles very difficult to use .
well written , but a gross subject abortion . i couldn't get through it . nine more words won't say any more , any more .
the lowest setting is too dark for my taste when making toast . enough said .
this is the worst book on earth . i fell like this book has nothing to do with nature . or ducks .
did not function .
every single sleeve rips along the same side , even if you are gentle . these are crap . don't waste your money .
be wary of your tank . this did not fit in my ' f tank . could not use it at all
seriously where's the size on this ? is this one size fits most this kind of sucks to be honest .
will not download . messes up your kindle . noway to make it stop ! do not get this app ! very annoying . what to do ?
are xbox had to be replaced after we ordered it and it dose not work
broken after about several times . choose a better one next time .
some the the stuff in the game is good like the gameplay but then i don't really like this game
i thought it was a charger exender and not a share filer . dont even knoe how to work the device .
not as loose as i need . why do all women's socks have to be so tight around the calves ? ugh .
my appetite was still the same after . the shake did not mix well . it was a waste of my money
stay away . the first time i wore it , there were several pulls . very poor quality , would not recommend to anybody .
classic design , a thin setting . only a very small diamond two as well . because is satisfied . yellow is light . hohohohohohohohohohohoho
to be honest this was a let down and felt cheesy
its not strong enough in the vibrator setting doesn't do anything for me i would rather use my hitachi wand
couldn't get into the book . the storyline didn't flow for me and my interest was lost after a few chapters .
i couldn't get into this book . i read quite a few pages before i had to finally give it up .
these appear to be fake not real ob , and not clear if they are even real tampons . do not buy !
this was not an exact match to the original as we had hoped . had to make adjustments to use it
the itouch i recieved was defective . bad battery . i'm still in process of replacing it .
this product does not correct nail polish well and it is a waste of my money . use cotton swabs instead .
this is more of a construction than a novel . easy to see through , easy to forget . i would stay clear .
the hair was too shiny . not what i expected .
nothing is good on this , and not worth a mention or a return postage , i just gave them a toss
did not enjoy it . found it boring and did not finish the book ! very disappointed as it was highly recommended .
it does not offer a lot of protection if accidentally dropped . would like to see a sturdier product . it just ok
i honestly don't even remember where this song came from and also i have know idea who the artist is .
yuk save yourself the money people , or go to the cent store it is not worth it . at all
very cheaply constructed
my son disliked it so much he turned it off halfway thru . very misguided work .
it is kind of quirky . great game for a younger player . made for beginners . i didn't play it very much .
i love this bag , but really you're selling it for ? urban decay sold it for at one point !
do not buy a panasonic dvd player . lasted months , and then i got the dreaded h error .
ok
not the best ! the case is pretty much ok but the belt clip junk and broke the very first day .
if you are tiring of the repeditive nature of the first book dont bother , nothing new hereslow paced and uninteresting
enough said . i wish i could get a refund .
mirror size was smaller than expected . threads were stripped out and couldn't attach to my motorcycle . poor quality of merchandise .
died in less than a month
ordered a hardcover of campbell's receipe book for . . received a paperback that states that it is a sample copy .
this is product isn't any good . when you put the toothpaste in the area , it wont squeeze out . pure junk !
in the words of the great philosopher curly howard , quot nyuck ! nyuck ! nyuck ! quot
i would not recommend this product . my skin did not peel at all . what they are claiming is not true .
the size was too large for me . i thought a medium was going to fit well , but i was wrong .
it is more like eating cardboard . healthy , but don't think it will taste like real pancakes . you will be disappointed .
why would anyone make a video game about rednecks ?
the seller shipped the wrong part and won't answer my email to fix the issue . i would avoid this seller .
iit was uncomfortable and the size was to small . it not for everybody ho need to slim their arms fast
i'm sure the hd tuner was fine , but it had no speakers and therefore was of no use to us .
earphones do not fit well , sound is terrible
flimsy and cheap . stopped working all together after a few days . buyer beware
it worked the first time fine but every time i try to use it after that it crashes , very disappointed .
this plug doesn't fit the behringer ! very sad .
too big
the dvd came with lines , snow , and it was very difficult to was the movies , so i can't recommend it .
we bought a new bulb and new batteries . it still wouldn't work . i returned it .
baby seat was cracked when we opened the box . had to bend a few parts to make it work . bad directions
not only was the product i received junk , but it wasn't even the same case as shown in the picture .
the quality and sound were poor . i wanted to use in my classroom not a good cd .
terrible ! look nothing like the pictorial ! straps were thin and ratchet ! cheap looking ! wasted my ordering minutes ! i hate it !
didn't make it to feet . died the first time it was used in the water , very disappointing .
same as above . i was very , very upset that the product was not new . it works better on longer hairs .
band to small , returned it
don't bother . nothing in it
just found this website from another book review site , maybe u will find its' helpful , may god bless .
it didn't fit
this is not the real sarah jessica parker lovely parfum . it is watered down . don't buy it ! don't buy it !
first at all . made in china . really ? the material under the dress , certainly scream it . very bad bussiness to me
no difference in signal , thought it might help , but was disappointed . the kindle has a good signal anyways . thank you
doesn't help when you get even problems assigned to you which you can't tell by the title .
it is already falling apart . i would like to return it . it is defective . i am not happy with it .
the lid is a poor fit , as if this is a factory second . last one fit fine . otherwise is ok
waste of my time and money .
if i could give this a zero , i would . i wish i could return this . its a highly unrecommended movie .
the length and waist are a little shorter smaller than the same size pants from other manufacturers .
i tried making times . each was awful . lacking in flavor . i was very disappointed as i love soda bread .
it not super apps for my kindle fire because it slow me down and it took too much memory so
it was ok . just not what i was looking for . was not impressed in the least . am gonna keep looking .
somewhat cumbersome to use .
. a charisma hand towel purchased over years ago is more absorbent and softer than this advertised luxury bath towel .
not as good as her first book .
it's ok but not high quality . you get what you pay for an inexpensive costume wig that is obviously fake .
only seemed to work one time . tried it on my dog . it startled him the first time and never again .
i did not like it at all and probably it was my expectation rather than the quality of the book
read think positive instead
i didn't like it . uneven bounce and bounces low even after warming it up . use dunlop balls instead . wasted my money .
demo version
and short , im ' and it fits a little higher than what is shown on the model , would not recommend
windows version much better and more user friendly with more robust correction interfacecrashes often on my imac late
i was disappointed . the remote would not work at all . tried several new batteries with no luck . i am returning .
the stones were off when i received i glued some of them again i hope they not keep falling off .
the book has many blank pages . the photo are okay . are good , but not worth it to me .
meh
its super small i thought it would fit . info needs to have more details like its sized for a child .
this did not work well at first . it does not work at all now . find another solution .
there is absolutely nothing redeeming about this movie . don't waste your time . learn from my mistake and stay far away .
stopped working st day
waste of money , not good for phone portssssssss . very cheap and hard to insert into phone port . no no no
get van halen instead . if you're a headbanger , that is .
terrible odor . you need to put it so far away that it attracts flys from where you are not at .
never got my things i order .
fell apart and did not work !
this battery worked for about a week , after which it became unusable . the charger stoped charging it .
it's not the real perfume . i didn't like it . maybe it as been exposed to the sun for too long .
the paint is coming off , didn't want the rebel flag . i do not recommend this cage to anyone . not worth the money .
humor was too corny
way too much third person . i had trouble keeping track of the characters and the action .
battery doesn't stay charged long enough . have to plug in charge times a day . what's happening ? any suggestions , please help !
i read the first and half of the second nook . boring , uninspired and disjointed plot lines . not worth the money
we liked his other movies but this one was a real drag . i would not recomment this to anyone anywhere .
such a famous story . so disappointing . no plot , not a story just a whimsey thought . lovely drawings . nice last line . wasted moneywasted expectation .
didn't fit through my life proof cover
makes no sense this app routes you to other hotel sites why not go to other sites directly .
don't buy these . will explain further in a comment .
inches , yes , but totally not universal . it's too tall and not wide enough to fit on my olympus e pm .
when it arrived at my house it was broken
didn't work
i purchased this app for my android netbook . i downloaded it , but it would not install even after several attempts .
this book disapoints mewas expecting top down sweaters with out having to sew togethertherefore not useful for me
worked for maybe ten minutes , tops . only reason it got one star is that there are not any negative star options .
keep reading waiting for it to get better
alot of sharp edged
i cannot get one of the batteries to work . has not worked since i bought it .
this stuff was junk , the case cover didnt even fix the car charger shorted out in a week .
leaked
good tips on planning but boring recipes . common sense approach to planning for large crowds but does not deliver on recipes .
i like the game but i don't like having to buy different things to keep playing . i don't buy them .
senator frist can only beget animals like him . i checked the akc registry and it's all very true .
the chair was damaged one of the back spindles was broken and the screws holding the back were stripped out .
too few pictures , all over a dark backgroung , not enough write about the creatures . more a folder than a book .
it fell apart after about days , but you get what you pay for . i learned my lesson this time !
the lashes are bigger them show on the picture , arrived on the date , but i didnt like the lashes
the belt clip broke after my second day of use . very dissappointed with this product
unfortunately , these posters did not meet my expectations . the poster is missing a lot of thestate federal requirements .
items been in back order for too long now this is bogus ! im even generous giving a star on this .
we left this machine running for minutes , and never even got warm to the touch .
these paintball are too bad i lost half of the boxes i buy
i cannot view this dvd as the regional code is not applicable to australia . this purchase was money wasted .
god bless america and the world cause this app stinks it is hard to use please dont download this app
returned this to seller . xxl was a large at best . the sizing on this was incredibly off .
was disappointed in how these looks . the look of the product did not match what i was being charged for it .
not too happy with these they are thick and kinda cheap looking . would not recommend .
i do not see any improvement . , not sure how is it being claimed as gas fuel saver , . waste of money .
optics are not crisp and the swing to move the magnifier from the line of sight does not function smoothly
doesnt work hard to understand needs better instuctions should tell you more took a picture could not erace itagain
very thin and to long just not good quality for the price . sorry but was not happy for the least
why is this app so slow i mean why do you hav to go though all these pages and stuf
this movie could have been better it didn't live up to the hype
phone pocket dials constantly . very unhappy with this product and would not recommend it
i was really looking forward to reading this book , but found the story slow to build up and generally boring .
very cheap and thin , fragile material . not happy with it at all . i was very disappointed to say the least .
igrill has the probe for sale for not . how could you sell something for times the amount ?
not happy , work for hour then freeze . the light would blink and turn off . the playstation was return to sender
i plugged it as i should have and i can hear the audio but no video shows on my tv .
the electric plug in charger did not work for my sony cybershot camera . fortunately i found my original charger .
this app never worked on my kindle fire hd . it would not open . kept saying there is a problem . too bad .
did not like the style of the hat , did not suit my personal taste , like a hat with lower profile .
it is totally waste of money ! the quality is really poor . please dont buy this case . its already in the trash can
no real story line . this book was hard to follow and had a stupid ending . don't waste your time . kg
it's not what i expected at all not worth the money i do not recommend it at all .
i don't know if i received this ?
it wasn't rubber its plastic , false advertisement . but for the price its ok not trilled about it but it will do
hayden christiansen's finest hour ! hardey gives the performance of his career ! all goes well in this quirky tale about friendship !
wafers have arrived broken all of them twice
it is to complicated , there are no instructions , i just like pop cap games , they are very easy to play
very cheaply made . and not very loud . wish i would of saved my money . should of look around a little more
worst purchase ever . stupid thing took forever to put together and it doesn't even work . very disappointed with this product
not a good product flimsy , does not charge phone . would not recommend it to anyone . reconsider buying something different thanks
would not recommend because it does not fit the computer properly so you can't use it while it is on .
the metal is so thin and cheap on the stem that it broke on the second use .
no
starts to sound repetitive and the same after the the first few lines . not too bad for background music though
it doesnt push up the butt at all
blurry , bad audio quality . i'm tempted to say this is a bootleg . there were also some weird watermarks on it .
case came in about days and it doesn't fit . it's too small . i was looking forward to this case . bummer
stupid hummer .
a great idea for a story was hindered by a ridiculously self centered emotional freak of nature . just too hollywood .
awful and ugly , looks nothing like the picture and it was ripped . will never do business again not happy
everyone's taste buds are different and in my own case , i just couldn't enjoy the the flavor for some reason .
i never use this ball . it replaces a tea bag but requires cleaning after each use .
frish shouldnt be in this small of a tank one goldfish is spouse to be in a gallon tanks
to me it was not helpful at all . i do not recommend it . it's a waist of time . no good .
it does not work at all . i will stick with advantage and pay a little more because it works great
tried to calculate time , but would not calculate simple scenarios . therefore , it would be difficult for me to recommend to anyone
we could not use it with straight talk as we where told so we had no use for it ff
i have not received this order ! i have been waiting for this about weeks now . i am very dissatisfied
there were no monting items in the package upon arrivial and no instructions and no mounting hardware with the item !
cord lasted a week then no longer worked
there wasn't any thing in this book that i like . i would not recommend it to any one . thank you . john
the case didn't fit the tablet , very disappointed and will never order through you again . rip off . dislike to small
this is a very cute case but too big for my samsung galaxy s with sprint , does not fit correctly .
its for kids the size on the pictures looks bigger , they suppose to mention that its for kids not adult .
it doesn't seem to get hot enough to clean anything at all . huge disappointment . one of my biggest purchase regrets
not the original , but rather an explicit version .
if you like strong coffee , this is the way to go . i found it to be too much for me .
i would really love to get my watch i ordered a couple months ago .
felicia
the design was beautiful , but the actual product felt cheap . but i guess it was just what i paid for .
i just bought an expensive book to either take up space or to sell for pennies on the dollar .
easy to roll off . shorter then my old one . hard center . sides weak . like built in pump i was disappointed
overall , thesre are not quality towels . color fades after the first wash . nothing special would not recommend or buy this again .
will never order from this company again never recieve first had to order again they would do nothing for me
spendy for what you get
did not function completely , sound came through fine . however could not get video to work .
the utensils just bent up while in use . i got nowhere with this and i still have a broken phone .
doesn't get the dough flat enough and was really messy even using plastic wrap to cover the press . not impressed !
onions keep better in a ziplock bag . don't waste your money on this piece of junk .
it works most of the time to get the job done but is very flimsy and easily broken .
don't buy it ! it wastes your money ! bad material ! it is broken after two weeks . i'm gonna buy another bag .
it doesnt work the way i expected , non of the i bought works not even when i charge it
boring , no graphics , reminds me of the old bad hex board games pre video console computer . 'need four more words here
did not stay fresh . it had a rancid smell after a few months . if you buy it , use it quickly .
the plate isn't painted it has stickers on it . wtheck ! ? don not buy this set . not what it looks like
i ordered galaxy note and got wrong size . it won't cover the whole screen . it is sucks . its bad
rips
did not like at all . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
sorry i am not a fan .
not structurally sound for the money
only reading it to please my year old grand daughter . directed to her age level and fine for her .
read this first one didn't like it but continued for my girlfriend who loved it . it didn't do much for me .
must be a self publication , as no reputable house would publish this offensive nonsense . zero stars would be my first choice .
gigantic type to make more pages , nothing that isn't freely available with itunes . a real disappointment . a waste of money .
did not understand most of this movie , not many monsters , not very interesting . i would not recommend for anyone , ever .
i tried the hearts . could not figure the pattern out . i tried it three times . maybe i will keep trying .
was ok dvd player but i was looking for a vod or netflix player . this didnt fulfill that
i've ordered adidas layup pants xl size and received approx . xl . pants are ok , looks great but size is awful !
these seem to be a bit larger than they should be , which is annoying . these were very disappointing .
they are too large and weirdly shaped . the pants stuck out at the bottom too much . i did not like .
evan woodberry is a double agent . auburn fans should not support this man in any way .
fascinating insight for an outsider . makes one wonder if the whole dc political media is nothing but one big charade
the product wasn't working upon arrival and am not happy about it . the battery was dead upon receiving the product
two of the cartridges were leaking and unusable . all cartridges were dirty . they are totally unusable . i expected usable items .
it was not in inventory and i am still waiting for it to be shipped .
they were not wireless as my search requested i returned all the speakers as it did not serve my purpose . sorry
this edition was never published therefore it doesn't exist and should not be listed .
love the action but sometimes the story line is cheesy
i thought it would be more substantive . it has some facts and background , but no real depth .
this item is cute but first day receiving this , it did not even work . the ringer did not go off !
can't get it to work . not what i expected . i have removed it from my kindle . sorry i wasted my time .
the warranty on the cord is very short . the cord quit working in less than months . do not buy .
i give it one star because it did work for a few days . it no longer works at all , period .
i love the shampoo , but the lid was loose and it soaked through the amazon delivery box . what a mess !
spend the same amount purchase a true home theater a waste of money good for bookshelf music only .
product is very cheaply made . looks like a crappy pic made into a sticker and stuck on a cheap case !
does not play well . freezes up and then starts from the beginning after you've already watched minutes of it .
i got this app because i am a monkees fan but the app wasn't working like i had hoped . wow !
i hated the first one and actually watched the next two to see if they were any better . they weren't .
i had misplaced or put my last one in a trash bag and it was good to have it again
i thought it was little boring . since i didn't see the first one i was lost in the movie . casey .
does not remove tear stains any better than h . i was not impressed and was disappointed that i had purchased
i have had this for less than a month and the stone has already fallen outdo not buy this
buyer be careful as this item did not fit my bmw xi as stated . don't waste your time .
to religious not a real budget . no set plan for savings , or tips on how to reduce your overheated ,
worked for only two days now it just buzzes . this thing is junk . dont waste your money on this thing .
did not work .
it works ok , but it made by stomach cramp all the time and it made me use the bathroom . ok
the earring are the size of your middle finger nile , bigger then my earlobe ! way to big for my ears !
gave me incentive to read mr hawking's book which appears to be well thought out
cord was too short , blade wobbles making wall vibrate . seems quality control is lacking . purchasing one is a crap shoot .
i was bored and i didn't now it was for teens
warning the car charger is incompatible with the iphone g . the audio still works , but the iphone does not charge .
love maj jong games , this one is good , enjoy playing it . one of the better ones , good game . enjoy it
this is the most stupid movie i have ever seen . junk . garbage . lost money and time .
the boots fit a little narrow and small . there were some scratches and discoloration to one of the boots also .
the sandals were made very poorly . the straps were not symmetrical on both sandals , one was larger than the other .
it was too thin
unless you buy the movie in blu ray version under . do it ! , otherwise don't waste you money
i thought it was perfectbut , unfortunately , disappointed a lotthere are hundreds of bubblessimply have thrown my money in the trash !
doesn't really fit . takes time to put the archos in it . only designed to protect it for storage .
fun comedy from spain . it has some content that is not appropriate for children .
was disappointed . a lot of static . poor sound . not worth it . phone receiving was just as bad . would not recommend
just like i said , this book is hate in book form . no stars if i could . what a piece of crap
they really do not fit the tray and are very thin . does not work well at all save your money
leaves rice either burned or underdone if you follow directions . wild rice was a joke . not even close to cooking it .
the title says it all what else can i say about a poster that looks like it does when ordered
i followed the directions , but i have not been able to get it to charge . i would not recommend it .
his poorest effort !
ok
only of them arrived unbroken . for the price , it was too much of a hassle to return . don't bother .
do not buy this wire . it's not awg . it's awg at best . amazon should stop selling this item .
these socks are cute , but they're so thin that i got holes in them the first time i wore them .
weak story and plot . characters are not well define and plot is poor , fairly fast pace but not really entertaining .
unfortunately this bracelet broke after one day of use . find another solution , the quality is not what it should be .
i do not like it at all , looks very cheap . i do not recommend to buy this product to friend .
ets has since changed its sub categories from to and this book does not adequately address the new material .
this story was okay . i still don't quite get the very beginning and the ending confused me just a bit .
after two weeks of connection , it caused a static sound due to the malfunctioning of the wire . do not buy !
it was ok . not the best book i've ever read . but it was okay . james patterson could definitely do better .
it's no stap to keep hold of case
did not like this boo , in fact did not even finish reading it . was really disappointed .
don't waste your time on this limp , misguided and totally forgettable mistake by a great guitarist .
i need to reture
this is not an ignitor . it is just a battery holder with a contact . there is no spark generator .
truly tastes awful , didn't do anything but make me sick as a dog , don't waste your money on this one !
thin , runny product with absolutely no moisturizing effects whatsoever . big waste of time and a waste of money . lesson learned .
wouldn't recommend this product . while it gets the job done , the woodwork is incredibly poor quality and doesn't even align .
did wash up well wrinkles from being folded had to be ironed out and that included the pleats
this truly may be the worst cd i have every purchased in the last years .
it is small to small , and of corse i dont ware it so i can't say much sorry . thank you for asking .
i ordered the xl and am a size . it looks like its made for a toy doll . very disappointed
ordered this camera body as new , what was received was a rebuild . beware of adorama !
bad quality , size is wrong , , , , , i hate it , , , , , ,
was not scary my kids were upset
my mistake . too short to be worth paying for . i will be more cautious next time i order a book .
these earbuds are a piece of junk . what a huge disappointment . they didn't work at all . don't waste your money .
did not work at p , hz . don't know if it works at other speeds , since i sent it back .
it's just a page and that too not pictures . nothing more to write about it . waste of time . its not a book .
these were pretty bland . and beware if you are sensitive to chicory root extract or inulin .
they will not fit an adult unless they have an abnormally small baby head . sometimes adults need googly eyes too .
the zippers did not work and it did fit my car well . very cheap construction made of fake leather . yea .
and the people who come up with this stuff are different from the so called islamofascists how ? oh yeah , they're white .
ear plugs are not well made . the ad is misleading . not to mention , they fell apart and don't block noise .
i hope i learned my lesson . saving a few dollars is not worth having it short out within months .
the packaging was apparently different from the one that i saw on the website . i found it something of a disappointment .
wrong size too small . this is way to small except for the smallest size stoves . cheap construction materials that rip easy .
i recieved my shipment the rd and it was broken . it was a gift for my girlfriend , ruined my christmas .
pearls a lot larger than they appear .
safe er grip bath and shower handle inches . is not safe because it won't stay on the wall useless
only film i have ever walked out of the theatre . no redeeming qualities , zero stars .
those didn't last very long , unfortunately . they do not stick on painted walls . they are cute but don't stick enough .
the slots to hold the drumsticks are too small to accommodate the drumstick so it couldn't be used at all !
you get what you pay for . i'll spend a few bucks more for quality next time . oh , well . live and learn . lol
when i used this it had ads for a realastate company so i uninstalled it and deleted it right away
this item is falsely advertisedit is only a thirty two gb cardnot a sixty four gb card as advertised
it opens cans but is very slow and sluggish . not what i expected from cuisinart . i would not buy another
the style of the case was nice , however , there was a crack on the side of the case when received .
scores the glass , but takes way too long to separate the glass in the typical boiling water to ice bath .
it says it's in english but when i got it to the kindle , it was in spanish .
it barely lit up my phone to walk in dark let alone to see something in the dark . not impressed
the picture shows two bags of coffee , but you only get one . a horrible value ! misrepresentation marketing . beware !
to much of a delay between appliances .
my second pair of these shoes as my dig chewed my first pair . absolutely the most comfiest walking shoes ever
don't waste your money . these cases are big , bulky , and do not fit the phone properly .
ordered red , seperate orders but only recieved pink , color needs to be changed on label of marker to pink
does not fit properly , front part of the protector keeps coming off ! do not recommend it for your i pod .
it doesn't work , i purchase one is fine the other one doesn't work is just one of does days .
could use more power . it is also hard for me to get open to empty it . ok for throw rugs
it's not motion detection sensor light . it's night light . i have to return it . they put wrong information for it .
cant download viber or tango on it . it is a shame almost every smartphone can other than that its ok
this system did not work and was cheap in construction . very disappointing considering it was the second one i tried .
one of the cartridges turned out to be dry . not good , not worth returning , so i will not purchase these again
i stopped reading coben long ago because of this . there's nothing of interest in his stories .
i was expecting the big hardback guiness book , but it was a small paperback without pictures , so it was returned
fabric is not what it seems
. but i finished the min . it's boring , it'stupid , don't whatch this . the other pilot bosch is much better . pity !
mmmmm watching real it is not so great
the inside was hollow , and could not attach to the prong .
it was ok ive read better books i liked the first one way better this book didnt explain anything
because the shoes are too small they didn't fit the way i needed ten too . i want a refined . j
it came with only one screen protectorbut good productit could of been a but i recieved only one
too much fragrance ! my scalp appreciates less scent
quite complicated for someone in their late 's .
wrong battery and battery case sent to me . i ha've a galaxy s please fix this mistake please . you have my contact info
if the product fit the phone it would be great , but it doesn't fit my t .
radio do not pick up
as someone who's spending , you actually don't get to choose strawberry or grape . i got grape . i wanted strawberry .
this glasses are not really that good , they are very small and don't fit well i would not buy them
the back button and menu button get stuck and it's not water proof . when your typing the letters double click .
lasted months and died . worked ok when i first used it but not reliable . get what you pay for .
poor quality bearing are making noise will not last long . i am sorry i did not buy the oem replacement .
broke after two weeks of use . fail . do not buy . cheaply made and does not charge , dog shrugs it off .
one port on both the ones i bought failed . one in a few days , the other in a few weeks
lens hood was visible at extreme wide angle of sony dsc hx . returned hood because it did not work effectively .
topcase clear silicone cover skin for wired keyboard didn't match my keyboard , three times i tried resolving issue with seller .
falls apart at the head when you plug it into your ps system
the plastic opening tools snappedthe screw drivers strippedthe guitar pic bentbut hey the suction cup is great !
gave one knock on a wooden table and it broke down . don't understand how someone can even sell such junk .
it would be real nice if they would indicate they only have size small and no others . pretty misleading . paul
the waist size is completely wrong . it is four inches too small . i am very upset ! bad , bad , bad .
didn't even work
there isn't much new information in this book . certainly not one of mr . randle's best books .
for a very small wrist . a lovely watch . i really wanted it to fit . couldn't get it over my hand .
i was looking for the french teacher and led to believe it is here but it's not !
don't waste your money on this projector . it is cheaply made , the volume does not work , the image is lousy .
shortest gloves ever . would have been better off buying black gloves and attaching white eva foam to them my self .
broke same day i got it .
licence plate fl bpk black caravan justin maybe good for a boat anchor . my greed suckered me . now what ?
not a good rod . it broke very soon !
this usb cable stopped working within a week i think i deserve a replacement usb cable for free thank you
bad design
i did not get the actuall case just like in the picture but works fine
keeps stoping to catch up . would take hrs to watch . streaming way to slow otherwise it would be fine
the story line sounded interesting but never felt quite complete . conversations jumped around and characters could have been developed better .
is a very under produced book . very amateur . doesn't have important information . dont buy it is a waste of money .
worked great for the first day or so but within weeks it would not hold a charge at all
the bourne legacy had only a little of the good qualities from the previous , including suspense , action , and romance .
the download is really slow and why would u want to pay cents for something just like temple run
isgoobutneddcleanerbeforesellersalefor custumeris greatphoneburt isbadshapeis perfectworkbutthe lightis no workis tipabout pricebut in bad shapeif you buy itask salerthe conditonof the phone
apple did a thunder port update and all non apple and belkin i believe . adapters are rendered useless . pointless to buy .
not a good read
the band was thinner that it appears in the picture and it lost a stone within minutes . very unhappy
after three months some of the ports stopped functioning . piece of junk . i wish i could give it zero stars .
i didn't like it because it is soooooooo boring you can't do anything on it it is soooooooo stupid literally .
this case did not fit . a waste of money . the openings were off by an inch . do not buy this .
sadly , this film was painfully slow to watch . i had higher expectations from reading the book . great idea , poor execution !
used it some on my original canon but it does not fit my newer one
i write blog reviews forthe kindle blog report . this blog has been inactive for several months . no need to subscribe .
didn't like it . the concept was cool , but it was way too sweet . i would recommend sticking with peanut butter .
it feels like a foam toy case and it want stay on
there seems to be poor interior glazing so tea stains are left despite several washes in a dishwasher . not impressed .
hard to review something that was not delivered no matter how many different ways i tried to download it . disappointed .
it was a cool game with lots of mystery . i want the red rubies for my reward thanks a lot .
try to take the sticker apart and it ripped the lettering . will not buy from here again .
the cover ripped off after a few weeks . bad quality with very nice looking finish . be aware . do not recommend .
way too big and very cheap looking . these are giant clear plastic with bling dots . they look white in the picture .
first day i got it the jack separated from the cord . so if i were you i wouldn't recommend buying
stopped working after a few weeks . booo !
great idea but , it's a piece of crap !
i am a size . it fits but does not look like the picture . the quality is very cheap too .
this lipstick is so dry .
nice bag , but i really doesn't look like a bag , so i returned it .
isn't from mattel , is another brand just play cheaper , shown pics is mattel . very disappointed . awful , not buy .
i expected wycliffe to more fast moving but probably expected it to be like tv series . disappointed on the whole .
nice locking fuel cap the problem wasn't with qualitythe problem is it dosen t fit ford expedition
the touch screen for moving the map and typing letters worked poorly . i sent it back too frustrating to use
lots of fine photos , very little practical advice . and few techniques you can use to photograph animals . not worth the money .
sizes are very small . i ordered the toddler size and the head piece didn't even fit my one year old
soooooooooooooooooooooooooonot what i was expecting and not what i was looking for in a short story . not to my taste
this night foot support squished my toes and was very uncomfortable . i could not even wear it for one night .
why have something on amazon when its not compatible with kindle ? this looks very cute but can not get it .
ok
simply not that good . the first movie was much better . i'm not really sure why i watched the entire movie .
fell apart after a few months .
the color is bleached amber not red .
it was truly bulky and very unattractive . broke as i was trying to figure it out . i threw it away .
it was really hard to get on and i ended up cracking before i even got it on my phone .
i was hoping for a more inspirational cd . the presentation is long and tedioius and the recipes are very dated .
glasses were too small didn't fit my face so i had to sell them to somebody . to get my money back
it's okay but not the one i wanted . that was on back order . hope it comes soon .
it has inconsistent quality , the balls are not all the same . it's not bouncy enough . i don't recommend these balls
this item broke the same day i got it . very disappointed
horrible quality and doesn't really work couldnt get it to connect to the comnputer or project even a square imagine
doesn't work half the time , i loved where's my water , but this second edition is a joke . don't download it .
it didn't work , we returned it .
disappointedreadings are sporadicwhenever my arm is sweatydon't get instant or any readingshave had mios watches for yearswas expecting more
battery doesnt work
to be honest it sounds like this was made in another country . i cant believe i even purchased this crap
th dress wasjnot true to size . i think tha tit was a junior sized dress . i was disappointed .
i you loved bangkok , do yourself a favor and stay away from this stinker .
only five good songs ch check it outone thingtake me outcoldgoodies guilty pleasureskip this one . now is much better .
i got this for my mom tablet for christmas and it did not fit her inch dell tablet at all
i don't like happy poo , it sux . my advice is don't get it its a waste but otherwise it sux
as most real life movies this was not what i expected it to be . i found it interesting but lacking .
this version of clausewicz's immortal on war is a travesty ! by all means , get the princeton or dover editions , instead
its the ugliest wig i ever bought . i wanted to use it for a mannequin but i didnt . great disapointment
it's easier to cut potatoes by hand . product is flimsy and hard to use .
very hard to get to used to around your neck . volume controls are shoddy and entire product feels very cheap .
entirely metal so the handle gets hot . be careful and allow time to cool after using with a candle .
small
only interesting because ex husband is in prison for murder of his girlfriend . fun read personal story not so unusual
i'm in the same boat . update won't download and now icon on carousel won't open facebook . help !
it wasn't for a verizon phone but for a at t phone so this product wasn't properly advertised . please remove user's page .
going back for romeo was a star rating with me , i loved it . this book was a big disappointment .
way too cheap lesson learned . does not match the quality of my iphone s . you get what you pay for , though !
lotion smells really bad , not anything i would order again . smells even worse than self tanning sprays i have used .
i made a bad , but it's not the music , just me ! i'm sure it would be better appreciated elsewhere . thanks
its just a holder for a piece of avacado . it does not keep it from oxidizing in the least . very disappointing
the graphics are very cute but the object of the site escapes me . i would not reccomend this to anyone
i found the book to be too dark for me to finish .
after two weeks this collar stopped functioning . was great while it worked but do expect these things to last longer .
i ordered these for the gender neural colors . but they ended up shipping me pink purple ones . for my boy .
wow . convoluted and overacted . two stars given for star power , beyond that it was a giant yawn for this movie buff .
very cheap product . took a long long time to get to my house . i would not recommend this to anyone .
didn't see much of a difference .
i did not like the boots had to send them back .
its a stupid app that only worked some of the time amd news is boring and pages of info sucks .
parts was break off as i was using them for the frist time that was a waist .
this was a complete waste of money . i am angry . thankfully i still have the magazine collection .
i sold this in a yard right after i got it . it was boring and the recipes were very basic .
when i am playing games some buttons get stuck so can press like the x button
installed upside down so i couldn't even play it . every time i'd turn it over , it'd turn upside down again .
this is not a survival or end of times book . just bible bull and is worth not one cent to buy .
these dont even fitb to the beats it falls out it dienst gave a grip hold bad manufacter as well
it doesn't get hot , or even warm . it doesn't appear to do anything . it does hold liquid though .
worked until reverently . i am no longer am able to download my recordings . get message that connection is lost , etc .
this worked fine , but it is much too heavy . it would be worth spending more , and getting a lighter unit .
too early to tell yet but was disappointed at the size for the price just hope it works .
dislikes never . a waste of money and timewill not be thinking again in thisthis is my opinion frankly
do not buy this cheap ass delta ring . the spring wont fit over the barrel nut . the finish is crap . non functional ! . p . o . s .
it will not work with my nokia lumia . it camera hole and mic are not in the right place .
doesn't make bracelets like rainbow loom yea easy to use but can not use any of the patterns to make real bracelets
as i said , it isn't what i expected . for the price it's ok enough . need six more words to complete .
i hate it because after waiting several days for the product and when i received it the product is damage
i took capsules a day for two weeks . did nothing . no effect . not worth it , not worth returning it .
came apart . would have cost me more money to send it back . i threw it in the trash .
it only spreads apart far enough for a grasshoppers head . would not recommend to anyone . do not buy at all .
the green is pretty much gone guess i will have to order nicer ones sorry but this is the truth
very difficult to get set up on my computer . ultimately returned st such product . will return this as well . poo
way too hardcore scifi . frank herberts dune chronicles is much better if you liked the sound of this storyline .
just a big picture book . i guess i didn't read the description closely enough . anyone could have put this together .
the design began to peel off and now my phone case is just whit and there is no design anymore .
roxy lean does not work . please don't waste your money . i wish i could get my money back .
the filter had excess glue inside . glad i looked before install . it would have ruined my hydraulic system
too little , too expensive . not worthy bying . much better choice is south america travel guide by lonely planet ! i am sorry .
they just don't fit right . it's a great idea but the fit is wrong i just don't care for them
i ordered this on july , and it shorted on july th , . need i say more ?
did not meet expectation . bland flavor with excessive black pepper flavor . mildly crunchy but not crisp . disappointed .
i cant see any video on tv . i just can hear it ! help me ! i have an ipad rd generation
the ink does not come out fully , every time i print it doesnt come out properly .
it is very useful for when ur lazy but other from that its poor sometimes it doesn't even charge .
mr . al frankfurter once again proves in his latest book that heis clueless . thanks oscar m .
one big sob story . just too much poor me , poor me sounds very fictional . glad it was not an expensive book
this bag is very small , and the draw string won't even close the bag . i would not recommend this product .
very bad quality . the screen protector does not protect the screen at all , you could easly screatch it . i'm very dissapointed .
hope to receive this book someday soon as it also was charged to my chargecard and not received !
playstation didnt work when i plug it up . didnt take charge . can not play games need new psp game ?
my grandson is months and so far has had no interest in this .
i'm sure i understand how shoe size works but when i got this , this thing was like super small !
broke while trying to run in house very cheap and flimsy save yourself some money go for a better cable
i'm sorry i didn't really like it . i don't think i'll ever watch again and i would not buy it .
it won't start . don't get . luckily it was free . the online game is way way better . play the online game .
i bought this doll for my daughter cute it was cheaper i'm the store ! you are a rip off
don't know how the product is . never received . customer service is terrible for this seller . never buy from this seller .
alergic people be carfull . contact your doctor befor taking this product . after days taking it had an alergic reaction .
the size is really good ! and the price is good alsobut the painting is not that good , expected better quallity !
, this is a good time killer , thou gnu a bit tedious . if you have children they should like this game
i forget when i ordered them long time ago and i didnt get them yetsoooo sad for thatsad
don't work bad charger waste of money
it came with missing and broken parts so i returned it right away . i would not recommend it to anyone .
the small jack part went inside it after two uses very disappointed and i was extremely careful with it also
very flimsy . cheaply made . not worth the cheap price . pay a little more for quality item . go cowboys anyway ha .
don't waste ur timenothing theregranny piece of junkfeel riped offwant refundbeware nothing liked advertised no sex at all
they were a gift for mu daughter in law . they are nicer in the picture than on her feet . . .
i could not finish this book . characters were so boring , plot unbelievable . this was more a romance novel , not controversial .
i hate this product and can not believe there are no replacement heads avail . what a colosal waste of money
you get alot for the price but over all i was not a fan of the ink very watered down .
very little useful information , a waste of money . i do not recommend it at any price , not even for free .
great exercises but performed way to fast for a beginner and there are no modifiers . recipes are good . non stop
screens kept coming off . would have to reapply often and they didn't last long . ok protection . did the job temporarily .
don't buy this piece of junk . mine rewound about tapes and then refused to work anymore .
very very light purple in color . not a vibrant purple . was expecting it to be a lot darker in color
the product didn't work and trying to sensend it back is a pain ! would not do it again .
i expect a good reception from this antenna but doesn't work absolute failure , maybe . i need a better one , thanks .
i didn't get any inspiration from it . might work for some but not for me .
these went dead in roughly a week in devices that have lasted years with energizer and duracell batteries . never again .
was supposedly sent weeks ago . i have yet to receive it . therefore , am unable to say it works or not .
these didn't work on any device i tried whilst in ireland . totally worthless ! i would not recommend them to anyone .
all the jokes and story line were very cliche . very slow moving film , not clever at all . stupid , bad movie .
zipper broke after the first use ! dont buy this
these are very flimsy and tend to tear easily . not durable enough for my liking .
another waste of my money . when will i get in my thick head , there is no diet in a pill .
a very good booki love the book a lot kind of frisky and sad very very cool a s
it's to small and the bag was ripped and i was told this is a . full body which it wasn't
tried several times and this won't install on my droid x . never had difficulty installing any of the other apps .
a latch broke on the second use . returning and getting the skb instead . seemed sturdy otherwise , just needs better latches .
i had to purchase another set because this just didnt do the job for me . too big ! got smaller ones .
after enjoying eureka so much this show was really a let down really wanted to like it but just couldn't
this camera arrived broken
no real progress and feels like the author is stretching the series . will not buy another book in this series .
this did not work and we had to return it .
disappointing .
did not work long at all . i would not recommend this .
it took over a month to get this and then it was bent . not worth the trouble to return it .
disappointing book that did not include the cover shown . it would've been the best part of the book .
it is no like new , it is only second hand goods , no packing , no the battery , no the cleaning cloth .
broke in a week i didn't even used more than times it was not what i had in mind
i didn't get it . went to my accountdo not know what to do to get . never had this problem before .
just what i needed
sorry to say but these don't fit the t cost about to bucks to send backthat's the hook
it is horibal then ever do not download this app it is horibal never download the stupid , stupid , stupid , stupid
very disappointed in these the advertisement was confusing . doesn't meet standard of what i wanted . would suggest to anyone purchase
ill i want to do is open excel files in a attachments let me get back to the basics of
it did not work properly so i just threw it away . waste of time and money thank you guys m
pictures are fuzzy and unclear , very poor quality scan . i wish i would have just bought the original paper version .
more cowboys have died in swollen riversi love you
bad battery charger . never fully charged .
not what i expected , too big and strap too short . maybe only for a petite person with small arms
sorry , really try to read all the books , in an objective way but couldn't managed the stories .
festivities magazine has lots of good ideas and tasty recipes . it's a good source for holidays and parties . you will like it
material is easily dented crushed . connections cannot be made that strong no matter how tight a clamp is attached .
i paid for a little piece of wire . i can't even wear it because it's so small .
box nd generation true p tv media player manufacture gift pack play mkv with enhanced chipset firmwarei'm sorry
the plot is nothing . the special effects are below par . there's nothing interesting in this movie .
you get what you pay for they lasted about a month or two then one of the earbuds went out
impossible to judge since the item did not work . replacement unavailable from the company recommended by amazon .
heavily worn and cover was bent and beginning to tear . binding intact . no loose pages .
rust immediately after first wash ! there's nothing else to say !
of these movies were o . k . but the rest were pretty poor . i would not recommend this collection to anyone
this cd is beautiful . but the cd's are incorrectly numbered and the order of the songs is incorrect . steve c .
the plastic is very soft and does not work as efficient as other pens . i prefer a different plastic l
it was okay . perhaps best for a tween or young adult . didn't enjoy it , but i didn't hate it either .
i was disappointed i have taken and nothing happened . it does not do what it says . not for me
this is fairly comfortable , however it sleeps extremely hot . i wake up with sweat because the mattress doesn't breath !
ordered twice and both copies the audio and video didn't sync . it was worse than an old japanese godzilla movie .
don't waste money or lending library allotment on this .
i had loved the bourne movies , but this one was just horrid . bad and confusing script . stay away from this one .
my son loved this car but it just stopped working after two days . waste of money and a disappointed child .
could not get it to work , would just show route but could not see it glad did not cost much
do not waste your money on this because it works once and then they know what is going on . ok ?
way to small
not the one i was looking for . it does not work for my blue ray dvd player it only turns it off
no it doesn't fit my phone and i cant return it not happy so i order ed a different one
it breaks the hair off at a noticeably long length . followed all instructions but am not happy with the results .
really disappointed . she should return to writing children's books . characters in this book have no redeeming qualities , not worth reading
this item took an extremely long time to ship and broke within the first week .
waste of money . didn't fit the standard faucets at my and my parents house . plus more expensive than other faucets .
it very low grade
good game but , you can only play with people through facebook . not everyone wants a facebook account . shocking i know .
it does not stay on the dash as i had hoped . when i accelerate it falls on the floor .
it's not a good one since it has broken edge . i don't like the color , either . the price is reasonable .
plug in had no connection to the devtce returnedfor credit
not buying cheap knock off any more i'll stick to name brand better stuff . have a great day . thank you
very cheap quality ! it doesnt stay in place and after one wash it gets full of lints ! save your money .
there were a lot of typos that should have been caught . it's pretty messed up a about the little sister .
don't buy this . stereono captionno japanese sound
this watch was much smaller than i thought it would be , and has a cheap look .
wasn't as nice as the pic made it out o believe plus made the ph very heavy to carry around
no pieces fit together correctly . the only thing left to do is throw it away . i am extremely dissatisfied . awful
enough said in the title . definitely a ripp offdon't know why you must leave thirteen wordsbut will not let me post otherwise
need mile an hour wind to turn it , blades too narrow for anything less . too little surface area to turn .
there is no way every review . can be positive . they were obviously planted . i would be cautious with this one .
should have given more attention to the reviews . item arrived does not work sounds as described above ! sent it back !
it stopped charging my phone not even three weeks after i got it .
i thought that it was hard to follow in the beginning . i found this book and the ending very depressing .
the quality is definitely not worth the cost i could probably find the same quality for about . at wal mart .
while trying to put on phone rhinestones began to fall off . did not try to return just put in trash .
hinges snapped within the first week of use . since they are plastic there is no fixing leaves sharp pieces .
another find it game that was meant for kids only . too boring and silly for adults .
cant get it on without loud static have to play with volume switch to get it to work
starting a show with a guest star's st line consisting of or f bombs doesn't do much for me .
i was disappointed about this book . it has craft projects that include watercolor , instead of just watercolor techniques .
the sound quality through this product is not good at all ! everything comes out sounding like static . i don't recommend .
i chose this rating because i am allergic to coconut which all the recipes had . but probably good for someone else .
if you could go to the bathroom and crap out a movie , that film would be called paranormal activity .
dress is pretty but material is thin and fit is not as pictured . dress is too large at the waist .
not for a galaxy tab , its to big .
the buttons are wiggly . you can hear them shaking around when you move the phone . it looks and feels cheap .
styles for student practice with basic cutting and styling guides .
this app doesn't work . good thing it was free . there are also no instructions to help you make it work .
bought this for a kayak trip . not a single picture that we took all in bright light was worth having .
somewhat helpful on smooth floors but her foot got stuck on rugs so we stopped using after the first day
not a lot of effort put in to this game and very easy to get thru , not challenging at all .
not worth the price . extremely bad quality paper towel . there are other good brands . waste of money . packaging was also bad .
pretty weak in all aspects slow , superficial , mediocre acting . and the plot just a few cliches put together . sad .
yuck ! waste of money . buy spry !
probably great but i purchased the wrong one and can not download it . and streaming does not work on the train !
there are weeks i don't get the weekly . it doesn't come on time like they say it is suppous too
the zemlinsky d minor symphony is his first . symphony no . in in b flat .
same problem as others . amazon offers a refund but not a comparable model . waste of time . do not buy it .
. i too gave it two stars because it is a decent umbrella that dries amazingly fast .
definitely a four star book . lots of characters in play . keeps you guessing . l think this ones worth your time .
is it art ? or is it art school ?
doesn't work on kindleneeds better controls with touchscreen . graphics good but that's about it blab blab blab . blab blabbermouth
this coffee was so bad i threw it out . it tasted stale and burnt .
to much bad language and sexual situations ! there are funny parts , but all the other stuff just turned us off .
a little too raunchy for me , john sandford tends to exaggerate the unpleasant , over does the ugly . would not recommend .
nothing you cannot find on the internet the basic ideas behind this book is games , music make your brain better .
never been able to try this , queued . tried and tried but still waiting . i think this a wast of my time , rubbish .
it wouldn't grow . fyi i have strawberries , purslane , garlic , radishes and eggplant . these grow fine , but this would not grow .
i felt confused felt it was an odd love story . when i finished it i was still left confused .
sen them back they are the marathon . not marathon and the design is different and much more narrow
flimsy , useless for anything bigger than small , soft stems . not worth the money .
the battery life sucks . if you set your phone down , the battery will shift and your phone will reset itself !
the product is not blue with a white star . it is brown with a white star . i'm unhappy about that .
i am disappointed .
title says it all . if you're a fan of smear and hate politics , you'll probably like it . not for me !
same old stuff . getting really tired of the stephanie , ranger , joe trio . getting kind of tired of hearing about trenton and i'm from new jersey
colorful flag , but did not have the fabric slip through to clip the bottom of the flag to the pole
what was i thinking when i thought something like this would work , don't buy it , its a waste of money
big disappointment ! very cheap looking , and feeling . not well put together . definitely not worth the price being asked .
unfortunately the suction cup is small and it keeps falling off my car window . i'm bummed about that !
i needed a shampoo that used no water . it does not meet my needs it does not meet my needs
it broke the first time i used it . buyer beware ! i would not recommend this product to other people . crap !
we r trying to return it but can't get a hold of the company
dropped my phone , and this didnt even protect it .
inane excuse for a story line
the worst book i have ever had to read and buy . very poorly written and a waste of a tree .
keeps falling off ipod . also interferes with screen protector , keeps making it bubble up . garbage save your money !
very small nothing like the picturescam ! beware that this does not happen to you too ! not to trust pictures
it really is not what i was looking for , but the children have found other uses for it .
and , they are , quite frankly cheap production . looks like they were made in a kids' sweat shop in afrika . gfdgsrtyhyrtshnfhnbf
stopped working right away .
complete waste of money . i don't eat that much at a single sitting so portion control is not neededthanks
same ol same ol blah rewritten book didn't like the soft porn suggestions but mainly just the same old junk
it bends when sliding . not durable . not at all durable . will never buy this product . this was the worst saucer i ever bought .
not worth the money imo . its too boring and not very challenging enough for experienced or seasoned players like myself .
it was good then it ripped so then i really didn't like the it ripped when i put it on
i have to give this bad review as the hard drive was dead on arrival .
i usually love mark walberg films but this one just sucked . crappy story line and totally unbelievable . what a shame .
it stopped in the middle of the movie , changed to another dvd and it stoopped in the same place
this product is not true to color . comes out ashy and has a pink tint to it . not worth it
this product is loaded with msg . i will never purchase it again . check out krave jerky and other healthier options
we received two right hand gloves . no left hand . otherwise they would have been great . using for clone trooper outfit .
bought this for my uncle and he said it never charged his shuffle . i tried it myself it was crap .
it really wasn't much help at all . it didn't explain anything better then the horrible book that it is for .
really like kevin james . hated the movie .
just look for another product . but if you like to waste time , like make it run . this make it extremly bad .
poor quality . smell was bad and lingered . i did not like this at all . will not be using . hot heavy
useless product . saw no change in anything . do not waste your money like i did . did i miss something ?
terrible . did not read properly . was returned money . poorly made . the ohm zero adjust did not work voltage reading wrong .
didn't work at all on my android tablet .
not much good . needs to be re enforced some way or other bends and falls apart when using to stretch
black ink cartridge i purchased left black ink lines on all my papers that was printed . not pleased at all .
does not stay in place and the prongs are so hard they hurt the top of our head .
disappointed with this app ! i expected this app to perform a service and got absolutely nothing . not worth my time .
omg . what a disappointment . this is not sudoku games . it's how to play sudoku . what a real waste of my money .
speaker never worked cord is too short to plug into a wall and tv at same time chair not comfortable
won't run on windows nothing in promo to indicate this . loved the product when it ran on previous versions .
feels great but was dead within hours of arrival . so sad , i thought it and my back were new bff's .
very disappionted , there are boxes of the cereal are all expired , totally waste my money , and non return able
i was not impressed with the quality of this game and i did not think it was appropriate for toddlers .
thin , flimsy . very poorly made . waistband doesn't have any elasticity and does not contract so the pants just fall off .
same problem as others . pairs , but won't connect on htc evo d . tired of screwing with it . sending it back today .
very easy to break only had it two days before it broke will not buy again , need another one now
this is the worst lighthouse video i have ever looked at . disappointed is the only way i can describe it .
should have read the description better . flag was smaller than i thought it was going to be . logo was stencil .
not at all good . i gave this to my nephew and it broke within day not at all satisfied
after days of use the velcro does not stick anymore .
poor design , these things are huge , and very cheaply made , would not recommend them to anyone , they look very fake .
not even tommy could save this cd . think her singing career is over . this album is over produced .
was not worth the money . he had chewed it into pieces in no time . went back to the cheap ones .
the orifice reducers and labels weren't in the package . if they had been , i would be happy with my purchase !
try something else . this is an absolute waste of money .
did not do anything
i purchased this movie from a amazon seller and right now am trying to resolve the issues i have .
i bought this for my year old grandson who loves love loves tractors and big machinery . it was enjoyable ,
got this item , worked one time , then nothing , phone will not charge or stay on keeps flashing on and off
i thought the case would be sturdy enough to hold the i pad up but it falls over all the time .
i've got the movie and everything . it's not like the movie though super good buy it it's so super good .
the chain occasionally gets caught on the arm . my water bill has gone up hundreds , because my tenants don't notice .
kinda weak . i wouldn't pay money for it . maybe download it free or find it at your local library . thanks
they are very , very weak with not much coffee taste at all . sadly , i would not recommend them to anyone !
don't like a game where i have to buy credits . i already paid for the game when i downloaded it .
shoes are handsome , but they actually suck because they always stain my shoes . wouldnt recommend it . very dessapointing from clarcks
bad screen protector
didn't like the clasp
this app is an insult to the wnba , and it's fans ! try , try again ! either update it or remove it .
very basic case don't get to excited it worth twenty cents , true color it takes for ever to recieve
this product did not work at all . it was just a sticky mess . i would not recommend this to anyone .
i cannot get local weather and that is why i bought it , but it does not give me local weather !
didn't fit , the sizing was not accurate as i wished . then they broke so i had to discard them . thank you
mel bay's fun with bugle is very basic . it is for someone with no experience at all on brass instruments .
it did not come with dc adapter i had to go buy another one for itdisappointed in my purchase
i enjoyed the story overall . i lived in michigan and brought memories of the great times i had there sigh
not near as fun as angry birds and the physics aren't as accurate . nearly impossible to operate with any finesse .
worked great for one week . now nothing . i'm going to contact the manufacturer but i would look at another product .
i am enjoying this game . it gets stuck once in awhile , but overall i am very happy with the game .
the product was very interesting but after one day of use , it did not work again . i am very disappointed .
hate it , looks like the front peice is missing , looks incomplete would never by or suggest it to anyone ever
this was a movie that started off dull and continued . very boring not worth wasting electricity on in our opinion
i was very dissapointed at the size , i thought it would of been alot bigger
i love this show . however , the dvd set for season is missing episode secret santa . the end .
i think this book would be good for smaller children like first grade and under . no one above first grade !
it looks like the picture but the buttons rip off and the faux leather peels off within a few months .
this story was stolen from an author on literotica . shame on you shania townsend or whatever your real name is .
i got this to my mother as a gift , we coud not make work did not stick on wall
boring , predictable , and just not that great . if you want some good lori wick , try her earlier stuff .
taste like its been in the bottom of grandma's purse too long . i would like to request a complete refund
one of the most boring books i have ever read . couldn't get into at any point . it was a letdown
you could get a . for less . this one is overpriced . doesn't even have an answering system !
it was not clear when i bougth it that it is an underwear , it is very diferent that expected .
they use to be better quality believe it or not . now they're just uncomfortable , useless pieces of junk . never again .
don't like this at all , wish i never bought itnot my kind of mahjong gamemost irrating game i have
it arrived broken in two and very hard to adapt to reading .
within hours of putting the cover on my phone it was already discolored and faded around the edges
cover is too small . neither the checkbook nor the register will fit inside . this cover is a waste of money !
poor quality shoe , especially for the money . i say move on and do not buy this product .
i received this item much later than expected ! it also does not work . i'm hoping its just the bulb inside .
not for me .
very cheaply made with rough edges when using it so it scratches your skin instead of massaging . save your money .
short and not so much drama ! no plot , just a quick summer read .
worked time and then never worked again . waste of money
poor . looks like toys !
straps do not stay up and have to be lifted with your toe and that is bitch to be sure
the picture does not tell you the whole truth . it has to be totally assembled . it comes in pieces .
again lousy recording . someins of this quality should not be sold even at reduces price . bad bad bad bad bad .
i have other toe socks . these i can't wear . ok for the price , but i won't wear them .
this game sucks ! the game takes your money and doesn't give you anything . i say do not get this game .
way too confusing as calculators go , and not easy to figure out . i would not recommend this app to anyone .
the comforter was much thinner than i expected . really , it is not that good of a down comforter .
it did not live up to my expectations . so disappointed . it is out dated . not worth the almost . i spent on it
this battery did not last a year . i do not reccomend it . look elasewhere .
meh . i get the theme , but the writing is pedantic and preachy . not at all like his other works .
cheap product . the display only works on one side after about one month . would not waste my money again .
too hard to program instructions are not clear . have not been able to use .
tthis product did not fit the ipod touch th generation it was loose and the buttons did not match up
does not wrk
the pattern has came off the case . we are very disappointed with the product .
i'm pretty small and i was popping out of this .
although this is a cute product , it broke on its first flight ! my husband was heartbroken and i was embarrassed !
the earrings do not look as nice as the picture posted ! i was extremely disappointed when i opened the package .
we couldn't watch it on android . samsung galaxy tab , we tried to it several times still with no luck .
i read the st book , it was good and want to continue reading the series . is very entertaining . starting .
although the color is great , the quality is awful . please do not waste your money . it is not worth it .
it was too long n the sleeve and shoulders , had to reorder a medium and it fits ok
it's the exact same project in different configurations . i expected different projects and styles . i'll be getting a refund .
the letters didn't match up when i turned on the keyboard light . but the outside case is nice . good price !
it works , but one of the screws is shorter than the other which causes it to be loose . not fun .
il mobile e arrivato a me con numerosi ammaccature e grafiature nello schermo . funziona perfettamente . ho dovuto comprare il cover frontale nuovo
stupid stupid stupid . one star given because zero stars isn't an option unfortunately . yadda yadda yadda zipidy do da day .
doesn't work at all
worked for about seconds and bulb flashed , nothing revived it . cheap and well worth use as a door stop
cheap , plastic , blah . returned the day i received it .
i had to return these sunglasses . they did not fit my face at all . i was extremely disappointed with them .
it's ok just a little to big not how it expected it to look maybe on me but it's ok .
this is very annoying you get the basket and nothing to connect it to your bike . dumb !
i just bought this mp and my loptop does not play , only says that is a problem , i'm very sad .
it looks really nice e but the sapphire come out days later . my wife did like the design though .
not what i expected plan on returning it
broke days after i got it . i expected to at least last weeks ! they need more variety please !
doesn't really do a good job kind of messy to use you get what you pay for
these shoes literally feel like someone is smashing your feet with a hammer . i will never buy lacoste shoes again .
not very flavorable . threw it away . husband bought it for me for v day . maybe he will do better next year .
the parts of the harp are all too far apart so there is almos no twang when you use it
pretty lame game and it wants to open network sockets and broadcast sticky intents . i'll delete this one . burma shave .
okay but not good for my tummy as i have some health issues
do u want to spend all that money on that i dont . hope it was usefull not cheap not cheap
doesn't fit . waste of . cost too much to send back . bought and none of them fit my new phone .
very predictable plot and cardboard characters . pleasant story but if one is seeking knowledge it is suggested to look elsewhere .
it never stuck on the home button . it would fall off after having it on for less than a day
this design is very cute , but doesn't fit iphones very well at all . it constantly falls off , and is frustrating .
i like the size of the device but the photo quality did not meet my expectations . the pictures were blurry .
so , i do not know if it is any good or not . i am using the chrome browser on linux .
this is bull , don't bother purchasing it . it isn't worth even one penny . don't do it . don't bother . this is crap
order pop corn with all this cheese .
disappointing . glossy pictures of unoriginal designs . many selected plants would not survive in limited interior lighting .
did not work
very cheap . did not even last the repair . will not purchase this product again . will look closer to home to buy
didn't care for this one as it only shows address you type in not much else .
just takes up space now . this doesn't really make folding any faster . not what i had hoped it would be .
i got this for christmas and its pretty but all of the gems fall off ! dont buy this ipod case !
front piece was broken and wouldn't stay on the phone . purchased another one from a different provider and was perfect .
i bought it to remove chin hairs . i didnt realize the size will not allow that . should send it back .
the material is too course and hot .
the features which do not work as advertised . you would think a name like swingline would put out a credible product .
i got this years ago and tried to use it in win with my bt headphones . it does not work .
this looked interesting at first , but it was very slow to load and then crashed repeatedly after the first screen .
have never received the shirt . i ordered tennis shirt tennis shorts . you mailed me tennis shorts instead .
i recieved an empty big packege . there is nothing inside wtf . i am so disappointed . i want my money back .
it's tim . its good but could be better . would i buy it again ? probably not .
the tension on the trius was good for the first pulls and then not so good through out the day .
this will not work without the desktop app . and the desktop app has monthly usage fee . do not get this app !
i really could not believe that there is who care more fame than there safety . no one is that crazy .
product did not fit my guitarthe product is of no use to me what a ripoff this was never again
could not watch . the movie kept starting , and then not play at all . not able to rate this movie now
the tea tastes authentic but bitter ! definitely not for on the go if you like sweet tea like me !
hithe jacket was too small even though we ordered a largeoh wellthe quality was not that good eitherbut .
these dog biscuits mold turn out a perfect biscuit . just the proper size . fin and o'malley love them . thank you
even though they are a small medium they are to large for a small woman . they are really bulky and uncomfortable .
would not charge my c . tried it in my volvo and another vehicle . don't waste your money on this port .
wrong size
was hoping it was more than it was , not written very well , seemed not to flow as a read .
i think i got to use this maybe a handful of times before it stopped working . very flimsy and cheap !
this ripped within the first week my son brought it to school . it does not close well at he top .
this book was written on an elementary level . it was too simplistic . i had high hopes , but i was disappointed .
paid something . found the exact same one at the dollar store for ! dont waste your money ! flimsy and unimpressive . cheap
why is this so expensive ? what a rip off . who are you trying to fool ? good grief , amazon ! . ? repulsive
this adapter does not work with a ipod mounted stereo , a ipod usb cord , or a aftermarket ipod usb cord .
a little puzzling when several of the restaurants are only on the east coast and we've never heard of them .
this thing is too difficult to use , and too messy . not worth the money or the effort to use it .
this shirt was supposed to be a , it's more like a ! not ordering this brand ever again !
i ordered and one of them stop working the second day , the light was very low , i am disapointed
package got broken in transit . glad it did . smelled like cloves and stale baby powder . do not reccomend to anyone .
spray not half as good as the product it replaced . need to find another better product for my hair .
didn't really sound like ac dc to me
unfortunately , you get what you pay for . i should have dropped the extra couple bucks for a name brand battery .
unfortunately they pop off for me . wanted to love them . but they are fussy to use .
this item , did not work . it should be made of metal , not plastic . don't waste your money .
great while it lasted one went out almost weeks of having them but when it was working they rocked
not as advertised . there was only one in the package when it arrived . should be more clear in the posting online .
it won't give you weight in lbs . only kilograms . i went back to my old scale . don't recommend this scale all .
the story is told in dialogue . i found it impossible to figure out what was supposed to be going on
didn't have anything worth looking at more than once . i'm going to remove this app . waste of space . not impressive .
one of the few asimov stories i could not get into . nowhere neat the standard set in his other vooks
did not like this .
this phone never worked
didn't work out of the box . sent it back . i don't know if it was hurt in shipping or what .
i was terribly disapointed ! read fanfic bad fanfic before you buy this book .
bristles are too hard for a medium bristle and is not something that i will use . went to the trash .
the case does not fit the phone it's the wrong size and it was broken . i want my money back ,
one issue after another . now despite every troubleshooting recommendation i can find , will not feed paper properly . do not buy .
this book wasn't at all what i like . it was completely jumpy and very slow . i couldn't even finish it .
one of the worse movies i've seen . i turned it off after shout minutes . such a waste of time .
just could not get into it . as a reacher fan i felt cheated . i did not care for writing style .
if you want kitch , buy this record . if you want quality brazilian jazz , get quot elis and tom quot .
the sermon is fine . the actual product cuts in and out . it staggers and put the speaker in slow motion
i did not even try to play this game as the cards were too small to see on my tablet .
item broke two weeks after the return period expired . pretty shoddy craftsmanship .
does not download asking for a refund !
they were very beautiful , but all broke within one week of use . i would like my money back if possible .
guess i got fooled expecting a little more from reese witherspoon . the humor is moronic . i couldn't finish watching it .
i thought this was spider solitare game for my kindle reader did not know when ordering that it was a book useless
i bought these produt for my mother and it broke within weeks quality too poor .
i saw no results and no benefit to this product .
i read every page of the written text until there were no pages left to read and then i finished
it did not fit tight so u have to hold it to get any charge too small waste of
way too small . the material is rough . was expecting a soft warm knit . will be giving away . three more words
this is one of those gifts where grandma missed the mark . colorful and sturdy , but it's boring and it stands unused .
item came with an instruction sheet . unfortunately i don't read chinese .
waste of time . i was expecting a beatle experience , instead i got duped . absolute lackluster .
get the amazon fire tv , its better .
would like to change the size
this product is very poor quality . wood finish in some places was just horrible . would not recommend to anyone .
i fit into a large tee shirt , normal bra size c
it is very easy to erase because there is very little color in the magic markers . this is a dud .
light for a card guardstamp is rough and metal not the best . the only good thing is its the cowboys .
i dont like it ! its not stableit goes on and off all the time .
i ordered twice , and both products did not charge or work according to the instructions .
does not fit described weapon . did not state that it was for p with side mag release . mine has bottom mag release
can not use item at all . the top of the can is broken and it won't spray . disappointed in purchase
i know it was used , but it's really in a very bad shape
not powerful enough . no where near a regular v like a dewalt or hilti . a a a a a a
decent novelty flag . outdoors , it is too light and will constantly get wrapped around the flag pole in light wind .
big disappointment . was expecting to read the mentioned archives , not the history of the articles movements . felt the discription was misleading
did not perform well . wrong times shown for shows . very slow so i uninstalled ! would not reccomend until they fix
lot of issues with the library in aurduino ! , finnaly i got it work with a code i grab from internet . g
tried cutting an steel wire cable , but the head was damaged a little . but that's what you get for .
product came as promised . in good condition . this will be a christmas gift for my musical teenage grandson
case is thin and flimsy , doesn't seem like it would be very protective and it was scratched . i returned it .
not good .
the cables snapped . terrible quality . never ever trust this brand awful . took forever to ship like months . wouldnt reccomend it
the products are fine but the bundle is horrbly priced . walmart will do you better .
would not download to my kindle fire ! i tried several times . i wouldn't suggest for a friend to get it .
protects my phone and i don't worry about little jars to it . also attractive and easy to clean . alice takahashi
one word junk . don't waste your money on this crap . cheap made . unable to sharpen . just not worth the money
bought this for my wife . it was pretty much riding a stationary bike and seeing someone else actually get somewhere .
gun is bulky with no rails or sights . it quit cycling bbs after just a few days . it's going back .
arrived damaged and it is very cheaply made . nothing like picture .
very poor and the color is not black at all . i want to trash in this boots . feel so bad .
horrible
ordered olay body firming reviver body lotion ! i used firming reviver for years ! not sure if this is the same .
or , would make a great book for people just learning english . and dick and jane is too advanced for them .
these shoes are very narrow . they were so uncomfortable my husband could not stand to walk ft in them .
i didn't know this dvd wouldn't work in usa , so i'll be returning this item as soon as possible . chrystina
it just looks taky and it doesn't even stick on , i didn't even keep it on for a whole day .
have no clue
was missing one of the pieces to produce fine work and put the tool for cutting the tips was broken
bout this for my wife to loose some weight but she only lost lbs since we bought this item .
difficult to put on . leave air bubel not possibel to remove cemplitely . not a good product . back to the drowing board
it is a low budget and awkward video series . i think the costumes were authentic but the flow was weak .
i thank that was the best book ever . it was ok book but i would like because of win dixie better .
justa biscuit an expensive biscuit you decide how wholesome it is and if its worth the
i always buy calvin kliein products and get complements . this is some nasty stuff il never buy this again , get euphoria !
the digitizer was defective did not work at all
one side is blank . thin plastic . it sucks . do not buy it . not worth the money , that is for sure .
no useable information i dont understand why this is for sale on amazon . first review is too kind
cannot burn files to cd or dvd . i am returning the item . better to spend more on a name brand !
these shoes in golf were cheap looking and flimsy . not what i expected so i returned them the next day .
we have a new one . the water runs right out of it . it is going back to the store fast
horrible
only a couple of the stories were of interest to me . i will not likely get another set after this .
product does not fit samsung galaxy tab . as advertised . it doesn't even come close to fitting it either . trash
one more pretentious exercise in pointlessness . don't bother , unless your cinematic sensibilities never exceeded the nihilism of an adolescent .
i thought it would be better . it seemed a little to out there i wished it was thought out better
kids were not crazy over new flavors . stick with regular peeps !
do not last
the item came just as pictured except it was a reddish maroon color instead of black . not my favorite color !
you get what you pay for . very poor quality mouse , doesn't work on many surfaceslooks good but thats about it
this book is nothing like the omni diet . some of it was con fussing and not true to the facts .
music sucks because there is no real value to music . only thing about music is people get brainwashed . no mi
it was the wrong kind for my tablet , it looked like it would have fit an ipad not an hp .
can't find a cup that works with it . probably not with the .
the back of the shoe hurt because it comes up too high . also , it shows your toe outline .
these are hard and do not fizz . more like overpriced sweet tarts , cool packaging though . would not purchase ever again .
i hate this book , i would never order a book of this caliber ever again , i am sorry to say
doesn't work .
the bulbs are not of same length . only out of actually fit into the lamp .
was not warned that my comments would be published . did not expect , nor want , them to be . want them deleted .
was very disappointed with the lanterns , they did not open nicely , they were concaved and ripped easily , would not recommend
rape off , lousy and it is not for educational , it is very much like watching adult video . just bad experience !
was great while it worked stopped working after used times must have just gotten a defective one lucky me
to small for food such as eggs and pancakes , handles are make of plastic , takes food to long to cook ! don't buy
the clips that hold it to the sliding part , keep breaking off , not good for this kind of phone .
overrated and overhyped . i also suspect some of the amazon reviews have been posted by sock puppets .
simple minded narcissistic drivel .
it was ok but maybe im getting old i liked the original better
not as shown ! replica ! not like ! not pandora genuine and you sell it like it . very upset with the purchase .
got it in the mail , put it in the gamecube . doesn't work . wants to be formatted , but formatting fails . bleh .
stupid buy . what was i thinking . must make better choices on amazon for quick fixes . duh read a book or rake the leaves
small safe discreet , not very good quality , value for money is ok , i recommend to put object of little value
doesn't fit . waste of time and money . now our production printer is down . i won't be buying from here again .
i was disappointed that i only received the insert for this pan . the picture shows both pans .
the shirt is nice but not long enough to cover and im not that big next time use bigger shirts
kind if cheap and over priced .
the pictures pieces froze up .
wasn't what i thought it would be . directions were difficult to follow . i finally gave up . couldn't use it . sorry
this was not a peacefully calming product for me . it just made me feel a little blue . won't purchase again .
with this purchase there are no instructions and one of the parts is bent that is why i dislike product
always stop working
kids didn't like it neither did i . didn't always work well . we will be avoiding apps like this for now .
your sizes are running to small i wanted x got something too small i try them on but to small
after playing bloons on any ios device who would want to play this ? wish i could get my money back .
just too violent creepy for me thought i could watch it , but wasn't my cup of tea . rating was appropriate
this product was quite a dissapointment . audio is poor , lots of static . bluetooth shuts off by itself . waste of money .
terribly . no where near what the trailers lead you to beleive .
impossible to use locks up my kindel and can't remove it ! do not recommend anyone download this game program .
i don't care for the material and it runs small .
terrible ! the item i received was burn lose money on that dont buy this brand very very bad big heavy
ordered soft seat or thought i did . returned for soft
i did not like this item , i thought it was going to be a book but was only a pamphlet .
poor low res pictures and a few recorded sounds . not worth the money given the sophisticated apps available for . .
very hard to figure out . all sorts of weird stuff on it . not very helpful for a coupon persons requirements . too bad
disappointed with the packaging , small bags with no lego label . one piece looks like it doesn't belong with buzz lightyear .
very dim , underpowered bore sight . even at night this laser was hard to see . also it doesn't chamber very well .
i can't believe it broke within one month ! it doesn't feel good as i would imagined , and it gets dirty easily .
lids were received , but only boxes were received . if i need more boxes , i will purchase them locally .

good looking boot , but ordered half a size bigger due to all the reviews , and they were way to big !
these things never work . they do not charge my iphones or ipods . i would not recommend these products to anyone .
short , sweet and to the point it didn't work .
it did not power on and the audio made a humthe power supply and unit got very warmreturned for refund
don't get it there jokes suck trust me its stupid i mean really give me some good jokes really omg
i didn't like this book went out of my reading zone and i'm not impressed by the author !
for those who don't understand the christian bible , you will be lost for much of the movie .
i love the movie , but tv cropped version sucks . it is only slightly better than not watching movie at all .
not easy to apply to phonestretches , making alignment impossiblesticky plastic feel , making tapping and swiping difficultdo not recomend
no sound throughput ! will not fit with most phone cases ! completely useless for dock connection ! waste of
said it came with etext and did not ! not happy
it broke in less than week of use .
toners made printouts striped where they were not depositing ink on photo paper . cleaned and issues were still not fixed
ordered x large shirt is marked x large . shirt is more like medium size . material looks good as does workmanship .
never finished it ! lost interest
and showed us a young adama , just getting his wings . this prequel is garbage !
the guide tape is useless . the white seeps throughout every time ruining the nail . and the tip chips next day .
the vm just up and died after i plugged the charger into it . the unit was about months old .
it did not even fit the phone right , kept popping off the phone it was to tight for the phone .
magnet doesn't really work . problem lies with gelish not the seller
does not handle too much weight .
the cat had an electrical short and the plastic was melting . the light only lasted for minutes . very dangerous !
the package was defective the solution had spilled inside package . i wasn't even able to try it . save your money
bought two four packs of these lights and only one of the first pack worked . i sent them both back !
product was cracked . a really upset about that but overall not bad for the price . just wish the plastic wasn't cracked .
this does not attach anywhere to the camera and does not charge the batteries used in this camcorder . not usable .
i opened the game and ad after ad popped up , i tried to restart it but that didn't do anything
i love british video , but this one was very slow , very stilted , very boring and a waste of my money
faded within a month of being in my front yard .
a very difficult album . i think that it is beyond my understanding . i think that some people might like it .
bubbles on the screen . i installed it as directed but the bubbles don't go away . wouldn't advise getting this product .
the adapter works , fits and charges . however , it gets alarmingly hot . i worry about fire hazard and monitor it closely .
things still don't appear like the voice records , can't save pictures , it lacks potential for sureoh wellenough said
after purchasing the three wolf moon t shirt for my boyfriend just yesterday , i have already gotten pregnant , times . bad buy .
bought it for my wife . she always complains because people say they've missed must of the talk !
this charger never charges my phone battery all the way and it takes a long time to charge ! don't buy .
although author is indian and my class mate , yet it seems he has forgotten indian scenario . not very good write . dr . bharti
i thought the book would have more material that i could use with preteens .
cheap chinese production . with a butler creek logo i expected more than this . buy at your own risk . buy american .
horrible . madonna's good , this isn't . get something by the real deal instead .
dear future purchasers i paid basically for a flimsy page bookdont buy this book ! very disappointedly , twillis
not really a scrubbing type cloth . would prefer to see them make one with morescrubbing power . okay for lightly soiled floors
neutral , not ordering it agaiin thankyou
maybe good if you simply need a new set of insoles for your ski boots . very weak support . nothing special .
i bought for christmas and design on case is already peeling off back . very cheaply made ! returning very soon !
it is way too smalli waisted my time and money on this product . their size is way off . hate it
my tablet requires a mini usb cable but the keyboard has a usb cable and i cannot use the device .
doesn't hold a charge no longer than minutes if that and wasn't worth the . i spent .
sucked ! it was not what the description described it to be ! i would never buy this product ever again ! really .
the cable didn't work out at all . surely a rare case but i still feel i should leave feedback nonetheless .
the range is bad !
did not work for me . bass sound was diminished very drastically . i would not recommend these based on my experience .
all i would get were lines on the screen i hope others have much better luck with this product .
it was not even worth the i paid for this because it broke within an hour .
looks great in the front face but is loose in the buttocks . it does not fit my body , too bad .
connected hdmi to source dvd player and the vga cable to output projector and it gave me a no signal .
that green is a little more darker in color . its got an itchy fit too . wouldn't recommend it to anyone
this plastic mat stinks of poison chemicals , don't bother buying it . go to a local staplesand buy one there .
cant clean the fabric gets all linting and just poor quality only thing good about this mate is the cushion
cheap in price and much cheaper in quality is all i have to say . is poor in looks and feel .
nothing helpful in this book . instead i am reading gail sheehy's book , passages for caregivers . so helpful and wonderfully written .
constantly braking but my son enjoyed it for the few hours they lasted .
these are over the calf socks , despite the fact that the listing never once mentions this . this is extremely frustrating .
while they provide great insulation , they are not easy to take on and off and the double lining is cumbersome .
order both at same time bever received this devicde an if its like the other wont fit the droid maxx
repetitive and in need of some serious editing . there are some very hot scenes , but a few were just gross .
tried it with two different p hdmi displays failed on both of them . wavy lines , static , no audio .
i expected the skull head to be gold in color as shown and it was not it was all clear
the first time i tried using a cd in it it quite working after about minutes .
leaves film streaks on the quarry tile use less than manufacturer recommends . i haven't tried the grout cleaning product yet .
looks nice but the candle holders are too small for led candles i purchased . i had to use duct tape
this was not the item that i wanted !
please don't waste your money . bought them for our trip to europe . huge mistake . save yourself the expense and trouble .
i bought this coffee month ago . but it doesnot taste good at all comparing to peet's blue mountain coffee .
i recieved the wrong book . i recieved an older book . sorry , but that's what happen . amzon send the wrong book .
i bought two of these purses , each a different pattern . this one shown smells heavily of moth balls . very dissapointing !
this replaces my old one which died after months . old one only works in docking station . battery dead .
very limited in scope , the title says it all . a good conversation piece for those who desire that lifestyle .
these were purchased based upon the ones that were bought at the store but are not near as sharp .
pill box way to small and cost way to much for what you get .
don't waste your time . i expected more . had some humor and dark tarantino style to it but overall was disappointing .
bad design . poor construction . throw it away . not enough threads to pull the device through a potato or carrot . bah .
i like to see the radar and none of the buttons are visible . i am on a kindle fire he
was bought for a friend and did not meet expectations . i can't recommend this to anyone , especially for the price .
my daughter doesn't like it . it shoud be more appealing to toddlers and language learners . adding more options could improve it .
the bad grammar editing and irelevent anecdotes outweigh any good parts of this book .
order a size up no matter what these reviews say . these run a size smaller . material is kinda scratchy too .
absolutely horrible . movie simply falls short on it's potential . really notable actors , but bad acting and a sub par storyline .
not good compared to other brand i also ordered . also , they poked thru the paper bag they where shipped in .
was the wrong region so can not be viewed in australia . i'm not sure was my error . very disappointed . argh
unusual story not my taste . left me hanging .
not such a great product at a high price . my cats wouldn't eat the stuff and my wallet wasn't pleased either .
never received it ! nd notice i would give it stars if permitted ! what's the hold up in your response ?
if you know a bit about geology it is very interesting , however , if you don't it is low on plot .
makes my dogs stomach hurt . the others kinds seem better . won't be making the same mistake twice that's for sure .
fabric is very cheap and frays . the little pieces of fabric that hold the curtains back do not really work .
but being boring is . prager is dull .
this towel didn't work at allit doesn't get any cooler than a regular towelsorry i don't recommend this at all
the app keeps closing when trying to read articles . they also need to get rid of the insiders restrictions too .
looks nothing like the photo , the chain is barely visable to the naked eye . this item was returned by me .
one slipper larger than the other . product was returned forf a complete refund . also the size ran larger than expected .
boring
smaller than it looks like in this picture . no taste any at all . i would not recommend you about this
you get what u pay for . it worked for about twenty minutes then it started shorting in and out . now nothing
i didn't like it as i am not a big fan of duct tape but wanted to look at this
although this is a powerful product , it seems very cheap and also makes lots of noise . not very sexy .
poor contrast on some of the screens led to erroneous quot steps quot . i will remove this version and try another one .
hair shows through a lot ! and made the head sweat , just aweful
this looks cool in picture but the real one is ugly , very ugly
had it for two days and the screen was frozen , wouldn't turn on , and it wouldn't charge never buying again .
biggest piece of junk i have ever purchased on amazon . nothing more than an overpriced , glorified roach clip . do not buy !
i hate these i worse them once and never again ! they fit the foot but rub in between the toes .
not as good as it's hyped up to be , mr is way better and will be going back to it .
simply not photochromatic as advertised , very disappointing . nice to wear but i wanted something for cycling from dark to sunrise .
doesn't fit the iphone c , the case is way too small and it doesn't line up with the side buttons
do not buy or download this app for free it is a waste of time and will drive you crazy !
sorry for my english . i'm very angryup to now i've not received again my order . why ? enrico righelli
descriton does not match the item recived was very disaponted . not happy wish had a better product as described
i got the wrong book , i paid for the page version ! this one has half that i want my book
if i get this game for pc on a disc do i have to make a uplay accountplease help
did not fit . . pure crap
i observed no changes by taking this supplement . i guess that means no side effects . i do not recommend this supplement .
this is a pretty bad product . whatever the manufacturer intended , taste was not a priority .
there is none . if you ever need to get info or a replacement part . good luck .
i had purchase this product about weeks ago and i'm still having some probalems with reg it !
this is got to be the most ignorant book i have ever read ! she's just like rush limball .
just a reason to see boobs and action without much plot .
it cracked the first day putting it on . would not buy one again . this was a gift for my daughter .
this is a whole bunch of worthless nothingness . don't buy it . it doesn't tell you anything you'll be disappointed .
silly me . ingredients flour , baking powder , sugar . the microscopic type on the label says just add canned sweet potatoes . sigh
if i could give it a zero , that would have more adequately described my opinion of this movie . don't bother .
wore them for month , that's it ! usually i buy shoes and wear them long time , not these ! not reccomended
the quality of the book wasn't good . i compared it with another version of this book .
i got the book but never received the deck . so what good is the book without the deck ? i don't know . lol
just a bland story without any suspense and not much of a storyline . one of the worst he's ever written .
amazon , again why won't you post my review ? terrible blu ray transfer of a good movie .
don't purchase this product . pay more for the actual product . this did very little in the way of bowel movements .
might be fun if it worked ! it quits working most every time i try to play any of the games .
we stopped watching before the pilot episode was over . there were too many confusing characters and far too many flashbacks .
overpriced . pathetic number of seeds and soil for the money . only produced a few clovers .
horrible quality the material is flimsy . they instantly broke . i would not recommend not even for a blanket or towel .
very disappointed . barely any light output and transformer is not even powerful enough for the entire light kit .
leaked immediately . threw it in the trash the next day . don't waste your money with this product or this company .
some of the pods broke open and the coffee package was a mess inside and grounds got in the coffee
i thought i was getting a good deal but this is poorly contrcucted and it fried my external harddrive .
cooking a calf's head ? ugh ! i think i'll pass . someone please tell me people didn't actually eat that in .
poor quality . not working less than a year . it got ripped off shortly and you cansee wire inside the cord .
tape is not very sticky , lacking adhesive , the tape does not stick even with skin prep , perhaps it is old ? .
not what i was expecting . i was expecting buttons that would stick on existing buttons to make them be more prominent .
there was a delay in shipping then a notice that it isn't available , unappreciated .
it crashes about every other time i open would be awesome if it fixed the crashing . so annoying fix plz
very small for a mans watch , pic is very decieving looking , more for a kid or woman , sending it back .
i rated it so poorly , because i can't determine how to use it ! more instructions please for the technology challenged !
interesting story we have heard before . annoyingly written , and really needs editing . inaccuracies regarding certain facts related to holocaust .
i like and dislike this case . it is very good but it doesn't protect the screen , which is a bummer .
i noticed that there was a label for another formula underneath the earth's best label ! buyer beware ! check the label s !
not as pictured , dark heel is at chusion , no space between th two . dark shows above shoe heel top when worn .
did not say it wouldn't work for the iphone . if you have an iphone do not buy this !
shirt is very thin and not flattering at all . color is nice , could probably wear it as a layering piece .
looks great . band is very cheaply made . fell apart on day .
incorrect product description and false advertising this hood does not fit my canon ef mm f . . usm lens . quite displeased
they really are comfortable at first , but after about weeks they began to tear up . not worth the money .
seemed just a bit cramped and was afraid of my toes rubbing too much against the tips of the shoes .
haven't got this item to work yet , but hoping to have the problem resolved soon . definitely needs better directions included
not really happy with the product . the numbers are not very big . and they don't stick very well onto the wall .
our blender has started to leak . is is something we are doing wrong or is this a defect ?
my title says it all , don't waste your money .
really doesn't do anything . if it's tight enough to even impact posture , you're losing circulation . it's a waste of .
does not work with my macbook . the white one . . . . . . . . . . . . .
this whole series was really bad , it was boring and slow not a whole lotta action here bubs .
product sucked the moisture from my hair . hair was left horribly dry and frizzy . will not purchase again . thank you
i had to stop reading after the third chapter because i couldn't get past the poor plot and unlikable characters .
s oacute lo explica ampliamente como son las etapas del sue ntilde o de las personas y de los beb eacute s . no ense ntilde a nada uacute til .
space between racks is not adequate . i have a very difficult time get spices in and out . quality is great .
i cant say if its a good game since i still dont have it
damaged when received , tried to return this several times with no luck wind upthrowing it out your return policy sucks
the barkays are my favorite funk band . i got this cd today it is nice but not a live cd .
very little information . same video as on the website for free .
used this product for weeks and it broke , it is now not usable . would not recommend it . very much disappointed .
broken after time used
its alright its really slow at charging but if you leave it over night charging its good for you
one of in the series that i probably wouldn't have bought if viewed beforehand
used this wheel for min and broke . this was a waste of money . use a buffer and save your cash
did not fit as described .
what can i say ? it is junk . i went and bought an otter box instead . i am happy with it .
see above . awful , terrible , inane , vacuous , and finally worthless . actually worse than worthless , it is a waste of your time .
item was shipped broken . would not recommend . but amazon's return policy was quick and painless .
randomly turns off . not a great feature for a baby monitor . screen was also difficult to read at most angles .
it was small i had to squeeze really hard did a drop to come out and it didn't even work .
it looks awsome but fell apart in less than a month
not a good flick . sone good action but overall just didn't do anything for me .
this thing didnt even last a month . the rollers stopped working . dont waste your money on this product , believe me .
this is highly overpriced . find a light fixture in person before you buy this one . restocking fee !
i like the design but the colors are not as bright as the picture they are showing . the colors look faded
poor quality construction , failed on the first usage . do not recommend this item . very disappointed with quality of build .
this is like something cheap from a cracker jack box . not worth cents . of course not returnable . don't bother !
i did not like it at all ones i starting doing a different kind of puzzle that i like more
these jeans run very small . make sure you order them to sizes larger than you normally wear .
way under sized ! xx was really a small . material was thin and cheap . buttons were hard to unbutton and button up
battery did not perform as expected and very short lifetime . battery would not hold charge for any period of time
this app never worked for my year old . she loves the show and was super bummed ! kindle fire hd
the batteries don't fit correctly in the charger . you have to play with their position to get them to charge .
these speakers make the same irritating crackling noise that bad am radio does . annoying !
don't like the smell of this cream other than that it probably works ok . i would not purchase it again .
very flimsey . made of soft pine , needs to be constructed of hard wood so it wouldn't brake . also it's non adjustable .
this is sucks iphone screen protect , hard to part on , suck look . omg it is bad product , dont buy it !
broke in a week sending for refund
didn't like this book dragged too much and i'm a fan focused on too many things at the same time
didn't do anything for my skin .
poster discount did not send me the x door poster , only a much smaller wall poster .
this faucet only has cold water . the description should have been more clear . i returned it and bought another one .
product is great . however the leather came with small spots . product is great . however the leather came with small spots .
this globe didn't fit my light fixture . make sure you check the deminsions . i thought it was standard fitting globe
the charger is charging hours later than the original one . usb cable is not working . car charger is not bad .
this item fell apart . stitching a top did not stay together . i cannot even try and stitch it back together .
quilt does not fit on king size bed . it is to small . king size quilt would fit queen size better .
i'm dissapointed in this product because they were the wrong color . i ordered grey feathers but they are pink feathers .
they are ok i guess . but they are the thickness of cheap copy paper . i'll look for something more professional .
one of the bottles was cracked . its a great oil but there was oil all on my floor .
it's too big
bought it for a wedding present , but at least one of the cups was broken so i sent it back .
the price was excellent but it was not compatible to our nook hd . it actually worked with my android phone .
the left side is crooked , they are too noticeable to wear , very disappointing . was bought for a gift for husband .
boring and more boring and more boring . what can i say ? it is boring . where is the fun in this ?
this sheet is as thin as a sheet of notebook paper . and if feels like you are sleeping on sandpaper .
there was no screen protection , very disappointed .
this sharpener just doesn't do a great job . it seems dull or not narrow enough . i do not recommend .
hard to place phone in or out of pouch . not useable . will not purchase again . construction is not good quality
boring . i was hoping for some catchier tunes . my son was not interested in the music and neither was i .
awful . horrible . inaccurate . if you want a good world war read stick with jacqueline winspear or pat barker .
much smaller than anticipated . but do like the quality and design .
it is not fully loaded , as you wrote . there for i have to buy microsoft office and some other soft .
picture and reviews show entire vehicle , description very poorly reflects that this is only the cover of the vehicle .
not worth the money . expected to see the old spinners . very disappointed with this dvd and would not recommend it .
i do not know where this is . ordered two months and still no answer from supplier . tried tracking to no avail .
there has to admitted that it's a tracfone , it means that it's not working and is blocked for other states .
obnoxious to use , cracked after one or two drops , i was glad to take it off and throw it away .
seemed promising , but took a silly turn and funny ending .
i thought it would be more than it was . very cliche ridden . i would not recommend this book to anyone .
received item as stated but it was not worth it . the screen cover was already pealing off two weeks later .
i do not much like the counter intuitive way the lever to fasten the tip to the bike tire works .
the jewel screwdrivers blades broke . could not remove the screws that i needed to remove . would not recomend .
does not work with snow on the ground , the tires will not move and then the salt is not distributed .
the cap of the thermos funtainer bottle cant close because its broken what should i do ? i cant sent it back .
worthless . did nothing it said it would . waste of money
its not what i thought it would be . the game doesn't have enough hints etc . i'm thinking about deleting it .
no help at all it only teaches about bound books . how dio i return for a rfund ? please provide information
this core is only for nd gen tjs through . if you have through it will not fit .
never could get things to work . now with good will .
the mouse does not glide over the mouse pad easily . we are not using them and will return to company .
this book was highly academic , barely practical and ill fitting to my intentions for buying it . disappointed .
superficial recall of life events without depth or substance . hightlights heard in interviews promoting the book were the most interesting
very cheap . fell apart when taking it out of package . when light is on , i illuminates green , not white .
scifi channel movie . it's what you'd expect . only worse . the monster is hilariously low budget and the romantic tension is laughable .
frothy and quick , but quite predictable . read this for an escape . there is nothing thought provoking here . a good beach read .
very predictable romance story boy girl meet , fall in love , almost break up , then work things out .
my red band pulled apart from the light bar after the st week of wear .
i will have to experiment with the mix . i guess you get used to the taste !
shoe rack has collapsed in less than months . was excited to be able to hold pairs . but fail !
the first few bags had a great taste . then they did not have any flavor . they all tasted the same .
do not purchase this if you have a screen protector installed . it picks up the edges and peeled them off .
it arrived broken
didn't fit the samsung galaxy s sellers were very rude
we had to return the tv b c of a persistent buzzing humming sound . we tried everything to troubleshoot , but nothing worked .
the iguana i received had a broken leg so it never crawled right and it is not vey real looking .
totally cheap plastic lens that you will get ill looking through for more than a second with eyes !
not shooting wateri have bought all has the same problem , my kids are crying !
i feel it's really hard for me to plug in to the cell port , it is not that much user freindly .
they broke real easy . they wasnt not good qauilty . the jews fall out very easy . they turned my nose green
hii ordered these books and paid for them but still have not received themlyn bos
too slow and complicated not entertaining for me at all . love strategy games but not this graphics are poor and very outdated .
this book does not guide much ! i do not like it at all , shouldn't have bought it . do not buy this .
this product melted . it got too hot and decided to melt by the ear piece . not happy with the product .
waited all this time for the new live and was not to impressed . gonna stick with k from now on .
product not worth the plastic it's made with . broke the first time i used it it broke cannot be fixed .
these are like a foggy plastic that you can't even see through or even stays attached to your screen . horrible !
it was cool , but after two hours of playing with it , it broke open and started oozing . waste of money .
only had a couple bucks and needed another controller . should have saved my money . don't recommend this controller to anyone
i think that the controls were too hard . yes it is just tilting but it was really shakey and jerky .
the backpack broke within one week . i wish i could get a refund . wasnt worth the ten bucks at all .
cover does not stay on phone keeps popping off and one of the clips was broken off
it didn't fit the apple connector ! i was disappointed ! it was a lot bigger than the apple connector ! too bad !
too short obviously for a really small head or kid . no bueno , not recomended but to each their own i guess
this game gives you a refresher course in us history . think you know your past natonal leaders ? checkout this game !
deleted it after ten minutes . the game is boring wasn't what i thought it was . wasted my time . dont download !
the book did not come with the cd . couldn't use for the course w o the cd .
need to make roller coasters easier to buy so that everyone at least coaster from the start of the game .
i assumed that remastered meant colored , like the picture on the front . no so , apparently , it's still black and white .
i was hoping it would give me the umph i needed , but after bottle , it did nothing to help .
the product hace scrashes all over , and look like it have been use before . i was expecting more
cheap junk , went up in smoke when first plugged in . this is a fire hazard . should be removed from amazon
the grip tape holes were misplaced , and it easily folds , rips , or comes off . horrible product . buy something else for your sake .
i wasn't expecting much from this frame , but this a really really cheap frame . very annoyingruns a bit small
this did not work in my mazda . i wound up throwing it in the recycle bin .
it really wasn't very good . hokey plot and pretty boring .
never wore this item . quality was poor . did not like the fit either . would not buy again . don't waste your money
they have saved me countless times from breaking my lens . very useful for on the go point and shoot situations .
this is useful if you want to know more information about then factions , other then that it's unnecessary to get .
do any of these really work . try and anti inflammatory first
i did not think this worked well with pancakes or eggs ! the batter ran underneath as well as the eggs .
flimsy . the lace comes off really easily and quickly . i had it for one day and the lace came off .
this bag is more scratche , zipper has a little rust . larger than the size i wantedleather quality is good
the soles are actually slippery . more like plastic than rubber . fails the most basic of tests for a sneaker .
item is real flimsy . very cheap , but what else can you expect for the price .
i cannot get this drum and cartridge to work . tried everything and have given up . what a mistake !
wore them once and the jewels started falling off . don't buy . not the quality of my other sanuks .
deleted after very short time . difficult to use . confusing . long process
i saw a old special whitney did on television , i was wondering is this it ? help
dont buy this counterfeit item . it hampers the printer out put . not recommended . gives pictures in diffrent dirty colors than the original one
i wanted this to automatically ties kids shoe laces . concept is good but it is not suitable for kids shoelaces .
looks cute , and matches a million outfits , but don't expect them to last a month if you walk a lot .
i cannot match the cover to my phone . and the color is not hot pink it is a light pink .
my personal opinion is they are terrible . i will not recomend them , or buy them again . no flavor at all
got hem in and they only charge nice price but b . s . product ! u will not be happy ! f ! s !
what to do when you don't fit in become a zombie . good thing she found her way out of it .
the magic castle leaked . it is difficult to enjoy the monkeys when their castle leaks . please resend a new package .
the item didn't even last one night before it died . it no longer lights up as its cheerful illustration suggests .
not so good , cannot connect to anything even though kindle says i am connected to my internet service , not happy
very dated . just a collection of newspaper articles masquerading as a book . david walsh can do very much better .
too much running back and forth between locales and not enough character development . we get it the feds are jackasses .
really no meaning . fun until the second time you try it . very predictable . and kinda boring . i don't reccomend it
why bother to write poems that are so dark and sometimes mean ? i discarded the book before finishing .
no good . nothing fun about it at all . according to my son who is . he was disappointed . not interactive .
not a very strong theological narrative . not worth buying unless you're a rank beginner . a waste of time for me
first of all the thing wouldn't load and it required a add system to be added to place quot personized quot adds
this backpack literally fell apart after a month of using it . wouldn't recommend it for anyone . very , very poor quality
never would let me login on my kindle . kept kicking me out after i entered my login .
separated from sole after one day . now it is time to find out if i can get my money back .
this item is beyond sell date and is very bad . i have used this for years . i am returning it .
and the upgrade is just as bad worst i have ever spent . don't waste the time or money .
i see no change , doesnt work for me .
need to be much longer and more development of the characters is necessary . interesting storyline though kinda like a first draft
i expected more relevant info . was bored . sorry i bought it . i had hoped for lots of great facts .
did not care for the lack of fragrance , and leaves my hair incredibly dry . had used before with no problems .
i didn't pay attention with the programs it works with . i do hv vista and it didn't work wit it .
it doesn , t work so farhow long should i have more . ? and it , s not cheap either . ? don , t expect much ,
common sense and vague advice . distracting spelling and grammatic errors . i do not recommend . i see why it was .
item arrived dead on arrival
this helmet was bigger than my full face . the thing seriously doubled my head size . it was an instant return .
will not work on my thunderbolt . freezes and crashes not worth the time to install it . total waste of time .
too small
it stopped and wouldn't come back on . it was fun but horrible . y'all need to fix it asap . just horrible .
to wobbly and didn't tighten down tight enough to hold guns . it kept rolling down when riding they make niose !
thought i could fit my new seagate wireless plus in here . nope ! not sure what to do with this now .
battery didn't work at all , tab broke right away but seller was very good with refund .
this is for kids . , buy it was o . k . but it is not for me . i'll pass on this one , thanks ,
not supportive enough
not good .
this app hasn't been updated in probably a year . not sure why it isn't the sports center app yet . old .
this was not a good choice by me . even though the product was inexpensive , i got what i paid for .
i am sending these items back due to they are too small . overall like this name brand . holds up well
loser ! doesn't work as advertised . followed instructions and depleted supply . very disappointed with the results which was no noticeable results
this paci holder is cute , but a little big . i only used it once because it just seemed so bulky .
was good , but too narrow . returned the item . i've noticed this with toms though , my fault . will continue shopping toms
below expectations good to protect and cover your device not sturdy for standing alone playing movies or videos thank you
it takes a while to grind stuff , machine is not too powerful . that's why my rating is just stars .

have had this product in use for two weeks . so far it hasn't trapped a single stink bug . very disappointed .
garbage . stinks like no tomorrow . cheap crapola . threw it away . never even used it . just horrible . one two three four
cheap and smells bad . zipper gets stuck every time .
very nice but the color is a little off . i need a more green in the color . may keep them
they sell this same size can at my sam's club for . . it is crazy to charge !
have not seen any results . kind of disappointed .
the chocolate bars were stale . either due to the heat or long time on the shelf . i am not happy .
horrible communication going back to my tried and true cc .
amazon should get misrepresented junk like this off their site before they lose more customers .
some of the answers follow no logic at all and majority of the questions have errors . try another book
it is the most boring game i ever played . the people who gave it a good rating must be stupid
never kept them , they were not what i expected , they were plastic and smelly . sent them back . will look somewhere else .
required text book for class . this is required for longwood university's thea class . the text is very boring indeed .
don't waste your money buy something elsethe plastic arm breaks and replacement parts are not availablenot easy to assemble
don't get it ! they'll send you something that you didn't purchase . my hat was yellow vise the black i ordered .
it only works for the first couple times . the capacity is not working for iphone charging . very poor quality !
nothing new or unique about this much re made song . it couldn't be more boring or unoriginal .
i bought it because of so many positive reviews . however , this lens produced terrible quality pictures . it is totally useless !
very small and did not meet my expectations . returned for refund on . a larger version would have been nice .
these do not keep hot liquids hot . furthermore , they sold for under . at target last school year .
i couldn't get it to work so i removed it .
not a zombie fan , but thought i'd try . too predictable . a tired genre . pedestrian writing , characters are one dimensional . won't continue !
the product works as described . however , it is too loud with a disturbing operation . i am returning it !
i was not able to use the micro sd card map in costa rica it was locked and therefore worthless !
don't believe on this book , it's against the islamic beliefs . please discard it without even both to open it period .
i have to charge my cell almost every day , even thought i didn't make a call . it is not convenient .
they broker already were too big for my daughter's face . i loved them but they didn't work !
this sucked . looks fake and was a waste of money . it looked like it took minutes to put together
nice book if you are looking to muslim name structure . doesn't have good collection of names .
this coin had minimal if that definition . nothing like what was presented in the image . this coin is scrape at best .
i liked that this film was a good clean christian film , but this should not be in the romance category .
it was aweful and it didn't put anything were i wanted it . i didn't like it at all .
very flimsy . buy only if yow want it for decoration . offers no protection at all . i would not recommend it .
not meant for men . poor quality , waste of money
it was a little boring not something i was able to watch all the way threw got tired of it
i am not able to make the some podi dal powder , idli powder which i used to prepare back in india .
the drip pans came in a good box but the larger of the pans was bent and unusable very disappointed
this is junk . plug your hdmi ports into a banana and get the same results . it simply does not work .
it doesnt even charge right .
saw a couple of clips , and just didn't find it that amusing . personal taste maybe ok for some one else
does not block the glare at night .
only audio , not a video ! it cannot possibly teach you how to dance . complete misrepresentation of product ! do not buy .
i only gave it one star only because i couldn't write a review if i gave it no stars . terrible .
belt was way too small . cheap buckle
extremely overpriced and we the stupid people buy these . my problem , can't say no to my kid .
came with a critical part missing .
this book was ok to me but i'm so u know ! but my year old sister loved it !
truly , the worst day of my life . ps the white flag pin on darby's jacket says it all .
this bed is much too thin to provide any support . i do not recommend it as a daily dog bed .
it don t for wat descibed
still waiting for this game console . wait for buy one get one free xbox . ps comes outin april .
since i have not received the book after two months , i cannot rate it . i just wonder where it went .
this battery did not work for my sprint phone , even after i charged it for hours . i'm very disappointed .
i really hate this song it was not worth the money if they think its good it should be free
never buy it again get spots all over looks like s . well not saying it out load what i think
no , n . e . r . d . lapdance is playing when they walk into the prom .
this didn't feel as imaginative as previous work . quiet monotonous .
this adapter didn't fit my nextbook premium at all , it was too small . this item is not listed correctly .
it looked pretty , but the buttons on the side didn't work with the case on . i had to return it .
does not fit well with macbook . its a little thick , pushing the mouse pad up resulting in click failures
i could not even get my . into this . w shoe . quality looks fine but sizing issue wastes my time .
boring in a lot of spots . dragged a lot . covered very old crimes and people that are not that interesting .
it wasn't what i thought it was .
this isn't ebay , fool ! xd you need to sell it over there where they support rip off and scam artists .
not a good bulb at all . it literally exploded seconds after i installed it and turned on my television .
i demand to have my time back after reading that cheesy scam description . creator needs to get some moral compass .
no good free music makes you buy everything confusing not like the online aol radio the app is a disspapointment
i expected randy travis , and it was not him , but another . did not want that so i returned it unopened
gross ! no peppermint taste at all ! the non kosher ones are awesome but these are nasty ! won't buy these again !
didn't work and couldn't be programmed
i was very disappointed at the length of this . it was too short to be worth anything other than free .
this cd wastes too much time on getting someone to relax and not enough time on reinforcement
long drawn out plot , thin character development that results in a poorly thought out and mundane conclusion . very disappointing read .
what a clever ploy . no one should purchase this edition . let them stuff it .
too big to jog with
died in months after being used about times in a square foot apartment .
horrid . just horrid .
doesn't charge any of my devices . something is wrong with it . need to get it replaced . hopefully that's not problem .
battery doesn't fit the unit . it doesn't seem to charge correctly . disappointed in this purchase .
wrong color blue , different than color shown on line
the top flap with the tractor was crooked when snapped in . i had to pay to get it re sewn correctly .
this a bonus cd that came with pre order . its not worth . i got this for free .
adult size is too small for comfort .
apparently you would derive more from recitation of mantras than from the product itself . i consider it to be worthless .
i dont have this one so i cant rate it . i dont know why its on my thing to rate .
cable quit working days after i received it .
someone should be more on the ball in the shipping department and not send out goods in a distressed condition .
poor product , no elasticity . even wore a bra with it . it ended down around my waste .
general flavor good but needs a . vegetable packet ! and better tasting noodles to appeal to mor peoples taste !
i received a bosch laser level , just not this one advertised . the one i was looking for has be discontinued .
nothing like the photo and very large
cheap and wobbly
item was worthless .
the product is very simple . the photo shows a good quality product and the real product is with low quality
i still haven't gotten my book . which that is actually not okay . i needed it a week ago for class .
it did not work properly . we had to use parts from our old printer same model to make it work .
worst cd i ever hear in my life , dont buy it
this was just silly . it wasn't worth the time i spent downloading it . please take my advice and skip it .
work just great for blood thinners
do not use as a snap cap . cheap plastic broke the first time .
printronic is a poor choice . used to be okay . supplier tried to help but replacements were bad too . a shame .
not queen size .
we got this at work to preview while recording video . unfortunately the batteries won't recharge .
it does not work with ipad . the description is misleading . hoping to find another use . the price was right though .
waste of money ! they too tiny and too thin and don't help with taking away any pressure . not for me !
i am a member of a book club and have not got around to reading this book as of yet .
for a novice , i bought this because it made since to have batteries on christmas day . directions would be nice . ya think . hahaha
it looks nothing like it does in the picture ! i do not like it at all at all at a
washed these towels and after they were taken out of the dryer they had threads coming out and fell apart .
the product sent from boho tronics does not fit my htc evo shift g phone . having trouble returning the item .
handy guide to add to ones knowledge of how to win at the races ! not for the clueless !
very confusing game hard on the eyes regret buying this game
after using it for only a month , the buttom of frame broke already . although it is very cheap , not worth .
the tube arrived without the poster inside . ridiculous .
i didn't even use the kick stand or drop it and it was broken not to happy with this product
bad bad bad . not even funny bad , just bad . it was v bad . this movie was very very very bad .
doesn't even work
it didn't work . the magellan didn't fit into the case that was supposed to be made for it !
i order this product over a month ago and never received it . do not buy any products from this company .
water got into the boat where it isn't meant to . this would lead to mold .
like all the other backpacks we've tried , none stay centered on the dog's back . total waste of money .
i would say that this film sucks , but that would be too offensive to the actual act of sucking !
the legs separated from the body after a couple uses . but for the price it's fine .
just okay , holes seem to become loosen after a couple uses . nothing special , nothing bad just okay
the computer seems fine , but really don't like the loud noise , annoying , and it get hot quickly , hope it can last two years
these are really nasty . the initial sugar taste is quickly overwhelmed by a horrible aftertaste . so many better options .
miserable watch for a seiko . expected more the strap design is a nightmare . the color seems faded
good thing i keep lots of left over screws . sometimes the reviews do apply , and not everything is a bargain .
if your ipod is less than a year old do not get this . it will not work .
total piece of junk . broke after just months . too much chinese plastic , not enough american metal . junk , junk , junk .
so incredibly boring . i guess if cataloging is your kink , it might be entertaining . maybe ? probably not .
i didn't get all the items that was ordered ! ! i don't feel i got my money's worth ! !
near the level of magician apprentice and magician master , now those were awesome !
nice readlight warm little storyfeel good events about life's up and downnice view of person interactionsrelaxing story
comes with absolutely zero instructions about how to operate camera video flight and after you do figure out you will be dissapointed
disc doesn't work although the cover claims to be a product made for the u . s . wii . this is absolutely frustrating .
i thought it was the game i play at chilli's and i really did not like this one at all .
a few quite good jokes , but too many rather feeble ones and some pot boiiers . okay , considering the negligible cost . don
difficult to set up and maintain connectivity . attachment mechanics not very reliable . sound acceptable but does not live up to expectations
love the shows , this is a waste of time .
this toy contains lead . it should absolutely never be used by children . i returned it for this reason .
the texture just wasn't right . it was a nasty , gooey , stringy mess not moldable at all . what a waste of money .
dated information that is not very useful . i found nothing here i could use . save your money . look elsewhere .
i didn't like because it wouldn't even play on my dvd player . what a waste of money on this disc .
this item did not work right out of the box . i plan to return it .
extremely poor quality . don't think it's really cotton . poorly made . wouldn't buy another . not worth the price .
excellent ! teachers you can connect so many genres and essential questions to this historical fiction novel in prose ! extremely moving !
did not realize the book was for preschoolers . i teach high shcool psychology so i cannot use it . very disappointed
it definitely did not charge my asus tf tablet . in fact , i think it fried the speaker . avoid at all cost .
i wish there was a tie at the bottom of the legs so it would be easier to put on .
this works as described but it takes an extra long time to charge devices . looking for something much faster charging speed .
i surmise carl jung would be disappointed in this farce . the whispering is too distracting to actually utilize the message .
waste of time , forces close every time you try to run the app , already uninstalled and won't try another app
read too much like a police methods textbook . way too dry and boring for my tastes .
stay away from this case . it is not leather at all . it even looks cheap !
introduced tons of hiss to my signal chain . useless unless you simply do not care about noise in your rig .
the case did not fit perfectly with my iphone . the dimensions fit but height the covers the phone was shorter .
these might be better for my baby but they are way too rough for her delicate skin . would not buy again .
it looks better on the picture really . the camera cover case was missing a magnet , so it doesn't close properly .
not what i expected . i know not all battles are glorious , but i felt kind of cheated and wanting more
did not know it was all in subtitles . thought it would be good because of the cast but not so .
this product works rundomly , and most of the time doesn't . waste of money , the worst products in this category !
only five pages and not much benefit if you've been out of school more than a year .
this perfume is loud , overpowering and has an acidic base note akin to . well , how should i say this . vomit .
bad product it not what working properly i get something better from google shop i am not recommended this item
item broke with first use . do not believe that this was a new charger . would not recommend this to anyone .
too small . where can i put this piece of mat .
shouldn't have been sold . the product had been used to serve its purpose and worn out by the previous owner .
the motor and fan stopped functioning the second day of use . no replacement parts are available for this product either .
product didn't work . either wasn't comparable with my mac air or is just a terrible product . i wouldn't recommend buying !
this shoe runs small and narrow . also , the strap is too tight and constricting . cute but not comfortable to wear .
not what i expected . it dose not work as well as i want it to .
simply a piece of junk . i couldnt return it fast enough . looks cool but it is very anoying , a dud .
i agree with all other star ratings . only because i can't vote stars !
the very first disk was defective and i called the company and they told me tough
product is not worth the money spent on buying it , very slow and struggles to perform even the basic tasks .
shame on these guys for using the name of the best band of all time , find a new name .
it does not charge and is not worth returning . waste of time and money . look for better chargers somewhere else .
this brush had very short bristles and did not catch my short hair adequately while i was blow drying it .
by definition , tumblers do not have handles . do not buy these if you don't want handles .
this case only lasted a few weeks before it broke . i liked the style , but it was not sturdy enough .
this is garbage . its so rough and hard i wouldnt put it on my sons bed . would never order again .
ok . not great likeness small nicesocks are the best . in my mind . the sign very cool like very much
uh , were these suppose to work ? horrible purchase . couldn't return . they seemed really big . maybe if they were smaller ? maybe .
i did not like it . i do not buy any more books . the ones i have bought are very dissapointing
already not working . restarts itself . feels like it's made for a left handed person . horrible sucks . lasted less than a week
this was just difficult for me . the teacher went by the book but i still could not foll the class .
product was very small looks like an extrasmall . i would recommend getting a bigger size as this size runs small .
this player lasted less than any of our others with only months of minimal use . don't waste your money .
board works as advertised , but flexes too much , in my opinion , for
we received this item less then weeks ago and the red center stone has already fallen out . highly disappointed .
this is a outrage for the price ! it is not at all worth the money spent for this product ! rediculous
recipes in a page book is very impressive i think they meant rmw
my dogs are small . shih tzu and miniature poodle and it is too large for their mouths . does not work well .
half of the lights worked .
it blows the stuff right on and off your hair ! it's much better to sprinkle it straight out of the can
spend the extra money and buy a better lens . this is a cheap piece of junk .
i was sent stars not triangles . boooo . that was not what i ordered . geez . what a waste of my money .
not impressed . too expensive ! i dont know what else to say . it's overpriced has so far shown little benefit .
it broke when i put then case on my phine
this one is . okay but a littlechildish . i like bingo blitz more . this one is very remedialand not very fun .
this is just waste money because that book have theater design idea for only high end theater
don't waste your money the rings are much too small to fit the average man .
continues to force close . will wait for an update and try it again . otherwise its a good game . evo g
nothing loose but money
utter crap . didn't work .
even at the most delicate setting it melted in the dryer . poor quality . the packaging has out lasted this product .
the case showed up with dent in side panle and missig rivet in side glass other th egrave n that grate case
we bought this so our xbox could use our ghz connection , but it doesn't see it at all . worthless .
really i think will be different color as we see but it wasnt same pink color all of them
order , of them came with dead power units
looked great for about one hour . then the lights just went out . i guess you get what you pay for .
it didn't work . i tried to put it into my xbox and it didnt work . i am very disappointed
not really my feeling of entertainment . too much arguing and bad attitudes plus i don't like the rude language . crap
size run small and fabric very thin , but will keep them rather then go thru pain of sending back tho
wish they would have mentioned that . and the reviewers that talk about amazon and their crappy packaging ? they are correct .
the only useless baking book in my collection . there is nothing new or interesting to bake . don't waste your money !
if it doesnt fit , its not worth it . they should have clearly mentioned it doesnt fit all standard pots . simple .
the pump is not efficient enough to pump out a usable quantity of cream . very frustrating and time consuming
leaks oil like a siv i should return it was made in asia figures you get what you pay for
i got this for a friend , but she said it doesn't seem to b working at all . she is disappointed
i got the same error and player just died . thanks panasonic for this wonderful piece of junk
these were child's sunglasses not specified .
i never received the item this is the second time i order it and never got it !
runs loose , it's shorter than displayed and the material is very cheap . i looks really weird in the front part .
this book has more assumption than it does research that has been proven false . see don frew's critical review here .
thought we were getting a dvd of an andy williams family christmas show . our fault for not reading more closely .
the earphones just broke right when i got it . the very same day . i was really bummed out about it
when i go this gun it was great but after a few weeks it didn't charge and stopped working . ha
i got the item and took phone all apart installed and it didnt work it has sound but no picture .
phone case looks nice but didn't last a week and it's already broken the top cover is made very poorly
originally , i had bought this for my ipad gen but did not work . it does work for charging my ipod .
it was broken when i received it . however , i hate return , so i have to find a glue to fix it
it's impossible to hear the words and even the tune is obscured by the arrangement .
the most s tiest thing i ever got sent me my house dont buy this bull s im pissed
too cheap hard to get off phone . cute but breaks easily . don't be cheap for cuteness spend more money but its ok
after you have played all the categories it does not renew with new ones . very disappointing . do not get it .
interestingly enough , every labeled yes products have the same ingredients whether blueberries , cucumbers , tomatoes . hmm . check it out for yourself !
the mouse was horible . the movment was fine but the buttons have to be jammed to to work
the car charger red light has gone in and when you shake it you can hear something is loose inside
did not like it deleted
the wrong item was sent , i ordered a case for an iphone and received one for an iphone
didn't really do anything . not tighter then it usually is . used a lot just to make sure , nope still nothing .
was too small around the calf area and i couldn't get it to stay in place in the foot area .
i am sorry but dont put yourself on cd if people cant understand a word you are saying . sorry kevin
the foil is very thin it makes the tobacco burn fasterif it was thick it will be beter
avoideat lettuce this will stop your hair loss and avoid eating a lot of oil , including olive oil
do not download . this is not the song , it claims . don't know what else to say . play before you buy .
i never recieved this product who do i need to talk to for a refund or to send it ?
this product only works on it's own schedule . i wish i never purchased this product .
my alienware m x power but dont take charge even when in the description said that my model was supported bummer
it was great in the beginning , i loved them . they did not bother my ear , however , the pearl fell out .
stop ! please don't waste your money with this books . this document only include images . sure sure google has better images .
all of the colors ran . i washed it correctly .
too big and very hard . i expected them to be smaller and softeri returned them for credit no problem
stop workign after months
total waste of time unless you are a boy under the age of . don't bother with this one . lousy .
the cd was missing for this product and the front cover was slightly damagedcambridge advanced learner's dictionary with cd rom
cute , but lasted about a week before the silver faded and my finger turned green .
this freebie had good intentions , but it wasn't what i expected i think i would just refer to youtube
instructions not clear very hard to put together wont buy again you would have to sew well to understand this
terrible , terrible movie . no plots , end makes no sense
i didn't realize you would need ear plugs for the audio . i thought this was a speaker . a little disappointed .
it is just paper glued to a very flimsy plastic and the paper was peeling when i got it .
sucky lame no directions such a dumb game i uninstalled it in about seconds after i installed dumb lame
the sony npfv rechargeable battery pack only provides about five minutes of recording time . this product is not worth buying .
just got it and the charger is not working . not happy about that . will check with amazon about a new charger .
it only work for weeks and then it just stop working no good i will never buy it again
i'm not sure about it . every time i try to take it i feel intensely sick .
is not the same as the picture did not like it i will not buy any more cases like this
received wrong product , unable to sent back
not worth reading , way too much time spent on personal stories and lacks detail or even information on interesting cases .
good luck with sizing . bought xl u . s . large . way too small . quality is poor . almost see through . i would not recommend .
back broke off and dont even know where or when fell offdesign was nicefront still on wish back was
this was a great idea but it's not user friendly . in fact still haven't figured out how to use it .
keeps rebooting my cable box . i tried calling sony support and got no help from them . don't waste your money
it kinda sucked . thought it might be interesting turned it off to go watch paint dry . that blew as well
the armband is functional for lighter loads , but falls apart easily with heavier phones . i find it not very durable .
does not hold any size bur correctly .
bearings went out after the first year . wouldn't recommend it . not worth your money . only good for scrap metal . nuf said
i love the scent but the cream is a bit watery probably old stock of discontinued scent by the company
it was funny for couple of minutes , then we realized that the make up was too exagerate as cloun .
i bought this brush and it fell a few inches into the tub and shattered . i would not recommend it .
very poor quality . the way that it mounts is not good and it can fall off the wall . very disappointing .
no back lights on the digits ! no manual with the watch ! not very user friendly .
screean backlight is badcan't really see the textseems and looks really cheap . woiuld not recommend it
in one realm , there is a machine that will not load which means i cannot complete the quest .
reusable ? screen protector ? barely covers the viewable area of my macbook . absolute waste of time and money . don't even bother .
keyboard's bluetooth connection is a bit flaky when also connecting a bluetooth mouse .
five bucks for a ten cent item . who would a thunk it ? tweezers work so much better .
it has an unpleasant odor . it is not a leather odor . appears to be a return judging by the packaging .
not what i had expected . certainly not the worst i've tried but wouldn't purchase again .
it stretches out easily . now it's too big and falls off when i run . not too thrilled about this item
this is a hard game and needs a lot of thinking witch isn't fun to play i wouldn't recken it
tops didn't fit snug on any of the sizes dissapointed with the pyrex brand . definitely wouldn't buy again . very disappointed
recieved the product in a plastic bag and had water stains on the ball . it was used instead of new .
waste of money waste of time it's in the trash , now it works fine . save your money it suck a joke ,
this hose is too stiff to flex correctly and had pinholes when i hooked it up . cannot recommend this product
analog solution for a digital problem . if i wanted static and poor quality i would listen to radio . total garbage .
game much too short for a paid game . was only a sample of what it could have been . had possiblilities
i didnt even recieve the casei am very sad my dad paid for them and i didnt get it
you only get two games per day . it is pretty good other than that but is harder for little children .
cover doesn't fit tight , lock is not secure
the first time that i unplugged from my tv it fell apart . got what i paid for i guess . oh well .
these just don't do the job and made a mess of my fruit . i returned them .
this app is terrible do not get this app it is the worst app in the universe . don't get it please
i love gilbert and sullivan , but this production is terrible . a waste of my time .
poor sound quality no adjustments for treble or bass sounds cheap and tinny . returned this product for refund .
nice color , but the fit isn't my favorite . i prefer a bit more support in the front then these offer .
this is an old book and very out of date . i would not recommend this book to the serious camper .
this item was cracked in several places , it cost more to send it back than it did for the case
this books is just plain bad . dumb story , poorly written , ridiculous sex scenes . i'm sorry i wasted my money on it .
ad says on sale for . with . savings and you an buy any day for . at ther suppliers
egg slice is good but strawberry slice very not good but it have a many versionvery useful item love it
why should i buy this sauce when it doesn't even tell me how much i'm going to get ?
very disapointed
poor mfg packaging allowed damage to the enamal coating during shipment . two pans ordered and both were damaged .
the main character in the book is inconsistent constantly changing his mind just to get the plot to continue . boop
that is a bunch of poop to get you involved to learn this and it is not free , very misleading
i wish i'd gone with the smaller bag . neither of my cats will have anything to do with them .
there's not a lot to this app . don't waste time loading this one onto any device . not worth the effort
the very worst possible version of the timeless classic . don't bother with this steaming pile . buy one of eisner's comics .
what more can you ask for ? football , comedy , romance , a real feel good movie . the music wasn't bad either .
this is not a novel . if you want to know facts about cholera and its spread , google it .
this book was very unremarkable to me . i thought the menage was tame and definitely not hot . just okay .
this is really heavy and clunky . it doesn't sit upright when hanging and looks cheap . i don't recommend buying this .
to huge
i don't like windows , found the program very confusing and hard to get started with .
the picture shows a 'chain . ' i actually received one with a 'cord . ' not the same . not as durable . not acceptable .
very bulky , straps were uncomfortable . i wouldnt suggest this for a concealed carry . like i say not really my thing
this is the cheapest product i have ever purchased . why do we continue to buy such low quality products ? shameful
enjoy sharing w friends and always trying to stay ahead in the count . good relaxing game i to play
it is horrible you have been warneddon't buy this app it is the worst game ever i am mad t
absolutely boring . it really doesn't show much except street cameras . not real exciting unless your a car voyeur . skip it .
the camera was defective from the outset it emitted a clicking noise and the image pulsed . be warned !
it cost money after you have gotten it for free . for this reason it is not usefulle at allfrom marjan
didnt stick to the wall well . fell off and then couldnt get it unstuck from itself .
this is a humid little elf who wonders though you r house looking for mischief . ahhhh u are the best thanks !
one of the bottles spilled
it's amazing that they would charge this much money for a toy that you can get at a dollar store !
this product unfortunately did not make a proper seal with a newly purchased paintball co tank , rendering it completely useless .
i attached to my computer , it did not recognize device and would not work . i am returning for full refund .
there were a lot of typos and grammatical errors in the book . is there a sequel ? it ended very abruptly .
used to reattch straps on vinyl birki sandals . did not hold came apart after only an hour .
i received these items and they were all chipped and not painted nicely . i ended up re painting them myself .
it does not protect my phone all the way it only has protection on the back not in the front
stopped it after min out of sheer boredom . rarely has this happened .
no instructions . the fold up box thing is some cross between a rube goldberg and origami . don't waste your money .
take this cologne and add a bit of inevitable , daily underarm sweat and you've got a biological weapon on your hands .
if you use it in a basement , it doesn't really work and the image on the tv freezes a lot .
grandson got frustrated with it so unloaded it just not the kind of game that holds interest to keep playing
very little seed for the money . you only get one batch of sprouts for almost eight dollars . big rip off !
it is very weak , by day the metal plate was cracked , it is o . k for decoration , not for protection
wouldn't stay in place , too slippery . wrong size for ipad in case . cannot use if lying down . big mistake to buy .
paid app with ads . pay for the app and then you have to continue to pay for updated news . ridiculous .
it was extremely stiff and does not fit . horrible product . i would never recommend this product to any one ever .
these shoes are not as comfortable as i'd hoped , a little tight in the toe area , what's up hush puppy ?
this is a very good and informative book . i enjoyed reading it . i learned some things i did not know .
case is difficult to take off phone . material is thin and fragile as i cracked the case attempting to remove .
video quality is not good at all . not as mentioned in the description as px .
i return product , misleading , it stated that it haves a leather strap . strap was cheap looking very poor quality .
no help !
every one of them was way too dark and bright ! none was subtle . wont be buying any more of these .
the wall post is cute but who cares if it just falls right off the wall in a few days !
i would never buy any products from dole , they support and promote gmo . avoid it as much as you can .
i used it on my waist to shrink it , but saw no difference .
it is not what i thought , i received it and i never use it . i put it in the cupboard
you pay pay good money to own the game , but your really only renting . not worth the buy
i read most of it online . it was a real obtuse attempt . it just wasn't working .
this app sucks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
this wire did not even last me more than a week before it messed up and started giving me troubles
the zippers are slightly rusted .
the pads looked good , but the seams were incompletely sewn one corner on each of the pads was coming apart .
the box that the actual jellyfish came in was all wet and smelt like mildew . i had to return it .
they really should have left such great songs alone , don't buy this album if you want the good origional hits !
i actually liked borat . this movie sucked a big one . i shut it off after fifteen minutes . waste of money .
wrong size for my kindle
as above so below as explained . the wig it self is beautiful if your wearing it for halloween s
the acting in this movie was terrible . it was all very bland and uninteresting . i could not finish watching it .
not worth more than bucks . this isn't different than any other pillow . doesn't feel like memory foam at all .
worthless
impossible to fit on toilet
i could not really figure out how to set it up , so i have to say i don't like it !
not as soft as i expected and not as wide as it appeared in the picture . so sent it back
tried it one time so far and found it difficult to focus . time will tell weather it is worth using .
it came with a flat tire and we got a replacement . the next year , the other tire went flat . bummer
taste horrible .
interesting , well crafted mystery initially . it begins to unravel about half way through , and ends in a very disturbing , unsatisfying way .
i like pandora better , this seemed to make you listen to just certain channels , i like to mix it up !
too small
this is a . tub from toys r us . amazon should be aware of this seller . this is crazy !
stopped working after days .
small , not enough lite comes out , had to change the battery .
it worked good for about uses then it just randomly broke for no reason . worst charger i've ever had .
i used this with the finulite mit and have had no luck what so ever . on to the next product
the kid has only had it since christmas and it has stopped working . the pad works with only regular batteries .
did not fit .
fiance wanted this movie badly . worst purchase i have made . could not watch it . language is just horrible .
cant even open after the update . please fix this quick because this is dumb . doesn't work well with kindle fire
didnt fit my phone properly . length wise it doesnt cover the screen and width wise it doesnt fit properly either .
only good for weeks . i have never seen a bulb go out so fast , must be a problem .
this is not a true biography . instead , it is an excuse for the author to discuss his own personal life .
does anyone know when a book with the corrections boortz talked about is going to be printed ?
the adapter does not make good connection . i tried it with several cords but it did not work every time .
these did not fit my bed even though we ordered the correct bed size . steer away !
i had no idea that velveeta was so popular with the cherokee tribe . but where are the deer and squirrel recipes ?
it doesn't work , i want my money back and i don't think it's worth dollars ! i am mad to
adobe dreamweaver cs video training course by hometutorialsmy expectation was higher from this dvd .
graphics are good and the crazy courses are cool . physics need work making the game frustrating to play at times .
the product arrived in striped one side
does not work for big cans and will be sending back .
i tried putting them on and it got so much hair under them . i took it off . do buy it .
most working channels are worthless public access and university tripe . the valuable channels rarely work . i will likely delete this
this movie sucks . probably one of kilmer's worst roles ever . there are absolutely no redeeming qualities to be found here .
i could have went online for free to get these ideas . thanks for putting them in one place i guess .
everything these days is cheap crap that comes from who knows where . nothing isdurable or of any good usa quality !
great design , however it's too large but worse was that it was just too heavy had to return it
did not work . returned for refund
i must not have gotten the right case , tablet fit but openings in the wrong places , working with it though
the charm did not have the dimensional effect like i had hoped . the charm looked cheap for my taste .
i bought this in february and it stopped working in june so i'm not real happy with this product !
wasn't as large as the picture indicates . turned out to be just a basic black scarf . not impressed
it does not stick to the surface well . i guess need the extra glue so they do not fall off .
this is a crap product . it is flimsy and just horrible . don't buy this ! get yourself a real otter box !
very basic , this book is not for an advance user , plus it is not current .
product overheats quickly therefore , it can only be used for really quick pickups . not very useful
this item was not new it was purchased in march and resold as new . do not buy from this vendor
i would love to review this app but i can't because it locks up constantly on my thunderbolt . twenty words .
is very uncomfortable , not look same picture , quality is good , but very uncomfortable the heels is high no same inch
lcd screen image does not , does not read dvd . vcd , cd , lcd screen not working , how i can correct the problem ?
large
shipment sucks . i bought this item on th , today th and i still don't have it .
the item broke in my hands when i tried to insert the cartridge . i do not recommend this product .
low quality print
was sent defective ones
so sad , i loved it until it stopped working ! i only had it for a month . pretty disappointed
do not waste your time with this awful app , it is boring and not worth the memory even for free .
great actors but the story was not as interesting as we expected . just kept waiting for it to become exciting .
this item did not live up to expectation . i big waste cant work in countries outside the usa
did not enjoy this at all
sadly it looks cute in the picture by is very cheaply made and does not fit my garden scheme sorry
original abba and the musical recording broadway are both far superior to this corny remake . don't waste your money .
i didnt read carefully enough i guess . didnt realize these were more exercise shorts . odered needed . read carefully
faulty design . not a spray . large lumen therefore barely trickles down . no pressure at all .
have to purchase app for pc in order to synch data . big come on . not worth it . skip this app !
this died within a week and was only heating about gallons . i'll look elsewhere for my next heater .
it is of poor quality and poor taste . the description is very delusional . a waste of my money . lesson learned .
pretty but you can not clean your shoes off on it as it is made of flat woven recycled plastic .
poor quality
seems to be , literally , a collection of press releases or advertising copy from various big data vendors . a complete waste .
it really doesnt fit like a slouch beanie .
already coming off only been in place for months and is completely off others are peeling and cracked
very broad and vague more like a children's intro to budgets . it doesn't provide enough info to make your own budget .
when i looked up for iphone c , this phone case pops up . but it will not fit a c iphone
game will not load and will not work on my new kindle fire hdx . waste of time . dont get it .
deleted from my kindle did not like this app . added this for my grand kids and they were not satisfied
this product gave me bad heartburn . i took as directed , and if it worked i would have overlooked the heartburn .
please make these songs available to listen with windowsmedia !
it rippes so easiley dont buy and it is bucks i thought it was worth it but it sucks
slow and freezes my kindle . would not recommend . we will stick to using our pc to access abc mouse's website .
expensive for what was received . smaller than what i thought was coming . cheaply made have to put together yourself .
not good read better from mercer . bit slow but because started book had to finish to see what happens . bad
this item was a very big hit with my granddaughter . it was exactly what she wanted for a christmas gift !
i found these okay at best . on the salty side . not very enjoyable . okay snack .
it kept freezing and would not let me past the first set of levels , even after they had been unlocked .
the neck is too small . it looked like he was choking when i zipped it up completely . waste of money .
this thing weighs good pound , my back pocket sags while wearing this wallet . i will buy another wallet
it would not play consistently so we could not watch it .
this one is my second one ! and guest what ? ! is not working after months ! don t waste your money . please oooo
didn't work . waste of money . i tried it the first night and wife said i snored . not very comfortable either .
gel pocket broke in two weeks time ! it's a piece of junk !
this book was okay for studying but didn't really help with taking the test for this .
not worth the time . book to short
not what expected . does not fit my galaxy s as requested . very cheap in price , but also in matereal . plastic very thin
tried this on at the store . they look nice , but are not wide enough for my feet and somewhat stiff .
i hated it it was really bad it is discosting and gross so don , t get it . two words hated it . i did .
the calipers were cheap and cracked literally on one of the first measurements . however , the measurer is good . i guess .
worth maybe cents . if that . a few sentences about mostly obscure characters . no story . very disappointed in this book .
because the plastic packing stick stretchd them out and the strap barely stays on my ankle .
not as good as expected .
i don't cook using severe heat with this item . it cracked after a year . never buy this . find another one .
it was a damage battery not happy
i actually enjoyed doing the excersize , but the next day i had horrible bruises all over my abdomen and back .
don't wasn't your money on this junk its a peace of crap
got this book and it was falling apart when it arrived , returned it and got blamed for it being damaged .
much darker than previous films in this series .
too concise . had to get copies of pictures left out from previous copy . dorothy ramsay
great fit , but poor quality . after two washes , there are holes along the seam . don't recommend it .
we were quite disappointed with this , especially after watching wiggly , wiggly christmas . i would definitely recommend buying it instead !
cheap stuff dont work only work for days anddump it to trash west my time on this .
concept , cute idea , though very cheap felt material , attracts lint . . quality and construction is poor . would not purchase again .
we never received this product and have not received confirmation that our account was credited back for this purchase
could not get this to open and even downloaded it twice . i would have enjoyed this app if it worked .
why did matt have to be gay . why not a three some with straight guys . we are tired of this story .
very cheaply made . never worked , and broke soon after purchasing .
it was supposed to come with more than just three packs of cards . my son was very disappointed as was i .
i must have missed it but this was an area version , the seller agreed to take it back .
they should put a warning that is not suitable for warm water drinks . , it leaks all through the cup . bla bla
big fan of saratoga book was very disappointing dont waist money . i thought their was more too . book then it ended
this case cracked . and it started sliding down when the top and bottom was connected . i wouldnt buy it again .
the sound was awful and you couldn't understand what they were saying . not a good copy of the cd .
picture misrepresents this as being much larger . it is too small for practical use . also , choking hazard for small children
couldn't use it because it was too much of a struggle to get the iphone in and out of it
i think that i didn't like this book just because we had to read it at skool as an assignment
these were the smallest smalls i've ever bought
way too long and when i altered they fell apart at the bottom
very very poor quality material only got to wear it once it shrunk two sizes after one wash no good
was not as described , it was supposed to have connections for the s phone and it didn't , i returned it
kept them on my glasses for an hour and finally took them off my glasses . too uncomfortable . not for me .
these look cheap . i was hoping since they are not too big they would not look fake , but they do .
give me the originals anyday . why mess up a good thing ? if its not broke , dont fix it .
these are the wrong batteries . i had to make another purchase for the correct batteries
unfortunately , the soul purpose of this book is for liberal teachers to use young college students as their useful idiots .
this product is useless . the directions are impossible to understand and the product doesn't work .
was not the original fully that i expected .
not happy that the mde app is not available for the kindle . how hard can it be . a real shame
it was a waste of time . the acting was bad the story was bad and very unrealistic . don't watch this .
i like its user features but it all of the sudden quite working i plan on returning it for refund .
hurt my liverreally didn't notice any gainssome strengthtoo expensiveunderdosed . don't buy run halo or dmz instead
does not stay on your knee and it very uncomfortable to wear . doesn't support knee like i needed .
i first bought it for the great reviews but it came apart over the first week very disappointed and unhappy .
listers should check this listing the peidatric nursing book is pictured with the psychiatric listing
the razor blades whose it n'ont distorts not manufactured by gillette and i wish to be refunded .
this movie was with no doubt the worst movie ever made ! it was worst than wag the dog !
this unit does not accept a fresh new duracell battery . starts beeping as if the battery is dead .
after using my son's ipad it is not what i thought i will give it to a younger family member
the necklace is much bigger than it appears and the quality is horrible . i never wore it waste of money .
there are bubbles all over the screen and dirt underneath no matter how many times i clean it . .
did nothing for me .
definitely i will not recommend this product .
returned tablet due to the speed and cancelled the warranty . purchase another table and warranty . warranty is worth the purchase
my husband put these on his boots . the first time he tried to tie his boot , the shoe lace broke .
total waste of time people , the bridge fine tuning screws like to go flying and the pickguards warped . run away . run away .
i ordered of these cases and of them were broken when i received them . beware when you order .
it definately is cheap plastic and it doesn't fit over my tub . waste of money .
love this the kids had so much fun and not a big mess have to make sure it stays covered .
didn't work for my brother so had to return it ! very disappointed !
looks great until the letters fall off . dont waste your money on this one
its creepy
charges very slow not like my original . i don't thinks its a real samsung charger . now it's just paper weight .
charging time minutes to . hour . run time or minutes . goes backwards without more weight in front .
have to use a lot of this product to see results . it's okay . would i purchase it again . probably not .
not worth the money . no way to clamp metal down to make bend . will not bend advertised thicknesses .
very cheap and doesn't work gave me and ugly cut burn on my face so embarrassed ! never again
can hardly get past all the grammatical errors it makes it very difficult to focus on the books content .
the advance ads implied this was a single story rather than a disjointed review and groups of unlinked stories
i am assuming i actually have to purchase the more interesting games . soltaire is more interesting than this game
was supposed to be leather soles but wasn'ti had purchased them for dancing but they stick to the floor .
the studs are almost colorless certainly not the pink shown .
felt cheap not like the shoes i tried on in the croc store
used it twice and the lens broke . will be returning for a replacement when i get back to the states .
contains every trendy lefty misconception there ever was about the war . totally and hopelessly untrue .
pathetic . nothing more than national enquirer garb . how much did these maggots make giving information onpeople they thought they knew ? tsk tsk .
it didnt work . i threw it in the trash . i got burned on it . know not to order any more .
taste bad not good at all .
its free . to get signed up for a bunch of other useless crap you don't want to pay for znyway
this product is not real cheese , but nfl token foam . do not be confused by this image like i was !
it never unwinds totally as i twist the stem every morning and off and on throughout the day . it's junk
the case works but the fit was not as tight as i expected . not sure how i would improve though .
it is somewhat helpful , but i consider it more of a vibrator than a massager . i would not buy it again .
meh . let me know when bic introduces the ribbed for her enjoyment version . maybe then , i might consider literacy . call me maybe , okay .
i hate it . its so confusing its cheating it dosn't work it take to much time its really bad do get
boots were pretty but definitely were not wide calf sizing . i could barely zip them let alone wear over leggings
this product never worked , waste of my money ! if it wasn't so cheap i would return it , its beyond horrible !
you'll need long fingers for this one . i know that it is anti children but it's hard for adults as well .
this book is little more than a spoof . no real valuable information on card throwing . and far over priced
you can't move around freely , options limited . poor quality . not worth the money . preorder not worth the wait . don't recommend !
i had to return this b c the wires that connect to the motherboard are too short .
didn't enjoy the taste
needs to be layered to last and unfortunately was just not worth it . i was very disappointed with this purchase .
this game doesn't make any sense . i hate it . u have pay for coins and each game costs coins .
do not waste your time on this . it is only a subscription card of sorts . a total waste of time , indeed .
there's only one good track on this cd with mavis staples . buy it for that . the rest sucks
what the f ck ! it doesn't download ! how can i get back my money ?
dead on arrival
is a big wast of time , not to mention the foul language . don't waste your money . i didn't enjoy it .
new update shrunk the game on my kindle fire ! cant play it cuz its way to small on my screen
wouldn't recommend this . had a very hard time keeping this on the spout . got very frustrated with this product . returned it .
it is basically like a plastic bag ! it's so flimsy and cheap ! i would not order from the producer again .
it's a lot smaller than what i was expecting ! barely fits a regular pencil tip on some of the corners .
too small
so small overrated picture quality sucks not nice ugly pink color rip off dont get it . not as in the picture
worked for about months so be warned it may not last , you get what you pay for . not good .
it is a complete waste of money !
both broke within uses .
good price and an excellent product . if you want to improve in performance your motorbike , this is a perfect start .
this cover did not fit verly well over my kindle . there were multiple air bubbles . i would not recommend this product .
hard to install , arrived with chip in plastic housing , installed anyway as had no other choice .
there was missing pieces like the screw driver and the thumb pieces are black and the pieces where poorly fitted !
looks nice , stretches a little and breaks every time you use it . don't waste you money .
in the picture , it looks white and mauve but it is gray and plum . the comforter is a little small .
this is completely fake amber , it's actually plastic . what a waste of money . don't buy it , buy somewhere else ! phony
this game sucks the ball is right there and then you get out i wish they made a different one
not what i was excepting
older v was great . the new one is slow to react and often marks the wrong number in the cell
lantern is much smaller than expected and does not emit much light at all . overall it's a very disappointing purchase .
i bought this to use at my desk but my phone kept falling off . i would not buy it again !
recipes didn't seem like their favorites or best more like one that didn't make it on tv .
voice sounds are ok . no control or filter of other sounds .
really angry . i bought a . size , the box said . size but the shoes are . what a mistake .
not that scary in my opinion . i was hoping for more . i've never read much about real ghost stories before .
picture showed a large package full of balls , actual item was a sleeve of balls .
this is vhs not dvd so it'd help if that was better clarified when going to the purchase of it
i could not get the date setting to change , so returned the watch . the return process went smoothly . quite disappointing .
broke in the first day
this battery does not fit a pavilion pv ! not even close ! totally different battery . returning to get my money back .
very disappointed in this item , it's suppose to be king but i don't think so . very thin for a comforter .
this product didn't do anything to whiten or brighten my teeth . i used for a month and noticed nothing different
i purchased different letters , and they are all going back . the charms are teeny , tiny . the picture is deceptive .
i havent used it yet , but got out of packaging to see it already scratched up . made of cheap plastic .
very , very slow starting , not the hannibal i'm used too , didn't hold my attention at all , i was very disappointed .
i got really bad alergic reaction about times until if found out it was aleve .
it was badi didn't like itpoop ! reallywow sooooo very cool i was being sarcastic when i said it was cool
. but in this case an inferior product . there are better ones out there with more functionality and better quality .
this is not white chocolate . it contains no cocoa butter ! what a disappointment .
game was difficult . it played very slowly . it was inconsistent . it really was basically quite boring . do not get it . thanks
the product was not useable . it bunched up and was hard . no something you want to wrap your baby in .
no cord that connect no power it's useless it's not professional take it backi don't like ot at all
many facts , but overall just a lot of facts . rather boring . not much insight into characters , and some uninteresting people .
the belt is much wider than regular and does not go through the belt loops of many shorts and pants .
white parts can't stay on . they almost caused me an accident ! also , plugs would not stay in the handle bars .
boring . really boring . good thing it was free or i would have been upset at wasting money . do not download !
it worked but the strings broke , the bow is terrible , and i cant return it . it was a cheap violin .
the sheets are pretty but slide off the corners of the bed every night . i donated mine .
can not play unless you are on face book . i have no desire to connect to face book
very poor quality . they are thin and flimsy . there is no way thry are made for warmth or an adult .
these dominoes are very misleadingthey are paper and the description does not imply this at all . not worth the price !
its not even the same color , and it has a badge on it that doesn't show up in the pictures !
none of the info seems wrong . but it is such a short book that it bellies mere trifles of knowledge .
really ? you do know that these are sold elsewhere colors for . ? surely you cant be serious ?
when the dvd arrived the eject button did not work , neither on the actual device nor via the remote control .
i found a defect when i wore them in first day . the qulity is very poor .
new parts and the back cover doesn't close up well . and everything else was kind of dirty included the box
not impressed . smelled very weird and no benfit .
it malfunctioned on the kindle and i was unable to read it .
cant give stars . tried it on about different devices on different tvs does nothing . do not buy
its damaging my hair and so i am not using itit does not appear to be a real pantene product
i was very disappointed in the quality of the product
very disappointed this wasn't called out . pretty much just wasted on this purchase as it will not work here .
i disliked this version of marvin gaye rendition . had a copy long time ago and thought it was the same
my rhinestone was missing within weeks never again will i buy this case
i cant find song titles for this cd and was pondering upon purchasing the product on line
it was very cheaply made and did not fit my phone . had to throw it out . don't waste your money .
this dvd was definitely not worth the money . it is extremely short and very poorly done . i was very disappointed .
wanna watch hours of lies and stupid stories told by charlatans . then buy it .
i hate the brush so cheap i prefer buying another type of brush ! hate it totallysorry fake
it sucked ! . did not work and tech support never returned my e mail . waste of money
bought one for my uncles old ford and it didnt fit . i never saw it so its second hand info
when i receive this item in the mail it was brokenit is cheap material i do not recommend this product
didn't keep my attention
the graphics are great , but it doesn't really test for a liar or not . its just rng . i tested it .
the mirror is great but the rainbow colors are distracting . i get a headache when i look at my screen
don't waste your money ! it sucks and is not easy to use . i am soooooooo disappointed w logitech . go away , please .
im a side sleeper and it gave me lower back pains . i returned this item . i do not recommend it .
the case is hard plastic and will not protect your phone . looks pretty but not for protection . i am disappointed .
no place to find information . just never came . i purchased multiple items , got all of them but this . quite a disappointment !
not that good . the ipod poker game is pretty good but this ps game is not .
i have never got to play it as it will never load . i have a kindle fire hd . very annoying .
i was hoping this would work without having to use chemicals . grass and weeds just grew back . wasted my money .
determination hand strap is not included in the package . the sd card seems used . it was bought to ebigvalue . thanks
not apple certified . will not work with apple devices . tried with ipad , ipod , and my iphone c . doesn't work .
this didn't work , even after we received a replacement . drilled holes into our cabinet and now we can't use this .
horrible . did not even charge . returned day after receiving . not worth the chance at all even though it is cheap .
i was disappointed in this book . it it didn't flow very well and i was hoping for more .
not what i expected , does not taste like brown sugar cake
ashlee simpson is the worst 'artist' in the history of music .
the zipper broke easily .
hasn't bloomed yet . hasn't bloomed yet . i'll let you know what i think when or if it actually blooms ok
both thermometers registered . every time i took a temperature , so i had to return them .
i couldn't get past the first ten pages . poorly written , slow and dull , it wasn't worth reading . can't recommend it .
not loud very faint u can hardly hear it . need to look at some thing else that has a louder tone
nice system but you had to pay another for some part that actually lets you use it .
whoever made this misunderstood the word scary' , special effects make you go quot wow quot not quot aarrgghh ! quot look to the original version .
the personnel responsible for making this wretch of a film should be ashamed . way to sell out .
be careful ! this is horrible and very primitive book for non professionals !
i used this fan about hours per day for about months before the oscillating mechanism broke .
this shea butter is disappointing . i don't like the fregrance or the consistancy . i thought it would be more creamy .
the curry was too black . looked nothing like the picture !
ordered a youth large . it's for a toddler . sizing is way off . have to return and reorder . grrrr ! wrong sizing
was not too fond of it because it kept jumping from years ago to the present with out continuity
needed more birthday cards that you could share over facebook easily . was not a good app so i uninsalled it .
they don't stay on the plastic frame of my glasses . they might be better with wire frame glasses . bye bye
returned this item , quality was very poor . purchased a much nicer comparable side table at target for the same price .
ripped the first time i tried it on . it's made of cheap fabric . don't waste your money on this shirt .
this cd sounded like al jureau was drunk when he was singing it . it was his christmas album
over price , for screwdriver is too much . sears craftman onsale for a buck a pop for srewdrives .
waste of time and money . the switch did not allow enough water into the well without starting the pump prematurely .
very predictable . not that great honestly . glad it was free . i think it was so rushed and no character development .
this is way smaller than it looks in the picture !
breaks when you put it on phone the tab snaps off . would not advise to buy . not a good buy .
can't tell i have the patch on at all but , it's only been weeks , maybe it takes longer .
it had an mix up with the sizewhat i need is a sorry but this item will not fit
color is not as described . it is more of a lime or mint green rather than a sage green . returned .
yes it was a pack of , but packs of ! that equals not ! this was dishonest !
debris gets behind the metal right between the eyes , and can be seen by everyone , hard to get it out .
this is a very superficial read . the title is better than the book . don't waste your time .
didnt hold up . magnet not quite strong enough . using it now on my fridge instead of wearing it . next time .
absolute great for portly folks . i have used the inch and inch . both work . inch probably best
i was disappointed , the bubbles did not go far enough , but the children did like the sound and the lights .
this product should be delisted . god doesn't spam . he sends armies .
no drivers are yet available for this in bit os environments . it is not useable for now .
this device would not operate with apple tv or slingbox . i could not get the proper support .
worked for a couple of days . the days it worked i was happy with it . don't waste your time .
very tiny , poor quality and a big disappointment . many of the figures came with the magnet falling off the back .
all advil was stuck together in a hug clump . hand to return item
the worst shredder , doesn't even shred anything . don't work well at all . i would never buy it again , i threw it out
i expected a more in depth view of women doctors . this book just glossed over the subject . i was very disappointed .
not a good product . build no good and features not that great . spend the money and get canon products instead .
the bow on one of the rings fell off the first time i tried them on . what a blow !
can't think of a thing positive to say . no character development , unbelievably weak plot , and completely uninteresting .
very basic overview of various methods of preserving food with no real information on how to included waste of time
i ordered this magazine subscription over six weeks ago and have not yet received an issue .
this phone case is all looks with no protection . i was completely disappointed with this product . don't buy this product .
taste bad
what in god's name is this .
i am not very happy with this order product at all . all the ink cartridges have very poor quality
however easy to use this bp monitor is completely inacurrate . very disappointed .
the pack inside of the box was open and the clips were'nt in there im very disappionted about this product
lost me a few times . didn't follow where they were going . gives some glimpse into the amish life and words
this powder milk doesn't dissolve in coffee easily . have to keep stirring and de clumping after pouring in hot liqiid
product is not made well . the socks are very short . pinnacle customer service is terrible . took a month to send the socks .
this extra strenght hair remover seem to have little or no strenght . this product is not not worth the money .
i wanted these lights to put under the waterfalls but the wiring is to short , lights are to close togather
they are so small ! doesn't contain much paint in each tube the colors also are not the ones i wanted !
flimsy , holes easily ripped in netting material . i used mine twice before the handles ripped off .
doesn't cut hair , i don't know what it would be used for . so confused when i first saw it , waste
i did not find this game very much fun . pretty boring . casino games are supposed to fun and exciting . ray
gate was damaged . it fell apart as i took it out of the box . it is being returned right away .
tried this product , but it didn't seem to do anything for me , but then everyone is different , with different problems .
my gold string unraveled only a few weeks after i received it . the bracelet doesn't seem to be well made .
karaokers , beware this is pure mp file , music only , not mp g format your karaoke player would play with lirics .
the tape is no good . it does not function shortly into the film . melita thorpe
the idea is fantastic . the product needs suction cups that will adhere to a shower surface . don't waste your money .
although i liked the color and texture , the cover slides around too much and i have not really used it .
i ordered this by accident it wasn't what i wanted !
ending very confusing . starts off good but slowly goes down hill .
cheaply made wont even brush my daughters straight hair . accessories look cheap could be something better from the dollar store
good sound but only last me weeks .
dont understand how to play it and only downloaded it for my sister . already took it off of my kindle
washed and put into dryer and mattress pad melted and stuck together . i was so disappointed i tossed it out .
did not work with nexus .
i think it was funny but i think littler kids would enjoy it more than nine and upgood day !
this shirt runs a size too small . consider that when ordering and order a size up .
did not like this as i thought i would . it was hard to read and did not flow , ,
didn't get black it was navy and way too small
despite great feel and fit , one of the slippers fell apart in weeks ! total waste of money . very disappointing !
material was defective immediately upon receipt . . plus shipping . . . . would have been ok . complete ripoff disgusting
never got what i want . do not buy . they didn't even try and help me . your better off just going somewhere
very poor quality ! followed manufacturers instruction exactly and the screws stripped out mounting scope . will never buy millet products again .
the picture shows pillow cases with the prints to match the comforter , but i received solid black sheets and cases .
good while it lasted but didn't last a year with very limited use think i will try another brand next time .
its really hard to see your screen if you have you phone out side even if your in the shade
was not satisfied the smell wasn't the same . did not expect a different product from the original . packaged seemed small
my order is m size , but now i received is l size ! i cannot used , too bad !
this product didn't really work as well as reported , or maybe husband didn't hook up correctly , don't know for sure .
i should have read all the reviews before placing my order . this is not a sacd like advertised . very disappointing .
i could not relate to this story is was boring and the special effects couldn't carry this movie for me .
had high hopes and expectations both were dashed . it's ok but nothing to rave about perhaps other offerings are better .
awkward to use , doesn't stand properly . would not reccomend this case . it s only redeeming feature is it does protect
game play feels like it was designed by a first grader . very disappointing for a nancy drew game .
seemed to me a waste of time .
to expensive , but great product ! i would have bought them , but they were to expensive for just a one time thing !
im thinking not to buy any clothes by catalag , i having very bad experience with the material and sizes . sorry
i didn't even bother returning this . i actually donated it to good will . its not what i expected at all .
. drains battery . disconnection issues . not very comfortable to hold
the wristband i received was a fake , don't buy it unless you want to get ripped off !
do not waste your time on this pos
all they did was white out some of the writing , not even all of it . crappy book i regret purchasing this one .
one more bitter uber conservative hack mad at the world because others can think .
i had several batteries i would love to buy this gadget to avoid taking half a dozen chargers while travelling
it broke
got two weeks out of mine . loved it too . shame .
my expectations were higher . this garment feels like it is loaded with starch . i would not buy this brand again
this adapter comes with v label but actual output is a very stable v ! beware not to burn your device .
the story was boring . it seem as though written by a child . i deleted it right after reading . just stupid .
did not fit my vac had to returndescription is wrong
this app is poorly built . landscape mode wouldn't function correctly and every few seconds an advertising screen would pop up .
i would not buy this again . i do not know what to say , it barely worked loger then the warranty .
i recommend this juicier to beginers too ! love how fast it makes juice to all types of vegtables ! it worth the investment
easily broken screws
a total waste of hours . buy a usb wireless adapter and don't bother wasting your time with this card .
it looked interesting but was not that fun at all . very annoying sounds . i don't like it at all . boring !
pro very nice fabriccon very difficult to put on the sofa wrong colour for my room
nothing happened . the irritation went down alittle but the skin tag is still there and the smell wasn't too bad
it was nothing what i expected . basically a piece of garbage
cheeep ! chain bent after a few wearings . onyx is plastic . i threw it away .
not even as good as the battery it replaced . does not hold charge well , and runs out within . hours .
i think that there is no value to incur . it was disappointed considerably . since it is very regrettable contents , it cannot recommend .
too small and i had already bought a watch to go with it . just too expensive for what you get .
cuts just like a week old feather blade . did feel good to me , the feather brand blades seemed much sharper .
this will live in the annals of movie history as one of the worst movies ever made . horrible , horrible , horrible .
had to return headphones because ear pads were hurting my ears . looks pretty cool though and bass control really works .
i don't know what i was expecting but this was not it . don't intend to read any more of his .
it would of met expectations if the ultraviolet codes worked in us and not only in uk . item was returned
this product was featured on the dr . oz show as being helpful to lose weight . it was useless to me .
room after boring room . everything is shiny and perfect and has not a shred of soul . sister parish's legacy lost .
there is a terrible drift to the left which is impossible to overcome . go with another bird before in stead .
don t buy ! disappointed . stopped working almost immediately . he did not play with it much . should have lasted a lot longer .
you spend hours to charge and only have minutes to run , really bad item
it workedgreat for a month , and then nothing . arghhhhthe light is on like it's working but it's definitely not charging anymore
very cheap for the money and sent the wrong size ,
since you are selling your own software , this tutorial should be free for downloading . also it is far from updated .
hard to use
the lid did not fit properly . the lid looked very cheap . since it was usable i decided to keep it .
pretty flimsy
the book was poorly written . there were so many grammar mistakes and not enough details . the book could have been better .
poorly manufactured , already starting to show wear after just a few days of using it . going to be returning it .
i bought these and they broke after trimming . very disappointed and wish i had just purchased fiskars from cvs
went in with low expectations and came away with eh , it could have been worse . just a meh movie .
too sweet . got this by mistake when i thought i was ordering ruby red grapefruit drink mix . way too sweet !
this book was fairly predictable with nothing new . i was interested in some new england type recipes and was disappointed .
boot scootin' boogie not done by the oringal artis oringally done by asleep at the wheel
i really regreat and will not buy anymore . then it isn't easy to refund . i am going to threw it out asap !
i found this book boring . i know all the info given in the book already .
it is a minute commercial for teen mom . charging . for a commercial is really a new low .
very basic information on the beginning of a approach to a low carb dietnot really beneficial . would pick another book
worked great until it broke after a few hours . now it won't lift off .
. no . seriously ? just say no . this is idiotic . unless you enjoy flushing money down the toilet , do not buy this .
found the whole thing boring ! totally disgusting from the beginning to the end with bad dialogue too much brutality !
i have always loved her anna pigion books so got this one i absolutley hate it !
very cheaply made not sufficient to protect expensive phone . quality not like otter box at all was not even close .
basically , you get what you pay for . there seems to be some kind of editing on some of the episodes .
they sing and play about peace and love ! why ? that's terrible ! i don't like the vocals either !
i had to delete the game from my device . it never worked ! every time it tried to load , it crashed .
it has a weird smell and it dries my skin more than making it moist and supple . very thin gel .
did not work . returned .
a miniscule book with just basic information that you can get anywhere on the internet for free . save your money !
the watch says it is a womans but it is bigger than all the men's watches i have seen .
i used to replaced this one with the old defected one . but simply , it didn't work ! ! ! !
broken and cheap fittings . i guess for the price i should've known !
such an ugly jewelryit's too lightand it's fake
it's not working .
the cup walls seemed thin . this will cause concerns that it will crush collapse when picked up and full of liquid .
the left speaker blew out after a short while . return window is only days thought i'd share my pain .
slept right thru it it sucks do not buy if u need loud alarm clock do not by ! !
this product did not work when i received it . not good product representation . very disappointed in product .
it was too small and it broke after two days . the clip part broke and my husband's wad very upset
do not adjust very well at all . very disappointed
after all those one star ratings on yesterdays faotd . seriously ? another with extra in app purchases ? way to listen to the people .
it worked good once , then i couldn't get the clamp to hold anything the nd time i tried using it .
planted seeds according to instructions waited watered . and absolutely nothing grew . not even a hint of a sprout . very disappointed
after weeks the raiders shield is falling off from being glued on . not heavy duty at all . don't buy
i have never listened to this so i can have no real review . i don't know what else to say .
did not meet our expectations and we returned it . it was poorly made and looked cheap . not what we expected
i love everyone in this movie , but it was just so bad ! i couldn't even finish it .
have reloaded and reloaded free app of the day on kindle fire hd and still comes back with an error
does not work , no charge or audio coming through , would not recomend , do not waste your money on this product
not safe to use not ul rated material used was plastics that may be too dangerous to get caught fire
now that i did like . i'm getting it in paperback . i still do not care for any part of kindle .
my skin broke out from this product , now i don't know what i'll use it for . oiling a bike chain ?
i think that pretty much says it all .
bought this lamp and it didn't dry gels even after over minutes under the lamp . get a higher wattage .
not a real big yanni fan , but my husband is . he loves this . i enjoy the fact that he is happy !
the way it's worded the pump should of come with it ! suprise ! it didn't ! just the pad ! which is great !
beautiful story of some one imaginaci oacute n , but of electrical prime does not have anything . dont waste your money or time .
this book is more of a documentary rather than a story . lesson learned . read the sample before you purchase .
very thin and did not last long . not worth purchasing . the stars is only because i love monet .
i followed the instructions that came with the product , but it did not stop cottontail rabbits from eating my plants .
none
sleezy yellow fuzzy fabric totally turns my cats off . easy to assemble though but if cats hate it who cares ?
the cats love the taste but what's the point ? it doesn't do a darned thing for their tartar or gums .
this was nothing but hollywood fluff . no profundity or thought provoking scenarios . just audience manipulation and a ridiculous waste of time .
these things are absolutely worthless . they don't hold any hair and loom stupid i ntilde your hair . total waste of money !
don't waste your money on this . it did not fit as advertised . poor quality all the way around . . . .
got this cd for song because it wasn't an mp download . i wish it had been an mp download .
split real quick
first book of his i've read , and definitely the last . possibly the worst writer of quot popular quot fiction writing today .
product is not what is shown in the picture . the earrings are very cheap and not worth the price . horrible
doesn't charge my phone ! it worked in the beginning but then it just stopped working for me . don't buy this !
this item was not even able to open can without me turning it to help it out
bought of these all the the t junction adaptors are really very poorly contructed . none fits the hoses properly , all leak
if you like semi documentaries then you're like this book , i didn't like it and i'm sorry i purchased it .
good movies for kids to watch . well some of them . our neighbor kids enjoyed the waltons when they came to stay .
premise ludicrous plot predictable characterization wooden . and that's it .
max burton volt w ceramic heater don't bother with this thing . it doesn't heat at all . a total waste of money .
dont fit my grill . book says they do
don't buy . it a knock off and i dropped my phone once with it on and the whole front cracked .
not as funny as i expected a george wallace book to be .
where do i get the washers necessary for installation ? i expected these to be included in the order received today
not enough around the backside .
i use the belt only for times and the buckle broke in half . this is the worst product ever !
this product cannot support after one week of usage one part is broken . not good for me . thank you
there's only one , not four .
the top and bottom don't really sit flush against the case . also , sparkly . it doesn't look sparkly in the picture .
ads take up the upper corner if the screen . very poor design . i deleted this . don't waste your time with this .
i bought two for two little girls christmas gifts . one doesn't light up no matter what i try . so sad !
did not keep me engaged at all . photographic examples are the best . not recommended if you appreciate a visual guide .
they hurt my ears . no thanks . i'm glad amazon has a good return policy .
super bulky with poor access to the bottom thumb scanner .
this product is a real disappointment . i followed instructions carefully , but it does not work . i would not recommend it .
comfortable . no fly is a real issue for performance underwear . too low of a rise in the torso area . maybe .
product was not what i needed ! the description of the product before ordering was not what clear
the makeup was old , so they returned part of my money .
cant see out the passenger side mirror with or without the doors on . bad geometry . would recommend getting different mirrors
this arrived in a tattered box and did not have all the features described . i was disappointed
slack didn't work it was not work the time dloading it . i advsie u to stay away from it thanks
doesn't work as shown in the picture . i'd pass on this one next time fun factor is just not there .
this thing worked for about shutter releases then stopped . not worth the money if they gave them away . useless .
raspberry ketones . the new dr . oz . hoax apparently . i bought a bottle and didn't lose a single pound ! pure b . s .
already in the garbage . quit working on day one
very flimsy and tiny . look elswere for something more substantial . i would return but it's not worth paying the postage
i couldn't get into it . the godly praying stuff is just too unreal and irritating for me to read .
online price nerf vortex nitron all day everyday at target or walmart , refills pk of for . at walmart .
extremely disappointed that the real housewives shows aren't available the next day . or even the day after .
i was sent two cutters for doughnuts with holes . both identical with same item number . decided to keep .
the product not what i expected . it was very flimsy and did not last !
the product is attractive enough , but the straps are too far apart to provide good support for a small bag .
this garbage don't waste your money . the thing broke just extending the pole . the eyes detached from the stupid pole !
i was disapointed in the atlas book . i will look around for a another . the atlas trains are great . don .
they fell of my dog right away and i never did figure out a good way to keep them on
looks cheap , don't buy this phone cover it looks different on line , waste of money , and my time ordering
case is false advertised it is not for the macbook pro it is for the macbook air , don't buy it .
the watch works well , however the battery has started to die after only months of operation .
i never received it yet what is taking long ? this is the last time i order from you . last time !
didn't work not happy .
the clock does not stay connected to the outdoor sensor . i have set it times in days . frustrating !
shield came with blemishes on it . all i want is a new screen protectorthere is a lifetime replacement warrantythanks
didn't work on my hair at all
book was not in stock after i ordered . had to e mail vendor to received refund . refund was not automatically done .
this thing is useless and a waste of money . broke the first day .
impossible to set up , sounds terrible . get yourself a squeezebox and a nice little pair of powered speakers .
it doesn't work with my dell vostro . i've tried other ssd's and work just fine , but not this one .
not sharp at all , knife completely fell apart cause screws holding it together fell out . not good at all
this so called anti ant pet bowl does not work . it didn't even slow down the ants . don't waste your money .
this item was suppose to have noise reduction when in use you can hear other people on the line talking
the stone kept falling out of one of the earrings . sometimes quality can be sacrificed for a good deal , tho .
the dvds didnt have the right content on them . they were all mixed up each cd have another cds content
way too small , even for my medium size hand . this is going back .
breaks easily
ugly
lots of money for a very cheaply made costume . costume bags at the bottom , head does not stay in place .
interesting story but very hard for me to read since author decided to write the story using local british slang .
to little didnt fit . some how it was not for a galaxy inch . but the color was great very pretty
i followed the directions and this did not work on my s . very disappointed . it was a waste of money .
these gloves started falling apart two days after i received them . sizing was way off as well . would not recommend .
looks like tiny samples . a squeeze of lipstick and lip gloss . i had to give to my teen daughters couldn't use .
does not taste very good to me .
after hours of trying with tech support could not connect to my fios . love most apple products , usually just work .
did not work
this is too sensative . sprayed my dog everytime he moved or we made a noise in the room .
it didn't work . i ordered and none of the sand worked . don't waste your money on this terrible product .
every time i try to submit an application or upload a resume the app exits to the kindle home screen .
sorry but i asked for an all english edition and was sent the combined language with the subtitles in english .
at first i liked this trim business card case until it was damaged , bent , from ordinary use in my purse .
i couldn't finish this one . i'm not a huge fan of cookie cutter characters , i need some flaws , some contradiction .
cheapest things i ever touched . they don't even work right and you have to bare down to hard to use .
we used this product and my daughter still got lice . it smells nice but not worth the money for prevention .
i keep getting an error message when i try to download the program . i have no problem with other downloads .
this case is not as it is described . there is nothing hard about this case . don't waste your money . bad buy !
i just subscribed to the tv guide kindle blog , and i can't find it on my kindle !
seems pretty expensive for stickers .
that's about it , they screwed onto the base backwards . most annoying . now a few more words needed for the minimum .
well , . the vcr portion has no picture , but the sound . what a pos .
my brother this app is dangerous for younger children , my brother had this app and it did so many bad
these shoes are very narrow . extremely loud squeaky noise when walking , they run extremely small . my toes were hanging off
plugs up almost instantly . useless . this product deserves negative stars ! i have not one thing positive to say about it .
the movie was predictable and boring . i couldn't even finish watching the climax . jeff still did a good job always .
medium oak more like scrap wood all wood pieces were cracked , terribly shoddy construction for over a hundred dollars ?
the story was too short . should have been longer and more attention done to the story line
it broke days after i got it and i don't have time to send it back for another one
worst book i've read on elvis not enough about elvis mostly about larry gellerlwould never buy another book by him .
can't hear the phone in this case . to dig . didn't use clip . sorry sorry to hear that you can be used
it's not worth the ninety nine cents . don't get it the game isn't at all what i thought it would be
it's a good cover but the belt clip is not very good broke it in minutes of st use .
this tank does not hold me in very much and i am constantly pulling it down . it creeps up terribly .
if you are looking for something to puff on when quiting smoking this isn't it . tastes like barn yard hay .
didn't work , or fit my head . might get turtle beaches next time . not worth the money so think about it
did not like this perfume very much . smelled cheap and the scent didn't last at all . disappointed .
this was way more information than we needed on our short visit . the guide for historic istanbul was all we needed .
it is about to be trashed . what a waste of ! i do not receive a single channel without interference .
don't even bother with this one . a waste of money and the song can give you a headache .
pour quality . not what i was expecting . not heavy to carry the cell phone well . i don't like it .
i wish i had read these reviews before buying this incredibly small suit
lasted only a few days before burned shorted out ? using it while taking photos , maybe that is problem ? i don't know
it's been a good month now that this viynl has been out of stock . please help !
far too weak , dont like it at all , it doesnt provide enough flow , and the solar panel sucks . terrible product .
i lose interest after a few games . i have probably not developed the needed skills yet . i will keep trying .
the thing stops working after four months , thumbs down
size too small !
got my replacement . still f'd up ! same problem . just wanted to add my .
very long story with whole chapters that didn't need to be . terrible , unfinished ending . not worth the time to read !
you not to send me .
this cereal may be he worst i ever tasted it may be natural but the berries are quite unpalatable .
i didn't work as i thought it would . i was using it as a wifi antenna . i made a mistake
this memory foam mattress topper was very comforable but it did not cool like they said . so i returned it .
this is advertised as being mac compatible , but unless your mac is very old , it will not work .
did not download ! i synched and went to cloud to install but it wasn't there . i have a kindle fire .
this bed says medium , but it is very small . not happy . my small pom dog does not fit in it !
many of the hangers fell off their hooks so not well glued . some cross bars were not attached well .
doesn't fit double bob or double bumbleride . although it's pretty obvious from the picture , we tried it , to no avail .
bad writing , bad storyline , typical fake romance of the ugly girl getting her prince charming . annoying , silly , ridiculous , hated it
don't waste your money . flat iron stopped heating up at all in about months . purchase a better product .
way smaller than i expected . every time i open one it breaks . can't clip them to anything . worthless clothespins fail
i was expecting a pack of sharpie fine point markers of per pack . i received exactly marker . it's a fraud .
very flimsy product . the white lettering was worn off on several letters . was hoping for a little bit better quality .
some things i expect . unfortunatly it was my mistake to expect speed dial , because there was none .
i did no work i tried on diferent tvs and dis not work waste of money i don't recomend
there was no tube on the inside to get the serum out . i had to put it into another container .
they run a bit small . they aren't really soft .
the control box just wont work . i bought this last year and am quite upset that it would not work .
most of the book was describing crude sex and too rough for my taste . this bizarre attraction doesn't make sense .
came in broken . not happy
looks pretty but really not that useful . my kids enjoyed it more than me . an these books aren't the best quality .
smell good but it doesn't last longer not even hours so i wouldn't recommend this product for any one
this one was better than the last two releases , but no where near as good as the original three .
bought this as it was offered along with the zi , but it does not fit .
not good . only charges if laying flat , sideways , not upright . will not allow phone to connect to laptop at all .
this gusseted pillow was too high . ordered a second regular pillow and they sent the gusseted again . gave both away .
didnt work
i did not see any difference used two bottles . i will not buy more , will not recommend to buy sorry .
not very accurate or it was defective
creating customer evangelists has little about how to create customer evangelists . lots of stories of lucky companies .
this movie is absolutely ridiculous , you have to be kidding me this is pathetic
i thought that this was a picture book , but it's not . i don't download previews anymore , i look inside , instead .
this was my least favorite book in this series . i could not get into the mystical , more emotional approach of teresa
i love freestyle music , but i didn't like this cd too much .
the ladybugs detach from the metal rings very easily . we've ordered them twice and both batches had the same issue .
unsatisfied
it doesn't work at all !
the magnets are about across and are too weak to hold up a dog leash or anything else useful .
i like a no fuss bra , but this was just to much bra . i returned it . well made . no bounce .
does not work , even with enclosed soft ware , or anr software , ie junknot worth the monery to sending back
these baskets are way smaller than i expected ! i wouldn't have paid . per basket if i knew this small
app did not open
this hat would only fit an infant . don't buy for any child bigger than that . not for a toddler of any age .
i bought the rest of the images and it wants me to buy them all of the images over again .
the mold laughed at this stuff . didn't touch it , wondering if it's just water . stick with good old fashioned bleach !
the item is good quality butthe faucet is loose and there is no way to tighten the faucet neck .
i have purchased many things in the blossoms blooms line . these were not of the same quality , wrinkled badly .
omg ! dont buy it ! this is not her best album !
do not buy , they are using real rabbit fur but calling it faux ! deceptive and murderous ! do not buy ! .
fabric doesn't feel comfortable at all on my skin . cheap , but you get what you pay for . try something else .
it was broken didn't vibrate but it gets the job done as far as penis vbulletin shaped objects can go
they suck . bleed out to much ink . nothing against the seller but the product is inferior . wont be buying any more
didn't work
the top get verey dutiy fast a i can wash and waash them and thay stay dutiy .
why didn't it come ? i still don't have one and i had no idea that it was not coming . thanks .
not really what i expected . wanted more information . served my purpose i guess . i got more info free on net
these earbuds are heavy and hard and very uncomfortable . they don't stay in the ear easily . i regret purchasing them .
these are useless , they break easily and if you are a slightly bigger than average male , they'll be too tight
they stated that the book was used by almost new and it was very , very used weared outfalse advertisment
it worked for about days and as of it doesnt even charge my phone ! very disappointed with this product !
do not download this app ! it will not load and it will tell you to try again over and over !
good app but it keeps freezing and force closing . wish i could get my money back . free apps are better
not good , waste of money . they had me eating more . every one is different . i just don't recommend them . not
unfortunately , the wallet looked really nice but was too small to hold my husband's license much less any other cards .
it literally gives u the answers of the question because the song bit given has the answer in it . sucks
was not impressed . uninstalled it after playing it just once . not a terrible app , just not the app for me .
i am still waiting for this product to show some signs of activity . it just seems like sweet candy .
this game is a stupid ripoff cuz i thought it was for third graders well . the math is took ezee
this book is totally not worth the money . there should be some sort of warning on the front cover .
material is cheap and ive had this for a few months and it already cracked . do not recommend to anyone
seemed cheaply constructed and rattled in the ferrule between first two sections . i opted for another more expensive option
i only had pieces in my order and some of them i didnt order . not happy at all ! what happened ?
why has amazon pushed the prices up on many of its newer releases . i will not purchase .
this book was quite disappointing . it wasn't written like a book , but is just a list of facts and thoughts .
backside of the case got scratched extremely fast . not worth its' money . better for wd to make backside same as front side
stopped working after a week . the data transfer was very , very slow at about gb per hour of transfer speed .
took me forever to finish it . story just didn't flow . couldn't identify with the characters .
don't waste ur money paint came right off ! waste of money cheap stuff get something better not even a month
irregular scale
when i wash them the corners curl up and i think they haveshrunk a little also . not what i expected .
i only received volume one .
doesn't taste like and green tea latte ever tasted . don't think there is actual matcha in this . tastes artificial . bleh .
a little hokey .
horrible ebook ! i wish i could get a refund ! it doesn't even a simple table of contents to find passages .
this nail polish is watery and does not adhere to the dogs nails . a waste of money and smells awful .
my smart key still showing low battery even i tryed all new batteries i get .
i am not impressed at all by this book . it could have actually been a pamphlet instead .
sent back after hours of getting camped out . s ty game . only upside was the cool scopes for the guns
small and cheap looking .
this book is ok , nothing great here . i prefer a book with more actual photo's . i wouldn't buy it again .
love them , but this cd didnt have the right choices for me .
my cat ate it for the first few days and then stopped . she won't touch it now .
there is no power supply for europe for this item . so if you ara from europe dont buy .
just like the title says , the teeth on the nut broke when i was tightening it down on the upper
awfully , boring . monotonous , monotone dialog . stopped halfway thru and trashed it . don't waste your
did not meet the expectations , as seen in advertising .
we got this as a free download and it was worth every penny , if you know what i mean .
not what i expected from this author . he is a much better writer than what he reflects in this book .
never received the item . did not notify me that item was not in stock !
i've bought nexus chargers from this company both where total trash , just electronic garbage doesnt work at all
it is a cheaply made piece of junk . it automatically starts playing music when you dock the phone to it .
does not fit in the samsung series . no one tells you this . not the facing l shape sata connector you need .
i had the cord only a month and it doesn't work anymore . i will purchase anything else from the brand
terrible writing , terrible plot , terrible characters , terrible grammar , terrible storytelling , terrible portrayal of a believable reality , terrible ending , just terrible .
its cheap and way to much for the quality , you could buy other better ones for less price that's all
needs to be ironed before putting it on bed .
canned novel , no plot character development , went no where , obvious ending . why write it . i want a refund
i know the world is changing , but this is sufficient for those learning the fundamentals .
my package arrived undamaged but the super pet habitat defined pod package was opened , and missing the bird treat stick .
snap with the extra leather hanging out and wobbling back and forth looks very unattractive .
dissapointed . . the right speakers went out in me after weeks of owning it ! really wish these had worked out !
broke when i took them out the box very weak
never got and comp blamed the mail system for and never responded back to me .
the product description says that the socks stretches up to inches wide where it does not strech inches .
short and dumb
a week ago i bought that mat at local store . antistatic ? no , it's not antistatic at all . just pure crap .
this case was suppose to fit my phone , htc evo but doesn't close once you put the phone it in .
doesn't do anything but display a page of gibberish about apple's operating system . don't download , it's a waste of time .
i thought it was the song remixed w calvin harris , they should say that instrumental . not cool at all ok !
i must need elements for total idiots . this was just not that helpful .
difficult to apply . left bubbles after countless efforts with card sent in package . started to peel off in just days .
it would probably be worth watching , if you could get passed that annoying , distracting , get rid of background music !
it's super dark hard to read
this extension cable did not work . i need to return it . please provide directions to do so . thank you so much .
parts were broken . worked in theory , but dripped when it did work
they are made out of really hard plastic , the dogs could care less about them , they were a waste of money
don't bother . it deserves a quarter star just for existing . a very poorly written book , i could barely finish it .
not much substance and infrequent update . the ap business blog and new york times latest news are far far better .
i will return the relaxback is not supportive enough .
setup was a little confusing but after it was setup it often drops the connection . would not recommend this one
it is a rubber demon from hell that destroys relationships and makes your life less meaningful . thanks a lot interdesign .
i have several michael kors purses , and this is not one . this is just a plain purse that they sold .
definitely a complete waste of time . the worst movie i've seen in a long , long time . no plot , horrible acting .
the size of this hoop game is laughable . the ball has no air inside and it's flimsy . do not recommend
although the claim is easy you would still need to be a bit proficient in crossword puzzles . just my opinion .
not funny , uninterestingly perverse in a non sexual way normally interesting actors trapped in a truly awful movie .
summary do you have it ? well elvis had it . gee thanks that was worth . notthis book does not have it
was ok . wish there was more to the story . could have used some transitioning between leaving to move in with kirk
this product only worked for a few minutes on xmas day . piece of junk ! avoid this product , by all means .
it's nice packaging is nice but way to expensive for not many pics besides that it is good bright colors
many clips don't open enough to be useful
waste if money . does not stick that well and falls off many times . would not recommend this product to anyone .
game was damaged
first time i wore this , the soccer ball fell off the chain ! so now i just have a cheap chain !
flimsy plastic . doesn't stay on the ipad , because it is about inch too big . completely unusable .
my daughter had this only a week before the handles broke off and we had to throw in the garbage .
bought two of these . one is still working other only shoots a foot after two days of use . poor quality .
i prefer ties instead
piece of garbage . shuts off while using . not user friendly . hard to navigate . very disappointed in dell to sell junk .
the y part where the cable splits to the sync and audio broke in month . cheap product , don't buy .
its junk
don't look much like the real thing . i purchased dough ornament with red ribbon online . much better than these . pass
unwatchable . amateurish acting , editing , dialogue . looks and sounds like a home movie . awful in every way .
this is stolen content ! do not buy !
apparently this was also a school assignment from the author's high school . lots of assumptions . i don't think so . no
very trendy telling of dr strange origin , not the dr strange i have known . also terrible art work .
it is smaller than i anticipated . much to small , to be used , in a bath , that has a large household .
i had trouble playing a private match . i cant play with my friend . other than that its a good app
too small .
some good thoughts , buried among the verbiage . difficult to comprehend at times . college level .
trying to get past the prelim info . ask me later . not into it yet and struggling to involve with the characters .
when i boil water the copper expands and creates some small leaks . once cool , it holds water again just fine
such a sad depressing movie . i didn't bother watching more than minutes of this .
it felt like a menthol ! i didn't even feel anything . notfor me . ! . i had returned itso yeaa
not really the best case . it broke but that's what you get for a cheap plastic case . cute design though .
it working fine but , for not worth it compare to other speakers the quality sound same as speaker .
this mirror fell apart while taking it out of the box . i returned it the same day i received it .
dreadful game play . very glad i got this when it was free so i didn't have to waist money .
terrible . lots of errors . mistakes in tests . barron' coop hspt tachs is a much better book , you can actually understand this one .
expected real photos of art deco interior design and the book contains only cartoons . and cartoons of very poor designs .
these binoculars came defective . the focus knob was completely stuck .
no music , i had to return it . it was very cute , but something was defective in the one we got .
comes with screws and bolts that don't match . horrible .
stopped working and will not charge after just weeks and minimal usage .
the audio quality is very poor in this movie . so much that i stopped watching it at mins . in .
it's not made to securely fit my model phone even though the description states it's made for my model phone
what is the point of it all u do is kill zombies u can do that in call of duty
i am very unsatisfied with this product because i never got the item i paid for ! don't waste the money !
same as the last pine book i bought , has old stuff that no one even likes anymore , needed fresh ideas .
product seems to be of adequate quality , arrived on time , and for the right price . but , unfortunately they're made in china .
horrible item ! please don't waste your time or money . it was one of the cheapest looking watches i ever saw .
slow , and didn't get the texts quite often .
this doesnt work very well we never ended up using it ! interferred with our wireless internet
vdbdtnh xfbdfthetb dfbdfbdgb . dgbdgbg dgbdbdg dgdfbdfbdvvv .
i just got mine and the black border around the phone is breaking already . i recomend using your money elsewhere
replaced all batteries in my solar lights not one of worked . never buy this product again . sending them back .
this did not work
i don't recommend this product to anyone it is a very cheap product that gives crap i hate this product
there good for one day ! wasting money
it says that the tools are included but they aren't . thumbsticks are black too by the way . bunch of crap !
did not work with my phone . i had to remove the case in order for my phone to stay on .
its useless . please don't waste your money on it . you still get static charges shocks ! wasted my money in it .
interfering with the os of my desktop pc . had to toss them out ! not a very good purchase at all .
don't waste your time . it's a poor minecraft clone . it's not worth the space on your kindle , tablet , or phone .
i found the book informative but elementary . i expected more depth than what was contained in the author's analyses .
didn't work worth a damn .
i was hoping for something to actually wrangle with , but it's mostly for looks and that's all it's good for .
they were placed in several different windows that flys frequented but never caught any . waste of money for us .
these do stick will i've used others that were better . very poor quality .
the remote itself does work but it did not come with the built in motion plus as described . overall pretty disappointed .
the acting was really great , but i got very bored with the story line long before the movie was over .
this story has been written many times over . was hoping i'd see a fresh take , but no , same old , old !
does not work with my phone or any of our other devices
doesn't work on the kindle fire . we downloaded and removed times wouldn't work . really bummed i like games like this .
got two uses out of it and it is completely dead . will update once i've heard back from manufacturer .
not a good story in my opinion . i just couldn't get into the characters at all .
good bass decent mid tones , my question is where the high tones is ? the right price is
this just a table of contents no complete works included . i thought i was getting a poe omnibus , good thing its free
not one i would want to read the sequel to . it was a struggle to get through . plot was sluggish .
they looked a lot cuter in the picture . when i tried them on my husband said , they look pretty dorky .
its not real leather ! they are big !
too small couldn't get it on the color was pretty but way way too small didn't look like the picture
cell phone is okay , but high price . if i got another chance , i will return this phone back , do not recommend
so disappointed in this product . it messed up my computer and then restocking fee for this . rated
are really big pills that smell awful . and dont work . which is a real shame bc its a great idea
looks like a product of good quality , but it's way too small for a t jacket . had to return it .
easy to install but . there are two bubbles that will not clear .
broke at the screw housing when i was trying to install them . cheap material .
the money can be better spent on a nice glass of wine .
they did not ever grow i just wonder why
i'm sure they're perfectly fine pins , but they are too wide for the brand of beds i need to bunk .
it was beautiful and my husband wore it to work and it wouldn't keep time . i was disappointed about that .
a survival knife won't cut thru a rope , then how do you survive ?
i ordered nautica n , metal band asin b glxethey shipped the wrong watch nautica indigo , red leather band
the hdmi cable worked great for about days and then stopped working would not recommend the product or company .
film was more like stars . it was ok . slow and boring abit . needed better writing . acting was just ok .
i had a really difficult time getting into this novel until about of the way through it . two stars .
this product is simply a highly perfumed gel . i can't believe i fell for it .
ordered two in may . one lasted to july and burst . wondering how long the second one will last .
sent wrong case .
wake me up when this is over , how boring ! , sorry , dave , but you miss roger ! .
don't know why , but did not fit my b olympus battery . total waste of money .
this product is questionable . i tried it and it is difficul and to be honest hard to use especially in public
the storyline is hard to follow and does not make much sense . the characters are one dimensional in two worlds
the product was good but it was not the color you selected for that reason was not my total satisfaction . thanks
screen protector separated when installing and dust easily accumulates under it . hard to view screen .
it sucks . i didn't find it to be a libraryit was only a few words then have to pay for rest
sent the wrong fragrance , sent la nuit de l'homme , not original . very displeased , picture should reflect the actual product sent .
didn't even worked for a week . not worth buying . wish i can get my money back . will not recommend to anyone .
be aware ! the mixes are no longer than minutes . these were much to short for what we needed .
my son loves his new hat ! he wanted something different and he loves it ! great quality and good price here .
awful experience with taxcut or h r block . i will never buy h r again . turbox is my choice next time .
fast read . strange story , hard to imagine it could happen in real life , but life is crazy so maybe .
it is very week doessnt actually restrain partner the rud fuz falls off very easily . . . . .
way too tight .
be careful of permissions required by apps . this is another big brother wanting to know where you are . no thanks .
it is weird . it is not fit into my tablet pc . i hate this products dont buy it !
too large overall very boxy . not what i expected in size and it was an extra small . very disappointed .
enjoyable stories , but the writing lacks skill and energy . the author needs to hire an assistant for proofreading and editing .
as others have noted these pads are both small and thin . probably only good for injections and cleaning small cuts .
boring didn't get past first few chapters . author took a charming setting and did nothing with it . no peter mayle !
the mastering of this cd is just awful . i'll never buy anything from this record company again .
there is nothing so satisfying as paying to replace a brittle carafe for a coffee maker .
the storyline was appropriate and relevant aligned with today's relationship issues . however , the dvd was received as damaged upon receipt .
nothing magic here ! everything's available free on google . nothing about watching videos movies or working offline . i was so disappointed
sucks . ! don't waste your money .
it kinda sucksit has the weirdest titleits hard to understandandthe tune at the beginning is hilarious
it is cheap made and not worth the time or worth the money that i spent on it so pass
sorry to tell that the xbmc was not as described in the website , no xbmc programs run as it should
i don't like to have to keep buying each area to look at human anatomy . they take advantage of you .
it was not what i that it was , i that it was a rc truck so it was no good item .
i bought this cd a while back and i am very dissapointed . ill never buy spacemonkeys ever again
very cheaply made . i would expect it to fail any time now . does not have a confidence on this product .
these bullies don't stink , but they don't last very long . dog's did like them though . i won't buy them again .
sucked
i expected original runtime with a replacement part . it charges to but drains the first in under minutes .
you get what you pay , this case won't last a month .
cheap chain though cover is sturdy . broke after th time . never going to use this stupid brand . stay away from it .
snapped off the belt clip after getting snagged on my seatbelt . very cheap . get what you pay for . don't buy it .
this is worthless it's so confusing and stuff someone help me ! p . s , my roblox username is infiniteaxeofgimli add me and bye !
not bad . but not good either
poor quality it kept starting and stopping and the content was very disappointing . i would not recommend it at all .
did not work on my dog . maybe some dogs respond but mine does not .
stopped working after couple of month , would not recommend
dented board because of poor packaging . the board works well . first time i receive something damaged from amazon . ! dont buy !
shirt does not have pocket
starts hard , takes awhile to get up to speed , speed lever gets in the way , once it's going it's fine
its difficult to use when ur hands shake , i didnot like it .
didn't fit correctly , the top piece keeps falling off .
upset , i did not get to use it was broken upon arrival . i guess i will have to look elsewhere .
much too complicated for the lay man . i deleted it and got a simpler one
terrible case . doesn't fit properly and poor quality , very cheap hard plastic . this should be worth , will be returning .
one of this unit's three power pins broke the first time i plugged it in .
poor quality and no assembly instructions dont buy . i dont think its smart to buy this lift set . got it
very irritating soap , dries skin , very little fragrance . would not buy again . probably toss what i bought . avoid is best move
the desk is adequate but has a cheap feel to it . you get what you pay for .
its fake ! i got it and try to use it and it did not work so ! dont buy it ! ok
got bored with it so i didn't finish and then went back to read the other reviews and lost interest
these brushes are rough , the bristles fall out and they smell horrible ! don't waste your money ! these are nothing but junk !
thought it was longer . amd theres no anime on the lights movements . also took a long time to get here
it was not gauge that i was sent
people could not hear me .
a recitation of facts . maybe gideon welles wasn't the most interesting man in history but no one is this boring
this is just a deck of conversation starters . it was a big waste of money and i've already deleted it .
it lasted days before the tabs broke off and would no longer stay on the phone . save your money .
yikes this had the same writing and acting levels as the scenes between in a cinimax softcore late night porn
cause i purchase these and thought it was something else and had to pack it up and send it back .
children do you not notice that you have to now wait for energy to do photo shoots ! ? talk about repulsive
i wanted more . just not what i expected someone seeking to get revenge for such a petty immature problem .
didn't work on our roaming stray cats
picture quality was good but it is a low budget movie that comes to an end without showing any solution .
i like some of the other giovanni products , but this product didn't do anything to add volume to my hair .
specially called mac and they recommended , but when we placed it on the pad on keyboard , the computer definitely overheated .
i did not expect much but this thing doesn't workvery poor quality wont line up with camera lenswould not recommend
i tried to give this movie zero stars . and since ther is nothing good to say , this review is over
bought if these units , one did not light up well and the other broke after a month
i love this game so much . i bought a second copy to give to my nephew .
these lights are not bright at all . i had high expectations for these . these are junk don't buy these lights
my dogs usually like dingo products , but not this kind . tried a few different times , so i threw rest away
disappointed , pairs have worn out after wearing and washing two times .
great looking case . fits perfect but no one could hear me when i called them . it's on its way back .
would not recommend this . it looks very cheap and bends easily . not pleased with this android case cover at all .
this game is terrible . the olderone is so much better . all of the things that are different are just decorations .
received two shampoos ! i was suppose to receive one shampoo one conditioner as advertised . not happy ! won't order again .
they rip very easy
i am used to the fast paced games . this is a lot slower than i like but not a bad game .
this case is not worth it . it is garbage . i was unable to use my buttons through the phone case .
i didn't get it yet the same problem with the slice retractable cord toasteri can't believe it why ?
i was initially turned off by the violence . the complex number and relationship of characters lost me ! i got bored .
i received this item only to find out it won't fit any newer m digital cameras by leica . buyer beware .
should of in big bold words jo yhu khopihj pojpiouj pi poijhphpioh piohjpiohpioj pojpihuj p hihi ohi niophjiphj jhpojpo oihjihikhj jhph iogoiu nhpihioph h ihi hj hjpih
yes , i did not think it was only a five piece set for that price no thank you sending back
i sent them right back after i put them on . they were awkward looking and didn't feel super comfortable . bummer
this is not worth the price , cheap plastic . worst case ever . don't spend your money , look for better price . waste
one of the most boring nonsensical books . ridiculous characters , very talky , unrealistic plot . don't waste your time .
expected sausage patties . wife couldn't form them . flavor was worse , fed to dogs . i'll keep looking for a better product .
this comic is so dumb , dont wast your time on it , unlest you like half naked cheer leaders running a round . we
the green goes with nothing inside my house . keep in mind the plugs outlets are stationary and don't pull out !
they would not grow . i know how to garden and grow , but these wouldn't come up . will not buy again .
there is a picture of multiple dampeners yet you are only buying two . you cannot even tell which two . very misleading .
i don't like at all . it just suck . poor made . hate it hate it hate it hate it
some what light weight , my intention was for something with more that lb pulling power . concept is very good
meh .
kinda cool but . it only sticks for about seconds at a time . and i need to have total words .
this item does not works at all ! we through it to the garbage as it not open nothing ! thank you
don't bother . not all installed apps show on their list and those you close continue to restart . a rip off .
too slow
garbage do not buy waste of money broke down with in two weeks now have broken coffee maker
i dont think this charger is compatible with the iphone it says not compatible with the device ugh ugh
the lights did fit exactly right and one area of the plastic was cheaply made and broke after one week .
this dictionary is horrid . it's full of mistakes , and multiple meanings of words are not explained . a catastrophe .
did not like this case at all . it looked diffrent in picture ! the color is disgusting . do not remmond this to anyone
i hung strands on my back patio and they have all quit working after only a couple of weeks .
they only lasted a week ! i would not recommend this to anyone
that think is buzzing on everything , lamp floor tv , radio etc . don't waste your money on that . pure quality junk ! rw ok
i have an iphone s and it does not fit in this case . i didn't return it too much hastle .
this gun is advertised as the spring powered m b bolt action rifle . however , this gun is actually the tsd sd .
first the book was too short . second it could of been written by a year old . no substance whatsoever .
my shaver did not come with a cleaning system so i wasted my money and it is not worth returning
refused to install on my android tablet as it wasn't for my device . i stated it was for a tablet .
all i get is a awful music video i can't turn off , i can't even find the menu screen .
the plates are cool but much smaller than described i was not happy with this purchase . would not recommend
wake up people ! obama is just another and more dangerous puppet of the new world order . prisonplanet . tv
does not tell you anything you have not heard before . basic material . needs more detail , just replay of material heard before .
returned them . they fit okay , but just didn't like the color at all . evidently levi has changed their denim processing .
smells good . thats the only good thing . i would not recommend or repurchase . came out sticky and gross .
the book was an ok read . the plot was really slow and there wasnt much of a mystery to it .
you get what you pay for . these are priced cheap for a reason . they are junk . don't waste your money .
terrible support . i would , not recommend this support to my worst enemy . stay away from this product . i cant believe they sell this support
i should have read more reviews about this not being big enough for peoples phones . def . does not fit mine .
it did not hold my interest . it was a bad choice on my part . i have nothing more to say .
the dock does not hold the phone steadily . it wobbles around and is only supported by the actual charging input .
not what was expecting . it came with a micro usb was looking for a lighting connector for phone .
the case did not fit the phone as i expected from the review of the product . that was the torch
hard to really score other than . my mice cube , my calico . nuff said . natural selection wins .
this iron did not work properly the first time i used it . i returned it for a refund .
you sold me a fake copy of the game , i sent the item back and was never refunded
it broke very quickly . what looks like metal is actually plastic and rather brittle . the lens is fine , but small .
. a furor would have started over this had umg tried to release it unless its grey market from tiawan
phone does not work and it was never reset the software cant be returned to original software horrible ! return asap
only works in standby less than hours . basically unusable in any situation where cannot check recorded files daily . cheap
after you get three or four cig butts in it it's already full . way too too too too too small
i bought in different sizes . while they seemed to stand up , they immediately fall flat . nice concept , poor execution .
i have yet to receive this book . ordered in february , card has already been charged . please send book .
i have tried and tried . all i get is a error can't download message . don't know how to get my money back .
a badly written rehash of material well covered elsewhere . skip the book and read the original source material instead .
don't like it . i deleted it . didnt help me much and i am somewhat good at puzzles working off clues .
we found the coils uncomfortable .
treat pocket came apart within minutes , not at all satisfactory . previous nylabone treat balls have been great , wont try another
i was disappointed that i paid . for a book that was warped from coffee or water .
very cheap product . had it weeks and it broke and i take very good care of my equipment . very poorly made .
this cheap produst is so thin it is see through . sorry i spent the money
letters were coming off of the front like the paint was not any good . had to fix the paint myself .
waste of money don't buydoesn't work all the claims are not true you better put your money on better things
i am not understand how to use , but i keep it this undercover . let see maybe i like it later !
housing lens cap doesn't fit
i don't blame this device i'm just realize i'm not a bluetooth headset people . did have any issue returning it .
this should not be for sale , instead should be ideal for sample way to much money
the mouse is not friendly , the remote should have mouse and stop button .
i had to return this item . it hugged the curves too much . would be better for someone with a perfect figure !
no significancenot an easy read based on other books of simular subject matter . i would not recommend this book
criminal minds is on this station every day but is not available on this app . disappointed .
sadly i was not able to make this work the saw was loose when i attached the laser guide .
it does not work charge the iphone even though it advertises that it does . a complete waste of my money !
bought for my daughter and it did not work with her iphone . it is not compatible as advertised . buyer beware .
wow , glad this garbage was free . whoever paid for this i would demand your money back . this totally blows chunks
this book was extremely boring , it barely focused on the zombies at all . it was , pardon the expression , very preachy .
interested in the promise of an enjoyable prostate massage for all men , but item fails short in providing the benefits .
the fitting is not comfortable
too much money for the product . not happy at all . upset child . very upset parents . we won't be doing this again
the camera on my kindle hd fire stinks so this wont work for me im sure its a ok app
broke after year and the other one i have barely puts out any moreall together . bad purchase for me
pulled product from packaging , installed new batteries , did not work ! checked all conections and tried differnt batteries . very poor quality . very disappionted .
cheap cheap cheap cheap
it wasn't what i expected . i thought the kindle would slid in . need more selection of a selection for kindle hd .
i hate this product , is not clear , and you can't take the bubbles out , i do not recommend this product
i think in their attempts to look objective the authors weren't as hard hitting as i had hoped they would be .
the remote works well , but the case already has a couple cracks in it after using it for a month .
people need to open there eyes and think for themselves . instead of following some fairy tale . get a grip people .
stools arrived instead of a rocker . spent a great deal of time sending back and correcting payment .
weak muddled plot , not downloadable to a standard windows pc . i feel this should have been explained before purchase . sorry .
i bought this in feb and now it's only may . this cable doesn't work anymore ! it's frustrating ! don't buy it
idk how ot os but i looks super boring . i'm not wasting . on an app that looks boring .
get this one if you have to , but there is a lot of new information in the th edition
the bars were too short and the wings aren't as detailed as in the picture
not what i thought it was going to be . and a disappointingly abrupt ending made it super lame . too bad .
not as good as my previous gen model . eq sucks big time . hate the auto hold function . battery life blows .
it was the right size but looked too baggy . i wish you had a better selection of cotton sportswear !
what a disappointment . i was falling asleep listening to this . bought for xmas gifts . they are being returned to amazon .
far from what i thought it i would be getting ! dont think it explains very well what the video is .
it did not fit my kindle . not sure if i received the incorrect cord or i ordered the wrong one .
based on the recommendation in game informer , but it force closes on my lg g x . i am disappoint . word . word .
cheap for a reason . bought two , not even two weeks later one is broken . save your pennies and look elsewhere .
essentially , one or two typed pages of text . any web search would have brought back more info and richer content !
bland , washed out , pale . i chose it for the bright colors and was sorely disappointed . i sent them back immediately .
not really crazy about this mahjong game .
cheap looking and very bulky . not like the picture at all . i was not happy with the product . not good
everything about this book is cruel
not as bad as i heard , but bad enough . i'm glad i didn't pay to see this movie . wasted time .
i'd rather hear roseanne sing the national anthem again than this group .
i'll be nice and just say that i was disappointed in the fabric , the look and the fit .
shoe runs large and is a bit clunky looking . it was not really that comfortable for my feet .
all five of the discs in the pack were bad . finally got one to work after multiple attempts .
i was expecting a scientific or arithmetical method in this book . or at least something based on probabilities . not recommended .
tried on my kindle fire hd . kept getting an error saying that the necessary playback files could not be found .
frequent interruptions of static are painful to listen to and reduce my useage of this device .
when i went to order theses there was no size chart that makes it easier but they were to small
there is almost nothing you can do without making purchases . i deleted it . this is filler words . this is filler words .
worked for week and died . do not buy do not buy . a waist of time and money . enough said .
this water bottle leaks . i would not buy one again . i bought it because it is dishwasher safe supposedly .
fell apart after one use . good for only use . waste of money . wish i had bought another mattress pad
this was ok i liked the first story but after that nuns wouldn't even blush go from hot to not
this guy sounds alot like snow informer . enjoy !
no blueberries to be found , they use blueberry concentrate to create a skittle like nodule . not any blueberry flavor .
did not fit the battery pack that it was ordered for . total waste of my time and money . this sucks
how can i judge this book without having been there . impossible for me to judge without experiencing his painand suffering
this dvd had sound probkems but not worth the hassle of returning it . the music is louder than the dialogue .
rubber got rubbed off . too much friction now do not buy . waste of money also over priced do not buy . very very lousy
it wasn't what i thought it would be about . i had a different idea of what i thought chautauqua was .
not what i expected !
didn't even hold up for a day . clasp broke with in hours .
the book is well done and more interesting than i expected . of course , i am a warren buffett fan .
noise cancellation is not quite great . i used in flights but was not very satisfiedthere is room for improvement functionally .
u never even gave me the app i payed bucks for that and it didnt even go through seriously ! ?
i put the item in to player and it says clean casette and has shortage . now the item doesn't work .
i returned .
the nd ingredient is trans fat , the rd is sugar . extremely tasty of course , because it is no longer food
sexual content in a children's movie .
propoganda and nothing more . he uses gods word to declare homosexuality immoral and evil .
my owl could write a more believable storyline
this movie sucks big time ! boring and repetitive as hell , has nice music but that's all . you have been warned .
don't work . cat pooped next to it .
my grand daughter cant get it to make a sound . i cant get it to make a sound .
great idea and it looks like this would work however , buyer beware ! good luck getting your cat into this bag !
this curtain looks cheap it doesn't have the panel to the top . the contour rug is to small nice color .
all manual transaction entering need i say more . try mint . com far superior and everything auto feed from your banking institute .
horrible price for these when you can buy the real ones at bath and body works for dollars .
did not fit my samsung phone . i guess i must have picked the wrong number . i have a samsung impression .
not what i thought it would be . not much in the package for the price . probably wouldn't buy it again .
if you click on install , nothing happens . amazon store says i purchased it , but the app doesn't show up anywhere .
this things were small , did not cover phone like it should , will not use due to that . wasted my money
its terrible the first time i used it it broke on me . do not buy breaks on the first use
only one of these batteries worked they are garbage , dont waste your money on these they are not worth it
the candle was in pieces when we went to put it on the cake , i wouldn't purchase candles from here !
the product never really worked . i've never used , i feel i wasted my money . thank you . i hope to answer
very poor . i would wonder at the publisher who thought this would be a good book ?
i didnt like this medicine becuase i am feeling pain in my legs yet . i dont indicate it to anyone .
came all beat up and bent don't waist your time or money buying this cheap product .
it was awkward to use and wear . i would not recommend .
this purchase was a waste of money . only one of the finger flashlights worked and they were really junky .
a wasted effort . i read the first few chapters , my wife read maybe ten pages . garbage see submitted picture .
don't clamp on aluminum boats
i don't know just not as good as the first
, .
if this is an xml than the small must be for toddlers . the sizing is way off . don't buy these .
i did not like it at all . it was so boring i actually fell asleep . did not hold my attention at all .
looks bigger in the picture . too small for the american girl dolls . it would work better for a barbie doll .
i hardly write reviews but was quite disappointed when it started leaking . for the price it is not worth it !
the first box went bad the first week . they sent me another one and after weeks it went bad .
the solar light part of the chlorinator never functioned , which was disappointing . as a floating chlorinator it works as expexted .
clock looked good until it stopped working after half a day . not sure why but it just won't go now .
i wish this movie was available for rent before i had to buy it because it was very disappointing . sucks .
they suck ! loose connection with unit flimsy poor sound qualityjust all together a waste of money . do yourself a positive and buy something else .
needed part with groove as depicted in photo , part when received had no groove . unable to secure cap to harness .
never buy from them . i got a defected broken item . only gave them a star because the case was nice .
not good for me to much back and forth with . the story . me we interested in this type of story
they are not what i thought they were . my dog can't walk in those things . he walks l oh a duck !
they the same capo in china on ebay for . . . the spring tension is horrible . it is nice though
very small ! i didnt read that it was a beanie baby but it was okay not ffor me but her
it wasn't long and the screen protector fell off the phone . there is really nothing else to say about the product .
this is not country yall .
loose fitting , comes off easy . cheaply made and performs that way . threw it away in disgust .
fry's bacon real good
very amateur , even for kids . i'm sort of done with dick morris . maybe i'm too old to appreciate the book .
i thought my pony lovers would be thrilled . nope they never touch them .
it charges my phone albeit slowly but neither one charges at . amps and neither one can charge my ipad .
followed instructions , but seat fell off window after a day cats are under the weight requirement . returned with no problems
it died and happen to be repaired with in a week , i'm just using filter now . fow wos wodd wsnmd
it is a nice sticker but smaller than advertisedhave not put it on yet as it is ten below zero
totally stained my nails . it was more difficult to get off than gel polish . i threw them away . don't bother .
i was hoping for something less vague random in content . we'd like something more detailed , specific , deep , and probing .
do not buy , does not look like you should pay anything for it .
this is stupid . it's not a simulator . it's a jigsaw puzzle game . it stupid . don't downloait . please don't download it please don't download it
cartridges hard to insert . got about full color x impressions then ink ran out . image quality was very good , though .
one of the worst movies i have ever seen . story was choppy . characters and storyline undeveloped . what a waste of film .
all those childish scenes trying to get points !
this book spends way too much time with character development and too little with action . won't be reading this author .
we were unable to use the touchscreen through the screen protector it must be too thick or hard . not worth purchasing .
gun was leaking air when i plugged it in . air nozzle was housing was cracked causing it to leak air .
i purchased this chair from joanne's . a caster broke off in the first week and it isn't that comfortable . disappointed .
very flimsy . i was not happy with this at all , it was cheap , but didnt feel like it did anything .
only one outlet is working , so doesn't serve the purpose of buying it . useless , so dont buy it . i returned .
this dress was over priced . its cheap looking and came with a plastic belt which i refuse to wear !
the clips come off of the ring . it just doesn't stay put . the grand children like playing with them . thank you
the outfit is boring nothing halloween about it . and theyve used the same boots years in a row . .
had to buy this expensive text for a course , it saved me a few bucks but is still way overpriced .
this pendant was smaller and thinner than shown in the picture . it also had a scratch on it . very disappointed .
i have no idea why this is in my ratings . i wouldn't order anything like this ? ummmmm no . not me !
the velcro along the top of the screen was on a different side than the velcro along the sides .
poor product doesn't do what it says it does
it broke the first time i used it . it's was awful . poor quality and itchy . needs to not be sold .
did not fit printer as ad said . could not use and need to return . please contact me asap to return .
about half did not sprout .
this thing doesn't do much , i suggest a steel bone corset .
these chargers don't work . the cords worked for about five days and then quit charging . do not buy these chargers .
its difficult to use in my garden and rather ugly to look at . but it does heat up as promised
do not purchase this item . you'll have more batter on the table , than you'll have on the griddle . don't buy .
fits baggy and big careful with the sizes ! order smaller ! if you are looking for a fitted look go smaller !
ordered and received a jacket sized x . the jacket was actually a small . liked quality and style .
this book is okay but its basically a recap of the babywise book . might as well read the real thing .
rope came off in the first minutes of play returned for a refund .
my hp printer comes up with an error message and won't recognize this ink . it was a waste of money .
i would not know how it is because you did not send me that one . f y i ok
this book is entertaining , page turner and suspenseful . will read another book by this author . will read another book by this author .
i couldn't get through more than minutes . super low production value and bad sound were too distracting to follow
this was so appalling i didn't get past the first few chapters . utter crap . dismal portrayal of young women . boring .
i thought i was in an episode of seinfield . squeek squeek squeek , i thought this was some kind of gag .
bought this for christmas for my home schooled children , it does not work . it lights up but never focuses .
the battery on this thing only lasts min , no matter how much you charge it . piece of crap in my opinion
nice slim cover and protective back good feel for the note . crosses looks great on back . would definitely recommend .
not for type hair
let me save you some time , danny mcbride likes to use the f word . repeat times , end of episode .
i gifted it to my parents but later i felt very embarrassed because it did not last even days .
fastner is not good , want hold up long and it took a long time to get here from china
the gloves did not last . they developed holes after a few weeks of use . i would not recommend these gloves .
do not waste your money . this is not the game ! it is only a guide . we didn't read please pay attention .
worked great and stop and cant return without package very disappointed will not buy again not very good product beware
a couple of sort of funny skits but mostly really not funny .
started to peel this cheap plastic layer the day that i got it . but you get what you pay for .
approaching sound barrier ! approaching sound barrier ! approaching sound barrier ! that's the game . i saved you . go buy something nice
lots of potential , interesting topics , but none of the videos could be found by the player , making this app worthless .
it was more like an extra small instead of a large . i couldn't even fit it . their sizes or off .
this dvd doesn't work in my us dvd player ! i'm disappointed and was really looking forward to watching this movie .
bad bad bad bad not good impossible to use make you mad sad , than you fell for this gimic sceam
rhinestones feel out quickly causing sharp edges . i had to buy a new one within weeks . i was very disappointed .
arrived in the mail in a flimsy paper envelope and the alarm feature was broken . my son was very disappointed .
did not fit my faucet . i know it said fits most faucets but mine is pretty standard . very disappointing b
just does not work . says wont work in landscape mode but i am not in landscape mode . moto xprt phone
the item i wanted , but not as sturdy as my husband's purchased several years ago . acceptable anyway ! thanks . constance kritzberg
really ? a second sample ? that's all this song is . it's a rip off and will be demanding a refund .
to gory for me don't think i will read any more of these books . just not my style . thank you .
iphone will not work well with this , def no mirror link . disappointing from sony , ill loo elsewhere next time .
fits , but already scratched when lightly hit wood floor once . great color .
it is too big . and it is quite thin . no more comments . it is too big . i hate it . that's all
i did not like it . when i had it i did not like it . when i played it was notcooperating .
my husband likes them , but there's a seam on the inside of the handle that makes it painful to hold .
no support for a big man bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
this book doesn't rate one star , but zero stars was not an option . it was boring , tedious and just stupid .
article one to recomend me louisville slugger tpx yb w and me not desvolvieron money and forwarded me the article
working fine with my printer
i received both of these batteries and neither would charge or work and they were not what they advertised . never again !
i felt that the author was smug . i was hoping for more tangibles approaches . will not read this book again .
defective ? looks good but once installed it instantly got a hairline crack that ran across the glass again . very frustrated .
quality not good
the clasp did not work properly and the frame was only embellished on one side . tacky piece of work . shameful .
would not recommend . tasted awful .
does not fit my standard toilet very well would not buy again also makes cleaning the toilet harder .
i've enjoyed patrick swayze in the past , but this one wasn't as good as i expected . he died too young .
worthless junk . the holes in the center of the bits are too small for thepin in a standard security screw .
plenty of good info in the book , but hard to get past the pep rally feel .
it is what it is . you get what you pay for . can not get the bubbles out . i hate it !
does not go on well . applies very unevenly . even after three coats , does not look good on the nail . nasty .
and i thought it was wash and wear ! it looks like crap after only one washing ! save your money ! clearly , worth about . maybe !
doesn't last long
one ex card the rest were common my nine year old was disappointed won't be buying from here anymore !
ok over view . may need to be more familiar with the community to really enjoy the experience
unbelievable seller raised the price twice , dishonest , don't buy from this seller . amazon should remove this seller .
a happy , egotistical machine it is to music what a vibrator is to sex .
would help if i had read anything by this author previously . utter crap no idea what was going on . sheesh .
way smaller than pictured and weaker than had anticipated . looked cheap and very flimsy when delivered . yuck do not buy
i probably has allergy on it and stopped eating it . but for people without allergy it should be good vitamine
the book is full of flaws . this word requirement really annoys me . they should get rid of it very soon .
the episode won't load . and just says reconnecting . if it doesn't work i should get my money back !
i don't care for games that cross over into using internet players . i prefer the single player games . more relaxing .
stupidest game ever
half of these didn't work on our ipads !
this case does not fit this camera so i was disappointed as it was listed as a suggestion for it !
this is the worst movie i have ever purchased and it won't get any better in hd .
garbage . looks and feels cheap . sorry to have purchased .
too simplistic . just wipe down and move on i do not clean hotel rooms for a living . looking for more .
i was led to believe this product would fit my galaxy note and it does not .
the light buttom is loud and it doesn't reflect the images on the ceiling very well . i was little disappointed .
very thin . flimsy and doesn't hold my remotes inside the pockets . not deep enough to hold . they fall out . very disappointed .
dont beleive the hype words can describe how horrible this album is
bad no good no sand nathin baddddd
it did nothing . a complete waste of money . the dispenser was cool , and that is about the only good thing .
i had to cut it to make it fit stick , so it's barely hanging on . apparently , it was defective . ?
it took forever to get it even though it's was a prime area .
the color of the case is rubbing off . not happy at all with this case . would not buy again ever .
case will not stay snapped in place . after further inspection i noticed that some of the tabs are broken or missing .
you need a speed dvd rom drive to view this move ! it is that boring . what a cheap remake .
doesn't releave ache pain as adveritised would not order it again will stay with the roll on i have .
a real let down after a strong start to the series . wooden writing , cartoon characters , unbelievable plot twists , gratuitous evil .
does not easily fit nexus htc evo g ltesamsung galaxy s most other phones in a reasonable case . fits samsung galaxy s iphone
the cup came broken into pieces and it is in the box and i am ready to return it
it seems really cheaply made . mine ended up with the vacuum pump breaking n i had to return it . for a refund
buy this at a discount price , it's not something you want to buy for . at a music store .
these rawhide sticks are extremely thin , and not what i expected . other than that , they're acceptable but not worth reordering .
the first day we put it up with a little mild wind the frame support broke . poor quality . save your money .
does not work properly , how can it grip with only teeth on one side ? piece of junk , waster of money
just not my type of read . to me it was just boring . i read only a few chapters and quit .
on low volume you will hear a hum , somewhat complicated to find different features . its going back sorry
it was just ok . my puppy was not that into it .
the item was extremely mashed and munched when it finally showed up . not worth the money i paid for it .
it did not capture the attention of the audience very well . i do not recommend it . the narrative is boring .
ref . versa automatic double watch winder in black top winder did not work . item was received defective and i returned it .
i bought this wallpaper for my kindle fire and it wont let me get it . it just stole my money .
hardly works , does not hold my ramp in place . very poor quality and i would not buy this product again .
poorly developed plot , focused on too many background stories and never really came together at the end of the movie
this filter kiied all my fishes . i had fishes for two years and this filter vaccuumed and killed all of them .
it only worked for daysthan the volume went terrible lowon both on them , i now there useless
stopped working after a week . won't get it again . just buy the real chargers . it's a waste of money . yeah
i've ordered of these and both have snapped off at the clip .
i was expecting a coiled cable and i got a regular usb cable . i was really disappointed with this order .
didn't work for me . knee still hurts just as bad as the day i started taking them . i wont be reording
the app is ginr iys just i have standing appoinyments weeky and you have to do each manually . good product
band was too tight and cups way too small i ordered e . material was stiff , but thin . straps dig into skin .
sorry i expected something a litle better constructed for the price . get um at the drug store or safe way .
received unwraped , the rest of the items is pack individually
you have to be in the mood for this song . try it out as you might come to like it .
plastic is too cheap , doesn't protect at all . don't even waste your money .
cross was too large for my taste and the chain had a kink in it that we couldn't get out .
the mice took about a one week vacation ! i reapplied after about ten days and there they were again
i cannot think of one redeeming feature for this feature , apart from buzz lightyear's early demise . gravity sucks big time .
does not work at all . waste of money . do you hear the children crying . nuf said .
i don't care for these , they fold in on the top , when you lift the pot , it folds together .
about weeks in and the water had a funny , string chemical smell and taste . i don't use it anymore
the hat was more like a derby , was definitely not a top hat . i was disappointed . i was very disappointed
these broke before i could ever wear them . they are cute but cute doesn't do my any good if they break .
does not fit . what a waste of my hard earned . it by no means holds up . this product is junk .
it was bigger then and did not fit my mac . poor description and did not have a return slip .
swearing drinking all kinds of bad stuff . i really don't think kids should read this it is way too inappropriate !
too light weight and flimsy for the price . will easily topple over with minimal force . save your money on this item !
way small never in the listing does it say the knots are written in french . very disappointed . need better information !
didn't work for my friend . sorry this review is lame , and my friend is still chuncky . not fat , just chuncky .
we bought the pack , deflated immediately , the other deflate each day . i strongly do not recommend this product .
wet shaving was difficult for me . i have pretty rough skin , so may be just not a good fit for me .
was not what i expected . too plain . needed a little more help on the stable . that would help very much
it was just a bunch of scenes to me . didn't enjoy it at all . in fact , i threw it away !
i'm sure this would work well foe smaller fish but it didn't for me . very cheap made for the money .
this battery worked for months then took a crap . with no return we would not recommend for anyone .
product quality was not good at all . rusty metal . very ugly red base not like the picture i don't recommend it .
this charger broke in two days . without it , my computer is dead , and my life has spiraled out of control
too windy to use where we live but the idea was good .
i have to replace the screen's wiring harness as well ! wish i knew that in advance .
did not receive item . ? cannot rate if didn't receive . can you tell me what happened ?
the lamp lasted for less than a week . i was less than pleased . i guess you get what you pay for .
not too happy with this product , it leaves a greasy film on my windows and mirrors . i would not reorder .
basically nothing else to say . poor quality , and arrived bent . can not wait to return this . completely waste of time .
i just received of these cords and they are all mis wired . they were useless and all blew fuses . beware !
cute but picture had print lines throughout the whole picture that were very noticeable . the picture was just poor quality .
ordered the battery in january . i have recharged the battery times and the battery is already dead . stay away .
i was not pleased with this book . only covered x systems and had had very limited info . very outdated information .
this is a remastered album but the sound quality is very uneven and actually worse that the original versions .
predictable . not fun . boring . couldn't make up it's mind what it was gonna be a comedy or a an action thriller .
poor and less than juvenile . tried because of author . will not waste money on others in the series .
have purchased aegis seed for grafting with good results . maxifort should also keep up within days of heirloom seed .
hey , i liked her ord dance club cds but now she's pop and she's ruined her own spirit ! definately not reccommended !
these pants are too loose . the fit is fine at the waist , but the legs flair out way too much .
the book was just plain no excitement , no unexpected happenings just boring . i would not recommend this book to anyone .
it is a very cute purse . nothing too special . the chain is kind of weak and broke a few times .
my recorder couldn't recognize it . i bought it for the recorder but it's no use so i threw it away .
i like liam neeson movies but this one did not live up to my expectaions of his quality of acting
swayed a little too much from the sound i enjoyed on previous albums .
my dog is pad trained but will not go on the piddle place , no matter what we try . very disappointed .
was not impressed with the look but hope my daughter will like it . i'll order real tree from now on
it was listed as valentine red . this was not red , but a strange orange ish color . i'll be sending it back .
i could not get it to stick without gluing it to my car . so , i feel i wasted my money .
i coud not get thi to work on by kindle fire hd . and i could not delete it from my kindle .
i bought it to charge my phone and ipad at the same time and it won't . waste of my money .
cheaply made i'd be afraid to wash dry them again i bought them for two twin beds for company .
didn't provide me with my right item , ended up getting the iphone c instead of just fixing my
worts nail polish . actually it's just glue with confetti , not even glitter .
lower quality than i expected , and a little small . other than that it is a decent hat . mmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmm hhhh
i was dissapointed with this product . i hardly noticed a difference .
did not work as promised . don't bother of you don't have the right lens otherwise it wont work . okay . .
i don't always have internet access and do not want a game where i have to wait to play someone .
these have been recalled . why would any one buy them ? why would they even be sold ? over dogs died .
this think take over the control of your pc , do not buy this !
the shirt itself is nice . but the graphics particularly the rabbit are th grade level . very dissapointing . overall ok but not really recommended .
it didn't look like the picture and it didn't fit very well
i bought these in the largest size . i had to give them to my daughter who wears a size small .
this book was primarily forms to use very little actual information . i was disappointed it was not more helpful .
actually i'd like to give it negative stars but it wasn't an option . it's like a horrible documentary but worse !
i have tried all morning to download this app and it will not download . i have an android . tablet .
total rip off . the rolls can be easily mashed flat , not much on each roll . i'll go back to scott .
poorly constructed . nozzle disengaged from hose after using for a month for ordinary watering of garden
learn spanish for beginners was not what i expected . i deleted it right away .
cute colors , but they don't last , and smell awful
the item is not as described and is not worth it . buil from plastic .
from the start , this is predictable and even for this genre , too silly . given the other reviews , i was surprised .
i choose this rate is because it really don't fit right on my stomach too tight need a big size
slow , terrible acting , waste of time . i just skimmed through the latter half .
the book is incredible , but why anyone would sell it for k is beyond me . anywhere else its like
unable to accurately review . graphics incompatability made it a sound only game game , dell inspirion ? . ginnc
very slow not as good as tyler perry other movies . wish i have read a review before buying this movie
it has a very poor quality . worst item in class , i definetively don't recommend it , it is horrible sound quality .
broke very quickly .
maybe the reason i don't like these melting tarts is because they are made from soy . they smell odd !
very frustrating trying to make it work . i have a cuttlebug and can't figure out how to make it cut
no matter how much we pressed onto the wall product began to fall off within minutes . returning for refund .
did not work when charging iphone . tried all three and none of them worked . they are a waste of money .
slightly better quality than you can get at wal mart .
purchased these license plate light is now flickering .
inserts lots of human speculation and not very complete . the bible is the word of god and deserves more respect .
can't get them to even hit the board straight on . i had a set that was far better . will return
the glasses were scratched and looked used .
clean and quick . a very cute love story i enjoyed the simple writing style and story line the author used
didn't like the smell .
this machine jams often and now it is not working . don't buy
they rot so easly ! never buy this item
not as fun as i thought it would be . just not how i pictured the game to be so ya .
they have done better ! cant compare with the death by sexy and peace love death metal albums . unfortunately !
i don't like it will not purchase any of these again if these are real south pole the there junk .
nothing was offered except what you could buy . was a waste of time and space on my device . its deleted !
this sandisk pendrive probably has the lowest data transfer rate of the market . avoid it for it's not an option .
product is , shipping is ! for a product that weighs about pounds . stay away from these people .
not for me ill keep it for the grandkids though as they steal my phone and tablets when i visit
sorry sure this is fun but the color combo is hard to read . need to make it with more contrast .
music plays good but the screen remains black . if that is fixed , i think this would be a good app .
the strap are too small to put in the metal frame need to be adjustable enough to to snag around .
its not as expected , thought it was as indicated . sorry . i bought this product , i will not recommend it sorry
this product does not deliver , i live in brazil and would like to do the chargeback on my credit card
this unfortunately was the wrong product for my device .
cannot say wether i liked it or notbecause i do not remember reading it . sorry not a very good review
you get what you pay for ! batteries won't hold charge , they are cheap off brand batteries , don't buy these ! duds
waste of money . game is always loading . very boring for my year old as well as myself .
no warnings about privacy , looks interesting , but i couldn't find any instructions . then large ads for other apps appeared . deleted .
eom
the light bulb that comes with it was shattered top pieces , had to buy a new one . cost more money . blah
the controls for the game is the worst . i guess that is what you get for just a demo . boo .
the concealer got kind of dry and weird , while the highlighter remained useless , as it didn't show up at all .
smaller then a xx should be it fits my year old son who's dress size is a large .
lousy movie . one of the worst . don't waste your time . i thought it would never end , never end , never end .
extremely difficult to get on and off the phone . fits great . big it's difficult to remove or apply it .
to small fo laptop ma be ok for a notebook will keep cos more to return then it is worth
took these as directed and did not see the energy boost claimed or the weight lost . did not lose anything
item fit well except for one inside seam . rough and rubs against foot making it difficult to walk .
what a load of half truths . nothing but pandering to people who don't want to hear the whole story .
no matter . what we did this left bibbles
not all that funnysandra ruins it
does not work !
the photos were very poor with few techniques . unlike its cover said , there were so simple tools used to train .
i find it so hard to pair it with my iphone . i did returned it .
i like lotion with more bronzer
did nothing at all was complete bull , don't bother , waste of money , rip off , this is a big ass scam .
the description for this product states there are sheets . there are only sheets . big difference .
won't even run on bit systems and when the installer runs it automatically installs net zero on your computer !
this is the worst movie i seen in my life . don't waste your time wiht this one . trust me !
story ends leaving reader unsatisfied . it is okay as a short story for high school submission but not professional writing .
the trap did not in any way entice the fruit flies to enter it . our problem has not decreased any .
the electrochem qtc is in diameter . this part is . diameter , and doesn't fit .
within one year of purchasing it barely had any power , even fully charged . i am definitely regretting i purchased this .
the picture shows it bigger . its too expensive for what you get . i would not recommend it for other people .
this game is boring and has bad graphic . i do not recommend it at all . this is a boring game
did not work at all
is too harsh on my skin , i now use it to bleach my whites . i do not recommend this product .
the wheels lock by themselves . it doesn't roll very good and it's not very sturdy . dont waste ur money ! worthless !
this is for a series phone , not the . too big . thanks for nothing .
i could have rapped better than this . to much unnecessary profanity . no substance .
i ended up returning this . it did not fit our graco plack n' play bassinet it was too small .
did not work with ipad mini . don't buy for ipad mini but might work with other apple products .
i thought i was ordering a single episode . i cannot open the download at all ! what a waste of money !
please read the sequel . why i am not a christian . coming soon
the plastic cover over the connections came apart with very light use exposing bare wires . nothing actually broke , just separated .
i understood it would fit my ipad mini retina , and these did not . i went with apple's smart covers instead .
worked for about hours .
this must be an acquired taste because this movie is just like so many other mst movies , really bad .
a tremendous rip off , don't waste your money ! i would have given this a negative rating if it were possible .
not usefull at all what they describe
it did not fit my rear view mirror . so , i couldn't use it
not interesting low level sufism portrayed here . not recommended .
runs small they more like a or
i just was expecting something a little better , but i guess you get what you pay for
i ordered this book as required by my college course . as a college textbook , this book is very poorly written .
freezes up a lot
i love found footage movies , even the bad ones , but did not like this one at all , would not recommend .
didnt work , should have known better , not worth the time to return it . i went with the phoenix bulb instead .
have yet to be able to get this to work and now can't delete it from my tablet . it's frustrating
i was very disappointed in this product . the plastic was chipped and broken on one side when i received it .
cheap bags , about a quarter of them can't be used due to holes in them right out of the box .
could'nt get to work , ended up ordering wire signals
the button to adjust size breaks easily , plastic , waiting for a new one now the tube is solid steel though
the hole to place the fruits or veggies is too small . returned right after purchase .
the tights are not really meant for maternity . no room for belly , poor quality and design . don't waste your money .
this is a simplistic dumb game and it is not fun . do not waste your time with this boring game .
tried it in two differetn mytouch telephones . didn't work . didn't charge , didn't do anything . more useful as a fishing weight .
its just ridiculous . please do not buy . its just very tiny packet .
very hard game for a child . everything costs money . thing the game required for play cost extra . game is redic
this book was helpful for connecting my understanding of this program . i found it at the end of the season .
the dark knight rises just keep me lost all the way through . maybe just me but could not stay with it .
they did a lousy job making the controls for this game , and within minutes i was cursing whoever built it .
weeks and counting to recieve these items . no response for from manfufacturer .
i knew it was too good to be true . it was . they need to stop selling this crap on here .
these batteries would not power my laser pointer . waster of time and money to order . not worth the trouble returning .
not for me . not my kind of game . just tried for something new . stick to what i like and know ok
after season show started going down hill . newer characters became annoying plots just kept getting worse with each episode .
not apple quality .
the actual color is horrible i thought the green would have been florescent green not lime green . nope not happy .
the shortest stories i have ever read . or thought about reading . either not much for thought , or not enough entertainment was considered
this didn't last very long before it broke . it was disappointing . when it worked it was fine . wouldn't get another .
more of a biography of the master than a tutorial on martial arts . looks very dated as well . i'll pass .
purchased in december stopped working in february . less than three months of normal usage now it is dung .
not as expected and did not like the cost of s h . would not recommend this product to no one , junk
slow moving . too many songs at the beginning . within minutes , my kids , , got bored and left the room .
after months quit working . gets very warm and probably burned out . i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone else .
these are horrible . the moment my daughter drops it the contents spill out . do not buy these . waste of money .
i will not purchase this version , why should i when i know very well that there is an extended edition !
good balance . weak design . blades hang in sheath . handle wrapping came off when taking out of shipping box .
never worked properly from day one . i replaced this with the philips saa h and haven't looked back . cannot recommend .
tasted terrible . not even adding sweetener helps the bitterness of this chocolate shake . i would not order thisproduct again .
very disappointed that this shoe runs so large ! most fit my foot this was more like a large size
these sheets are very light weight . comfortable but i don't expect them to last very long . paper thin ! paper thin !
it wasn't good at all , only showed a small picture on the wall from feet so i returned it .
broke after a couple uses and the part that needs to be replaced costs as much as the air brush .
why is this app even on the market ? very poor design , and crashes on droid inc . force close and lag
it leaves marks every where . it is terrible it doesn't glow all that great . it could be a lot better .
not what i expected
plush ? yes . but not overfilled ! most of what filling it had was around the edge of the pad . dont buy !
got super hot wen it charged . not good for battery . . and broke soon as i snapped it together ! no good !
looks cool but not enough padding i dropped the phone on the sidewalk and it did not survive
the smell is not as nice as it sounds and the bars are too big for your hands .
story was just as i remember it , but the book itself seems like it was printed in someone's basement .
lots of advertisements
did not last at all so disappointed .
very thin flimsy flap . tore on the first wearing . i would not recommend this product on the contrary .
it is nothing like the other poker sites because its small slow and not fun at all very bad visuals
didn't like it it wasn't fully painted on the sides pretty colors but it's not worth the money at all
this sofa be had a dent after one month i flipped i've to check and there is a broken spring
cheesy plastic and very cheap looking . this should be a women's piece . not sure if this is described properly
as with every palahniuk novel seedy , true life details sprinkled throughout an inplausible story , leading to an anti climatic ending . disappointing .
this case shows white on the picture . it however it is silver . i am not quite happy with this one .
this book is complete ignorance . how can you rewrite the glorious quran . this book should be burned and banned !
unfortunately , i did not receive this game . shortly after i ordered it , it was sold out .
sorry i bought this book . if i want religion , i will read the bible .
these earclips are not universal they didnt fit my phone at all . what a waste of money . wont buy these again ever
the back doesn't look good it looks out of proportion
lock spring that returns the key slot to locked broke on day one . pick another manufacturer .
put in grove to rd on sun jul gave me the direct route monday rush hour schedule . did anyone test it ?
the doll is pretty but we were never able to actually get her to swim . i wouldn't bother buying her .
product was falsely advertised as large grinder when actually was small . handle has already broken . sadly disappointed
sorry . doesn't work at all with ipad mini running ios . . . wish it did . can't recommend to anyone to buy .
hate the new individual containers . hate them . hate them . hate them . will look for another product .
made out of cardboard and the gold around the edge was rubbing off . i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone .
makes the hats much to hot for texas in the summer .
book started out great but it felt like something was missing in terms of plot . abrupt ending left me disappointed .
it was really small dont know what to do . i might return it . its a beautiful sweater though . oh well
rhinestones are dull and i'm sorry but there are not pieces in there , not even close ! highly disappointing
only blows air around . doesn't spit out cool air at all . don't purchase this for a room with no windows .
does not have a 'on off' switch , the power cord difficult during operation . there were no instruction to assemble . and cost high
not my favorite . too many faces that are difficult to complete . lots of guessing required and some solutions are non unique .
doesn't work at all . the shades barely change color and they don't fit well in the back seat windows .
is not , the color . ugly color . i bought snob from an actual mac store in the mall . anyway mac tests on animals !
when i opened the package to put the case on it is broke ! the case wont even snap together
waste of time not worth downloading . u just select a option from the comic u cant actually do anything junk
the shirts were not a classic fit . he wears a shirt and these were a combination size shirt .
this isn't the thanksgiving one . it's fashion story . don't want two of the same apps . very disappointed .
i purchased this to seal a whole in an exercise ball . i meticulously followed the instructions and it didn't work .
aweful . made my pump sound aweful returned the item . do not buy this item it's not worth it . . . .
absence of scientific notation makes it useless and buggy . try inch to au and enter . blech . should display something .
unfortunately this generation skin was way to big and was more like a generation skin . do not buy !
not for large hands , not adjustable for length . otherwise would have been a good product . the trigger pull is nice though .
nice book , but you must read other books about decision making to understand what this book is all about .
wasn't pleased with the purchase . wouldn't buy this type game again for my kendal fire . needlarger screen to play it .
i used it for less than minute and it broke . no light came out . the quality is too bad .
plott too long gets lost midway . cheating involved . and not one of paul ruddsbest . made like an 's movie .
these classic cheez it's crackers are okay , not the greatest , but not bad either . the white chedder ones are much better imo .
we have been through three and they all broke . great concept but not well made .
the book cover was in very poor condition and there was writing throughout the book . i regret purchasing this book .
flimsy , lid doesn't even line up with the hamper . poor quality . not what i expected at all and very disappointed .
this movie was slow , dull , and boring .
pretty small and compact . however , worked fine at first but both ports stopped functioning completely a month after the purchase .
points the radar detector at the wrong angle to work in both my vehicles . but it may work for you
i have read all the x files books and this was my least favorite . it was boring and confusing .
ordered a size for my daughter and they were definitely smaller than that . next try is a size .
doesn't quite fit inch macbook pro retina . edge towards track pad keeps slipping . wished it fit . looks and feels great .
same as abovelooking for a water filter that i can use these items that i bought , otherwise these are waisted
i am still unable to use this confusing program . the help screen has no valuable information to guide me .
they don't fit on any doors well . it was a waste of , money . i'll never buy again .
this product is fine because it workshowever this product does sometimes screws up some filesit happen to me twice already
not the best renditions of russian folk tunes . sounds like they were sung by locals not necessarily singers .
good value look but . very bad odor . not for the sensitive nose . very bad odor . not for the sensitive nose .
i downloaded this product but i am still looking for it . instructions are ridiculous and cannot be followed . please reply .
i know it is fiction but this is not close to likeable . maybe someone else will like it , but not me
it got damaged in just weeks of usage , get a good branded one before buying this , piece of trash
its not feet its only
the item didn't have any instructions on how to use it properly or diagram , so as not to shock a person . ?
boring , speaker very unenthusiastic , not enough sewing information
bad purchase , buy new product , wasted time , effort , energy order new , not worth the research and time i put in it
i found myself waiting for the end . the characters weren't very enduring and the plot was pretty boring .
the luggage was not as big as i thought . it was a nice piece , nice color but i returned it .
this book was extremely boring and seems to get more boring everytime i read it
it contains chemical that coz cancer and other harm according to california state ! seriously ? this should be banned or something
doesn't really hold up to use by kids . the ankle strap broke with only a few uses . do not buy !
not worth the money . says it a guide i paid too much money . not worth the money sucks sucks
not as advertised !
guess it would have been a good shirt if i wanted the large i ordered to fit like an xxl .
haven't actually played the game yet , cause it's still downloading . hope its good though . hope its worth the wait . j
because it is in poor shape cover is stained and ripped i will not tell a soul about this store
these work but ear bud covers is just a piece of plastic nothing . guess you get what you pay for .
these are only good for some personal trainer that do about rounds of pads a day . expensive and hard .
item arrived cracked
this isn't even in english it does not work ! i wish i would have understood that with the purchase .
stunk . would not install . said file was corrupted . tried three times . and , couldn't find anything online to help solve problem .
not even a good sticker , hardly got any glue . given that its cheap , but still you would expect some reflection .
i was very dissappointed with the size of the planner . last year's was much larger for a lower price ! a
this was a sample ? thought it was a bigger jar .
the necklace broke the second day and they looked very cheap when i opened the package . a waste of money .
you get what you pay for , a remote for bucks lasted weeksi learned my lesson there . yup
it was very boring and you need to have a search thing to look up words all of them do
it was a quick read , not much thought in it . simple plot . it was nice that it was free
it's okay but you can only pick from a few hairstyles , clothes , etc . and you can't have children ! that sucks !
strange to say , but these shelves don't work . dvds simply fall through the space underneath the bar in the back .
i would not recommend to my friends , and the part is cheap he made ! definitely disappointed in the product . sorry
the seller was amazing . the razors suck
just what the title says , the mags will not fit in the loader . they are just a little to thick .
it is too small , not enough dividers and with shipping and handling , not worth the almost i spent for it .
after downloading , the app wouldn't open even after several attempts . the same happened with yahtzee free . there are no problems with other games .
does not fit kindle hdx . too big . slides around . can't charge in case . returned item for refund . very very disappointed .
how such an enthralling book can become such a dull movie is hard to understand . ineptly made and it shows .
didn't get the cable with my order .
worked fine and one leaks like a sive . cannot recommend this product . put them on a suzuki gs
they are very cheap ang flimzy . they wear down very easy . i know they are not exspencive . i hate them
got totally crushed in my bag maybe the second time i used it . completely fell apart . piece of crap .
already falling apart . didn't pay much for it , but still it not holding up . i wish i didn't see it !
very thin . useless . seriously . do not waste your money . maybe it's not meant to be for warmth . it is smooth .
it was ok but amazon needs to submit longer better free books i have yo typefour more wordsto submit this
it was good
i followed the directions and even drank more water with the caps . and nothing , so i had to purchase something else .
worked approx six min . heated up , and went off , never to work again . do not purchase this charger . very poor quality .
did not have choice of style , received least desirable . misleading advertisement picture . spray is terrible and plastic funnel well cheesey the whole thing cheesey .
i don't seem able to redeem for kindle books . it is not in the payment options to redeem a voucher .
i can not get past level as it freezes in the middle of the game and will not continue .
how much money can sharon rich make off the lies and denigration of stars who can no longer defend themselves ?
it doesnt even fit the motorola h as advertised . the holes are to small to fit around the speaker . horrible
simply a reprint of dated opinion pieces . love the author , but hate the book . nothing to see here move along .
reading all the wonderful reviews , i had high hopes for this movie . result utterly disappointed . waste of time and money .
i'm having the same problems as everyone else i can't play the game . screw ea delete origin . stick with steam .
the threads were too shallow and didn't mount on the lens . it kept spinning and popping off on it's own .
at first it worked but it took x times to chargemy phone went crazy while using this . would not recommend this
this book did manage to keep my attention though it wavered in the middle of the story . it was ok
it is a totally silly story and sandra bullock was wasted in this movie . i would not recommend this movie .
i bought these as the same size as other jeans i currently have . these , however , were a size too small .
i hate it this was a waste of dollars i should have got a a sword by thank you
didn't even work , crashed my kindle twice while it was starting up to the point i had to reset it
it might just be me using this thing the wrong way but i found them to be useless .
doesn't work !
i wanted the hat in the picture . i got one that is entirely white except the logo .
why so small ? looked and fit great the first time . now it's a medium and started out an xl
primarily a series of old newsreels . did not provide an accurate chronological depiction of the war .
possibly too biased against armstrong ? gave good info about all the people involved . alot of new unknown info in book
power is inconsistent on it and causes nothing but problems on windows and linux . does not use or buy ever .
this card did not fit into my zte avid g . so i felt it was a waste of money . sadly
how does a horseshoe break when it hits the ground ? unacceptable . i have no more to say about this product .
the storyline was interesting but the delivery fell short . the characters were one dimensional and the plot was predictable .
this was very cheaply made . do not purchase . a big waste of money and snags on my clothes . horrible purchase .
the upgrades killed it . doesn't recognize my writing any more . deleted . it started out working great . not worth your time .
one hand washing and the cup had water between the layers . ruined the paper , would not recommend to for purchase .
for a kid this tablet may be fine , for adult not recommended . was not possible to install google play .
did not fit my dispenser and the fragrance it too artificial smeeling
you will never get the air bubbles out from under the screen . crap product . you get what you pay for .
when i got this wig , the curls were out and it was all tangled . not a good wig to buy !
the ear flaps don't really cover the ears , defeats the purpose . i won't send it back not worth the trouble .
it was far below the quality of season one . i won't be buying anymore seasons if it survives . it bombed
cheaply built . doesn't work as well as i expected .
a terrible movie in every way . no entertainment value . in a word unwatchable . would not recommend this movie to anyone . awful .
they really need to get the real bingo bash . this app has bad adware . don't waist your time . horrible app .
broke inside didn't work
i am so happy with the product and i got it so fast i couldn't believe it .
this game was not long enough and it was not worth the money i paid ligament this game a
contains many coffee but at falling all on a thing pours out . i do not recommend ! i wish to return .
doesn't stay charged for very long .
this pillow is such a dull color it looks brown . i'm so disappointed , it looks nothing like the picture . ugly .
the pictures displayed are dubious ! looks nothing like what i had expected , shipped late and too big for my itouch .
doesn't keep face matte for long . color is off too . does not clog my pores though . would not buy again .
ordered this twice and got the wrong color . if it would have been correct i would have loved it
it would dial and connect , but i could not head person i was calling . magicapp is much better .
kindle does still not hold a charge . money spent for the battery was wasted . had to buy a new kindle .
it didn't come with the clips shown in the picture and i was expecting them to come with it , ok
i suppose you get what you pay for . i bought this item about five months ago and it's already rusting .
not what i got at all i got two black cases gilttery rainbow , not see through rainbow like in the pic
don't care for it , will be deleting it
new or refurbished battery ? i still need to charge this every third day . my phone works great . disappointed in this buy .
its a bit low quality . but it serves its purpose for someone who only does yoga once a week . ty
have not heard a word about my order . no response from e mail . i have been waiting weeks for my order .
it is not the product advertised on the picture
the suction cup never held this radar detector in its place . cheap garbage . i don't recommend this product . steer clear
these came blankthey had the word bunko on the pads but that was iti paid for this ?
tantos a ntilde os esperando para temas , que suenan igual a lo mismo , no vale la pena
i should have returned these when i could . they report incorrect battery levels and are obviously cheap knockoffs . don't buy .
not really nbeeded , but couldn't get a clear idea of the sample online , so ordered it .
pages falling out of bindingquick delivery . old edinbough library book . heavy use . greatbook to read but on its last legs
i did not finish this book as i found it to be very negative of other's , and their thoughts .
not what i thought it was , not scientific , doesnt produce a running answer . have to press equal after every entry
it wouldn't work . end of review . zero stars . would give it stars if that was possible . do not download
after i record i can't listen to it there is no sound ! i don't like it so i deleted it
thought there would be some details . this is a baby book . good for real little people like years old .
bland , bland , bland . the chief hipster himself was never this snooze inducing . stamp it sominex and pass . enough said .
after a couple months , the humidity became stuck at . even holding it by my humidifier didn't help .
so it was not usable at all very upsetting . i wish the product was as described but it was not
cracked and broke within a few months , not good quality .
not rugged . who ever named this stretchy stringy core crap is crazy .
disgusting . who wants a chewy cracker ?
buckle broke after less than a month of use . pretty expensive pants . why skimp on the buckles ?
it was missing pages of printand the print wasn't big , it was small
keeps falling down after circles . too late to return
skip this , it's a time waster . i learned more by reading the description of the kindle on the amazon website .
only worked for a few months and the battery area doesnt work properly . new batteries and it still won't open .
didnt work , doesnt charge at all its not worth ordering . a waste of time and money so i do not recomend
it made my hair horribly flat and thin . which i thought would be the opposite for this product . quite disapointing .
looked bigger in the picture . if you are looking for a cheap looking piece of glass , this is for you .
product worked great on five different occasions , then it stopped . i'm sorry i spent the money . i learned my lesson
my son reported that these fell apart after . days of his days rafting trip .
the shoes is very smalll . was not helpful . carving chose the right way but the shoe is small . thanks anyway
not as adv . , not surprised desc limited due to personal limit to not use swear words , , ,
very uncomfortable . undersole very smooth . be careful walking on carpet with this shoe . liable to have a fall ! . just not what was expected . .
it did not work . i threw it in trash . i am surprised on what device they have tested this on !
how do i add people it's rather annoying when u can't find out howplz help me out asapthanks
the shipping was fast but the game doesnt work just a waist of money
stale and not the size expected . says jumblo but it is not .
all the picture comes off of it . i wouldn't recommend this for anyone to buy . cheap is what it is .
so i remember this movie being about times better when i was a little kid . pretty disappointed now
the zipper fixer broke the first time i used my suitcase . zipper unfixerdon't waste your time or money on this product .
the download may have been faulty , but what i got was very disappointing and lack creativity and promise . disappointed client
poor quality broke in two pieces in less than a month the bow fell off before that save your money
the plastic holder on the side went broke , so now i have to order another one
it just wasn't my type of book . i'm sure others would like it if you were interested in that era .
it was a waste of my time and effort . it was the most boring book i have ever read too .
disappointed . this had wrong description .
worst watch ever ! it stops and works on it's own . the hour timer goes off three mins after the hour
only one of the chargers works
we didn't see a difference on my husbands arthritis . it is just another infommercial that doesn't work . save your money .
i wasn't impressed at all
knockoffs that barely work
the case itself was very nice it just didnt fit the phone i could not get it to snap together .
learn how to whip your child with some pvc pipe , for the low low price of . today on amazon . com .
warning ! this product was empty on arrival . rip off !
too cheap . easily tear up
not very sturdy . they fit the seat well and after days a strap broke on the back .
didn't take away anything new from this diet . yadda yadda same ole info just a different writer . did not inspire me .
they charge extra . false marketing ! i wish i wouldn't have bought this product and i highly suggest you don't either .
why would you have a case that doesnt allow for protection of the front of your expensive tablet ? returned it .
i have always wanted a steamer but the floor gets so wet i have to mop it after using steamer
this book just wasn't for me . quite ridiculous . i didn't really like the book , t did not hold my interest .
deceptive advertising . worthless size . x . not published . stick by tovolo .
too large i expected it smaller since it was for children and i think you should have other more sizes .
loved the design but the paint began to chip off after only a few days . could have been better crafted
you have to bye more chords what a rip i thought it would be cool but it sucks don't by
would never buy again . stick w pb .
smells too strong and stay a long time . actually made me feel a little ill . won't use what i bought
these pencils absolutely suck , don't buy them . i'll choose crayola over these anyday ! they have weak leads that also break easily .
i returned this item because the online description of this item was different from what was listed on the package .
the ending series of the mistborn series . i thought the book was predictable , nothing exaordinary at all . a bit disapointed
wasn't really what i was looking for . didn't find any recipes that i wanted to try . disappointed and won't subscribe .
not a kitchen aid part , did not fit my bowl lifter kitchenaid mixer . i will not recommend these item .
i tried to read this book and gave it a good shot , but it was meaningless and had no form .
bad movie
good customer service to replace the st set when it started to peel , but the second set peeled very soon .
the speaker phone broke within month . no ac plug . only will take batteries . bad phone . would not purchase again .
very short and rather dry account of two people who knew each other , list each other , and found each other .
the charger was ok , but the batteries worked only one use after that did not want to charge any more .
no pocketit has no pocket to store papers etc opposite the kindle on the inside which my original cover does
fake ! sounds so weak . no bass . they are not oem . sound quality of these are so horrible . fake samsung head phones
i bought it for mi ipod shuffle g and guess what it does not work . they miss inform in the title .
go for a size bigger then your normal size cause its really small . no complaints with the hat and mustche
seriously ? . ? the price is so crazy ! i went to market basket today and found out they only sold . !
lackluster graphics limited game selection bested by several other free solitaire collections for variety , ease of use , and graphics display
you literally never get to win . everytime u get close to winning . boom ! it adds two more cards . suckish , suckish , suckish , suckish . . . .
current item was too loud and i can't regulate speed . so i disappointing and never recommend to buy my friends
just arrived . osx doesn't recognise the keyboard and the instructions appear to be for a different model . very disappointing purchase .
these ornaments are poorly covered in strips of paper . hideous . could not give them away even at a yard sale .
okay , but they have this dumb email stamped on the inside of each napkin . bleh . that was a real downer .
big disappointment , i bought packs and its still thin and lifeless . just a waste of money . super super thin
only worked for a month then started flashing then stoped working all together don't get it it's not worth it
did not stay on pencils and ended up being another toy that distracted my seven year old daughter at school .
chain did not fit power mac . called and sent back chain . did not here back from seller . just lost . good luck .
this book was difficult for me to follow and i bought it for my jr . high student .
crap . don't worry we will never remember them after two years from now .
holds the slide from working correctly . actually damaged the phone . would not buy this item in the future . big mistake !
used a small amount for twice a day for weeks and it was empty do not waste your money .
i received my item but when i got it it wasn't for my iphone it was for the .
i would like to write a review of the columbo bundle however , i never received them .
i hate this doll it is so small i , lost it already never buy a mini american girl doll ever people
already broken closure .
stitching came apart after a days wear , very disappointing for cost involved . ruined christmas present . i would not recommend this .
this player didn't even ship with the right headphones and the player just quit working completely after two days . not recommended .
worst phone in android history !
i have been taking raspberry ketone for days , and i have gained pounds . what a waste of money .
dvd door opens at ever bump . only worked for month . not worth it to install it in your car .
product came with very deep and notable scratches . i don't bother to return , as it is used in batchroom only .
wouldn't open for me
absolutely useless
i know cork is natural and no two are the same . i was sent two sticks in a bag .
the wall quote did not adhere to the wall . i followed the instructions to the tee , and it didn't work .
very bad script about bad greedy guys . if you read in news no need to watch this movie at all .
if you're looking for an airplane book , i'd recommend anything by john grisham instead . more real educational value .
i could not get it to work . had to uninstall it . would have love to rate it higher . so sorry . thank you so much .
i am not using these afterall , too rigid . i have liked some other pads better . they also may need trimming .
black and white picture don't really entertain , nor get the attention of children . this book was a dud !
sizing is way off . to light weight .
i never ordered or downloaded this item i cant rate it because i don't know what it is , don't know
if you ever used cheap no name balls that's what you get with dhs star logo . fake . stay away .
doesn't fit on an oversize grip . doesn't come with instructions . spend a little extra , get the swingyde . this is junk .
they are edible , but they are melted and sticky . they should be really good candies . i'll probably buy from somebody else .
the liner is tearing and the leather is ripping and turning brown in places as if it's not real .
i give three star nin item no good . jj cnat i dont type revirw after mumhh hhvffs s s
it's itchy and the quality seems to be lacking . i wouldn't buy it again .
don't like the tone and it seems extremely inconvenient at times could've gotten a better deal at wal mart here locally
gives serious gas no joke , do not mess around with these suckers
did not fit and tried to return with no success .
somehow you charged me for two of these dollars only ordered one and only received one .
this wasn't what i was expecting . i didn't get the impression this was a chick flick by reading the description .
order this said it came with student cd rom the cd is not with the book
even cheap no name scissors work for a little while . these are dull from the jump .
this dvd is so out dated and really doesnt show active birth or anything like it . save your money
of the chargers worked . apple has released updates which prevent these from functioning properly . theyre cheap but dont buy !
this game sucks its nothing like numb ways to die ! it's super easy and stupid . do not get this game !
it's ok , but not a very stimulating toy
cannot figure how to make it work . does not respond like it says it should in the instructions
had to return b c it isnt compatable . bought two that were unable to play . very disappointingnot sure why , but they were returned .
this is a bunch of junk only think that was cute were the lights w which didn't turn off uggg
china junk get a gopro
this book was so dull . it contained so much trivial detail that it was a laborious read .
the neat desktop do not scan your receipts , we just want a replacement to get our business going this year .
if you really want these seed get them from a reputable source like the university of new mexico umsc .
to stiff . leather belt is so stiff , not at all acceptable , not easy to return from nz otherwise would have returned
needs to have age appropriate . for kids . i have to add more words . this is ridiculous . never rating again period !
just couldn't get into this book . will try to read when i want to take a nap .
was liking this game until cupid task started to throw the game out of sync . i am done with it .
beware ! classic controler not supported . don't even use it with a fightstick it will not work . thanks nintendo ! enough said
if you like campers and broken games , then this is your pick . if you want a game that works . look elsewhere .
used as directed and my nasal passages closed immediately . i would recommend a generic saline product for the same result .
this cable is not compatible with the iphone gs . the phone refuses to recognize the cable . total waste of money .
these are useless ! they split as soon as we put the mattress in them . i would never purchase them again
. do not support games that degrade . ever . it's just a complete shame that will slowly allow the world to crumble .
it didn't work at all ! it made me go to the bathroom constantly but no weight loss . not worth it
deceiving . item not as shown . no glass or the white and black strip box . it is just a small candle .
i was disappointed with this . there was nothing there . for as much as it cost there was no story line .
for the son of a best friend who has everything . this will work as a gift . grease is not his friend .
total waste of time . ridiculous plot . absurd scenarios . juvenile writing . i want my three dollars back . this is a series ?
i bought them for my th gen ipod shuffle . good price was attractive , but they just do not work , period
days in the lives of vacuous idiots .
the zero kept getting stuck from day one it is very cheaply made andvery bad quality don't buy it .
this thing broke on the first pass through my hair . i mean seriously it's nothing but a piece of junk !
this was offered on facebook for free and , i was charged . not happy would return it if i could
two teeth were missing in the clippers other then that it is ok . it did cut ok on my dogs .
it came in a gross teal color . barf ! totally counterproductive . i wish it came in a more aesthetically pleasing color .
boring same as the first one
anti skip doesn't work well . headphone jack quit working after a couple of months .
beware . these are original artists , but not the original recordings . don't fall for this cheapie .
they jump around in time so much it's a joke .
very disappointed . screws to short , holes to big for screws . all in all a poor purchase . would not buy again .
bad acting bad special effects bad ending but noy bad enough to be good skip
the picture on amazon . com was better than it is in person . i kept it and still don't know why .
this book was extremely dull reading compared to his other books . it was hard to keep focused on the plot .
it's not worth it . i did not like the quality at all . i am really thinking about sending out back .
this harmonica takes a lot of air . i have several and my favorit is the hohner chromonica c
did not like this productpieces do not fit in well , they keep falling offi do not use them anymore
basic beginner information . booklet was not what i hoped but still has some good areas .
they appear to be nice slippers but they do not measure inches . they are a large size for toddlers .
the description says putty , it is more like sticky gel . it is not something i would recommend in the future .
this was a gift for my granddaughter . i haven't heard any complaints , but she wouldn't . sorry i can't help more .
i got it . played it for an hour . haven't gone back . it's so boring it should be criminal .
this item is at least sizes smaller than it states . be warned .
its stupid . you cant swipe anything . how are you supposed to win . dont waste your money . even though its free
this is very short . there is nothing new here . it's what people have done for centuries . don't waste your money .
this is a tribute band , not acdc and they are horrible ! getting my money back !
this game is boring got it for sister and it took forever toget downloaded don't get it you'll regret it !
watched time and dvd skipped and locked up
this is not the best you can only do like five at time . i don't really like it it's plain .
after one fully charged use of the battery , it will not recharge . this was a complete waste of my money .
nothing !
one of the bulbs was broken a fracture around where you screw it in . the other worked just fine . amy
cheap plastic junk arrived broken
hi they work fine but some were to thin for my purposes . i will be back for another size . thanks
i ordered the dvd bambi for my son , it was scratched and the case was tore up a little
evrything would be good if we could see what time it is . it doesn't show it red but black . i'm disappointed .
it broke almost immediately . it didn't work . was a waste of time and money . so i reccomend that ppl not waste their money .
please be aware these units are dicontinued by the factory . sony is a better choice .
i guess i should have read the description better . the boxes are all so tiny . definitely not worth the money .
none of the items worked the charges appeared to have a short in them . don't order these items from fosmon
horrible quality ! took forever to come ! don't waste your money ! spider man's eyes all messed up ! my son said who's that ?
i thought these were dripless candles and they literally ruined my menorah with all of the wax that dripped everywhere .
bought a tricycle not a fit . nice but without the right bike no good . need different bars than mine where .
the case cool but i though it . could be a luh better nd more color but it's grate for show out
no to iap , no to excessive permissions , no to data mining . faotd ? i won't install garbage , even if you paid me !
way small and too long on my ankles , looked awful on me . would not reccomend to anyone fid others .
one of the worst documentaries i have ever purchased and i own dozens . don't waste your money !
why kill the protagonist i'm so freaking upset how could she do theis to us ! urg i'm mad right now
mouth guard never fit right even with trimming . large tendency to cause gag reflex . would not buy again .
shirt was xl and it was so small it fit my daughter who wears a small
it looks better as an ornamental
sorry , it was a little too hard for this old gal to figure out . i just didn't like it .
i saw this years ago and its funny , but this dvd is for zone and will not play in america !
after one practice it started losing air . the ball simple won't stay inflated , terrible quality . my daughter was very disappointed .
acting and production appeared to have been done by amateurs . how can you screw up bad guy vs good guy ?
spend some time in searching the web you find better tutorials . webapps are poorly explained , may help some beginners .
these are beaufiful but the strap across the top of the foot is too loose .
the program runs so slow even on the faster computer to the point it is almost unusable
um i never tried it but i heard it ducks and does not work on kindle fire which i have .
makes my kindle get a constant java error had to uninstall it want a refundevery minutes an error came .
i tried ver yhard over and over but doesnt connect to any of my cameras . only predetermined cameras are avaialble
one shoe ok , the other too large . had to send it to repair . this will limit my future online purchases
this thing did not work properly and apparently most of them don't from what i have found out . money wasted .
i'm so disappointed that this is how it was all wrapped up . the worst book of the series . very anticlimactic .
cheap quality and it had a chocolate stain on it i think
way way way too long and does not right in the hips or waistdoes not work for hot yoga
i found this game too long winded . the grandma is creepy looking and the dialouge is way too time consuming .
ugly , very ugly except maybe for a farmer
is too small for my rifle remington with scope , i had to buy another one so dont buy this one
design is faulty and holes in case are in the wrong place . do not waste your money ! bad product overall
i gave as a christmas gift it was sent back to me stating not working , my nephew was not happy .
the case is of very poor constucton . the liner is wrinkled and loose and the port access locations a off .
not really helpful . unless you can get your doctor to read this book , or at least listen to you .
i bought this book because i needed it for school , but i feel like i was ripped off .
i thought that this product had a trim blade . not satisfied at all .
a silly idea
ordered two expecting one from each side got two from south one of them broken very disappointed
very slow started the movie about times and i don't think we ever finished watching it . more words .
i didnt recieve the playstation free code , or free ps plus trial , or free music unlimited trial
pretty but not practical
the black paint chips off easily so it's not something i would want to put in my skin . over priced
odd style choices . strange tempo choices . only one tune in the set worth playing with .
terrible , does not heat up enough to do anything . instead it crimps your hair and you look like a lion .
poor quality material . easily tears and barely handles normal use .
the picture shows a qty of stones , but only get one stone . . for one stone is very expensive !
shape was cut by a year old . from far it's ok , but from close it is deceiving . cheap though .
springstar s flea trap , after a week i've yet to see any results . my cat has fleas up a storm .
i didn't take my month old cat longer than minutes to practically destroy this scratcher , eventually , he did !
weird material . kinda like the vinyl table cloth material . i don't like it and will never wear it . ew . ew .
but it wouldn't come out messed up my screen protector horrible experience ! would never buy again ! ! !
inches too long . not good . plus string is gard to tie . i will never buy this brand again . thanks
couldn't get the bubbles out or cause it to be lint free between the protector and glass . wasted both sheets .
lots of talk about impractical business ideas and promotion methods . hundreds of pages of empty talk .
it does not do anything . it just irritates the anus . it is not worth the money i spent on it .
the bracket says it rated for lb , but would not support my lb flat screen . total frustrating situation .
it is cool but more of a normal book except the trouble greg gets himself into just annoys me ! megan
if pac was still here now he would never ride with ja nah nah nah nah nah nah
hope it meets my expectations with some interesting history of yokohama . have not had the time to read this yet .
really disappointed . i could not get it to work with my vinyl siding ! would not want to recommend to any one
goes on easily and smells good right away but the scent does not last but a few minutes . don't buy !
it is an ok shirt , because of the poor fabric . looks like those shirts for raising money campaigns
again . everything from this brand looks cheap ! very bad quality ! and its not polo ralph lauren . be careful !
i do not like this game . it is very slow moving and boring . glad it was free . would not recommend .
the tootbrush holder are ok , but toothpaste holder it doesn't hold at all .
this is not a low carb recipe book .
great price and nice look , but i will be surprised if they last wears . the soles are extremely under par !
no bars . where are they , it supose to be like the one shown in the pirture , so .
amazon sizing is incorrect . eu is us not so returned . inseam length is not listed as well .
don't buy it . not for kindle fire . only to . android . please amazon put big , big letter explaining about this problem
flimsy prongs , the rubber back wouldn't stay on . minimal sparkle . complete waste of money . don't waste your money or time .
these appear to be safety glasses . not exactly what i was expecting . they are a bit cheaply made .
very disappointed . broke in less than three days . total waste of money . i guess you get what you pay for .
nothing like i thought it would b . comparedto dark arcana and deep so disappointing . would not recommend to any hog lover
the peeps were pretty stale when we received them , i guess i shouldn't order out of season food online anymore .
cable is garbage , stopped working after months . overhits on the lightning port end and does not charge phone .
i tried to use this item with types of ps mice and never works .
tooooo wordy took to long to develop the plot .
its just a waste of money . it doesn't fit on the top area especially and i'm really really dissatisfied period
the pillow sent looked nothing like the pillow in the picture . not even close , no leaves on it at all .
didn't receive the wire i paid for !
if you like escm then listen to the album carefully , it did not cut it for me . sorry bt
fancy name aside , it's nothing special but then it doesn't cost much so you want to give it a try .
movie is a bit confused as to what genre it would like to play to , as well as visually bland .
i think the pedometer is garbage . not worth paying for . not even worth star .
i dropped my phone once on the ground and the case broke and shattered . i thought it was more durable .
this is a black case painted white and evreytime you bump it the paint comes off leaving black specks everywhere
syncing contacts with exchange does not work properly . if create contact on phone can only enter name and nothing else .
this is the worst shisha money can buy !
crapped out after a month and company gave me the run around and wouldn't replace itdont waste your money !
the quality on this is very poor . i did not expect it to last forever but more that minutes .
the item did not keep the insulin cold , i would not recommend . i will use a small cooler . not happy
it's a great book for people who are interested in medicine . it 's not for medical doctors .
it is only have a japanese language but in here it wasn't said that , only language is japanese . thank you .
i have to return them . . is the size that i usually wear but these navy moccasins are too large .
the idlis didnt turn out well . they dont become fluffy as they are supposed to . it was a worthless buy .
it does not work on my lenovo r , but it does on my dell desktop
this program was not funny at all . i was very disappointed . does not compare to any of his previous work .
i was looking for one with a softer gel . still looking .
i like the actors , but this movie is the worst i have seen . even the special effects were bad .
advertized as unlocked . wasn'tanniversary gift for my husband . not happy
sappy only read it for a book club . she's got the whole ' 's wedding thing nailed . should have stopped there
i just received incorrect pint glasses . not shot glasses ! i like the glasses but not what was advertised . really disappointed .
it gave me a razor burn sooooooooooooooo bad my girlfriend asked if satan grabbed my face !
it wasn't the one i really wanted . i order the correct one later . it was correct . thank you , thank you thanks
i found this book the same story as every other person leaving the lds church . not worth reading .
when i got this it would work fine . it kept freezing up my phone , and had to uninstall the app .
sent wrong part and will , not exchance for right part . sorry my spellig suck , es
makes a sloppy mess and does a poor job of peeling . i would not recommend this product under any circumstances .
i made a mistake and order this corset not my size at all but good quality for a small waist
long cable but developed a short at the micro end .
did not enjoy this game very boring and tediuos at timessome puzzles i do enjoy , this isn't one of them
the case is flimsy and doesn't hold the housing or the strobe in well at all . don't waste your money .
absolute trash . basically copied a few blogs online , pieced it together and printed out as a pdf . complete ripoff . beware .
so disappointing that this order never came ! have to make sure i wasn't charged for them ! won't use this vendor again
this is a rather riculous movie and poorly acted . the plot was plausible but overall it was a let down .
i only found two duets that could be used for high school contests . most were not appropriate or not interesting .
device has aclicking noise when used with ann ipad . instructions vague . took several hours to setup but sound is not good .
skin fits nicely on the back , but not so nicely on the front . have removed it from the front
this does not fit the kindale hd they didn't tell me when ordered i will not order any more cases
very very difficult to install doesnt work with new photo shop on windows seven machine have to back door scans
i haven't receive the full refund for the product that i return . they shipped me wrong item
this game is so dumb ! it's just so stupid its nothing like the real slendy tubys don't waste you're space
some of the water leaked into the case when we tested it before we put the phone into the case .
although this might protect my credit cards , it is not rigid enough to stay open if nothing is in it .
belt loops do not work with a proper concealed carry belt . the loops are too narrow .
one of them broke the first time i wore them . they look good but break . do not recommend under any circumstance .
cheap built . i bought one several years ago that was a good set . they have changed how they make them .
how do i get rid of this book that now is on my nook ? nothing more to say except avoid !
the pumpkin runner was shorter than i wanted and the quality of the cloth was not good . i was disappointed .
it was old and had been worked in . i was very disappointed with it guess that's what buying used gets .
i rate this book from to its a it wasnt what i inspectedat all thanks anyways
had high hopes . it worked well for or days . the controller went haywire . very dissapointed . threw it away .
i bought one waited a week , when i got i was super surprised to find out that idid not work .
worst tasting coffee ever and not low acid . get healthwise . tastes like real coffee and is low acid .
the product for me was too bulky . i ended up putting it away and bought the leather flip to case
not what i expected , disappointed . unorganized , scattered , instruction lacking , hard to even look at . i wouldn't recommend this to anyone .
it's too big , and feels cheap . very unusual for jenny bird jewelry . i'm not sure i will ever wear it .
skip this video and find another video . this appears to be a poorly filmed home video . definitely do not recommend .
the shoes were significantly smaller than what was indicated on the shoe tag and shoes leading to a size misfit .
interesting premise , but not carried out very well .
i have not received it yet . so no review ! it' s frustrating when we're asked for reviews and haven't recieved the product !
this iacute tem works great
i love math and numbers but this game is just stupid . don't waste your time with downloading it , keep looking !
initially i liked the book but the writing and plot deteriorated . not worth your time .
check my write up for this tremolo here . stay away ! guitar tremolo bridge double locking systyem black floyd rose lic
worked great out of the box for a couple months , then slowed down and then stopped completely . save your .
it is loo loong for any practical way . not to usefull , it required a special ocassion . not what i spected
did not germinate . tried in several locations and kept watered .
i have seen the video on youtube and love it but i cannot watch the dvd . it will not play !
the animals stuck every time . only one animal ran smooth . it sticks every time you try to get balls . just not fun .
see title , sucks a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p sucks
not what i expected
the band we received was not spelt right .
knowledge is power so its not completely uselsess but it looks like a free pamphelet that someone re sold on amazon .
it just didn't seem to make any difference at all . the only thing this product did successfully was stain clothing .
the color was not like i saw in the picture . the fit was not right for my feet !
this case is far too big for the galaxy s do not buy this caseit's cheap for a reason !
posted as new but container old , tools appear used , white particle material in box . disappointing
does not work .
the fit was a little too small for her the last shipment fit the bestit was a diffent order .
i purchased it hoping it would help but didn't seem to do anything at all does have a nice smell
it broke within the first week with out being dropped . might as well not have a case on the phone .
was disappointed with the product thickness . definitely do not recommend for those who love wearing earrings . its hardly visible when worn .
this shoe was too small and tight compaired to the same size sport shoe i bought locally from other brand
this is one of the worst ice cream scoops that i have ever bought . the outside cover is coming off
bought this for my rottie . the metal eyelets started popping out within a few days and light use . expected better .
where the heck was the longest yard song ? did they call it another name or something ?
not the greatest , or the brightest but they do work . they are also the size that they say they are .
it just was not up to the expectations that are generally there for vc andrews . it could have been better
easily falls apart , bad chemical smell , would not recommend
broke three days after christmas . one ball broke in several sharp pieces and now can't be used to played with .
the turbotax software is great , but you will most likely be required to pay additional fees for e filing state returns .
i returned the item due to receiving the incorrect furniture order . the smartguard year protection pan is no longer needed .
great pen ! but drop it once with cap off and the ball on the ink roller breaks
this set is very disappointing . even the stones were phony looking and not even a match in color . please try to improve .
i just got this yesterday and i log in and it says cant sign in try again later every time .
i have not read enough of the book to tell if it is a good book . it sounds very interesting .
it is a bad experience about online shopping , the production is not the latest one . the expiration date is .
the first one i ordered was lost the replacement came with the top was broken . the color was also wrong .
threads weren't the right size and now i am trying to find a threaded insert so i can use it .
kong toy has a hole in it and i orderd one with out a hole in it .
did not fit
i am suffering from sciatica for almost four months as of now , tried this product , no significant results .
book is written in a very hap hazard manner . didn't find it very interestingand very difficult to follow . wouldn't recommend it .
it had absolutely no affect on me . simple is that . may be it was not potent enough . heard so much about this product . disappointed .
over and over it goes , regurgitating the same turgid story line . yuk . i could not recommend this book to anyone .
don't buy it ! i ordered a new one but received a used one . that is totally unacceptable . don't buy it .
these costumes are way too small they could fit an american girl doll they are unbelievably inaccurately sized .
can someone send info on the page book dimensions for this organizer ? i want to be sure x copy paper will fit .
have to put it directly on yourself , nd press firmly or its worthless . !
this games is one of the worst games ive ever played mostly cause i hate golf still never buy it
pass . unless you have nothing to do , like you are in jail and its either this or sahara . jeez . no .
replaced it with beilkin this unit works fine it it it it it it it it it it it
this book is very old and outdated . i didn't learn anything from it . a waist of money .
never received .
really cheaply made save your money and pay more for better made . the plastic is really thin . try another type .
wow way too hot . peanuts are coated with some sort of really hot powder that is not appealing ot me
the h does not reflect my real heart beat rate and is very erratic at the start of each exercise
ripped while putting on . foam is very easily torn while the elastic is strong . not worth the .
this movie is completely shameless in its distortions , misrepresentations and outright lies . could only be embraced by conservative christian fundamentalists .
i would like to return this pair shoe . it's not fit me . please send me a return form . thanks !
this game was awful . it took forever to go from one level to the next . i would not recommend it you anyone .
the visual stopped moving after about secs . with only the sound remaining . not what i thought i was getting !
why so short ? i was expecting a book not an excerpt ! i'm so upset that it wasn't a book . grrrr
didn't like the book really hated the way it ended . would not buy again . did not want to review it .
was not happy with eternity . of all the parfum that i have purchased i could not smell any scent . disappointed .
my last one was over years old . i did not like it well enough to buy another panasonic again .
this is very uncomfortable . you get what you pay for i suppose . i wouldn't recommended this . made my back hurt .
advertised for auto but only works for home
i liked this book a lot better when it was just a short story in the book soft , very disappointed
worked slowly from the start . difiicult to remove and insert . the worst flash drive i have ever purchased .
i really enjoyed this book . can't wait to read the next one . loved the historic detail woven into the story .
the fingers in these gloves are for a small child . not a grown woman who regrets this purchase . total waste of money .
stopped working within a week .
pretty , but the front piece broke within a few days when i tried to remove it . total waste of money .
but the heroine is portrayed as a self absorbed , ditzy girl not an intelligent spy . it has potential , but fell short .
seems to be a bit to boring . afraid to unlock rest that it will cost and still be boring .
charger was broken when i got it do not waste your money cause it will break do not do it
about into the book it's flat and doesn't move . now is the time for jall good men to come
i went with the size chart and recommendations , it just runs small . i have to shrink to wear it . not happy .
this was supposedly a mix of predominantly violet , purple beads there were very few beads of any shade of purple
the song is tonight and the rest of my life by nina gordon
it says it will kill automaticly running aplication and save the battery lifebut it dontthis is like hookas fokas
bad quality
if i could give it not stars i would . didn't work at all on my kindle fire hd . really disappointed .
it says on the description that it works with bose dock station , but it does not . i don't recommend it .
from what i could tell , this stuff did not seem to change the attidude of my cat much at all .
it protects the phone the had cover is exposed and hurts my ear .
purchased because i heard it smelled clean . smelled like a public bathroom . awful ! can't even stand the jar to be open .
i played monopolydelux for years . this is a poor excuse . the available game interactions are too few . back it goes .
got this as a gift for my husband , studs fell out quickly with everyday wear , in about a week .
for addicts who feed of negativity , wallow in the swamp of drama and distract themselves from bettering their own life
they totally sent the wrong item ! very disappointed very hard to find shampoo of this type for oily hair sent for dry hair ?
seems cruise is falling down , maybe a bad day ? any way if you see this for free it's worth it .
i was disappointed with this product . it wasn't what i expected it to be . well i guess i'll keep looking .
the ball doesn't latch very well so as soon as it bumps into something it opens up . not worth buying .
when trying to start the wheels of fortune game , it just keeps trying to load and freezes up my kindle .
start a business and deduct everything ! we've heard it all before but now it is presented in an narrative form .
leading edge bowed and wouldn't capture any crumbs . useless and i returned it for a refund . which was managed well .
pictures would've been extremely helpful . whether drawings or actual photos of step by step . i'll give it stars for the other tips !
honestly submitted with no malice aforethought , mayb the force be with you , al is fair in love and war , peace
save your money . stuart has other fine efforts . this just isn't one of them . of course , your mileage may vary .
was better when used local schools as reporting stations . now reporting stations are too far away to give relevant readings .
this did not work as advertised . it was just like an icy hot or tiger balm .
i have ms and hoped it would help me stay cool . it did not . don't waste your money on it .
i was disappointed in these as they do not ahere like the originals do . seems like the adhesive is old .
it was plastic and broken , i would have preferred glass . i returned it and found another fixture on another site .
nah does not improve nor captures any signal at all . i am very disappointed . don't buy .
i thought these would like the picture . the look messy and cheap . i am highly disappointed in what i got .
not what i expected not worth it would not recommend anyone to download . waste of time not worth even veiwing
roller lite never showed up on tablet . im just glad it was not expensive . i hate technology . thanks for nothing
very small . great for little kids age yrs . the bands tend to slip owhat ion lead you are wearing watch .
it was ok not what i needed . it was take i or leave it lol i returned it . try again .
super affordable and in great condition , beyond usable . was the first of many books ordered the same day , to come
yeah , well if your a single mom with a daughter you probably don't want to read this . but then again .
this book was not appealing to my first graders . they did not enjoy the illustrations and the text was long .
button soupit was not in as good condition as i understood . stickers were on the outside and it was dirty
poor explanation on the box . try a couple of times and just won't remove the hair at all . do not recommend .
hard to put pack in .
the item has a lot of background noise ringing sound buzzing in the background it gets very annoying .
containers were small and the pump containers have a lot of waste . will not buy this product on line again .
seemed like good movie but the sound didn't match lips . dollar rental ?
caught on fire , burned a piece of my hair off . works well otherwise but don't think it's worth the risk !
don't buy this . one star for fast shipping
water has a plastic taste and won't go away . took filter out and fill water glass and taste goes away
this item doesn't even look like the one the picture . it's not the real thing and it's a bootleg one .
i didn't like all of the nudity and just thought that took away from the beauty of the beatles lyrics .
this is a better set up than the one that came with the clock . it even has a second hand .
did a lousy job printing . the print job was unreadable and the quality was unacceptable . i would never buy again .
thank goodness for being able to play samples wonder how many have been ripped off ?
now concerned that i haven't received it since you're asking me to review it . one star seen like too many .
la imagen de portada que tiene amazon est aacute equivocada . han puesto la sabidur iacute a y el legado de stephen r . covey
this constantly locks up my child can't get thru one letter without it locking up . the free version worked better .
way to big for the task at hand . they fit , but the end cap is to bid for road bars .
i need to return them if i can
i bought this one for my little baby . i feel it's waste of money and waste of time . don't buy this product .
nice program but not very detailed . the kids completed the whole app in about minutes . not worth the price .
rapidly becomes soft porn ! with an r rating and spike lee i should have known .
cheap obsolete pictures were crap . not worth the moneyetc . etc . etc would not rate this well it was not a good camera at all ok
too cumbersome
this book is full of useless ideas , good ideas , yes , but common sense . not worth the money .
don't bother buying this mouse ! worked two times then quit ! i know its cheap ! find another mouse ! maybe microsoft
i could not figure out how to put the amount remaiming on the status bar so i deleted this app
it did not fit on our hanging rod . they don't seem to fit standard rods so look again for another .
typical disappointing crap that vince vaughn always makes anymore . i expect more from jonah hill but should have known better .
these were awful . i purchased these new and the right headphone did not even work . what a waste of money .
cheap cheap . very poor quality . i gave it to me girls for dress up .
they are boot cut . i bought w l and received the right ones , but they are measured about inches in waist .
i installed this replacement unit in february and the cable snapped in may after the original lasted years . terrible !
grab green automatic dishwashing detergent half of the pods were totally broken . i was like a bag of white sand .
very cheap looking for what i wanted .
does not charge my phone in the car , only charges when plugged into the wall
of drugs is very much up pressure ! it's bad medicine . i will not buy them and you do not advise
this vacuum sealer does not work and i would not recommend anyone wasting their money on buying it .
the print is fuzzy needs to b crisp besides that the girls liked them . and no way track it
dvds would not play on either my stand alone dvd player or my computer dvd drive . these discs are defective .
i went through this dlc for minutes . what a disappointment ! i expected more . hopefully next dlc will be better , than this .
a little too big for my teeny head , either i can roll it up or wear it over my eyebrows
just like movies there are b books and this is one of them . it reads well but sophomoric .
some grammar errors
amazon info says dvd , but it's vhs quality . just awful . fullscreen and tracking issues . hoping to get my money back .
not what i would call an enjoyable or even an enlightening work of literature . not recommended not recommended not recommended
not the best product . cheap but not worth the price .
this is not customized for htc m . the openings are at the wrong places . disappointing , considering all the other good reviews .
cheaply made , does not do the cuts as described . it rather chews your veggie to pieces . i would not recommend .
i haven't seen any results from this at all . i followed all the instructions and had no success . very disappointed .
this is not a better mousetrap despite its good looks . takes time to line up cuts letters . am keeping it for decoration
shallow covering of the topic . does not even address the formation of the earth . disjointed and uninteresting . no pictures at all .
it did not last for even one full year . it stopped charging laptop so i had to replace it again .
we received package but unable to activated since i can not find the activation number . it remain idle .
after being drawn in during the nd chapter . i hated when the story was over . needed more tissues ! i loved it .
did not work in my mfc cn brother printer even though it was advertised this way
riser was cheap soft metal and did not tighten to my picatiny rail , do not buy , going in junk box .
wrong batteries didnt fit my phone
the product worked one day and one day only . i threw it away . a big waste of money .
first time i used it on a lemon , the handle snapped off . do not buy this cheap product . very dissapointed
the paint was completely dry and unusable . the horse was very cheap plastic . it should have cost or less .
do humanity a favor and listen to the orginal versions of these songs .
i was unable to download this book so , i cannot rate it . i was looking forward to reading this book .
it was so good i fell asleep half way through it . i guess some teeny brained kids will like it .
the handle twisted off after about month of use . what a waste of time .
junk does not work
stopped working after months
the scent doesn't last long as soon as you spary it the smell goes away . i'm not pleased at all
the cut out for the camera lens did not line up and they did not stick to the device properly .
just another top dj with no education , military service or substantive ideas spewing faux populist drivel . c'mon people .
got two of them so far and both broke . i will not be ordoring another . wasnt a durable enough product
on the first day the padding was coming off around the edges . not worth the price . time for duct tape .
this does not fit properly and the measurements given to determine the size to order is not correct . poor quality
not a good item and when i returned it , i only got half of what i paid for it .
please say this is a joke . please .
these are so thin they won't lie flat . had horrible chemical odor that took weeks to dissipate . very bad purchase .
i wish when they said board book they gave dimensions . this is hardly appropriate for class use . tiny tiny tiny
i guess i didn't really know what a duvet was as it wasn't what i wanted so i returned it .
i bought this rack and i don't recommend this item because doen not have the support neccesary for shoes .
this sunglases does not fit comfortable at all very flimsy for a sunglases that expensive total waste of my money
since the fire runs so many android apps , i thought i'd take a chance . ya win some ya lose some .
said no contract phone didn't realize that ment u had to start a contract to make it work . cant even post
praise be the bugaboo cup holder with the largest clip attached works perfectly on the city select . skip this one .
returne .
described as new . had a missing disk , scratches everywhere . definitely now new . returned for a full refund including shipping
this book is just thin , and it starts out depressing and gloomy and stays that way throughout the book . bluk !
i was deceived believing i was buying beatles originals . i did not . these are covers by unknown artists . be aware . don't buy .
it only lasted minutes . i was shredding regular bills being page thick . will buy a commercial grade shredder instead . extremely disappointed !
don't work well
dont get this when in final survive mode it loses its balance really easily dont even consider getting it bad
absolute piece of crap can't do anything with it
didn't like the new style less and less rhinestones on my novelty glasses ! they look nothing like its picture ! not happy !
they charge me a big fee whe i went to pick it up . cheap things end up expensive . not good
they were very flimsy and ripped very easy . plus hard to get on the ear bud . will never buy again !
online previews sounded decent , so i bought it . yuck . whiny emo winnie rock . over produced sound . no soul . way too sappy .
this claptrap would have never been published had the author not been black and female .
light bulb placements are ineffective . looking at it from the outside it is hard to tell that they are candles .
this is soldiers' field in chicago . home of the chicago bears . not the baltimore memorial stadium for the ravens . sorry
the book was used but they did not say that there is a lot of missing pages in the book .
the case is cute and stylish but not protective at all . i knew it wasn't protective when i bought it .
this item carries too little water to do a good job . other wise it is of good quality .
very thin cheap not made well rug . i'm returning it . when you read spa , you think plush but its not !
and it was wrong then , and is wrong now . why does malthusian and neo malthusian stuff keep grabbing the public's opinion ?
did not understand it ! i could not get into this book , n still dont klnow what it was talking about
i really wanted there to be more info on peeta and her like married children i don't know wanted more !
not a lot of plot . simple , poorly developed characters . unrealistic assumptions about the lack of cultural changes in millennia !
it upsets my stomach and does not relax me at all . very disappointed in this product and will not re order
without a doubt the worst movie i ever saw . i actually watched it twice , but still didn't understand anything .
one worked and had to send back of them for a refund . they did that with out any problems .
knife is awesome standard sheath is crap looking forward to buying one from phlyter . com for ore than knife is worth
this case was not sturdy and did not last a long time . i ordered an otterbox in place of it .
i got something that kind of resembled this but was a game . did not receive the correct thing at all .
it worked but ends don't fit tight , i would not get them again . no would not recommend to a friend
i will re order another one as i might of received a defective . will update accordingly if the second one works .
too small , too much lint . not stretchy enough . too long . should return them as soon as possible . never again .
these gloves are pretty terrible . poorly made , barely keep your hands warm which is the whole point of having gloves
to small for the money . dogs couldnt play with it as well . i should have order the larger one .
did not work on either my schwinn neither attachment fitting works nor my next walmart bike . too short .
i thought these hung strangely really long and the wire was enormous , especially when hair up . i ended up returning them .
a bad version of hitch with will smith . couldn't sit threw more then fifteen minutes . poor acting and story line .
it does not stick on smoothly , so you are left with awkward bumps under your shirt that is very unflattering .
couldn't get it to work in my computer .
after only two months of use , one of the headphone wires pulled loose and now only works from one earphone .
piece of trash ! i tried with kind of lamps , any one work ! just spend money ! people don't by it !
as of june the tv is off the air . it does not recieve tv at all
bad qualitythrow this away after i get it . feels so plastic . don't buy it ! it's not goodnever ever buy it !
check out a review of this record at .
could not even access the game ! don't waste time or money on this !
i received top with belt missing tassel . they included tassel in pieces in a bag . the pants never showed up .
just too much pain for the poor results . give me waxing and plucking any day . i wouldn't recommend this product .
i put music on the player and it kept telling me nothing found . i could not get it to work .
generally will work for most people . using it on my motorcycle caused it to break , just from the mild vibrations .
this is a great read . i could hardly put this book down . it reminded me of tom clancy early books .
not accurate at all . gives a different number every time you stand on the scale . sometimes off by lbs .
crap . does not show body fat when linked to tanita bc . follow all instructions from manual and re did it a few times .
did not fit .
looks super cheap , fit bad . i don't think , i ever put it on . worst dress i ever have buy
instructions not in english , wasn't advised it was coming from china ! trying to return it for a refund . don't use !
i love van gogh and i love this picture , but the shiny , glaring paint makes this poster ugly and off putting .
if you scrub to hard on this the image washes off but my son does love the picture !
this just didnt stay on well . perhaps this was made some one with a larger hand . have tried it several times
they were to small for my feet but my wife thinks they are the cats meow meow meow meow meow
did not download to my coby kyros tablet . i don't know why it didn't work . will try again later . ok
this is not at all what it appears . it is cheap , ugly and appears dammaged .
sorry , this app doesn't work with my kindle fire hd . it should be good app but i can't check it .
immediately after receiving this case everythang u touch got on this case , would not recommend .
a tiny little amount of seeds and a whollop of a price for shipping . no thanks .
the headphones worked fine for weeks , then the right side quit working . i would not consider buying another pair .
i paid and they lasted maybe months . too late to return . i'll never buy this brand again . shame .
its terribly thin . basically see thru ! wish i would have bought the graco brand sheet even though they arent real soft .
not what expected
pay to play sucks tremendously and twenty word minimum does to so nine more words to go before can submit
super cute , but really cheaply made . we bought them for christmas and they are falling apart . not worth the
absolutely the smallest xtra large i ever bought
came from china awful
looked weird so i didnt even use it looked cheap thats all i have to say about this mirror screen
the book was written on on almost every page and it was missing a good number of pages .
mic function does not wokr . mic function does not work . mic function does not work . mic function does not work . .
i totally agree with daniel and miguel . you learn pratically nothing with this book . you only be more confused .
i ordered real simple on . today is . i have yet to receive an issue of this magazine .
this item was not only not comfortable but didn't keep my wife from snoring . i would not recommend this item .
only wanted to run monitors with a independent displays . the nd monitor still mirrors the first .
but did not look good on my ipad . i do not like the anti glare . it hides the ipad too much .
i like the way how it looks like but i think it does not help on the cold weather etc .
the product is not what is shown in the picture . dimensions and size of hole are misleading . i returned it .
it doesn't connect perfectly to the charging studs , leaving a gap , which causes the connector to be precariously hanging there .
i don't like the sole and the leather is already cracking . you get what you pay for . better luck next time .
there are the same things on each one that you do . sorry i even spent . on it . big mistake
i like the style , didn't like the material showed too much nor did i find it flattering to my shape
false advertisement ! see those golden screws on the picture ? well , they are not included on the kit . too bad
bent within minutes of installing . it's because of the cheap inferior metal used . check around before you buy this one .
pesimas
i bought this to keep next to a pool for safety purposes but its tag declares not a lifesaving device
purchased this but it won't fit guessing i need to have the lower case bored out so it'll fit .
doesn't work !
i canot instal the product on my macbook . i tried to visit . but theres no help for product ncb w .
to big for an iphone th or ipod th , very dissapointed with the add . now im selling this item in my city .
not only this guide is poorly written and not very helpful , it is also available for free on the web .
broke on first use . bought replacement string and the plastic end caps . broke on second use . save your money people .
very disappointed . the colors on this case are very faint not at all vibrant like it appeared in the add .
very cheap brush and the roller piece isn't secured well to the wand it wobbles . a waste of money .
just not my cup of tea maybe someone else would enjoy this especially if you like quirky very quirky movies . good luck !
this is junk do not spend your money on this trash not at all what they claim don't buy it .
these batteries are extremely weak . none of them exceeded one day use . even the price is good , i won't recommend .
time to get over it and move on ladies and gent
it's more of a documentary but if you love the horse and appreciate their bueatiful bodies and all watch it .
there was no instructions . the film had a tab attached to it that would not come off . it was useless .
this is nice . it's cute . there are phrases written across each image , which are difficult to read . it's just okay .
no ! it broke the send day ! sad . i was so disppointed . got what i paid for . embarrasing and disappointing !
cant get it to run or load for s . i want my refund please and get it to run or load
case leather peels off case in two months have to spend money to return it better off going to store
seems too scripted to me , although i am sure it is closer to reality therefore not really needing a script .
maybe i did something wrong , like order the wrong one , but these were made for a child or ladies arm .
sits too high on all my surfaces , haven t used it maybe a higher chair would help
middle section would bind so that a lot of force was required to get it out . not really useable .
not what i expected . not much of a story to it . i would not recommend this to a friend . sorry
cheap doesn't fit great
chalk board part works greatdoes not stick well which is the biggest complaintcleans wellvery flimsy tears easy
ok
the pedals do not fit the rods . this has been a waste of my time . do not buy this product .
did not work for me .
this game is horrible i could barley get past if you even get close to the pipes you die .
lots of pain and doesnt even get rid of the hair , buy this only if you wish to torture yourself
cheaply made . small n short fit . was dissatisfied with cut and does not launder well . would not recommend this purchase
i kept waiting for the good part . it was very depressing and could have happened in half the pages . ray
this dvd came from the uk and would not play in my player .
damaged after delivered . i couldn't return it since it was a gift to my brother in india
awful pair of shoes , too many reason to harp about so i'll just say they are awful awful awful awful
this book is a good overview of fitting adjustments , for the beginner who is just learning how to adjust patterns .
doesn't work with canon d . also doesn't charge with the canon official lc e battery charger . stay away from this product !
came in an envelope with no directions , description etc
excessive optical anomolies . required excessive adjustments , weird effects . not pleased . would not recommend to anyone else to buy these lens from any vendor .
this machine is not working . not shave anything just vibrates . i do not recommend . this product is a scam .
this is just angry people venting with vulgarity . this isn't poetry ! if this is im the next james joyce .
the skirt was much too small . i'm usually a size and it was too tight , length was fine . peony .
total waste of money . only cuts one piece at a time . huge bummer ! i wanted one that cut multiple pieces .
i ordered punk and i received red !
not worth your time . don't bother . hardly works in single player mode and does not work at all in multiplayer !
i didn't like the lack of graphics . i didn't like the fact that i couldn't shake the dice or see much .
this book contains many errors in diagrams , in text , in logic , and analysis . look to buy a better book .
is it for acoustic guitar or electric ? i really want it but i don't want to get the wrong thing .
goodnight moon was fine , but the others were not so great . grandson did not want to watch it at all .
it does not work !
liquid comes out way toooooo sloooooooow
i didn't realize the htc one x was different from htc one so it didn't fit my phone . ugh disappointed .
don't bother with this one . confusing and hard to navigate . will be removing it from my apps . dis appoint ing
not for me did not like it . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
pay a bit more money and get diffferent brand . this product is a waste of money .
the straps are horrible . the velcro does not stick and can't even use this piece of garbage . waste of money .
hello , i bought this laptop and it came without charger . please how do i charge my laptop ? thanks .
horrible material . horrible to open . just plain horrible . very dissatisfied . did not bother to return because they were so cheap .
very thin did not like the fabric of the shirt at all not thick enough
don't know yet
too many moves to get anywhere the game as played on the computer is far more challenging and interesting yuck
i've tried similar products . they all had some noticeable effects except this one . i don't recommend it .
not very good .
i only see recipes
this breaks too easily , especially on the corners and around the buttons . would not recommend , not really worth the price .
this case would not stay snapped to the phone . it constantly fell off . i had to order a different one .
it broke .
a lot of pages , some little triks . not a deal .
lid broke off after days in service . not very wind resistant . would not recommend for outdoor use at all .
i didn't finish the movie . from my perspective , it just rattled on an on and couldn't get to the point .
cheap plastic not very thick low quality material should not sell this item gives you a bad image thank you
an overly sentimental , long winded story . meanders along promisingly but just peters out in a disappointing manner .
good graphics . not as difficult as bubble birds ' . think it's more for children than adults . still enjoyed playingthough .
im not receive the book now days passed , because of poor service . so i dont know about the product .
while attractive , i found it uncomfortable to wear . i have a very small wrist , so it may fit you differently .
it wouldn't download to my android tablet , so i didn't even get to see if i liked it or not .
good presentation box but very bad content quality . they are not soft enough to use and are very small in size .
don't buy it it lasted one outing and quit working . when it did manage work it was very very slow .
the item never arrived . it's not the first time with these guys . don't waste your money ! it's a total waste .
it rusts . when it gets wet and makes brown spots on the dish drain . i would not recommend this product .
less than a year and now it wont turn on .
deleted it minutes after i downloaded it .
was very small and thin . more of a women's watch .
the hooks to hang over the door were missing . i was able to jury rig the hangers but not happy
the cover was difficult to put table into it and was much too stiff ! i would suggest a softer material .
because it worked weeks and then nothing . it will not turn on again . should of bought an apple i pad .
not to crazy about the begining . it didn't hold my interest and so i stopped watching . can't recommend this one .
it's cheap crappy plastic that is very very cheap don't buy this product it won't last you for your tablet !
its been a year still at do not get its a waste of money it is dollars
junk didn't work wouldn't charge left it pluged in all night tryed asking why it wouldn't work no response back
iphone face cracked after dropped one time . dont but this item if you are looking for protection . looks good though .
started out with promise but then became same old , same old
the battery only last for minutes after hours charge . do not waste your time to buy this item .
did not work sending back soon . first bose to failbose tech support a big fat jokesthanks for junk
vulgar . not even good satire . just biased against everything not in accordance with hollywood chicago political values . preview not representative of show .
mine was picked by a thief last night . . bike . gone with the wind . if the wind was on meth .
ok ladies , if you have curves these shorts are not for these shorts are for womens shape like a ladder . lol
no good
so , i follow the rule do not use if seal is broken . will go to trash . what i can say more
too much like other futuristic movies i have watched . dragged on for too long . i liked jodie foster's hair style .
my husband wears a . and these were uncomfortably small . i didn't feel like returning them so gave them away .
easy to install , but does not improve the quality of the sound much over the original samsung tv speakers . disappointing .
this must be the worst screen saver i ever try . very cheap quality don't even try them . no no
should say do not expose to water on label . worthless and complete waste of money and time . will use silicone
i didn't like the pans at all it was so bad i couldn't use them as i want . a
do not buy this unless you've seen it and like it . save your money .
this game is f or preschoolers , doesn't say t that . i am not a preschooler so i decided to delete it .
they began unraveling after i wore them only once . i bought two pairs and have had this problem with both .
this oil is not concentrated enough and does not help with what i purchased it for . would not buy again .
too small for my use . i would call this bag a small camera bag not a medium size camera bag .
it is taking around hours to completely charge samsung note , and even more if you are connecting computer
no good
charged very slowly and i couldn't use kindle while it was charging . it did crazy things . never tried car charger .
i never got this item bec for some reason unknown the sale was cancelled by the other party .
i thought there was really no story to it if you like bloody gory then it's for you !
i gave these sheets as a gift . they were horrible , got tons of little balls after the first wash .
i haven't been able to insert one into an appliance . i need more muscle . it's cheap . nothing to add now .
it didn't work for google chat for me . not sure why . could never login with my google credentials . major bummer .
it was not a complete loss , but it is slow moving , boring and some parts are annoyingly unbelievable .
did not fit my curtain too short
the moths are not attracted to this . we've only caught one moth in seven days . i've killed more with flyswatter .
ordered a piece suit and only got pieces . quality is poor . not worth the price . don't buy it .
came dried , too small to be . , saw a bigger container at the dollar store
was of no use after the third microwave . it was a waste of my money .
this gum tastes good at first but it has an 'interesting' tomato aftertaste that really lingers .
i think the watch looks cool but i sent it back because the display was too dim for me .
in my view , over hyped , makes me suspicious of the reviewsit's ordinary run of the mill stainless steel bottle
i bought the complete set but the handle , as seen on the image , was missing . i'm very dissapointed and sad
hi , no not like me , i get injured , and i will not buy again . bad bad bad see you later
the shirt i was sent had two holes in it , enough said . i think it was already worn before too .
el envi oacute no corresponde con las fotos me parece enga ntilde oso , el articulo enviado es un modelo mas antiguo al presentado
battery life sucks and the manufacture does not really care . did not help barking at all don't waste your money !
this cell phone is so quiet you can barely hear it . it is only good as a teething toy .
horrible . didnt work after days . not durable and porr interface
worst set of tools i ever bought . the bits didn't even fit in the screwdriver . do not buy this product !
i wanted to staple inch bamboo strips into pine boards , probably one out of four staples made it through
they are hard to keep on our son's feet .
i liked the book because i get bullied . but i don't get in trouble . i thought the book was funny .
after a week of use the one of the batteries stopped working not the best productonly one batterie working
there is no cd or download possible . you will have to retype it . misguided advertising . could be good otherwise
no content in database what does that even meanif i dounloaded the app shouldn't the data come with it
none of the batteries worked , i believe they were used . there was bit plastic on the packages . i feel cheated !
worked fine for a couple of weeks , now it's dead . i had to pay for the postage to return it .
runs a lot larger than other candyman purchases . would go size smaller on these for sure .
did not like it at all did not look like the picture would not buy any of these ever again .
best teri copely flick , but girl on cover of box is not teri copely , strange .
it won't let me do the walkthrough it stinks i just can't talk about it it sucks i hats it
i have to return the shoes . they are really cute but do not fit like i thought they would . sorry
the print on this rug is coming off . i'm not happy with the quality of this rug in the least .
very small for the cost next time i will read all the measurementsvery carefully next time ! looks a little cheap .
the size is not a men size , it is too small for a men size !
microscope does not work . i expected better from vivitar since they are a good brand of lenses . won't suggest this .
me enviaron el telefono malome rebajaron de la tarejeta otra cantidad por otro telefono y no lo enviaron estafadores
mobile processor is not so fast as expected and the battery life is very very poor . but features are good .
received two pair . cheap clamps to hold adjustment and it also grabs material so does not adjust smoothly . very unhappy .
packaging was opened taped shut . sodor inside the phone for speaker ringer broke right away and no longer works
wore it once and due to the material , it ran like a pair of stockings .
does not work
this product is for people who are almost blind , i could not get to focus so waste of my money
not what i thought
i thought this would work on my nutribullet . it will not . . to send it back . went into the trash .
this book is full of common places , the same garbage that you can find in other books but more expensive .
really doesn't work . maybe its my nail polish . but overall i did not like it and i was very disappointed .
only a point and shoot camera for the student or kids or grand parents that are not in to photography .
said it was free but you need to spend for the control for the game . really sucks really sucks
quality is good , very easy to get the ice out but . i got the same one at the local dollar store .
i bought these for my daughter they worked the first day then they did not . i hope she returns them .
mt grand children could not operate the game nor could i guess i am too analogue for some things sorry
don't liked at all
thermometer does work , but the little spot weld that holds on the hanging clip broke off on the first trip .
this product did not help my arthritis .
i bought two chargers in the last year and both are dead . transformer of very low quality
the product had parts missing and was totally unusable .
worked good for a few days , but then the case slipped and cut my ear off . coincidence ? i think not .
can't offer much in the way of a review as i have yet to receive my order .
okay , but didn't work out for my computer . the picture shown was not what i rec'd in the mail .
nook would not recognize this device , so it would not charge . had to purchase an actual nook charger from b n .
they are to big dosent fee on the phone , the back cover dosent close , in not happy with this product
buy a more expensive brand of compression bags they didn't work well , and i wound up tossing them out .
broken zipper already and they sent red instead of the black . i figured it to much trouble to send back
pc freezes aurora r alienware
i gave this book one star because it was very predictable . they meet and instantly are attracted to each other .
um well it filled up with water a little bit
the sd card cover constantly pops off and the pictures have become blurry . i would recommend a different model camera .
this product was much too large for my mini cooper . mini cooper premium fitted car cover with storage bag
does not snap together properly . took a long time to get here . cheaper was not better in this phone case .
you can get the pixie jar for only a dollar at shopmissa . comi feel like this is a total rip off .
not giving exact temp . each time it varies . not happy with this purchase . better to use the normal thermometer .
i didn't care for it , didn't see any difference than any other products i've used , just a waste of money
its not what it looks like online !
just activated phone , working great but no nfc capability as advertised ! i would return it but need the phone now .
fell apart after week . will never buy anything mukluk again . how many more times will say they suck bad
do not buy for the internet ! you must be able to change your settings on your router ! i was disapointed !
came in many flimsy pieces to be self assembled , which was tedious . then it didn't work . did not tune a single channel
to soft , ddoes not do the jobmon
i didn't like it did not stand up to my standards ripped real easy and wasn't satisfied with the product
that's like burning water . neither of the cables worked with ac chargers or with usb ports on my pc . avoid !
poor quality . no logical sequence . same closing credits used on many shows rather than true ending credits . waste of money .
seriously . yuck . and i even like goth alternative . the drummer is a narcissist and racist , too . don't support these ignorant people !
they keep falling off my irons they would have been alot nicer if they were elastic bands ok bamm
it does not stay on phone properlyits very stylish though . i thought it was two pieces but know i know
doesn't fit well . rubber sides aren't tight enough and doesn't offer much protection .
the chargers are cheap . both in price and quality . lets see how long they work .
chain was broken the paint falls of and it feels very cheap its lame and not very cool . dont get !
i don't think it is an interesting book , repeating many parts of the story e . g . black aprons . , a thin story
same situation as the other comment . ordered the count box , received a single pencil in a hilariously large box .
simple
i love the cowboys motif , but the case is cracking around the edges and falling apart . not happy with that .
cheap styrofoam that easily break . treat them with care or they will break . heavy weight and string is long enough .
i dont think these a real nikes they are knock offsi want my money back
game is just blah
don't waste your money on this product though it would be better charge last like mins and turns off
the encoder system is wrong for our recorder and i do not know what to do . can you help please ?
i made it about of the way through this book . tacky sex innuendo every other paragraph just gets very old !
it worked good the first few times i used it , but it is finicky to keep it stable .
not worth the pop ups and the virus' that try to attack your computer when installing . i do not recommend !
was not compatible with printer . returned .
so far , have sprouted . out of . i am impatient tho ! ii hasn't been long enuff to tell yet .
this starter worked well for a few weeks but now will not take a charge .
it doesn't have music like i thought it would . it is just info .
bugs in the program . commands in chinese when it glitches have to reboot , and sometimes does it again after reboot . otherwise fun
the story line had so many characters that were totally unrealistic and a conclusion that made the ending too contrived .
i bought this for a friend who gets headaches , and she stated that it never did anything for her headaches .
dated material makes one wonder if it has any value beyond this year . can do better with a simple internet search .
not very good broke after a few uses . company did not stand behind product at all very upsetting and dissapointing
i'm not a fan of these sheets . they have stayed super scratchy even after washing and drying with fabric softeners .
junk . broke after a week wires super thin and if twisted they lose connection
it's plastic not metal ! although it's cheap , however it says metal . but the product is cheap plastic . it's really useless
the hard plastics are weak and flimsy construction . they have a hard time holding the phone properly on your windshield .
wasted money on what could easily be renamed photographers' affirmations . contains no actual training or lessons , just contrite advice ! don't buy
i didn't liked it , it's very boring and more of the same from the first part daughter of fortune .
feels like sleeping on plastic ! dont buy it
what's all the hype about this album ? one good song , some good psychedelic melodies , and that is it folks .
bought a large n it didnt fit my basset corgi and hes pretty tiny . so sizes must run small .
seriously ? and i thought that music from the 's was without depth . all of these songs sound the same .
all this did was make continuous noise in the bathroom . the plug in from the grocery store was far superior .
my niece was using my kindle and loaded this game . she has fun with it but its not my level
returned the unit due to horrible port noise . i am not sure if it was a defective unit or poor design .
clasp on the watch broke within days of my son having this watch . cheap product
i expect a book that contains no useful additional info to be free , simple as that . free , free , free , free .
these were difficult to hold and did not grip the hair tightly . would not recommend to any of my friends .
it was too hard to get a tight grip on crab . i had to revert back to my trusty nutcracker .
nice seller unfortunantly product did not work sucks was so expencieve
this is falsely advertised . it actually is only a jack with solder terminals , nota female to female extension
online drm . terrible terrible choice by ea . it is a single player game . let us play it without being online !
item burnt out immediately and wouldn't work at all . i wouldn't get another one if they gave it to me .
dont waste your money this thing was cheap thats for sure so i guess you get what you pay for
masks does not fit well over my face and leaves an open ridge so that lots of light shines in .
to difficult
its ok with the exfoliating , but it smells awful , and it lingers on your skin after too . wouldn't buy again .
note what i was looking for . well , it will sit with the rest of my excess cables . well made thought .
very poor quality . plastic parts . chintzy plastic lock for rotary cutter was broken when received .
this camera worked for about days and then died . for i'd expect better
the glass was heavy and the stem was shorter than it looks . the glass overall is too small for me .
it is hard to control not many options for planes my year old sister says it sucksdon't buy this
it just didn't hit me where i was looking to be hit . i think i need a woman's perspective .
you guys should not purchased this keyboard due to the fact that it was not working when i received it .
very weak almost no bass , even when my player is eq'd to the highest bass level and lowest treble level .
cheap and doesn t work very well and hard to deal with and lousy buy . granddaughter . bought it by mistake . never again .
this writer gets a lot of mention for being a filth merchant . i bought this and found out yes a filth merchant !
took forever to charge . when i used it to charge my iphone it only charged it to about .
it's only good for one use . you cannot use it again and it's just a waste of money . don't bother .
smashed in box .
the kids konserve stainless steel mini food containers were too small to hold even ounces of dry tea leaves .
these are really gross . there's no such thing as a miracle noodle . they were messy , smelled gross , and really weird !
poor quality scanning . should be cents ! how can i get a refund ? should have purchased paper back .
they don't grow .
horrible case . when it is on i get no signal . i would not recommend this case to anyone at all .
nice pictures but no descriptions on what type of ducks they are .
it might as well be made out of cardboard and stickers , its not worth any kind of money or time .
on my xps this is slower for all devices , including a sataiii ssd , than plain old sata . very disappointing .
the size was like wearing at least an ! it was very plain for the type of skirt i w
much smaller than i expected . fit more like a baby g .
ruined a shirt trying to figure it out . needed directions .
worked ok , but drained the battery . i had to replace the battery every days .
ad states it premium fitted car cover . might be if i had a stretch lincoln and not a jaguar convertible
i was not impressed with the book . i was left with as many questions as when i started reading it .
tasty , but beware . very disappointing that the red tray is no longer included in the kit as of christmas time !
wont work on kindle fire . why do thay sell aps on a divise when it wont work more money wasted
as i write this , it is june . and i'm still waiting for this bumper sticker to deliver on its promises .
it don't work on the kindle . free for nothing . where is the game for kindle better . this is a waste don't download it .
i agree with the other review . we have burned out in a little over months .
the microphone is very bad , they never listen to me , when i speak . i feel deceived .
its a time waster game with no meaning as i seen of it i deleted it of my kindle fire .
this item was returned because it only had one track on it for the cost of an album . very dissapointed .
its junk . nothing like the sticker in the photo
very disappointed ! of the pops came broken and i am not able to return . wont buy it again
this item is fake and does not work . directions and manuals are in chinese and there is no help online .
this is for serious guitar players , not for just good old fashioned family fun . the kids did not like it .
the battery was no good when i received it , it was dead . will not order another battery from this site
this is a cute sun dress but only buy it if you are very tiny . had to return this one .
crap . water leaked out immediately after we took it out of the box and tried to work it . absolute trash
leaves little broken hairs , which turns to ingrown hairs , it's not good hair grows back faster in my opinion . goodluck
not a book for me .
this item did not fit my dell d . i have not recived my refund after sending back the item
there is no aux input like it says it should , that was very disappointing . other then that i love it .
looks like pond algesludge like consistencygross to look at and thick to drinkdid taste like apple juice
all were broken will not order glass agsin
steering randomly locks up . no sound effects except horribly irritating sound music loop . ai for other bikes ok . not great . . meh .
unfortunately , of the dvds were unreadable in all of my devices that play dvds , including my actual dvd player .
these pajamas are really cute and soft , but they run small . this is more like a or month .
this bag is less than on disneystore . com .
micro usb connector is not made well and feels sloppy going in . does not click like normal cable .
this book was very dry . still did not have a grasp of fascism when i was done
umbrella is of descent quality . clamp is garbage , didn't last minutes . cheap plastic parts fall apart in your hands .
it doesn't work on my tablet . every time i try to download a song it says that is not compatible .
the head phones only worked for a week . also it will not hold a charge long enough for a workout
don't waste your money
the movie was boring . found it boring and the people interviewed for comments did not appear to be the most intelligent
it's cheap in price and in quality . i do not think it is worth it .
would not order again not at all what i expected it to be not firm at all
it is very nice but the quality is really pure . i don't understand why they supply for on price . really
the worst app ever and i've seen bad apps but this one is hard and boring do not buy terrible
poor qualitystopped working after week of use . don't shop this item , buyer beware . purchased two , both items failed .
to hard to follow
the formatting error for kindle ipad rendered the self assessments unreadable and useless . i wish i could get a refund .
pos . right out of the box and it does not work !
did not like it
sent this to my mom in fl . squirrels have taken over her bird feeder . they enjoy the new spicy seed .
useful , but far more tolerant of far left zionists than those sometimes considered members of the far right .
this app doesn't work on kindle fire and samsung galaxy s . just crashes and goes back to main app screen .
nice jacket . cut far too small for an xxl be warned , if you purchase the jacket go up one size .
cord is too short and doesn't stay plugged into device i would not recommend this product to anyone . not great !
i think it should have a zipper on the side or something to at least put it up the knees !
this edition was full of typos . if i didn't have hard copy as well , some parts would have been incomprehensible .
this app is not a good app this app does not tell you of how to shoot the angry birds
i tried to download a powerpoint onto this and it didnt work at all . a waste of time and money .
car arrived in a broken state . my grand son was very disappointed . packing was very poor . but what can you do !
terrible , do not order !
does not work at all . i would suggest traps or something else because this is not the way to go .
save your money and buy a softball tee and a net .
how ironic that it's a light bulb heralding the news we have run out of good ideas . . . . .
very hard to get to some of the levels . you have to pay to get far . frustration level is a
i usually wear m size but this is way too be to be m . otherwise , it is kind of cute .
this item is garbage . . if is possible i want my money back . . and i can return the item . doesn't work .
the battery did not last very long before it died . while it worked , it had a lot of juice . a
do not buy this its a piece of junk . it does not work at all .
super cute and very comfortable . could be worn alone or under another sheer shirt . love this product , it matches everything !
not the greatest . it only showed like games that were free . and the explanations were weak and poorly written
i do not think much of this item . it seemed small and not well made at all . do not order .
carma what goes around comes around you theft . bring my money back to our hotel or i'll call the police
case too small . stand to short . hard to get the phone out of the holster to answer phone in time .
i don t recommand this cable at all , very very cheap quality and its junk
it was ok and really short . it could have been better . but i liked it a little bit . eh
not a notable effort ! not recommended . not worthy of further comment . a one star rating is far far too generous .
sucks did not fit mi phone i would not recomend to nobody thats what i have to say about it
it doesn't really fit the toilets we tried on and it pinched my daughter's leg . very disappointed with the product .
broke after using it twice and i lost the warranty so i just had to throw it out .
a man called noon poor audio and video quality thru out the video from the start . to the very end' .
i had the case less then a week and it broke already , i guess you get what you pay for
as stated above , was a disappointment . kept waiting for the movie to get better and it never did pick up .
i received this today . but the packet have no instructions . can anyone tell how to use this thanks .
was not compatible with the dell mini
i couldn't get into this book at all . it would only be interesting to a very select group of readers .
instead of charging my phone , it makes my battery level drop . i don't recommend this at all . i hate it .
couldn't , finish got boring after a while jim jones was no profit of god don , have six more words for it
gave it a try but had too much static and dropped calls . idea is great but product doesn't meet expectations .
too hard . it glowed but not soft enough . my daughter did not play more than first day . would not recommend .
ok , not a great character , weak time travel . the story was just sort of bland , never kept me very interested .
the face eyes were painted in a weird demonic way . i couldn't look at it . hopefully this was factory error .
two great stars , one poor story . a movie with ryan and kristin and bangkok would have to be good ! wrong !
they sent me something very different picture presented , i am very dissatisfied with the video card and sent not want .
this product as pictured was discontinued years ago . shelf life is only years . not something i'd recommend purchasing .
there was a malfunction on the amazon prime video site and that didn't make for us enjoying the movie either .
knockoff version of better motocross games . non responsive , not fun at all . dont bother with it all . waste of money .
this was a read for my book club and i didn't finish it yet . i think everyone should read it .
one star should tell you all . terrible cd . poor quality , songs are favourites but arrangements are medicore at best . very disappointed .
it broke after using maybe times for less than minutes at a time over a month period .
didn't work
terrible description , this shirt is actually blue not black . i ordered a size large and was sent child's size large
order two sets of three and only received one . i was upset to see my entire order was not fulfilled
not bad , not her best . having worked around , she really can take you into places . must be an interesting woman .
the unite gets to hot to the point that can not be handle .
got it in the mail , and my cf card wouldn't even fit into the slot . piece of crap ! dont' buy
this case also did not fit my phone . when i placed it on my phone , the screen was not enabled .
not as good as i remember her books being .
oblivion has a interesting digital quality , however the story line and screenplay are without redemption .
sorry , this just didn't hold my interest at all , barely got thru fourth chapter . not what i expected . very boring .
that was such a bait and switch . episodes is all we want ! ! instead , we got the cheesiest cliffhanger ever .
this stuff does not work don't waste your money on this product . didn't do not one thing for me .
this product does not work , my battery still does not hold charge . do not buy ! do not waste your time .
couldn't get the internet connection to work . sent it back . bought a different brand and it fit fine
we downloaded this thinking it's the game which was disappointing as they have theguides but not the game
the product was never delivered . we received confirmation , however , over a month later and no product .
falls apart does not really move just shakes what a waste of money
these were more plain than i thought they would be . just not cute at all .
failed after only mos use .
i don't see a difference in performance . my kindle fire is faster . the required eight more words , which is stupid .
broke in a week and wasnt even dropped . dont waste your money . i had such high hopes for this item .
when i received this items it was broke package envelope was crushed so not very happy with this shipment
these shoes sounded great , but the toes are very narrow and the leather stiff . i do not recommend these shoes .
i just didn't care for the feel of my skin during and after using the cleanser . delivery of product was good .
did not connect to base unit in my house . i think this may have had something to do with interference
so far i haven't been able to accomplish very much with this game and therefore , i loose interest and quit .
she did not find it simple to use , she found it too time comsuming , and it didn't hold her interest
does not install on kindle fire . i wanted to check it out but quess i wont be . one star for no install .
has consistency issues and varies with usage ie drawing vs writing . pressure sensitivity gradient is . uh like on or off
when i got these today , and removed them , they do not fold anywhere ! they say they fold but they don't !
pin too short for hitch and connection made cheaply couldn't even attach to my truck from holes bring mms off .
it only worked for about a weak
it wasn't all that good sorry
very slow and hard to use . what a waste of my money . should have purchase a different product .
it was crude boring uninteresting waste of time need i say more . save your time and money very short story
not made for use with windows i did not use this prog . norton much better . talk to there teck'
not so good compared to mother earth news , farm journal and other simular type reading .
label says cm . fully inflated it barely reached cmthere's your review . not much more to say about it . thanks
the fabrics is inferior , not the brand of my choice
expected pieces to be bar sized . molds are much smaller than i anticipated . . material seems to be very good quality .
just read the book . the series is slow , terrible acting by most involved , hokey story !
awful plot and unbelievable story line . very difficult to get through . hodge podge of ideas and themes . do not recommend .
why can they just delete my books ? why should i buy books if i don't even own them .
tastes horrible and does not taste any thing like it should taste like would not buy again . nasty tasting
i can visualise about being married to rachel hunter and inheriting gate's empire , but it ain't gonna happen .
good idea but did not work after install . waste of time and resources . i don't recommend this app . droid x
this did not work at all and my children were devastated . what a complete waste of money .
giant ripoff and you have to buy hints . don't waste your money . not buying anymore disney apps . very greedy company
it appeared to be of poor quality . of course you get what you pay for
item is short for an adult toothbrush . the head is angled from the handle unlike the display picture .
put your money elsewhere this product will not clean sand paper efficiently the block wears out quickly
like the t shirt but does not fit . will be returning . hopefully it will be easy to return . will try another time .
broke in a day really last me less than an hour terribly bad piece of junk don't waste your money
junk . quit working after a short time . getting ready to see how far i can throw this damn thing outside .
the quality is so bad . i think it cuz my ethernet port to malfunction cuz the signal is not stable .
does not fit tv tight enough . cheap plastic . lens cover works great to protect sensor lens from dust .
it's super tiny and cheap looking ! not at all like the picture . very disappointing . the gold paint is too shiny .
did not work at all .
there is no place to put ice to keep condiments cold . needs a inner tray like our others for ice .
love
haven't completed reading it yet .
this was not the color pictured . pastel actually and is already fading or wearing off . disappointed .
when they say foul mouth they sure mean it . the language adds nothing to the story . pages was enough
i have liked every rob zombie movie i have seen , this one was pretty nad though . definitely would not recommend .
great to keep at work
i thought this would be cool but it sucked . lasted less then a day , you cant see the screen !
a talented cast wasted in a crude and course film that is without much comic merit . don't bother to see .
just not my type of reading material ! did not want to even continue reading it after the first few pages .
purchased and the keyboard stopped working . it won't charge . not very happy with my purchase .
i paid for hd but got sd because my device is not compatible . sd quality and streaming was a nightmare
if you turned your phone off and let it charge . maybe . it didn't charge my device . droid bionicthanks anyway .
mature products falling
thses do not work . my signal got worse after putting it behind my battery . these are a rip off .
this broke ten min after opening the box . my grandson was very sad . i am sorry i purchased it . rick
didn't come with any of the screws ! just a bunch of useless pieces of metal !
i love this amazing story ! its very awsome that witch is so mean to try to kill snow white . so sad .
too much maintenance . not what i expected . i went back to using a single razor , it does a better job for sure .
i liked the movie because jonny depp is fun , but it was too bloody and too predictable for my taste .
didn't like it
not up to what i was expecting . maybe better for someone else but not for me . sorry . an old book
no good don , t waste your money ! i got more channels on a . set off rabbit ears junk
i followed the directions for a chilling period and planting instructions but i did not get germination . unclear why not .
doesn't work . started having problems after months . lot of cleaning but too much of mold and mildew accumalation
this battery would not take a charge , it was returned replaced with a usable battery from a different vendor .
i'm glad it was free . i would have been very disappointed if i had paid for it . no pictures , no measurements .
this is new age techno music mostly , not traditional pipa music . if that's what you like , ok , but i don't .
color does not come out as seashell pink , its actually pale yellow and makes your nails look discolored and sickly .
this item is not very comfortable and awkward to try to put on and wear . made of excellent fabric though .
i would like songs from the , and 's . don't know rap and songs from the 's and 's
not impressed at all . cracked with in the first weak of having it . outer part is very thin . not impressed
this product is not compatible with windows vista . this was a christmas gift that will be going back .
thought the book was about the retailer , hermes . it wasnt . it was mythology .
didnt look as good as the picture . plus it took way longer to get to my house than expected . misleading
not a fan of the show .
the seller got back to me right away , and said they couldn't fullfil order , the book was out of stock .
please spend the extra money and get a good one , this went on terribly , had streaks , on it ! dony buy !
a quick educational readit was not that compelling for mea a a a a a a a a
don't think it's funny seeing people limbs coming out on blood . game play is average , not excelente and not bad .
you just saved me the price of this book . nice work now i already know who dunnit .
it is not good
just another uninspired and original self help book that you can help yourself by not buying .
this movie was horrible . tom cruise must have needed the money . as well as morgan freeman . the cgi was terrible .
not compatible with macbook pro . diamond technical service is useless . apple blames diamond , diamond blames apple . diamond falsely claims apple compatibly .
this thing broke the first time i dropped it on a hard surface . i was very disapppointed with this purchase .
a hunger games esque story . simple read obviously a girl oriented ya fiction . not terrible offensive , just not very good .
when a normal mouse moves , the cursor moves in tandem . with this , sometimes the cursor tracks sometimes it does not .
i cant rate the cd because i havent received it yet , what is the problem ?
a born again religious thriller . definitely for the believers .
after a day of use , the shirt ripped at the seam of the sleeve , and i can no longer use .
no game instructions . what is zuma ? no fun not knowing how to play . all apps include a how to play .
pigment sized xxl
this product was tiny and too small for the kids to color . it was not worth the effort at all .
this is a good buy and it works well in my sony camcorder
poorly written , little details , little insight into trend forecasting . author simply restates a series of facts . really disappointing
i was expecting more of mint color . it's a little darker than i wanted . i would like to return it .
i received relief during the day from hot flashes but not during the night . only stayed on for a month .
ok but too salty . they should make a low sodium version . the spicy is better .
the knife is nice enough . however , the on the bottom is engraved in reverse . that earns this only star .
poor character development and shallow writing take a good plot and render it into a trite story . won't read another
watch was broken
very sweet with real life struggles people and where in the world can relate to . worth reading for young adults .
this is a very attractive book . however , half of the talk buttons did not work . back it went to amazon .
did not work . was not strong enough for a simple xmas wreath . waste of money . did not met my expectations .
cooldn't get into this at all . gave up after chapters .
this book is like x inches . i didn't realize what i bought . it is cute though , just wouldn't buy it again .
i have always used this product , but this time , where i placed it on my cat . his hair came out .
keyboard wasnt as i expected and not what i am used to . too many adjustments needed for finger placement . ego
can barely tell what the picture is representing because the quality is so poor . would not recommend to anyone ever .
just don't get this game . there doesn't seem to be a point and it gets boring very fast . already uninstalled .
poor quality plastic ear pads that shred with time and end up sticking in your hair or on your face
this product does not work ! don't buy it ! it does not work at all , don't waist your time or money !
waste of a money ! , does not work !
why didn't you make this work worldwide ? and what about pdf files , does it works with pdf ? no good !
it will not play on my cd player . i usually love vince gill , i think there is some defect in the cd .
would order from again and would recommend this to others for purchase . a great product to protect an expensive investment .
did not work with phone s .
does not hold good pictures not a good product .
this is a terrible book . it is a ver high level description of minimalism only . there is no practical advice .
i payed for this book but still have not received it . when will i get the book ?
the battery isn't holding like it should . it worked out for like days but now it's just a disappointment .
the aplication don't work properly . not even open . every time display a message about a busy condition of the system .
like of cds that madacy puts out , these are not the original hit recordings but crappy re recordings . stay away !
the book is full of lie about the chinese cultural evolution . i will put negative star if possible . shame , shame , shame !
i paid for this product . they should have made this better . dont buy it , waste your money !
doesn't work and is virused . stupid and idiotic . amazon should remove this app . very stupid i hate this app so much .
i have a newer version of droid maxx hd . this was the old version . have to have better description .
was on the phone didn't read the title well thought it was something elsesix five four three two one
way too big had to return it .
i spent dollars trying to download . i love this game but i cant play it if it wont download .
we already own the first two seasons and are looking ahead to viewing this third season as well . thank you .
merchandise did not work and cannot be bothered to return it . after waiting so long for it , it was defective .
i did't like the content or the way it was presented . very superficial . not good for scholars .
if you want it on macbook pro make sure you have windows , windows vista , or windows xp
product was not up to even kmart quality . i donated to goodwill . this product would not be a suggested purchase
the car charger does not charge at all and the case broke after one week of use .
be careful ! don't buy this dvr . i order it and it was damage , there is full of scratches in it .
great fit
i make a point of reading a book to the finish . just could not do it with this book .
very flimsy material but it fits just the same . can look very unattractive for curvy women .
nice beginners origami , but not quite enough projects . needs to have at least twice as many projects , for the money .
the neck was feels like a turtleneck ! returned and got a nike which has a better feeling neckline for me .
i don't know how people try to justify this piece of crap , which is extremely boring ! really , really boring ! boring
i love the madea movies . i've watch all that are out . this one was just not that interesting . or funny .
did not , protect my phone when dropped only feet . now my phone shuts off constantly and over heats . not impressed
very cheap material . it broke as soon as i used it . thank god it didn't cost me that much . complete disappointment !
the headphone input did not work , and using the low level signal my bass sound was really bad and late !
i live it it tells me a lot about there life and culture but i really like ravens the most !
its what you would expect for . made of cheap plastic . no cutout for the power button . doesn't sit flush .
i really enjoyed this for the two weeks that it worked . but then it just stopped holding any juice yup .
i wasn't expecting much as cheap as this was , but this didn't work at all right out of the package .
i use the eyebrow pencil shown in picture . but what they send is not the item you expect . don't buy .
just different names . find an original idea then write something of your own ! don't waste your money on this one !
i can't get it to work on my kindle . every time i try to install , it incurs a problem . tipoff !
this case has no screen protector , and comes only in a plain plastic bag . no otterbox packaging or paperwork . something's fishy .
the least informative dvd on skeet shooting i have ever viewed . almost as boring as todd bender's dvds .
poor quality , it was photocopied . very dissatisfied . threw it away as soon as we saw how bad the poster looked
don't hate it , but quit halfway . got myself other of his stuffandit's very good . forget gregmandel and concentrate on the trilogies .
it is the worst product the blue tooth always doesn't work , don't buy this mouse . never buy razer product anymore
did not work at all , what a waste of money . and the taste is horrid ! never buying this product again
i got these and they worked for about a week and then just stopped charging all together the next week .
come on , this has to be a little fun , but is it ? i agree it does not work at all .
birds could still build their nests in them
the boxer briefs are fitting well , but are mede of a very thick and bulcky fabrick
it don't work !
i had high expectation from the beginning . gave it a chance , but the script went nowhere . watch iron's other flicks .
didn't order this book and never would . don't know how it got on my list . looks like nothing but smutt .
when i recive this product , this product was bad , i won't nuy this product never , the price says all bad
all screen protectors ripped as i was taking off the first layer . horrible ! i want a refund . do not buy !
not enough amp
totally different from the website picture . if feels bad and it pattern is awful . i really don't like it . really
the title says it all . it looks like someone just found an extremely pixelated google image an blew it up
too salty
i bought an xxl and this is so small that i gave it to someone that wears a small .
the software that comes with this device is not mac friendly . caused several crashes . would not recommend for imac users .
these were nice bulbs , but one burned out within a week , so i will be trying another brand next time .
did a poor job of holding tear together
for a ww width , i was surprised it was too tight and narrow in the toe box .
i love jennie , but this book was so vague , i don't know why she bothered writing it . what a bummer .
these cartridges were dry and would not print . i had to toss them and buy new ones from wal mart .
looks nice off but crushes side of foot by little toe when on . detail is nice and finish is good
this book is basically just a dictionary of the names and their meanings of the angels , i would not recommend
the suspension part had a broken tab , so could not attach to hat . seems very cheap and flimsy . returned it .
not at all conducive for the samsung galaxy
need better instructions to make keyboard work with tablet . cover looks good and protects well without keyboard . again better instructions
this case will turn your kindle black . the dye rubs onto the face do not buy this case
looks pretty in the box , but within days of wearing , my stomach was green , and my piercing was infected .
the cart is a good height , it collapses ok for storage , but it is very wobbly with clothes in it .
use it for a week and stop working bought anotherone and didn't even last a whole week
does not wok with ipad or iphone . don't waste your money . you get what you pay for . buy something else .
a bit lightweight for the price i was expecting better . . seems impossible to find a good cashmere sweater
didnt do the job at all it was so tight , in the first place , and you kept sending it to
i thougth those pillows were more coolest . maybe you have another pillows that i like more . a coolest ones ! any way thank you .
this dvd was horrible . old , unattractive people . worst thing i've spent my money on in a long time .
terrible this product the material separated and it scratches my ipad from the sides i regret purchasing this item bad
old news . i was not very impressed . i would not recommend this documentary .
crashes constantly !
i thought this might help , but it makes my tongue numb . it seems like the pills work better for me .
go to the dollar store and find something better . this is very small , not worth it if you ask me .
cat behavior is kneaded not kneeded unless is suppose o some kind of play on spelling . which would be aggravating .
blue ray is so lame . no matter whats done with it . i pefer standard dvds better . blue ray is more prone to breaking .
bottom half is still on the phone , but the top half no longer stays on . would appreciate a new one .
my fault for making the purchase , but this is a lot of money for a damn small toy . general bummer .
did not like the grandkids had trouble b or trying to figure , it out . just was not what we wanted
it was very bland , would not buy again . was not worth the price . what else is there to say ?
worked for first used , once unplugged it stooped workingprosnone terrible productconsdoes not worknot compatibledo not buy !
worked well for a year but would not turn on after that . do not buy it , poor poor poor quality .
cost is too expensive . if i had it to do over , i would not have bought it .
new battery would not accept charge and did not easily install or deinstall . total disappointment .
phone doesn't hold a charge . used it for days . waste of money .
it's okay
the sound on this mono headphones are beyond horrible . i couldn't hear anything . everything sounded muffled and distorted . i threw it away .
iron does not heat up only warm . not really good for craft projects . do not like it ! thank you
one of the small grommets fell out of the bottom of the wallet after two days . not worth the money .
although my son really liked these slippers , they immediately fell apart at the seams within ten minutes of wearing them .
used for olive oil . the seal failed rather quickly . i wouldn't use for vegetable oil of any kind
hello kitty is oveerpriced junk . so much hype over brand name . will not purchase this type of merchandise ever again
i bought two pairs and both lenses broke at the bridge after one wearing . like the glasses but poor contruction .
it looks like this is a burned copy . not a brand new dvd ? i am very disappointed with this order .
don't know how this is , as it was purchased as a gift for someone else . thank you once again . marilyn
it did not work on my droid x . it does not show up in language and keyboard settings at all .
very expensive for a stuffed animal that doesn't do anything like rattle , sing etc . it's very soft that's about it .
a welded piece broke on the second use . i'll try to exchange it , give it a second try .
okay . plan on returning it . it doesn't work as well as described and feels a bit greasy . smells good though !
cheap
this is a piece of crap tv died after yrs like everyone else and sony doesnt give a dam .
it sucks i would not recommend any one to purchase this piece of item . it was a waste of my money
i ordered the winter fleece . what they sent is not fleece at all . very thin material . not what i expected .
cuts into eyesocket on both eyes . leaves deep grooves around eyes . choice is pain or seal out water . can i return it ?
does not work on my kindle useless . got too play maybe twice .
that's right . don't waste your time and money , like i did . poor support and service . i will never use pogoplug again !
love the title poem . not so much the rest . brave try . but this author's no cat . try dogs next time .
the phone is so hard to hang up it won't stay shutdon't wast you money on this !
the scent of the deodorant has changed and it is not as good . also of the were bad
didn't help me at all , l it was a waste of my money and time wouldn't recommend this to no one .
bad , this product was a lie . how are people losing weight when it does not work . someone tell me this
it only worked once and now i'm not sure it even worked then . cheaply made , not good at all . junk .
product isn't durable . made of very cheap material and rips easily . do not buy this product , spend your money elsewhere .
needs survival and servers need rules . glitches alot . don't buy people do sex on servers ! i'm telling you , don't buy !
samsung galaxy tab data cable charging usb to pin ecc dp ubegsta . it works shipped in good time . thanks you
advertised atwood paracord , that is not what i recieved . i recieved a cheap knock off . buy at your own risk .
i had hope the skin would be a tighter fit , it keeps needing to be adjusting on the skin part
the cable is already giving out .
very stiff curtains and didn't fit my window so i decided to return . also the color is not the greatest .
i bought the trilogy and what a waste of money . i cannot believe this book sold millions of copies . terrible .
crashes ! why does amazon have this in the library if it doesn't work ? my oanda ipad app works very well .
i didn't think there was much to the story . i sure would like to have seen a more dramatic ending .
ii like the stone but the wire broke in two days of use . wasted my money it was cheap .
seems ok for the price . could be alot better when it comes to sound . cheap so it's worth a try .
frame size is x but image area is much smaller , very disappointing and unable to return easily if at all
avoid this product as much a possible . files will not be read and drivers wont be found . cheap knock off .
i found the book to be very religious and masculine and found it hard to continue .
not rubberized . it's plastic . you really need to have accurate descriptions . was very disappointed when it arrived . would not recommend .
lameeee ! lame . lame lame lame lame lame . lame . lame lame lame lame . lame . lame lame lame lame aknsa plea lmaea lame lame lame lame
realize is spelled incorrectly ! was it meant to be that way ? i probably would not buy it that way . how about you ?
lines that were looking better with another similar product have now returned within wks . won't purchase again next time
i purchased this product on and today is i still have not received this product !
this game i did not care . it's not users friendly for people over year old . good thing it free .
bought two sets and one failed within two days .
they were too long . you can trip over them . if they were to be altered they lose the design .
it needs to be smooth vains are not nice ! it just a decoration or you can beat up an intruder !
received kohler k round front toilet seat in black used and dirty , covered with splashes . i'm speechless , can't believe that happened !
same ole , same ole . if that's what you love about the band , then you'll like this . i didn't . enough said .
they were not comfortable . i ordered them with the kinvara , which i loved and these just didn't fit right .
usually her books are very good but this one was fair . disappointed in this book . not up to par . ok
cover broke off within days of purchase . brush ineffective i use my finger . not sure it makes a difference .
i saw this advertised on oprah and decided to try it . rather ordinary results and i felt i wasted my money .
the case looks nice but neither the rubber nor the plastic peiece will stay on well . not a good product .
stopped working after two weeks because it got water in it and was not submerged . i wouldn't recommend this product .
save your money , spend more , buy a nicer case . this thing isn't worth the free shipping , honestly , it arrived defective .
just inserted my ipad and one of the edges is broken . poor quality sealing . cover gets lint and stains easily
would be a great product if the user manual setup instructions actually matched the button activation . thumbs down on useability .
orderd bulbs after weeks , one bulb already had to be replaced . quality appears to be questionable at best .
did nothing to my hair . waste of money . was hoping it would take to my hair but it didn't
this filter cone holes and coffee drips too fast and spills everywhere so you get weak coffee and a mess
i just wish she stops talking about her mother . we get it she hates her . enough already
it not what it is made out to be more less a box with a filter and fan
will not pair with my ipad air . will be returning . the keyboard is also made of a cheap plastic . do not recommend .
nice color but it's very sticky and thick . my hair gets stuck on my lips when i'm wearing it . yuck
this equipment doesn't work at all i'm very sorry i purchased . i got robbed agian by amazon .
this item i am returning it burns before it is done and they are nothing like a churro at all
i odered this mat and the picture showed them as white . the ones i received were red .
i did not know what to do to rectify the problem . i have yet to get that particular printer started .
rude and disgusting ! thinking anoint all the children who see this . completely uncalled for . don't get this stupid little product .
i was disappointed , really . i ordered the full sized trade cloth cover edition . you sent me the pocket sized trade paperback edition .
these were way to small on my calves . they are nice for the price but the fit was disappointing
i am not happy with the now whey protein . it does not mix well at all . i would not recommend this product
not genuine with me in the other place to buy is not the same
its really not worth paying . for . or even much more than you would pay for a normal calender
got to use it for a couple of days before the wire within the unit seperated . made in china , duh .
did not fit wellnot the best qualityi would not recommend this product to otherscase was very rigid , not very ruberized
doesn't include all homes , hard to use , doesn't seem to update . wish there was a better option for kindle fire
dont see any major improvement . possibly need to use longer . very expensive but would be worth it if it works .
this movie was bought used and as soon as we opened it we knew it was scratched . it never played
you get what you pay for . lesson learned ! horrible experience . batteries are old . they have a shelf life . terrible service .
did not load properly on kindle fire . letter buttons did not respond no submit button . could not play the game .
don't buy this ! i had it less than hours i dropped it and it shattered my screen ! complete garbage !
this charm came nowhere near fitting my pandora bracelet . if it wasn't such a hassle , i would have returned it .
my children play with my kindle and sometimes down load these games i have no ideal what it is like
did not do what it said
the charger would not charge the battery after the second time i used it . it was a waste of money .
lots of cute animal pictures , but not what i had expected . how do i get it off my kindle now ?
the only reason that i don't like it is because it's not what i thought it was going to be .
never worked from when i got them . crackling noise in the right headphone . cable at the jack had signs of abuse .
one of the pins is broken off , it just can read cf card below g . useless for g cf card .
i didn't care for these paper towels . love the regular viva .
it looked like what i needed but was not as really pictured and i want to return for correct ones
water just poured out of nozzle and didn't work at all . waste of money . shouldn't even be selling these anywhere , end .
came broken , . went into the trash .
item had holes in the metal and the doors are mounted sloppy cant open doors without a screw driver !
looks nice , but there was no benefit during the use of the bracelet . returned product after a couple of uses .
i was surprised that there were so many spelling errors . i didn't realize books were printed without some proof reading .
i did not buy this book , therefore have no idea if it is good or bad . that is my review .
i think mostly i didn't like it but it seemed like more because i went on about it .
i think my title says its all . they do not block out anything . i wasted my money !
generally works . too small for hand . no wmc control or very weak . email calls up outlook . so limited in functionality .
the size measerments were way to small even your imch table was completely off maybe by like sizes .
dead on arrival . sucks . its clunky and came broken . its way larger than i expected and changing inputs is not smooth .
one word , boring . this is the worst cookbook i've looked at in a while . ugh . an utter waste of time .
marketed as a ludlum not even close ill read the fine print more carefully next time . bring back jason bourne
good special effectsok story lineacting sub parwatched it all the way through would not watch it again
so easy to be broken during shoveling . personally , i don't recommend it in an area where it snowing a lot
cheap product . torn really fast
the display failed to come on and the product overheated the first time plugged in .
worst quality earphones i used ever . poor sound quality and poor material . definitely not an apple product . total waste of money .
purchased to treat toenail fungus . found vinegar solution worked better . dr . g's clear nail antifungal treatment , . ounce bottles pack of
i ordered a xxl and it was more like a medium , fabric has no give what so ever . very disappointed
this is kinda lame , boring and not interesting . i really expected more i love monopoly , but not this . version word .
too short
ehhhhh it was different lol but it was pointless was more of an annoyance than anything else . wouldnt recommend this
i got this heat gun in june and after th uses it quit working and smoke came out of it .
does not do what it promised . company wouldn't take back . does not highlight hair or give look of texture . sucks !
need better size range couldn't find a size to fit my thumbs . all were too small . ordered a different brand .
the case , two pens and letter opener are very cheap looking . the case is extremely flimsy . i regret the purchase .
very poor specimen , mostly matrix with a bit of dirty agate in it . shouldn't be sending this stuff around
as describes , wireless distance is m but really m working distance . some function is not available .
didn't work ! wouldn't even give it one star but i had to to post . would not buy this product again
and i mean awful .
i didn t receive the item , so i cannot review it . however , teh movie wasn't too bad .
i waited a month to get it . and it don't even fit the phone . i wouldn't recommend this one .
wore it once before the clasp broke . super cute but super cheap .
this product used a name to entice sell , the product is not worth the value of the cost .
do not use this product ! cause burns on my dog's retinas . bad product . keep your pet safe
i thought it would be more heavy duty . it is basically all plastic and lightweight .
its ok but more more like egg crate foam than memory foam . shoulda got some high density memory foam instead .
didnt fit and no one bothered to contact me to get my money back after i had sent multiple messages !
no mint flavor even box is marked as flavored sticks . i guess chinese companies geting smarter than americans to save money .
nothing special the writing quality is not great , and it seems like the writing struggles to make the content interesting .
this is basically a rehash of the docs that come with quartz . not worth the money .
blade is decent , compass does not work . good enough knife to use but nothing you will care if you lose .
i just can't get into quirky weird and strange movies you might like it just not my cup of tea .
hikari daphnia is all my betta eats after trying multiple brands and food types . he just spat this out .
it started rusting one day out of the box but other then that its a pretty nice little knife
it sounded so sorry by other reviewer's that i didnt even bother to try this lame product !
uchida plays well as usual , but not the most melodic or interesting of schumann's overall wonderful output .
don't work in just two weeks . completely wasting money and time ! just bought second generation , maybe it will be better ?
this product dies not work on my kindle fire at all it wont open and has crashed my kindle twice .
this boring waste of film and time does not deserve a review .
convoluted story . hard to follow . boring . implausible . ponderous . no more kellerman for me .
these do not work at all . they do not stay on my dogs feet . they need to velcro higher . not happy
not what i needed . very little information to really get me started . would be nice to actually see some embroidery .
awful ! i did not like the quality of the material . it did not fit the phone very well . poor quality .
not great insight into the man that mantle was . a fan writing about his fave player . needs more historical info thanks
bought this for my teenage grandaughter , and according to her it only worked well for a few months . glad they discontinued it .
the scariness to each author is subjective . barely any of these stories would of ever scared me .
very time consuming with no results , we used this product consistently , but after two weeks , discontinued using this product
it was chipped on the edge so therefore it didnt work and therefore i got my mony back thank you
it did not work on my bathtub and i still had to use chemical drain cleaner . i am very disappointed .
gps is junk will be trashing it
i like that they were cheap , but you get what you pay for . they broke within hours of receiving them .
doesn't fit my gal ridgid shop vac ! it's to big , found a use for it in my koi pond .
it was ok given the price , but one of the ear pieces broke within a day of my using it .
ordered this for moto rival , got screen protector for a different phone . only a buck , but still .
bible lord of the rings time traveler's wife twilight stupid
i bought this about weeks ago , the case looked worn very quickly and has already broken .
cannot change to celsius scale
received the item , worked absolutely perfectly . weeks of perfectly rolled cigarettes . too bad the hinge is weak and it snapped .
cheap headphones , works for a little bit and then after a while stops . you can never really hear very clearly .
this bluetooth earpiece works fine , but is not the most confortable headset to wear . the sound quality is very good .
doesn't work for me .
it doesn't work . very disappointed . i wanted this cord for the vehicle charger but it won't charge my iphone
these ink cartridges do not work , spend a few extra bucks and get the epson cartridges .
tiny cheap plastic lamp . i returned this product
it will take a long time to fnish this book because one can only stay skewed for just so long .
the flowers almost insanely fell of , very bad quality
does not always charge . poor quality . you get what you pay for . i would not recommend this product for purchase .
did not like this gate . it was flimsy , and i couldn't get it to work at all . would not recommend .
we have cats and only would eat these . had some old ones by that they would fight over .
nothing special . like a movie where you can predict every next seen . no wonder it was free for prime customers .
the charger slot is too small . i have to take it off every time so i can charge my phone
the crimper would not crimp my daughter's hair , it seemed like the styler would not get hot enough .
this is stuck in the frigging cloud and won't download to my kindle ! what crap this stupid cloud thingy is .
spend what i though was a lot of money , but stridex pads at walmart are just as effective and cheaper
out of all the seeds , only came up .
lower your expectations ! alas , this ap is just the barest basics . it could and should have been so much more .
this works well on the kindle fire , however , after a round or two , this game really didn't hold my interest .
the bra was very uncomfortable itchy and stiff . it felt cheaply made and i didn't like it at all .
can't believe this is not part of the package when you purchase a kindle fire hd . it's also expensive .
boring . nothing to it ! should be free . just boring no zip nothing worth writing about . do not buy this game
do not waste your money on this . it emits a weak sound and my dog does not even notice it .
what is the size of this item ? what is the size of this item ? what is the size of this item ?
its junk when i try to use the key in my car it does not stay together like it should
not that exciting
product arrived in bad shape and the bag was opan . i'm not sure if i can make tea with this
i never got it . terrible , so upsetgotta waste money now on a new one . i want my money back
you can't get upgrades and the game crashes when you press the upgrade button . awesome strategy game just can't upgrade .
kirk douglas' performance is probably the only worthwile thing in this boring , predictable , and unfunny comedy .
it is a very nice book , but incomplete , so i did nt find the answers that i was looking for .
item returned
i could never get this game to load . ever .
not good
one fan wore out after about months of use and started to make a loud vibrating noise . very annoying .
size deceiving , ordered light w got g light . bad deal all around . don't buy .
i loved this . the words are believable and the story doesn't slow for an instant . i will read more ellend
this product looks nice in the website but is a really cheap material , easy breakable , and not usefull , not recomended
not a fan . this is clear with a pink tint . i don't like the shiny finish . gets dirty quite easily .
no ethernet portno huge collection of appwhy bother ? please dont tell me wireless is better than ethernet connection , lol .
the one i received wasnt made too well . the little clock fell off after uses . it's nothing special .
not very useful ! other books out there are more informative and useful . stick with the diabetes for dummies . not the cookbook !
did not seem to do anything for me . no reduction in muscle spasms , was easy to consumer and tasted good
the book is in great shape , but the depth of content for the price is way out of line .
this book was not very helpful for actually designing a vastu correct home . i was very disappointed .
the product was received dried up . i will just continue to buy this product in the store .
clearly , only stoners would appreciate the bright colors and dialog . this movie was absolutely horrible . michael cera has done better .
these needles are unusable . very dull edge . won't even go through thin leather . waste of money . dont waste your money on these .
piece of junk . poor range . could get only one of my three laptops to connect . returned it .
very good app , bought it for my wife she loves it , plays it a lot . she has a kindle fire .
sucks . dosen't protect anything . useless piece of plastic . thought it would be a hard plastic . no just soft and junk .
some worked some didn't . i eventually just threw out my printer because really that's the issue . kodak printers are horrible
even inches away from the modem , the connection was very poor .
bought this because i installed windows , but found this mouse very hard to use and not very touch oriented .
they sent me . design is not like the goodsbecouse i'm out saide uswhy why why why why why
it dosnt fit my galaxy s i have one for my s and it is great . the bottens do not fit
to confusing and difficult to figure out . deleted it from device after several attempts at trying to play it . done !
these are stiff and not comfortable , i sent them back . thank you , the size was fine , color great , bad leather .
don't work . do not recommend this item . waste of money . bought new solar lights with new batteries instead of this item
very scratchy , very painful . butter did not help much . worse still , tiny crannies catch and yank hairs . would not recommend .
i received these supplement package yesterday . warning ! do not buy these pills they expire ! ! !
wrap turns pink after it gets wet . my budies gave me hell over the fact its pink . pink pink pink
really sophomoric . most jokes were marginally funny . the voices are just straight out of family guy . dont waste your time .
it didn't give me any information that i didn't already know . and i cant get candy crush on my kindle .
news feed loads very slow , video's wont load at all and have to force stop to back out . horrible app
go buy this at your cheap super market , whether it be king soopers , city market , ralphs etc . it's cheaper bar
the ears weren't the same size , the bell didn't tie on properly . the headband hurts the sides of my head .
i was sent the paperback edition twice ! i wanted the hardback and thought i ordered it . very disappointing .
i wish i could say something about the sneakers that i order for my son , but i never got them !
the image is blurry and pixelated and the case actually does not fit my iphone s
didn't trust this would filter with same efficiency . vacumn is expensive and decided not to chance it . sent it back .
this is the first time i did not get a product , can you see what happened ?
how did this one get selected as a finalist . my year old brother could do something better !
there was no smell what so ever not so sure i would but this again unless they fixed the problem
my screen protectors were all bent therefore extremely impossible to place on ipad without any bubbles . way too difficult ! smh
i waiting this product week and don't working . i am very angry i have hope that only mine don't working
barely fit on the player , let alone came off easily . it was very cheaply made too .
the cd i ordered did not play some of the songs . i contacted the seller and the problem was resolved .
not variety in these . too many decafs and duplicates . not enough regular coffee . choose another variety pack , not this one .
starts out promising , but leaves you hanging as the book just stops and invites you to buy the remaining chapters .
i can't get the adaptor to fit in the slot ! anyone else have any answers ? trendnet gigabit pci adapter card teg pcitxr
three tops missing out of box , returned but can't be exchanged which is disappointing .
this is a cute batman , but the material is bad , smell not good . i don't wanna use it at all !
i never finished watching it , i guess i watched about hour , and it did not interest me at all .
played it on an ipad , but the sound quality was so poor i turned it off . too bad , good story .
another fine example of a company bending over their paying customers , and they wonder why pirating is so prevalent .
it hit my gas tank
didn't fit right . i'm going to send it back
have been taking this product for months haven't seen any changes in weight or inches
this song is just not my cup of tea . sounds a little bit like bad 's mixed with napoleon dynamite .
nice app but no bottom row of letters on the kindle fire . needs a fix so puzzles can be solved !
flappy bird came out first and you sewed ? them ! flappy bird is betteri mean way better poor gears is in jail !
great product but you can get it much cheaper elsewhere .
the watch is broke
all three of these items were useless . they were not new . they were filthy and warped . will not buy again .
had mold the inside .
rarely never finish a book , but after chapters i gave up on this . very difficult to follow and dark .
when i opened my lids , but my box was missing some . i need to call and get my money back .
nothing new inthe story . no fantasy , just a few sentencies . jane is muchbetter and shorter . no use for this book . sorry
i was using this item on not even hard ice cream and the shaft separated from the scoop .
cannot go by sneaker size . these run smaller . order larger size mens sneaker equals modi flip flop croc .
not worth it ! i think i would have been better or using cling film . not at all what i expected .
terrible horrible bad polo peps hatsdon't get it ok don't get it don't get it ok it froze on me
expected more . acting , effects , and plot were really bad ! wouldn't recommend it if it were free , lots of plot holes .
well the online server is going down next year and the idiots never offered lan support .
i really liked ths game . i like how i didn't have to pay anything for it the whole game through .
ink flow not impressive . materials not impressive . i prefer the g or signo pens much more . that's all i have to say .
check the website of the seller . the item number is on visiondecor website . they are listed as vinyl .
it was listed as new but really looked to be used also it did not contain the video access card .
no scent !
very disappointing . wouldn't work at all . very unhappy with this product . didn't event get offered a replacement .
did not fit the phone . had to buy another case to fit . threw it out . would not buy it again ,
terrible movie
hasn't done a thing that is says it is suppose to . save your money especially since it costs for much .
horrible , horrible , horrible . do not bother reading this book , it's poorly written and the subject matter is offensive . skip it .
there is the hole to put the treats in but the hole is so big that they fall back out !
peeled off in days . i completely cleaned the phone and applied it just as instructed . still peeled right off
way too small , nothing at all like what they show in the picture . dont waste your money , go somewhere else
this book degrades the islamic religion . it makes muslim's look bad , in the eyes of the people . .
this is not a real game , an advertizement with a bunch of really lame mini games . deleted it right away .
it gets a one star rating because it has no cord with it to plug it in ! kinda stupid folks .
doesn't come to my community yet , therefore not on the tablet phone . i am sure it is nice to have . done .
hall was supposed to send me six i only got three , i have kids and hall gave me three
all too traditional . in fact , not very musical . sing and sing and sing and sing and tin whistle , and whistle .
this is one stupid game . i downloaded it by mistake and even thoughit was free , it's still a stupid game !
i could not get this game on my kindel
just twisted silly fun meant to shock you into sobriety ! foul language and so unbelievable it has to be true .
this looks like a great product , but it doesn't work . it lets water leak in . not worth the money .
terrible
i will not buy this ! i tried to look at the sizing chart . it is giving me only shoe sizes . too bad .
the first few songs on one of the cd's has some extra noise , but then it sounds fine after that .
two holes , three cracks , and one large chunk of wood broken off the leg . very cheap quality . sending it back
the sim eject tool and the user manual were missing ! therefore , i shipped it back .
does not work well
it has beautiful photos , but no text . confused by title since it says bedtime stories . still children always enjoy horses .
you can do better with a military manual , thats what the military does and those books are to the point !
my friend bought it last week and didn't like the product . poor poor workmanship . definitely will not recommend to other people
very poor quality . there were bumps bubbles in the plastic not fit to be used on my projects .
not liked the material , and too small
doesn't do a thing for me
did not work with my mini laptop even though it was listed on the description as compatible with my unit .
one of the fans works great the other one is out of balance and rattles when i turn it on .
this choker was waaaay too big ! even though it's one size fits all , it did not fit like a choker !
really bad tones . did not expect much and did not get much . will not try another cheap hearing aid device
don't really need to say anything , but if you haven't seen enough for yourself , why not give it a read .
i love the game and really wanted one , but the game i got was internally bent and stops working randomly .
i was so excited to try these until both pads exploded in the microwave before first use . very disappointed ! returning .
this book was not at all enticing . i could not find or even want to try some of the ingredients .
the stylus were just okay . think i one top has already worn down , but the pen part is not great .
very good soup which target sells for . less when on sale be sure not to pay more for no valid reason !
this was a waiste of money . no drivers exist for a modern os but it is to cheap to return .
i did not have these a year and already rusting out
if you want to hang your slacks upside down , they slide off of the hanger unless the slacks have cuffs .
it's cute , not quite accurate since it is from a man's standpoint . not what i expected from dan brown .
work for two hours shit down in the middle of said up
lost the satellite signal about every fifteen minutes . i then had to stop so it could acquire satellite signal again .
i received my shades with long white scratch on the frame . they look good but the scratch is bugging me
this is a lousy product . don't buy it . chamois underwear doesn't sit on my butt . poor design .
these felt nice when i got them , but the heels wore out almost immediately . definitely not worth paying for again .
looks cheap which it was . so you get what you pay for . i will be looking for something else soon .
no . just no .
fake . not real , and they know it . they are trying to make you think they are diamonds , but they are cz .
if you are a dummy ok then get this app i am only . ten and i know what is wack
didn't work any better than grease lightning cleaner . was looking for something to remove nicotine smoke off from walls and appliances
my son was really disappointed for halloween . photos made this look like a helmet but its just a cheap mask .
this book is useless . common necessary greetings , counting , etc are left out . bad bad bad . can't imagine a worse book .
when i started the program it locked up and would not function on my motorola droid . uninstalled it right after
works adiquately but need tweeking to stay snug . upper right ear of back did not fit snug against phone body .
i hate this show . the character is non stop annoying .
i have a bigel , she tore the toy in half the first time she played with it ! i was very dissapointed !
couldn't finish this book . too dark and way too much violence in the sex scenes . need more romance than that .
one star because the unit did not fit the rosen unit i purchased . it was returned for a full refund .
not good for older child .
alot smaller than i thought
got hot watching a movie and the screen cracked . daughter was so disappointed . but we did get our money back
it did not fit properly . the fitting did not click together to give proper fit and the case split .
it has lost its vigor . repetitive and unfocused
too big bulky , magnet not strong enough . maybe ok for office worker . do not recommend your buying this item .
one of the discs is half bank . make sure you view right away or you could get ripped off .
product did not work . looks like it is charging but does not actually charge .
tiny . and doesn't work like it says it will . not worth the purchase .
came missing nuts and bolts
not much happens , not scary , and the twist ending is silly .
very short and really no story . the first in the series was so much more interesting . very disappointed .
those capri for a size are little small but able to wear them .
within a day of having this squishy bun the chocolate had fallen off the side and the face ! very disappointed !
don't bother . facebook in browser is easier to use . not a good app for fb at all . keep on browsing
the switcher broke after about months of owning it . however , it did work pretty good while it lasted though
battery connection flawed connection design , threw it away . battery life never good when did manage to charge it . big mistake .
they we're suggest when i brought my printer and they were the wrong ones . a big disappointment won't order again .
i couldn't take the product because i can't take vitamin k , and i seen that it caused mood swings . idk
it was alright . got better toward the end . not something i will watch again or tell people they should watch .
those looking for the excitement of a thriller should look elsewhere . all too often this reads like a fashion magazine .
not nearly loud enough . click barely audible . i would not recomend these clickers . this does not require all these words .
looked dirty and beat up . , the tape ejector sticks . should of bought a new one . ok i'm done done done done
can barely see in the daytime . had to remove and throw away
worst movie i ever almost saw could only get through minutes and i am a big adam sandler fan .
no real plot , horrible ending . left hanging at the end . did the boy live or die ? what did he do ?
misleading advertising . arrived as a small paperback the price of a hardbound . extremely disappointed .
not for thin hair ! us straight hair girls with thin hair would love to have a big hair bun too !
it's ok but there a little easy to say the tongue twisters can be harder . it's not a very good book .
product ad does not say which states . why buy ?
the shoe was pretty but did not fit well . it was tight in the toes and slipped off the heal .
it presses something on my phone that doesn't let me use it . it does it to my sisters phone too .
it was returned imediately . it was smaller and less weight to it than shown i would not keep them .
i've been wearing this fragrance for years and does not smell like i usually buy . i believe that be fake !
had to send it back but was easy and so was the ordering of the unit my wife was surprised
the glasses seemed to be 'used'a not 'new'smudges , scratches on lenses , overall a cheap productwould not recommend or buy again
worked fine for a year . it has since stopped working . connects but doesn't produce pickup any sound from the phone . very disappointing .
too big for my soon to be kindergartner . i had to get her the toddler size .
it does not work with my galaxy s mini . only works as usb . i't not written in the paper
some answers on questions not even close to what our players were expecting . i would not suggest this edition to anyone
it came out of the package not working the way it said it would ! total waste of money to buy .
i just got back from vacation could not use the card , my camera says no card ?
the second one that i have had that has broken . pathetic . return label did not work either . very very unhappy .
we ordered two sized larger and item still too small , their outer clothing sizing is pretty true but not swimsuits
it's too bad disrupted with me on the second day of the purchase money only loss . khkh lhkhkg khkhkg khkhkhjh
these keys are a little pricey , especially since one of them broke in a cuff ! definitely not getting these again .
the battery didn't hold a charge at all it was just the same as my old battery . don't buy this
very fragile broke after the nd day . would not recommend . very cheap product . . . . . . .
once again , my otterbox broke . i should know by now that paying a fortune for a crappy case is dumb .
this product is a complete gimmick and unfortunate waste of money . invest in a healthy diet plan and exercise instead .
not very good
installed it on my car battery and in months it just broke , very useless . piece of crap ! wast of money !
description says they are , inflated they are actually about . stars because it's still actually a beach ball .
never received it it never came don't use this site for buying anything its is a waste of money ok
vert poor construction , they fell apart after one wearing . also the fabric was itchy . would not purchase these tights again .
i returned it because it was way too heavy for my hair . my scalp felt very sensitive after using it .
tastes ok , but i could not even gag it down because of the texture . it is really grainy and thick .
i've only been giving it to my golden retriever for a few weeks . so far i haven't noticed a difference .
this was the worse book ihat i read . i would not recommend it to anyone . it is an awful book
he just doesn't spend enough time breaking down the moves .
burst open at the nozzle after one use . terrible .
these puzzles are badly formed . there should be more connections between words . they obviously went for quantity rather than quality .
very cool item . bright and attracts attention . but on the super light bikes there aren't sufficient spokes for this item .
it is not downloading it keeps taking me to some amazon site liike come on i just want the game
very cheap and uncomfortable on the ears . the sound leaves a lot to be desired . i sent them back .
the case falls apart if the phone is dropped . it gives initial protection , but then is useless .
very small , sending it back , quality was good overall but for carhart , very disappointed in the big and talls szing
less than months old and will not last hours on a full charge . do not buy . not good
the product worked well for the first couple of months , but i had to replace it because it stopped charging .
i tought it was chicobag .
terrrible fit . not even close to correct size . if you do order , order two sizes larger than you really need .
never had an opportunity to watch the movie . time just slipped by me without getting a chance to view it
can you put carnivores dinosaur hunter for free on hereif you can it will make me happy very happythanks
can beyonce come out the closet right now she's been throwing hints for years it's official now .
it didn't work like i thought it was supposed to . i guess i need to look for a better one .
not worth the money and i didn't feel it was very interesting and it was too short for the money .
this is not ment to be on ds its better on a console
if you really know your stuff this book will never come into play only for someone just getting started
the product came with an used battery , but is working ok once i got a new one
do not use this product ! google it for yourself !
couldn't get it to work
this didn't work . i had it hooked up for over an hour , and it never worked .
main pouch doesn't close so thing can fall out of it rather easily . needs more sections to put things in .
poorly constructed . top of hat tends to fall in because there is no support for it to keep its shape .
poorly filmed video . did not do any justice to the park . do not waste you money to buy this junk .
very disappointed . would return them all but it would cost too much . i wish the description matched the actual item .
the top piece only snaps on upside down . the top piece also does not stay on , comes off very easily .
they rip too easily . i would not recommend buying . price was a little expensive for the quality . very cheap material .
only one channel works as an ipod controler . radio player is ok if unit worked properly it would rate much higher
looks nice and it fits well but the pillow shams pilled up in no time . good for a guest room .
i was taken for for this . not a switcheasy product but a fake . stay far away from this one !
it gave me heart pain . i really didnt like it at all . hopefully the others productof herbalife is not like this one .
this compilation of herbs does not seem to accomplish anything but to exercise your swallowing skills . a total waste of money .
did not have four hooks
this update was a waste of money ! absolutely none of the road changes in my area were updated .
how soon after i buy this does the blu ray come out ? this was shot in hd afterall
this was disappointing , the colour is so intense , and the texture heavy . i like revlon products just not this one
i ordered this item and is defective . the motor keeps cutting off on the first try . horrible do not buy
didn't work idk why not but it didn't charge my laptop and it didn't light up so it don't work
do not buy this product . first time i inserted the shoe lace in the cord lock , it broke right away .
i stopped watching sooooooo bad .
useless product . impossible to hold on brow and make even . used tried so cannot returngiving to yr old for play
this kit didn't work to charge an apple ipod or an apple ipad in the car or the wall charger !
i tried to get help and got nothing . no response . do not buy this ! it does not work at all !
it's not good in the sunlight . you can't see anything during the day . would not recommend it to anyone else
it won't click on snugly . one edge is always sticking up . bummer . i will try and heat and mold it ?
i purchased a helicopter for my mom and ended up with a smith and wesson knife instead of a helicopter .
concealer didn't conceal . the highlighter was better , but not better than other highlighters . couldn't discern any therapeutic effect at all .
this is a very good item . i loved it . trust me this is awesome . do buy . best item ever
not what we expected in quality and design . sent back for credit as it was of no value for us .
this is an album of covers as done in the movie . i was looking for same but by original artists
and also boring . i'm not sure how this is supposed to be fun . there is no skill or difficulty involved .
do yourself a favor , search the author's name on google , and follow some of the links .
because i can only configure the unit as infrastructure and cant configure as access point
did not like product . . bad qualitya broke with in hours nd did not fit my phone well . i hated it .
this was probably the worst book i have ever had the displeasure of reading in my life . good day sir .
the product broke after a couple days of using it . i dont recommend this pump to anyone .
put this on my phone n then i couldn't charge it without taking the case off .
i ordered these for my daughter . one broke the first day . another will not stay on . dragon's tail won't stay on . poorly made cuffs .
curtains were ok , but pin holes in one panel and black smudge like oil spots in both . very heavy wrinkles
this is just a stupid app with news articles and photos don't get it it will just take up memory .
hate it in the since i did not receive product ! very disappointed .
hardly any time spent on the situations of war . too much timeshowing the areas and those dumb goony birds .
i think this will be my last day at gush . ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one .
this is a sticker book onlyis not a activity bookits very tiny , can't do anything for activity with it .
i couldn't figure it out . just wasn't my cup of tea . really wasn't worth the price . blah blah blah blah .
don't buy this product . you cannot get spare parts for it as i found when i lost the grinder blade .
only bucks but was not the product i wanted was totally different from what i thought i was getting
it's not a baseball game ! it's a puzzle game , don't spend your moneycause it's not worth your hard earn cash
our robo hamster is way too small for this toy . it is heavy and should be used for larger animals .
i struggled to read this book . it is very long and drawn out . a great disappointment from an avid reader .
it was not shaped correctly and had cheap velcro and bunched up in the front , maybe on a different gun
hate the new update . graphics look very cartoonish and very hard to see color differences . will not play this version .
don't buy unless you have a sky line or martin . does't work with my overhead stealth !
it's cheap , but that's about it . it is a minor improvement over doing nothing . i wouldn't recommend at any price .
this would wind my thread in a conical shape which my brother did not like so back it went , pronto .
i take turmeric regularly . i've used other brands . this is the first one i've used that has a peculiar smell .
not what i expected ! set always lifted and was sticky even after spending hours under lamp . total drag ! not happy .
not sure what i disliked about this book . need to do my ratings sooner . just had i gave it only stars
i loved the case but it looses it's colors fast . my case is almost all white not camo !
fit just fine , but could not turn phone off or on . it made my phone into a paperweight .
both ripped after one use and it was not because my biceps were too big .
this happen in the first chaper and the rest of the book just had a bad feel after this issue
i could not finish this book . it just didn't push my humor button and i could not relate at all .
so disappointed with this item . very cheap , could have gotten at the dollar store for . i would not recommend .
the a button stops working after a few days . enough said .
i tried it on a whim . this is mediocre soft rock , pop at its best .
i keep getting an error saying to try back later . i have tried multiple times last night this morning .
's is . mm so why would you advertise it as mm ?
i was sent the wrong color ! i wanted navy blue , not purple . i was really let down . can you change ?
these are very small and tight fitting . they would fit a tall child or a junior , but not an adult .
this book is completely useless without the teacher resource package which is sold for more than us . don't buy it .
i have a game on my iphone with the same name but not at all the same game . very disappointed .
the author created all this drama but couldn't figure out how to end it . in the end nothing was resolved .
i thought it would be cool to own this micro sized r c boat except it doesn't work . big disappointment why why ?
i saw no improvement in signal from the original antenna that came w my verizon wifi router . save your money .
prices of junk . they break or stop charging phone within two weeks . spend a little money and get some quality
a very interesting read . amusing . would definitely recommend it . a tale of six lives that are entertained in to history .
not very original and not very developed . but very predictable . don't think i will risk buying the next book in series .
chose one out of and still not quite right . too much synthesizing and not enough clear tones or sounds .
it is not bad book but i found little practice with too much theory and without enough practice examples
i would like my money back please .
it barely fit around my ankle , and i do not have big ankles . although inexpensive , still not worth the money .
beware this product does not run on windows
when you increase expectations , you better have a product that delivers . i see no evidence that this has worked for me .
wanted it to work as we appreciate different news sources . crashes every time app is used . please update or repair .
ok . not greatmight get the job done but not so muchmight be good for carpal tunnel relief i don't know
my machine , panasonic kx fp , is not feeding paper when i am getting faxes or copying .
not good
didn't hold device where i could see it and use it . looking down while driving . made the purchase wasted money .
these panties fit way too small . two sizes smaller than stated . complete waste of money will not repurchase . awful !
bloth gloves had holes where the thumbs were attached to the gloves . i would not think about buying these again .
these mats are a bit thin and slip and slide around . next time , i'll get better quality .
this does not fit a ge or hotpoint stove . the plug in prongs are too long to fit stove properly .
paper waste . this woman is a disgrace . she knows nothing about sexual orientation and she's probably a closeted lesbian herself .
looks very cheap i will probably buy another one .
it's sooooo agley , the size not ok the matreal is bad as will , the color is not the same photo
it's not a totally free site . why require so many words to describe the experience when a few will suffice .
the keyboard does it's job , but the casing does not support the device inserted well at all . it's very flimsy .
feels and looks very cheap
super synthetic , didnt blend well at all .
it does not work . it is the correct one for my unit yet it does not work at all
unable to access proxy server ? i've downloaded which takes forever and i am not a happy or satisfied customer at this point .
glad i didn't pay for it . save your money and look for something else to read that is better written .
i needed a digitizer assembly for an iphone and not just the screen for the iphone . poor choice .
the adhesive on these is about as strong as a post it , making it pretty much useless .
works fine but dog small pooddle chi mix does not aknowlegd the shock wish it was a little stronger
very cheap product . lid arrived broken . box it comes in is almost to small for it . not worth your time .
i expected more , so i felt it was dumbed down .
atkins products do not subtract sugar alcohols . inaccurate net carb calculation . i ended up using the serenity carb counter instead
seems to to dried out very tough
didn't work for me . tried fenugreek with no success . i think if fenugreek won't work then this won't either .
the container is about four times larger than the clay bar inside of it . the clay works well , as expected .
not durable , subject to cuts and tears .
did not fit lg c as advertised . gave it to a friend and ordered another elsewhere .
the fone doesnt work at all ? !
masquerades as profound , but actually exceptionally trite . peddles a dangerous confused stew of sappy mysticism . to be avoided at all costs .
this was advertised as a free book however it is only a couple of chapters . was very disappointed with this .
i order the software and received a bad key . not usable . i would not recommend ordering this product at all .
the description and picture are not the same as what was shipped . there is no cork top . false advertising .
i thought they would be smaller . they are freaking huge and just look retarted on me .
it freezes all the time and i lose a lot of cash so the thing is it sucks fire truck !
where are the instructions got a scanner . nothing else . if i get the intsructions i'll rate it . not recommend . cant use it .
when plugged in alone it is quiet , but when charging a product it hisses . now concerned about a fire hazard .
this doesnt work with windows bit . no drivers for at its website . if it did it would be great .
this ebook is in monospace font , which makes it more difficult to read . try the halcyon classics version instead .
boring . you can master it in minutes , and the only change is the game gets faster . not worth downloading .
this case looked great and was easy to put on . it broke within weeks . not worth the money
it doesnt work , it was a gift for my mom and ohhh sorprise doesnt work . we put new battery and nothing .
if u already play the game , do not buy you already know all the tips and cheats out there . boo !
went to my local pharmacy and bought a real one this one broke right away . cheap materials were used gh
piece of crap . got it for my daughter for school and it lasted a month before the strap came off .
i bought it as a gift and it seems like it offers good protection but the led light doesn't work
not a good buy . cheap stuff that will rust very fast . issues with the stainless steel .
broke the first day and the shipping cost is outrageous .
the bluetooth does not work . it appeared to be in a new package , however the item did not work . inoperable
had high hopes , but could not get a consistent reading on my tablet . north kept changing . didn't work for me .
three more nonresponses . total so far twelve .
not worth the price . so cheaply made that it would fall apart within a few washings . i sent it back .
these artist have so many other great songs that i think they could have chosen better
this is a terrible dvd ! sound sucks , footage is rough and content is depressing . wish i could send it back .
these covers do not stay on the phone . they pop off everytime you open the phone . do not recommend purchasing
not jesse venturas fault . the script was terrible . and i have no idea why jim belushi was in this movie .
i was surprised that it had light brown skin . was this stated in the information that i was given . ?
the tie down string broke off . these things are never durable .
i might have tested this app for a little while but don't have it loaded anymore , so i won't comment .
i received a mozart piano book and no debussy at all . pretty pretty lame . i was left very dissatisfied .
those are extra faxe bapes dont buy them . why do you think they are so cheap .
this app is hard for me anyways . i could never get it to do what i wanted . so bye app .
all the five stare reviews are short and read the same . i think there fake .
tragic , people are awful , bad ending , mean spiritedi would never want my grandchildren and several could to go to harvard
it sure was !
the sound that it produced was very soft and disapointing . i must have got a defective one .
i planted these in my large pot outside . kept watering , watching for something to happen . but , nothing . i'm very disappointed .
they are very cheap looking . way to big . would recommend getting a smaller size then what you wear . disappointed me
this does not stay charged long once charged , and i need it to be available when the original battery dies .
omg . get on with it already ! i found the lead character to be very frustrating . whole story just drug along .
it was folded in half in the package causing decals to roll and not lay flat , otherwise they worked ok
camera lens was blurry and broke in a week
my dogs won't drink from it . i've washed and washed it . tried enticing them to it to no avail . sorry
i did not relate to this book at all . hate the writing style and the people from the first page
never wrapped it up at the end . i would have liked a clearer understanding of the finished story . needed closer .
the price was cheap , but so was the quality . they ripped the first time i put them on . don't buy .
book was just ok to long and drawn out . good writing but very notting for such a long story thanks
brock after two weeks not very good sorry .
the black color was all over the white after washing it . i love the dress but would not buy again !
broke after a few uses and vibration is weak .
it's nice and slim but the plastic is pretty cheap and the piece near the volume button has already cracked !
incredibly disappointed . this should be taken off the market immediately . this is what atari stoops to ? really really bad form .
great product , but the keys randomly just die . i have given up on it and will try a different model
doesn't fit the computers that it says it does . the title needs to be updated don't trust unless certain .
decent movie , but much of why it was happening was left up to your imagination ! i prefer more explanation myself !
i wasn't able to use this product . it was broke when it arrived . i was very disappointed in this purchase .
pretty plain jane boring case doesn't bend in back , nothing fantastic
too much work to cut the cakes up . some interesting ideas but not ones that i can see someone use ,
much much smaller than others this size and no way to return . didn't realize the swimsuit was coming from china .
yeah fall out boy kinda sucked way back then . don't get this if you love them as much as i do
story is cute but it looks like some of the artwork is cutoff and the words are it aligned correctly
two died after one month .
i would not recommend this product because it was out of order after using days .
it's okay . spicy fragrance .
no padding on the inside makes it hard to wear .
we did not get to play it because it did not work , so we deleted it from our kindle fire .
it is unbelievable that a company would release a children's toy with such horrendous grammar . do not buy this product .
they have all the previous issues that you can buy individually . each one is a different download . i wasn't impressed .
the space jerry graphics are beautiful but its disappointing that the t shirt itself is a thin and low quality cotton .
terrible mqm just go to your local walmart and buy one from there
the watch is nice enough and keeps good time . the indiglo did not last beyond the first months . disappointing .
pieces don't fit together well . images are fuzzy , not very fun for adults or kidspoorly made . i would not recommend .
arrived completely jammed , unable to use . i'm not getting a replacement . don't buy it , it's a complete waste of money .
did not work as described . i would not recommend this product .
this is the worst piece of trash i have ever bought . it was essentially like getting my money stolen .
kciks tand broke in one day and i didnt use it i didnt not pull the kick stand out yet
the first indention does no work . i was disappointed on how fast it got damaged and began to come apart .
didn't loose one lb . and yes , i eat right work out i wouldn't recommend waste of money for sure !
it's just memory . not very exciting . plus , the tiles take longer to turn over than i would like .
not interesting book .
was great until it stopped working days after i got it .
will return . one of the fell apart . will be returning . i am deeply disappointed the items were ao cheaply made . thanx .
the metal nose piece makes it uncomfortable for sleeping . the pouches sewn at the nose and chin causes fit problems
broke first time i used it . i do not recommend it to any one . spend more money for nicer ones
my daughter dropped her phone with this case and the phone cracked . would not recommend this product because of this
don't waste your money . unless you are just beginning to become a sudoku nut . way to easy for advanced sudoku players .
it is too bitter to get past one bite .
leaked at '
cover box says tundra and does not fit n a tundra so i was not satisfied with it
too small for any seat , terrible quality .
opened package , tried the charger , didn't work . returning requires unopened package , my understanding . charger just sitting here , out the money .
must be very hot to work effectively . takes a while to reheat for additional use .
this drive failed just after its yr anniversary thereby making it unqualified for warranty replacement .
its free , so whatever but its not that great , my year old could have cared less about itoh well
priced for stupid people like me ! sam's sells the identical product with x the amount for about half the price .
when i opened up to use , it was smelling so bad . eventhough i washed out . didn't work out . ! do not buy it .
it looks alot better than it works . very bad vibrations .
would not recommend this product to any one . i returned the socks , because it was impossible to put them on .
whre are the karoake graphics ? my dad died and i want to sing this song where are the fkn graphics ?
i think both of these books were awesome , i would like to see this book as a sequel .
packaging is in real bad shape , for paying as much as i did it should come in much better shape .
i ordered an ex lg got a small that says on the tag it an extra lager clean was not
this item is unusable on my vents because if its weight . would not advise purchasing thus type of phone holder .
noticed absolutely no differences after faithfully using for a couple of weeks . smelled nice but ultimately a waste of money
amateur prose , predictable did not bother to finish . does not belong on any recommended list why do you need more words ?
the case keeps turning the nook on when it is closed , causing the nook battery go deadgood price though enough
very poor effects and the plot id pretty simple . i couldn't stand more than min of the movie . horrible
i am still waiting for delivery . please contact your vendor or cancel order . do not charge my account .
this sheet set is terribleso glad i did not order it is very bad qualitydoes not wash good
the items did not reach my expectations and i'm still awaiting a return authorization
boring , an idiot main character . how can a reasonly smart attourny be as stupid as he is ? also to wordy .
you can not catch any fish . they want you to buy another package . don't waste your time with this game .
it didnt hardly worki go to the gym times a week , and this product did help at all
doesn't live up to the sales pitch poor at miles .
this is drake with silly background music not drake and his guitar alone . his other cds are much , much better
thin , almost see through and no drawstring at the waist . i had to return the two of these i purchased .
description of the two units should clearly state they are not the same . i had to order two more .
never i used the massagers , because never worked .
i had to purchase this book for class . i only used it once and it wasn't really worth the money .
this cable is a cheap piece of junk and does not work . don't waste your money on this ! does not work !
the drivers and very old and doesn't work with new operating systems . i sent that to the garbagedon't buy
broke two days after i got it . cheap made ! would not advise on buying this product . wish it was better .
lasted less than a month it broke its in the trash already regret getting this case don't waste your money
it broken all ready one of the side broke off when i took off my belt
this product does contain paraben ! do a search on parabens and you might want to consider another brand of chlorophyll .
frustrated with this app because does not support time warner cable . and now i also have to sign in ? seriously ?
very poor binding . pages fell out when i first opened it . paperbacks are not a good choice for scientific books .
first songs were fine the next were skipping indicating the disc has scratches . very poor quality . never ever again
omg ! if this were any smaller it would be invisible . maybe i misunderstood the dimensions , anyway , don't waste your money !
this sucks . broke the firstday , while trying to take it off my iphone c . dont buy . it is garbage . yeah
this app is not user friendly and this is my second time downloading it and taking it off soon after .
i followed all the instructions , but it didn't stay on at all . didn't even make it to the first washing .
the ring turns black like tar in days of usage . that was some expensive junk ! never again never again !
card never worked
application relatively easy , however , i was unable to remove the tab mask without leaving tape ! waste of my money
grandson did not really get into it . likes bigger and more colorful books and the stickers did not impress him .
fix your paying systems it sucks and makes me wanna cancel my card which i am doing thank you bye
this didn't really do a good job of lifting stains on clothes . switching back to tide
it's a good idea but don't drop it or all your important cards identification will be scattered across a busy street .
it doesn't work on my tv there was nothing said about different codes and this remote isn't adjustable to code
these puzzles don't make pictures . you can still solve them but why would you want to ? do not buy this .
worked for only days def a waste of my time avoid this you def would be upset smh .
lousy product . blew after hr of use !
it's bigger then my phone , it's to sad because i was waiting this item to long , i'am very sad
are really confortable as expected but terrible performance on wet floor
don't buy it ! don't waste your money with this pen . i recommend you to buy another type of eraser pen .
talla muy peque ntilde a para lo que se esperaba . no es el mismo modelo que aparec iacute a en la foto . mejorar . saludos .
it only work times i tried to use it this summer it doesn't work at all .
some of them do not work or give less ink than promised they get stock and printer makes strange noise !
the wire has numerous tears in the wire , and no talk back or . mm jack for the xbox console .
it's bigger then i wanted ! kinda sad !
this product did not work with the ipad as indicated on the advertisement . i do not recommend to any one .
this product smells really good but it didn't last once i applied it to my hair . the pump was also defective .
very loose . wouldn't work . very cheap material . not satisfied . wouldn't recommend anyone to buy this product . don't waste your money .
this is more like a garden flag for gnomes it so small . the colors are good and it seems sturdy .
don't bother to read this book , it's not worth your time . i found the story very disappointing and totally unbelievable .
i have had these before , and something is wrong w this batch . some were so hard couldn't even eat them .
used it just a few times . turns to warm without completing cooking . dont buy this item .
these crayons are not a good buy . they begin to melt the moment they are introduced into the tub water .
again , wished i could get my money back . so not worth the asking price . probably won't buy any more games .
i like it the best of all the flavors that i bought
it was awful didn't even show the entire words it cut off . i was very very very disappointed ! never again
didn't realize it was so tiny
the holder broke after couple of months of use , i do not recommend this product at all , do not buy this
way to big i take size there like a size can't even wear them ! to far to send back
can't play it right for the bubbles don't if it's the top or bottom color cause looks it does both
ggggg gunot . and forget tha gayme too he's wackreal westcoast pplc boyukmouthbrotha lynch hungx raidedyoung drumac dre ripmac mall
i read the other reviews and ordered a size down . however , it was just not a good look . very unflattering .
worst book ever . this is the stuff that makes many students cry . this book promoted bullying at my school
i rated it bad because was so dry . the color was not what it showed . i was not very happy
the keys and sticky and inconsistent really really bothers you . highly discourage using this keyboard !
cause they not waterproof like they said they is i need them to be waterproof like they said they was
awful can't even describe this dvd video . a waste of money , if you must see it , rent it .
i have not received this product at all , i ordered man called horse also and have not received that either .
my one year old should not have been able to break this so easily ! i wouldn't recommend .
did not last but days on my phone . it peeled off . i guess u gget wwhat u spend
although the product numbers were all the same , the batteries do not work for the phones i ordered them for .
it is very dumb . the way it turn hard plastic . wshoud have return it . but too much hassle .
it is large and a bit scary . i bought it for a small christmas tree and this is too big .
love the watch however the glass cover chips because it sits on top . have had to have it replaced .
gwen stacy mother of green goblin's children . an affair between them ? i've decided to imagine i never read this book !
way too stiff too be comfortable . it made my neck hurt when i tried to use it in my chair
just a piece of crap ! i have ended up trashing them , bad buy stay away from this crap ! badly mad
no melody , no harmony and mostly indestinguishable lyrics there's some hard earned money i'd like back again !
charges some items , not others . it is very bulky . doesn't hold a charge well . i would not recommend this product .
this is not the cirque du soleil product shown on the picture . this is a cheaper higgins bros alternative !
functional . looks good in the picture , but a very tacky looking product when you receive it . upgrade better to leather .
this is the worst hot towel warmer i have ever experienced . it is always scorching hot and impossible to regulate .
doesn't work , don't waste your money .
couldn't get into it
inside the bag sharp iron pieces which deeply did hurt the hand animals can be hurt too very disappointed
horrible . don't waste your money . spent a little more at another web site and got a much better product .
didnt work , but got my money back quick !
the threads stripped after two uses getting metal flakes in my kief . do not buy this cheap crap . its junk .
worked for about seconds and t enough quit boiling the water ! what a waste of time and money !
would probably make an excellent read for a lit class . would be interesting to hear various takes on the book
buyer beware . they take no responsabilty for your order from them . rude customer service ! takes forever to get your item .
what videos are on this dvd please anybody knows ?
did not help me get going . it is more of a this is what i did to hire it done .
no good quality at all i mean no bass they suck and the broke after days don't buy it
the book came in a pretty descent time . however , the cd in the book was broken and was not usable .
this is the second tragedy that happened on i am not trying to say anything bad about the towers
the game don't work .
fell apart after just a few weeks it was inexpensive , so i didnt bother to send it back
task killers are not needed for android smartphones in this day and age . let the os do its job . uninstalled .
do not buy this . the housing on the wire detaches itself easily , leaving the usb terminal bare . very poor quality .
least for or months , then broke .
there were not so good illustrations along with a not so helpful dictionary that only shows up at the end .
it does not look as good as its picture . it looks kind of cheesy and does not fit ladies nicely .
not like the original yahtzee game at all . i wouldnt recommend it to anyone that i know , or dont know !
this app wont down load it has been on for hoursmy friend has it and it down loaded horribly
i never received what was advertised as color cups in the picture . instead received transparent cup ! i returned the item . !
thought this was something else uninstalled it . wanted a game i did not have to play with other people online .
this is a terrible game , and not fun at all
which is unfortunate because it looks so fascinating . ahh , but live and learn . sometimes , things simply do not work out .
dang this is for a tablet but the usb connecter is for desktop . so its no good to me . thank you .
the item was not sealed ! no labels , made in china ! no way to determine if its really organic and pure .
to small and damage
is this a joke ? ordered a novel , got a cartoon book very disappointed do not recommend for anyone ever ever
it came out bent and had a cut mark on it , think they could have sent a better quality piece .
great belt but the wrong size was sent had to re order was therefore late as a gift .
the auther is exagerating alot in his description . many things he refered to were false
when the glass arrived , the stem was blue instead of red . definitely did not look good and i returned it .
awful . rip off . amazon needs to take this down .
too hard to move the pieces . not what i expected .
it looks like a nice typical good to wear ring but its not at all its completely cheep and unattractive .
what can i say , my phone broke from a drop with this on . hit the edge and shattered the glass .
put me to sleep
hi , i brought tihis cd on dec . of ! and my cd don't arrive to my office .
charger worked great at the beginning and lost power after a couple of days . an unhappy customer sort of speak
as others have said , these are too long to work for no show socks . sorry . big fail on the sizing .
i ordered this item on december , but it's not deilivered yet as of jan . horrible shipping !
this book was ok but not very helpful for a beginner . i was hoping for more helps as a beginner .
didn't like it didn't like it did not like don't like it not worth it five words to go . done
they are nothing like a kinder egg . out of the box of there were only different lame prizes .
did not work at all . it actually pulled my jaw in instead of forward . would not waste my money .
i wish it would have been a little thicker . it tends to fall off easily and doesn't seem very durable .
even though i was searching the . cover , i somehow ordered the . i haven't had time to send back .
this unit resets at midnight and clears all data , which did not work for my needs since i work evenings
not what i wanted
it came with bent parts so this kit was totally uselessi guess you you get what you paywill not recomend
what the hell happened to this band . i liked all their stuff until this steaming turd was released .
it's hard on the wrists to hold the hand off the pad . redesign it and you've got a decent item .
i recieved this item broken which defeats the entire purpose . it also took forever and a day to get here .
was not helpful in starting , had to have someone show me . wouldn't recommend the book .
not worth the time or money . considering the amount of coverage by cnnthis dvd was amature and poorly done
leaks more than my showerhead . would not recommend .
this game is boring . also can you just have us write a review without a certain amount of words . irritating !
terrible ! too many glitches , hated that to make a call i had to type in area code , hated ad pop ups
if you are going to title your book with the word 'ultimate' please make sure it's really awesome . i'm disappointed .
this product does not fit the galaxy s like it says it does . don't waste your money on it . l
doesn't even load and it might just be me but it still seems like an awful game overall notvery good
cant make too many notes about this shoe as i could not even get my foot inside . its a shame .
it was just them talking about stuff no one on earth would care about ! i think it was just useless .
these are super tiny and super crappy . i broke most of them just trying to separate them , what a waste .
dvd would not play
this is my rating because of the quality . it does not work very well with my phone and needs improvement .
most recipes were not ones that i would ever fix . the book was of very little value .
i just received mine today and am extremely disappointed . the light is very dim , and it's unusable as a flashlight .
this is a beautiful shoe , but the size runs large , so i cannot wear them , and have to return them .
poor the candy corns were all broke in the bags , so it was just pieces of candy corns !
the filter too long .
our son didn't care for this book , the only nice thing about it was the chart .
i ordered this and only received one brush . so disappointed .
junk ! big waist of money , threw it in the trash . don't waist your time or money . looking for something different !
you cannot point it to a directory , so camera pics that i store on card , not phone , don't show up .
really lame . anyone with an ounce of sense knows more than what's on this app . waste of time and energy .
the photographs are beautiful and designs too but i waited more patterns in the publication , only five or six models .
if you are republican this movie is not for you
it is impossible to make this disk to work in windows , and there are no new drivers or workarounds .
did not work and it tipped easily . light flickered several times and quit . never got it to light up properly .
idiotic book , trying to mimic liars poker . embarrassing .
i down loaded this it was a big mistake . i tried using it nothing but trouble . i deleted it fast .
no human being should ever watch this movie . absolutely do not buy , rent , watch or even think about this movie .
breaks and causes bad injuriesdo not purchase ! the blade broke off and cut a gaping hole in my finger
i didn't like this because it was too heavy and didn't like the shape of the toe !
this book is total waste of time . don't bother . it's out of date and useless .
this guitar i receieved has a warped neck how dare you send this product out .
downloaded game , had to download adobe air , waited forever for game to load up , started game , shot bubbles , uninstalled
it quit pickingup water quit using it will throw in garbage u gs tee sdfdg elre aldffd sdlfdf sdlf df
man in order to make this thing wi fi you have to by an adapter so thats another dollars
i wait month and not recieve nothing you lost this , i don't know condition .
he cheated me the lenses are polarized and , made the purchase twice for non polarized and none was effective !
case covering already coming apart
thought i was buying the game . didn't want a book to learn how to play the game . very very disappointed
a bad takeoff of some of the saw series , although . thankfully not nearly as violent . not worthy of malcom mcdowell .
no i am not satisfy its just ok i expect more stickers or some thing but it's just white net
hard to thread through eyelets and didn't stretch to let your foot in afterwards . just put them on the shelf .
i don't fully agree with some of his 'answers . ' . but overall it is a straight forward look at the bible .
this was very difficult to apply . i could not get it to transfer off the transfer paper . waste of money .
it pealed off after the second wash . i followed the instructions on cleaning care . its a black shirt now .
ordered the case so fragile and doesn't fit samsung note . they should separate the items based on correct product .
scratched and chipped the new phone plastic case is too thin doesn't fit the phone fully nice looking casewarning avoid this case
size wasn't bigg enough but oh well play it anyway . seems you want too many words to rate this thing .
the cover is virtually impossible to put on without ending up with multiple bubbles , i ended up throwing it away .
wxp crashed after installation . hardly ever restored computer when removed that card .
awesome product i loved how it sat the i pad up but started to break down after a month
i do not like this game . i like the older version . is it possible to change it ? star rating
this book is boring . not much to touch and feel . the pages are all the same
have had multiple cases from them . this is a poor design . broke after one week .
this was thin as paper . it felt like it would snag or tear very easily .
horriabal an embassement to the halloween series
i never received the ordered item , but a charger instead . they failed to respond to my email .
i would not recommend this product due to very poor build quality . the trigger broke after hours of play .
okay for a kid's halloween costume but not so much for practical applications for use as a prop for tv film photogarpahy .
this is the nd one died in months of use again . never had more than blackberry charging at once !
didn't work , defective !
wow just wow this is not the best game it stinks right at the ahhhhh i hate the word minimum
this 'game' is extremely silly and short with very little thinking required . it's too short to need any thinking either .
this game stinks . rip off . don't get it stinks . little brother like it but not me . i hate this game .
very poor product . each and every shuttle cock was defective . one or more feathers in all shuttle cock was defective .
probably on par with the free bag you get when joining the nra . i wasn't impressed . ended up returning it .
this is a majors only deck the minor arcana are pips only . not work the money . i returned it .
keyring is very thick , doesn't fit keys that have automatic locks on them . can't use mini cooper keys on them .
there is nothing inside only names of disease and not the criteria . it is a waste buy . dont dont buy it
boring , complete waste of money and time .
this is so bad we stopped watching it and deleted it .
made for a small child .
not exactly the phone that i was looking for
back ground of most of the movie sucked overall ok
this book was boring and it did not keep my interest for very long and was stupid ! not recameded
this entire alblum is quite horrible ! please don't waste your money .
this product is advertised as an indoor tanning lotion , but i used it times with no results .
i've owned two pairs of these gloves and neither have lasted more than pitches . really disappointed in these gloves .
tried to find some new revelations about tai chi , but it was rehashed principles and ideas , nothing new or original .
bone thugs must really wanna crossover and get an audience .
it tried to give my kindle a virus and it does not load correctly so i could not use it .
the toast will not stay down to toast . this is the bagel side . the other side works . please send a replacement .
luckily the phone always survives but for the money they are junk . won't buy again , and will spread the word .
i bought two . i still haven't figured them out . i think it may be good if i get it working .
some how the dishwasher got a blue stain in it . i've tried a few things . nothing has worked so far
the battery does not last at all when using the recorder and the secret door broke off the st day
tried to get into this book . not too interesting . will have to keep trying . the first chapter is not even caught my interest
not good at all doesn't get the short hairs the tweezers work better i would not recomend this to anyone
not rugged enough , it lost of of its rubber corners in the second day , so yeah it sucks . two more
this protein shot caused upset stomach ache . i tried to drink it several times on different days , with same results .
the app is very unstable and freezes or crashes when opened . i would not recommend this app to anyone .
this charger worked for about months and then that was it . it would also get very hot while charging .
this thing is a real piece of junk waste of plastic . it was not thought out well at all .
color patent is good but material is kind of rough . plus , the size is too small as a door mat .
broken
not a dvd for beginners . she goes too fast . i didn't like the music or any part of the dvd .
does not function properly . audio is mono only , not stereo . it was cheap , but you get what you pay for .
and that's a real waste of time . either download the movie or forget a bout it . cheers ya'll c ya
it's just a sock . doesn't really align .
noisy and all over the place , and the beat is kind of redundant and boring . just got annoyed by it .
there wasn't enough options and didn't like the charging system . wouldn't stay charged and went dead quickly . we returned this .
i just received this item and it doesn't work at all . don't waste your time or money on this one !
i found it okay reading , but not one of her best .
i typically don't write reviews . pass on this piece of junk , several of the plastic pieces broke on first use .
wrong size ! . . . . . my fault
it wasn't a ladies fit tee , it was the exact same size style as the large i bought for my son .
the print was almost impossible for my year old to read on the ipad mini . we did enjoy the book .
doesn't look like the picture the tail doesn't stand up like its supose to it hangs down like a dog
it just didn't capture my interest . watched it for about minutes . would not recommend it to anyone at all .
nothing works . butterflies don't spin , leaves keep falling out . i am so frustrated with this set . waste of money , wont reccomend
not a quality replacement . could tell not original beats wire , cheaply put together stopped working with in a few days .
once you make a mistake , after you had programed the clicker key pad , i can't reprogram it .
im not even going to say anything because it would result in tears . not my tears ether
nothing to learn from it
therubber piece of the shirt stay is not reliaable in holding on to theshirt
way too small in the inside part . only for burritos or little pizzas . looks cool but not very practicle . end .
these units are junk they do not play fm radio comes with no memory cary units are junk buyers beware
even the kids didn't like the taste , despite the cool looking sprinkles . stick with double stuffs , they taste much better .
i have had this book for months , and , to date have read the first chapter . words fail me .
this product did not work for me at all . but the merchant did refund which is all you can ask .
when bulb came one was broken . dosent pay to send it back . next time i will just buy at store .
good job of stating the problem and the need . unfortunately his solution is an academic markist solution . not politically practical .
too big for my mouth ! have not boiled it down yet . i guess you get what you pay for . choking !
i got it minutes ago and its already crashed i think its cute but it crashesdont't get this app !
the glue at the base was half unglued and coming apart .
very difficult to understand speech and difficult to follow stopped watching after about minutes . not worth purchasing this movie
a great idea , low heat and way more efficient than a halogen bulb , but not nearly as bright
i was expecting this from class card but this is way to slow then my other class cards .
do not buy this . to big and bulky , hard to hear and uncomforable . do not buy .
those unbelieviable circumstancesthose antihuman living standards . better forget about it . well written , masterwork . even if you ask more , it is enough .
rust spots all on the underside of the dies . not happy .
did not sense anything with it . was nice in the shoe but nothing beyond that . would not buy again ever .
rewind button is not working properly so i dont like the product . it is creating head ache of return .
sucks , would not even load .
terrible quality . simply doesn't compare to brand name cartridges .
yikes , pulled my hair out ! way too tight and ugly color . hurt my head it was so tight . hated it !
apparently everyone involved with making of this film also rated it . very sad and transparent effort . waste of my time .
very cheap looking , and it seems like a colored copies and put together expensive for what you get . nice idea
barely keeps drinks warm . you can find a better product for at bed bath bath and beyond by copco
it did not download fully . i can not find out why it did not . may end up deleting it .
it would never sync with my phone
this product looks beautiful but it smells horrific ! made me nauseous and would not recommend that an animal where this !
i found it to be so boring i couldn't stay awake . not near as good as the other mission imposibiles .
near impossable to understand . would not recomend . not what expected . not worth the time to try to understand . no no no no
this lunchbox is not well built at all . it broke with very little use . i would never buy it again
i've bought three of these and two did not work properly . there are static and or mono instead of stereo issues .
got it . plugged it in and nothing . it does not work . the computer doesn't even know it is plugged in .
steel alternatives available for the same price . these are not worth it . one two three four five six seven eight
this author repeated a lot of detail continuously throughout the book . it seemed as though the book could be halved .
my machine leaks water and now the suction feature is not working . any suggestions ?
very stupid design and material too ! i regret buying them as presents for for my sons
havent been able to get this to work yet , no instruccions included also . not happy at all with the purchase .
ugh . what a drag . save yourself the money .
i don't have this and it is saying delivered , please help
i bought m but it looks like xl ! very disapointing !
complete ripoff of sticks and bells . try something original for once , hollywood ! stick with the original on this one , people .
it doesn't fit my samsung galaxay tab . the cable cord doesn't fit the samsung galaxy tab .
i bought them five months ago . don't buy this boots , they are very low quality and they are not waterproof .
jams easily , not quality considering the price . not happy , son was very frustrated with this toy gun ! save your money .
already starting to rust . i wish it was dusk to dawn .
i get drop box for free . i don't see the advantage of paying for something i can get for nothing .
couldn't bring myself to finish this book . it had just to much going on and hard to keep everyone straight
did not like
its okay . i expected the strap to be a bit longer . i would suggest the bag to others if asked
sitting here right now and db its not getting hard at all ill never buy this product againever ever
i wasted money on a block of wood that i didn't even use . my collection was just fine without it .
these are for infant not toddler . i read reviews and thought i was getting glasses for my year old .
no practical way to mount it using the included hardware . no examples , nothing . had to make my own mounting brackets .
this product takes a long time for this to charge my iphone or ipod ! does not work well at all
should not have bought this item . bought this product in weak fleshly moment and i regret that i bought it .
completely stiff and wasn't slouchy at all . wasn't anything i thought i was going to be . probably never buying again .
does not fit the phone snugly . i am disappointed because it is so cute but i won't use it .
the battery was damaged has dents on both fronts and does not hold a charge , wished i hadn't bought it !
this was highly rated and i'm not sure why . it's not great at all !
the bag in the picture is misleading . the shape and size is a huge disappointment . i do not recommend purchasing !
really best apps you should have told us that it is a puzzle i am disappointed and mad really really .
it dosent work well at all , get rust oleum rust converter , very disappointed with the results , don't waste your money
i really need my refund . this thing doesn't work and i'm gaining more weights . it is not good at all
this charger started to come apart after a month and eventually stopped working . sometimes you get what you pay for .
too many characters , interesting but the end just ended .
i've only had this game for like mina and i have already reached level ! this game is bomb !
no good .
why are you people doing this ? stop stealing peoples art and putting it crappily on cellphone cases . jesus . stop it . stolennnnn .
pill cases were delivered as promised and are really good for keeping these very important pills handy for quick use .
loved the first season . i am sorely disappointed in season and don't think i will continue .
i have bought this product and adapters did not work . i paid so much money and could not use it .
yes , she is talented and jazzier than kate nash , but way to derivative for my taste .
toy is very small . also has a decent amount of sediment inside which plugs it up . would not recommend .
even though the movie was free on amazon prime , i was not happy with it . it was a downer . period .
game will not lfully load on kindle fire nd generation so was not able to let my yr old play
violent and heartless . no storyline that i can tell except how brutel can people be to each other . don't buy .
purchased out of curiosity . interesting documentary with unsupported conclusions . distorted republican propaganda piece . wouldn't recommend to anyone with minimal intelligence .
don't buy , each one broke within days
cheap
to small
doesn't work with all slingboxes . need to fix this . there is no reason for this to happen except for greed .
broke as i was trying to put it on for the first time .
snoozer ! this book was an excellent cure for bouts with insomnia . it was boring .
ugh ! i was bored couldn't get through the book not enough to keep my attention next . nothing else to say
it doesn't work ! cannot open the app at all . i don't understand how can this be one year old already .
to havy
cheap cheap cheap quality . tips over and falls apart easliy . the bases are too light weight to support the structure .
way to expensive and not what i expected in quality .
ah no .
it did not work for my iphone or my sister iphone
the whole book just seems dated and not contemporary . you'll find a lot more better ideas and tutorials online !
too small
these are really pretty and was really excited about them until i saw that one whole branch was not working .
semplice se lo vuoi utilizzare ma poco pratico se lo vuoi utilizzare come giocatore perch egrave ti dimentichi sempre il punteggio
it was much smaller than i wanted and you could not even tell that it had a light on it .
you should really be able to go past wreck if you don't make it . other than that its pretty good .
they charge really slow . i went to bed at pm with and woke up at am with . dissatisfied
i was unable to keep lenses in place as described in description . product returned for full refund with out problems .
not great for hard of hearing person but great for kids
junk , returned for refund
not what was shown in the picture .
light hearted and easy to read but must then be put into practice directions to navigate a happy life .
it just doesn't work . the sheet's corner had sticky residue on it that wouldn't come off .
the lower base doesnt even fit in the uper part , i had to smash it and it even didnt fit .
not what i expected . i thought this would be softer and bigger . i give it two stars because it's cute .
junk ! i tossed them all in the trash !
the animation on this movie was just average . the other bratz movie rock angles was much more fun to watch .
it got stuck a few times in the last months .
how can i contact technical assitance to repare or replace spare partsthe first time of use , broke the cover . thanks
lame , too slow . deleted and moved to a more active movie . i gave it a two for the outfits !
phone doesn't fit in this case google's g android . maybe some other phones do fit , but g doesn't .
it is not true to size at all
product looks and feels cheap . on the second time i used it , the door jammed and will not close x .
not at all what i was expecting it is just the case does not even come whith the extended battery .
poor quality all the way around . felt flimsy , lid did not fit well , tasted metalic when i used it . crap .
the cartridge will not print any yellow and the other colors are weak . no response from the seller .
the original straps were very easy to work with , these straps are very hard to stretch over the retaining posts .
quality poor . print blurry and color not good would not order this product again disappointed in the quality of this print
shirts are nice but they pic easy , wore it one day and it was already ruined for other than hunting .
way to big
rip off
i bought it for my daughter and it was too balky for her . after use it dosent close very well !
does not work for a dsi xl . very disappointed wish i hadn't ordered it .
the product claims to fit an inch tablet but doesn't really do so . the edges hang over the cover .
too weird for me . almost pornographic . perhaps i should have researched it more thoroughly prior to purchase . too late now .
the description says durable rubberized case this is pure plastic not what it described i'm very disappointed . will be returning
you get what you pay for , not very good . i would not waste my money . a bad knockoff from china .
a total rip off . don't even consider . can't place different blocks . cheap knock off of minecraft . not worth to get .
the game sucked so bad thatnwhen my sister saw it she said quot that game is the worst in the world quot .
would not work in the walk in freezer at our soup kitchen . wouldn't transmit the signal through the insulated door .
when i received the shower gel , the lid was not properly screwed on and almost half of it had leaked out .
product will not deliver sound . when plugged in to hdtv and kindle no sound comes from either device only picture .
handle was ripped right out of the box . it is made of flimsy cardboard and not seamed correctly . returned it .
despite the photograph , the kit does not come with the router bit . that will cost you another to .
comes apart the first time i used it . seal comes a part and gets stuck . very hard to get apart .
this book was okay , but it could have been a little more exciting , and could have had more characters .
this product was in okay condition . i have some problems with it stopping on me .
not what is pictured there is no good on towel it's a very small bath towel with a wash mit
these bottles leak at the lids . these seriously need to be revamped .
well
not for me . could not even finish reading this .
seems to us to be less than expected . rather cheaply made . not quite what we expected , but not the worst .
washed it once according to directions it shrunk beyond belief ! didn't even use it once ! don't bother !
did not work with c volume buttons do not line up
it's not just lemon . they added some other perfume to it which ruins it
didn't finish this . i was hoping for a louie lamour type book . maybe i should have read how it ended ?
it was all clumped together when i received it which made me think it was old or not stored correctly
keeps falling off . cheap material . don't recommend it . and i found better prices at the store . samsung galaxy tablet
dosent fit my grand daughters in tab
i ordered this as a gift for my mother's birthday and it came damaged . very disappointed , i expected better quality .
prints come out not even , some areas are lighter in color .
the breast area is not for someone with smaller chest . not comfortable at all . wont be ordering this ever again
this album has hits . movin , changin , l o v e you . the rest is fluff . im sorry i bought it .
can't rate condition of the book . it was ultimately not available from the bookseller and they reversed the charge .
did not work
these guys stink , just like any so called punk rock today . don't buy this .
the wires are not as long as appears in the picture .
this text book is not the best deal . it should be a whole lot cheaper than what it actually costs .
only read the st quarter of the book so maybe not the best person to review ? use your own judgment
couldn't read past first chapterreally can't say much , because i ddnt read enoughwas way out of my taste
absolutely no good . depressing and definitely not a christian . do not recommend it . it just ends has no ending . just plain lousy .
don't know what this author was smoking ! talk about flight of ideas ! this was not helpful in the least . bit . useless
visuals a good progression from disk . music very boring and insipid . watch once and it's over .
the door opens with difficulty and crumb tray is absent ! otherwise ok
i ordered size bigger after last pairs ordered . guess what these were sized properly !
it mess up to quick
terrible just a piece of garbage . whorthless
it's not what it is . it sparks back on you and it takes forever to light . horrible product just horrible
i quit reading this book after i sat through a two page discussion of a hospital's hvac system .
after i ordered it for i found it in a store for . ! chock that one up as experience .
check your info . your photo does not match your discription . what tubing is that ? maybe fuel tank return . thank you
mostly dead batteries
does not stay on my ears at all . makes for a great medallion to hang from your rear view mirror .
looked cheap and was cheaply made . sparkles came off all the time and i would find them everywhere . just okay .
the book goes nowhere it has no moral at terrible line and tragic filled an all around bad book
the quality wasn't at all what i was hoping for and they were sized huge . returned immediately after they came
i am very white , very fair skinned , and this product didn't tan me at all . very sad about that .
sticker was old and pulled off backing with out reveling sticky side was not able to place on my car
i rather have bought a real htc battery , this one needs to be charged alot . not a real htc
still waiting for hard eight book that was ordered days ago and paid for !
not at all happy . wished i had read about the music changes before i purchased this dvd . not recommended !
and i've been printing it everyday . i haven't lost any weight nor have i gotten anywhere i wanted to go .
the quality wasnt good and there was no pic of the inside on the website , therefore not useful for me .
it probably was good , relevant humour at the time , but nothing memorable or quoteable for me at this time . .
only lasted about months before it started breaking . the plastic and rubber parts both broke , very , very poor quality .
absolutely horrible . no tasteso tiny absolute jokedon't waste your money on this crapshowed up it wasn't even packed correctly
the batteries must have been old . they only lasted week of a week vacation .
these are terrible . they are hard plastic , uninteresting for an infant . the elegant squirties are the way to go .
the lace top is not tight enough . they keep falling down . a little disappointed . but the hose are good quality .
i bought two of these , one stopped working for now reason and the other one broke due to everyday use .
cheap does not fit the iphone s and if it did you would not want to trust the belt loop
this book has an interesting premises , but the writing was basic and amateurish . i never felt connected to the storyline .
this is absolute crap . it's not even dollar store worthy , that's how bad it is . do not waste your money
the order is for flower . you don't get to choose color . not very sturdy as it is thin metal .
fair result . not as expected
brought , one is correct at but the other one is a even when the box says
junk
we got a defective item that had a hole for spinner attachment in the center of the money bag circle .
skinny tiny book with very little helpful information , it is simplistic and not worth the money , buy something more comprehensive .
horrible ! like a child wrote it .
handle came off after ten uses . water leaked from the head . don't waste your money . sent back after one week .
was ok . wish it came in all sizes instead of just one size . fit me really big .
too sticky , catches dust easily . i am now using it at home on my night stand to keep my phone .
i had a horrible time with assembly . after one attempted use it was tossed . not worth the effort or money .
i purchased this watch as a gift for a friend . he did not like it . says it's too feminine looking .
after a day camo peeled of until i had a white case . do not buy !
looks nothing like the image i had , its super small and very cheap . i wouldn't order this again . thank you
not to my tasteok if you like this type of thingneeded more substacei . m not much of a fiction readed
since it is listed at . cf , not nearly as large inside as i expected . i am returning item today .
its not even the size of what the add states . why is this type of total misrepresentation allowed ?
my dog had this product in pieces in less than minutes . not a good buy
what a rip off for this stupid book . the writers should be arrested
i bought this for a friends daughter because she's really into music . it looks cheap . worth a couple bucks . . . .
the tip fell off the rd day what a rip off
quit after day . temp was f higher than setting when was running . avoid
fell off pretty quickly
not the best , but a cute little story . i wish there was more of there night together . left me wanting more !
not that muchtuching so difficultand it's very bigshould be less priceany how buttry so goodand speaker nice
not good on my cell i have a small screen so its hard to see any thing in the game
it is not bright enough
came melted
i was very dissatisfied with this product . i couldn't see that it sealed my lipstick at all . won't buy again .
it's been more than a month since i ordered this case and i never got it . this suck .
will not hold up i applied coats to a top and the stuff comes right off . this is crap !
granted i'm not much of a gamer but this is really hard to play . maybe i should go back to donky kong !
it's boring . why would you download this game i mean i could be eating pizza . and it takes forever to download . geez
this case ended up being too bulky and it was very difficult to push the top button . color washed out .
broke right away
another product i cannot review because it was not received . once i receive product , i can rate it . lets hope soon
worked for week then stopped working .
did not include all listed parts .
the card was doa , with missing capacitors and broken chips on the pcb , it wouldn't boot up
how incredible that such a poor product make it into a vivitar box . shame on you !
not as nice for the price . i would recommended a different one for toddlers . small and too lightweight . not realistic .
this was a big disappointment , my son asked for this and tried it out but it would not work , surprised
worthless , would be nice if you could get started . got thruogh the first two puzzles in an hour then stuck .
this product never worked right and broke shortly after i got it . the idea is great but product fell short .
on my kindle fire hd this app just force closes . hopefully it works better on other devices for other folks .
i can truly ask anyone to buy this broom . it is just not worth the money and shipping cost .
doesn't hold up to lb card stock .
couldn't get to work , just radio
cheap . i was so disappointed . it looks cheap , feels cheap . not worthy of the name . don't waste your money .
this item is horrible ! what a waste of money and time . webs come out looking like vomit instead of webs .
it started off so great , then just died . could have been a great book , and just wasn't ! too bad .
boo ! shame on you blu ray and new line cinema . shame , shame . fool me not again .
i don't know how to fix this , but i accidentally wrote a review for this book meant for another book .
boring . save your time and money .
she read about two chapters and did not like the language or content . she did not like it at all .
they lie ! it's not cotton ! it's polyester ! i am sweating !
it looked online like the perfect kindle cover . i am not sure how to replace it . can you help ? thanks .
please don't buy the d version of this movie it is horrible the worst ever for a d movie thanks
the story line was very poor . i thought it was a waste of money . i would not recommend this book .
bo ring . halle berry attended the one facial expression school of acting along with kerry washington .
movie ok some bad acting . story line little too weak , some deleted scene from orignal film . only offered in video .
it does not accurately check blood pressure . i would like to return it . how do i do that . let me know
how could a book by such a wild man be so boringsnooze festsnore a thonbetter than ambien
i bought this to replace an older model . more cheaply made and does not smooth as the precious one did .
the velcro strip is not that good
short book , one that is a quick read . not quite sure it will appeal to all . lot of fantasy in it .
the s pen did not work on my genuine samsung galaxy tablet . so i wasn't satisfied at all .
this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen . i couldn't watch more than minutes . it's just awful .
very poor quality . unless you rarely use an iron , not recommended . sputters and spits . stains cloths . poor job .
the beginning started off real slow . the ending was wack . i expected more . the first two books were very interesting .
bad grammar poor story lines . i didn't even finish it .
fraigle can't store it on its side . would have sent it back , but the return was a real pain .
the finish began to peel off after a couple weeks of use , i did not wet it or abuse it .
i found this book to be disorganized and a tough read . i am ready to sell it back to amazon .
do not buy does not work on the ipad air ! does not reconize and is a waste of money !
the nailpolish don't last long , too fluid and it have an uncomfortable brush . but nice color and a big bottle !
set looks beautiful online , but it feels cheap and hard , like sandpaper . i do not recommend it
coffee is very weak , i have to use packs to make cups of coffee .
once my dog figured how how to take it off , it was worthless . i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone .
nothing to get excited about just a typical low tech game not really worth the time to try it out
the tip tore after less than three weeks . really like the slim design for ipad but big waste of money .
the edges are oddly contoured the fit is too big crooked seam in the back looks cheap close up
i guess i got what i paid for . it doesn't work for what i needed it for , so , ugh . idk .
did not come anywhere close to my location . wanted weather for my town , not one many miles away . will delete
used it once and threw it away . my only advice don't buy it !
scroll don't work , parts fall off , burns up batters fast
it not the same adapter and it not keep my battery charged . ihink that you have got over on me .
tried all the instructions provided , doesn't work with my camry wish i hadn't purchased this on a whim
this battery worked months at the most . now it won't last a few minutes .
not practical . i would have returned it but time ran out . i would not purchase it again . don't buy it .
i love the idea of these as well as the bright colors but they do not stick to my desk .
dead on arrival , what a pos .
main bodyssey of duck had a leak . inflated and lastep long enough to take pictures no problem with returning it
cute boots but they sent me the wrong size so i had to scramble to find black boots before christmas .
the very first time i tried to use this shredder it started to smoke so i had to return it .
not sure about the product but i can see where the product come from . good reviews or bad . no thanks .
not worth the money
did not perform as anticipated or needed . will not use it again . will not recommend it . concerned about sodium content
not very soft , i've gotten better from bed bath and beyond . the sheets are very thin , not what i expected .
i thought the desk would have been bigger because the pictures showed the unit much larger ! seeing is always believing !
don't like this product , i felt like clown after using this . the color is too dark and doesn't look natural .
poorly written . dull . about as insightful as a dictionary . simply the worst historical book i have ever read .
this was a flute a piano ? i thought it was breeding season for the kookaburra the flying fox bat .
cons too many leds . port placement isn't very good if you have oversized plugs . pros sturdylong cord to reach outlet
it broke down after the first week . i used only papers per use but didn't last . do not buy !
the led is not bright enough at all to be inside a vevicle and be able to read the temperature .
the story sucked .
it doesn't look as good in person the pink is kinda darker
it is made very poorly and looks nothing like the picture dont even waste your money its not worth it .
bought the wrong size . never know if these products are going to be too tight or too big .
don't buy
boring
was not gray . it was white . we made it work , but was disappointed . child used it for a school project .
way too much extraneous info that broke the flow . of that sidebar info would have been more than enough .
sold a product that was well past its shelf life . should never have been sold .
this product did nothing for my morning sickness . was really hoping it would work but it doesn't . too bad ! .
after struggling with it for many weeks i finally give up . the kindle fire doesn't charge . big disappointment . don't buy .
waste of your money , spend a little more and get a better quality product . i cannot recommend this to anyone
not pleased , clarity is not good .
it didn't stick didn't know top from bottom . so when i places it in . it was on the wrong way
have some problems with zoom , doesn t work , sometimes yes sometimes no , i have to send to repair
it smells wonderful but really weighs my hair down and flattens it out when i try to style my hair
i have been traveling and will only get this product in weeks so i hope it's perfect ! fingers crossed !
cracked an chipped first time i dropped it , was sitting down an fall from my lap , totally not shock proof
it did not work . i was super exicted to get it and it wouldn't turn on . i would not get
it changed color after one use and now i need to buy another one . i wouldn't recommend this to anyone .
extremely basic app . it doesn't really do much .
the image is poor and it is not free . don't waste your time . i'm sorry i did . but you live and learn right
what's wrong with this picture ? oh i get it , these are for the military , and this is the milspec price .
too snaggy and slick , satin just isnt for me , cut up the sheets and used the fabric for crafts eh
ok
i ordered champion model p sweat pants from under moments via amazon but received a different model number p instead .
maximum of papers are and they keep falling out . it's okay but eh . i wouldnt recommend it . very average . bye .
this book reads more like point notes made rather than any novel particularly of ken follett 's standards . very disappointed .
love the , wanted the , but hate them because i didn't know what size to get them in ! did not order
very flimsy , not well designed . will not hold much weight . probably would not buy it again at half the price .
didn't like it at all .
i've had this set for less than a year and already two of the couples have broken . very flimsy construction .
these envelopes are too small for shipping dvds . they are not x . they are x with little play in them .
worked for about a month then stopped .
i loved but this book put me to sleep . i had to pry my eyelids open to finish it .
thought this would really help my game , however , . the print is much too small to be of any use for me !
took forever just to download a single issue and then failed to load it afterwards . waste of time . very disappointed .
item is not what description reads . not the power i expected . not worth the money i paid for it . disappointed
it does not work !
very slow tablet wouldn't buy this tablet for any one had too restart often and it frezzes all the time
were nice glasses for two weeks then started turning blue which left marks on my face
you can't expect oprah's new age movement to save your life . only god can do that . try him . he really works !
these were not what was advertised ordered two seperate deals neither fit brother machinewill not submit order again
i received this product today with a lot of scratches in the back and it looked very used and cheap .
i would not have purchased this pan if i had known that it was recommended to be hand washed only .
it worked , but slow to download , music files were of low quality . didn't need words to say trust that .
too bad this book doesn't come with free sterilization . cash in , ghost written propaganda for the thoughtless middle american masses .
these are supposed to be boot cut , they fit more like a flare , very tight in the knee area
it works for my phone , but it was advertized to work for a nook tablet , which definitely does not work .
package was taped , i bought as a christmas gift and it looks as it it was used . i was disappointed
this was a lot of advertisements there was no real true info like the magazine i used to get .
i didn't get much of a result . i bought it because the anti snoring spray worked so well .
can't believe anyone would pay for a drm laden kindle book . used copies in hard book are reliable .
not any thing i payed for . ugly but did come in timely . i will not do business with them again
they sent me the wrong cover not what i wanted .
very erotic and not recommended reading for most people . this was written purely for the eroticism , not for literary content .
buttons fell off the next day , you get what you payed for ! smh waste of money to me yulp !
pros good monitor . we have three of them . cons short life . expensive repair . i'm nervous about the other two now .
a light rain and it lost its shape . which made it brittle so it ripped soon after . waste of money .
this is not fit for honda civic hx , do not trust when it say it will fit your car
horrible waste of , printer looks like a complete malfunction after using these cheap compatiable cartigages . again , don't waste the money
case fits so tightly it blocks cell signal . we thought phone was broken . instead , case was the problem . crazy . awful
i luv it just wish it was longeri well get more books by herit's sad and creepy . that's all .
very poor quality . just a solid piece of plastic covered byt cloth . noting like the
does not look like picture , when i received them , they were chipped . meh .
goes through batteries very fast ! the one we got does not turn off by itself .
good b w photo's , but little depth on the subject of the cars or drivers !
not a moon knock sad i have to buy new knocks for them all ! i should send them back . disappointing
good price however , the rotor did not have a good fit and when pressure was applied during installation it broke .
it stopped working after days don't recommend it
did not fit as well as i thought and not as attractive as the picture .
doesn't even keep time .
not a great book for a new student to the language .
product does not work and company does not respond to questions regarding product . would not recommend !
does not work like advantage ! dog still itches after eating tablet . need to use tablets daily . only get tablets .
they started falling apart after or uses . definitely wouldn't recommend or buy again .
costs too much for the little you get
not what i expected . completely bored after minutes . same lvls over and over . would not recommend it to anyone .
total junk
sorry same trigger cost . over price for the same product . took a chance and cost me for same trigger
this product is distributed by wal mart . predictably , it's very cheap and of poor quality . not happy with brand at all .
this was a waste of money .
constant paper jams and smeared printing from out of alignment print heads . this printer is junk . avoid at all costs .
it was supposed to be a joke gift but it was so poorly made that i gave up giving it .
didn't work at all . waste of hard earned
this does not work . the download itself is free but the actual tones are not . stupid .
half a bottle of . i haven't noticed much . still need to change my eating habits .
im not happy with the item it looks nothing like it's supposed to it could of been a lot better
fun , but not being able to have clues makes the game less enjoyable . don't want to have to buy clues .
i did not find this produce worth the price . i would not buy this product again . save your money .
bulky , hard to connect , etc . don't bother . it doesn't even fit the device well . i was worried about scratches .
these are bent and won't sit level on your face . there is hardly any foam padding . i do not recommend !
i bought this book thinking it was a christian fiction . it it not ! beware what you find in that category .
these run out of ink so fast ! stick to factory hp . you aren't really saving money buying the refills
i enjoyed the book at first , but after about pages it started to get pretty cheesy and just dragged .
the product does not work properly . when depressed the mister squirts a small stream and does not mist .
was not the quality i expected . cheaply made . not fast at all . thought this would be metal and was not .
she have a good voice but i don't like this cd ! try again girl !
really ! a deadly diary of a boring woman . huge blocks of prose and sadly prosaic dialogue . i do not recommend .
did not watch
the product was not like the one i purchased earlier from europe . the container looks the same but content wasdifferent .
did not like , to me just another of those waste some time games . kids would like it ! i deleted it .
the biggest rip off on the planet . bewareavoid . do not purchasegiant ripoff . for a bag of rubber bands .
lasted months , sound quality very poor , has no low end . doesn't appear to be even close to watts .
material was so thinned but its ok i can handle it i will use it for summer not for winter .
my watch soon became tarnished and was not attractive to wear . i would not buy this watch again . not happy .
the opening for this was too small , i have to dump the garlic to get it out of the container .
title speaks about itself . my first experience was awful .
expensive for what you get . doesn't stay for long enough time either . i would not recommend this one to anyone
bad quality dont expect in the future to buy this type of things very bad quality chineese merchandise poor watch
difficult to use . need to insert material at a certain angle , won't shred lightweight material . sorry i purchased it .
this sucks don't get it ! it doesn't work at all like youtube . don't ever even consider getting this app . thankyou
it is way too short and i would not even call it a book .
i was sent a refund because this was pirated off of the family channel including logo on screen ! morons .
video quality is slightly doubled and blurry . probably good for terminals but not for gui operating systems .
rusted and very thin , finish is spotted and dull in spots . . bent easily . very disappointed wish i never purchased .
the bracket that connected to the bulb goes broken in less than min after i started to use it .
i do not remember anything about this product so i guess they did not ave a big impact on me
i bumped one with my lawnmower and the top part of the stem popped of and rendered it completely useless .
these don't work . they suck and make crackling noises when you are not using them . the sound is pretty awful .
it's hard plastic case . easy to break . it's not a good protect phone case . i am not going to buy again .
poor quality and workmanship . also very small , inferior and did not ook like the picture . had to return this item .
not xbmc . other media player . not xbmc . i think its wrong to call it that . clearly using name to fool .
all themes are bad cover versions . don't waste your money ! stars , but system doesn't accept it .
i think this product had been opened before . it was watery and the seal had been broken . did not like
did not last . it figures it was made in china
they look good but they are really soft and easy can band when you try to take out and clean
there is something wrong with all of these . or perhaps disney had a very large bad batch but , the arm breaks off
i bought the thing but now it wont download ! super mad right now . i guess ill just play it online .
it was just what i needed for an old hens party
this is the worst game ever u do not even see the bullets or the magazine reloading its frecken terrible
not that greati would not recommend this app too anyonevery boring and hard to use . do not get it
it think it is lame and since i need more words i will repeat it again and again and again
totally not what i expected . the book was a bitch fest . didn't discuss any solutions .
trash quality
el vendedor incumplio con lo solicitado y me ha generado atraso en la educacion de mi hijo . . .
bought it . it failed today , exactly months later . don't buy this junk . need i say more ?
the pad is not warm enough , disappointed . it didn't meet expectation , exchange for different times still not working .
unfortunately , mine does not work no matter where i place it . but it does bring in the snow much better .
too big . and it started tarnishing within days of wearing . i will be throwing this away . waste of
golden retriever lab dog destroyed this in literally minutes . waste of money for my type dog . don't waste your cash .
this will not fit your motorcycle do not buy it ! its a piece of crap !
terrible ! i didn't think these sheets would survive one washing so i returned them . very thin fabric and bad stitching .
i receive other daisy spacer design
free at first , then they ask you to pay for any further uses . i am very disappointed . false advertising ! shame on you !

it didn't fit my iphone . wont' stay on .
the edges peal up very easily had to replace frequently which was frustrating not quite what i expected
this item is cheap . i returned it . i feel sorry for anybody who bought it at it's full price .
my daughter only uses on her barbies gems are hard to get out of her hair
this is not temple run ! it is a fake ! do not purchase ! buyer beware . worst game ever stay away far away !
this did not help me lose weight . i took it for months . no change in appetite or weight .
i don't mind a romance novel and i love anything to do with time travel but this was just silly .
it's nothing like the game smash hit . smash hit istons better
did not like
didn't enjoy this as much as i thought i would .
terrible . i bought in march and already it doesn't work ! waste my money !
it is really bad product , it torn out easly . i really dont recommend it at alllllway too small j
stopped working after months , even though i'd never used both ports at once , or plugged in a high power device .
it's just not very good ! i expected something like a travelogue and this is simply sea scapes . not very interesting .
too much polyester cause high moisture build up and skin rash problem . otherwise it is well tailored and affordable item
elastic is too tight at top . i've worn them for years , but this batch was not up to normal standards .
design peels
not what i was expecting
people who don't like historically accurate alt hist fiction such as turtledove writes love this perniscious piece of trash ?
this was stolen from right after i got it don't know any thing about it .
nothing new on this volume all unknown unpopular songs repetitive from volume and his greatest hits repeat repeat repear
bracelet came apart after about month of wearing it . loved the color and the concept though .
did not work at all
figured it out after pages . just too easy a read . too much filler , not nearly enough meat . a dis
real piece of junk , was no good by the time installed . almost impossible to install . would not ever buy again !
its works but very good . you have to rub it too hard , could cause problems later on .
the pencils do not sharpen well . the lead comes right out . most of the pencils were cracked down the middle .
it will not hook up to the charging cord nor will it charge the phone . it was a terrible investment .
mediocre at bestno theme to the cd
the customer agreement states that no book will be priced higher than . . do not be so greedy .
i didn't know this writer used to express himself in gross language . i personally don't appreciate it .
i swear dr oz will say anything for money . this doesn't do a thing for weight losesigned poorer but wiser
runs a bit large , and straps around the heal look loose and don't sit nicely around the feet .
only worked for a short time
i bought it and it wont download so download this app its bull rip off ! so stupid not worth .
no problems purchasing or installing , the game is just not fun and has awful controls . very frustrating . three more words .
not enough power , to small by wife's estimation . returnned it . went out and purchased a larger , higher capacity microwave . magichef
not that good . if you are looking for the original ceramics ii , not the case . these are rather hard
can't figure out how to use it so i deleted it . be very careful before wasting your time downloading this .
especially for baby steam sterilizerterrible quality . this stopped working after months .
horrible
is bulky was not want i thought it would look like
unfortunately this metal box is very difficult to open and close . i am disappointed with the quality and overall item .
a waste if money . i wish i could return it even though it was only bucks .
this is not mod . like it says it is modle or .
didn't care for the taste , gave to my grandson
no matter the quantity used small large hair seems slightly refreshed for only a short time . didn't like the strong scent .
no i order this one and another and they sent the same ones . not what the picture showed when orderd
this book does not belong in the quot real estate quot classification
the left side of the headset wont work . thumb down . d
they sent me the wrong one . we never got a tails plush . it would have cost more to return it .
a boring book with colorless characters and a plodding plot . don't waste your money on it .
keyboard stinks .
clothespins are flimsy they fall apart quickly . maybe good for hanging paper crafts but that is about all anything heavier breaks the pins .
too expensive
produces a minimal amount of light . way overpriced as well . do not buy this item unless you are completely desperate .
book was great but movie is very silly and shallow . i was very disgusted . do not recommend buying this movie .
i really enjoy watching tom and jerry and so do my grandkids it brings back lots of child hood memory
they make it sound like they are so britewrong they are no briter than stock bulbsnot that bright
item came without silk gift box as advertised . poor quality glaze on one mug was irregular and rough rendering mug unusable .
awful nothing like the picture , poor quality and ugly
hello . this product is too small for any arm . and will not fit any iphone with a case . try again !
not good cd
this product stopped working in weeks . i returned it to amazon for a full refund . please read similar reviews
the gumbo didnt taste like gumbo was pastey and bland in flavor the frozen gumbo is much betterwith good flavor
very small . holds few items . good for traveling overnight , but not for longer trip .
where's my headphone u took my money
terrible to use . hard to press control button . so not worth the money or the time to get this item !
received broken corner , battery does not last as long as oem with less mah did , will not recommend
the bed is nice , lightweight and easily portable but the face pillow broke as soon as i used it once !
the machine makes a loud clicking noise , and then the thread gets all tangled up inside .
nothing change after i finish the bottle so will not buy again . will not recommend to friends and family ever .
just a handle to a faucet and needs a specific faucet , even though it is marketed as a replacement faucet .
they sent me jet fighter ! not , and it is not worth trying to send it back . stupid jetfighter
they didn't seem helpful when packing our backpacks . we didn't use them . might come in handy in a large suitcase ?
it totally not working . when i put into my cell phone . i can't save any pictures and songs .
no me gusto , did absolutely nothing biggggggggggg disapointment waste of money time etc . just no no nononono no no noooooooo
should be no stars . as i could not use this app . it kept saying incomplete parcel . whatever that means . yikes .
received with a dead battery . company has not yet responded to my complaint .
the battery never held a charge . only got up to of charge after being plugged in for two full days !
not very entertaining
i can't save my rating of this garbage w o a review so here it is .
this game closes consistently for no reason in 'casual' mode . i sure am glad i didn't pay anything for it !
fell way short of the title . not romantic , not thrilling just not good but it could have been . don't bother .
nope not what i needed didnt fit my phone . im heart broken lol but they are really cute cases
well this is a great game but its a bad game like but it's really hard and complicated like it
items coming out of a degree oven are too hot to handle . these don't work ! i am returning them .
i got through about half of this movie . horror movies aren't what they used to be . too predictable , not scary .
this product is only for mac , we need it for xp , please , tell us how can we return it .
wires were backwards when i got it so i had to cut and swap places .
yukkkk !
this book is g ood i love it it makes me valley wet up all upper feel good bout itself blue
the screen protector was too big
this is not b legit's album . it goes to show you how the industry will try to pimp great artists .
i'm not sure i can even finish the book . boring , dull . never been a hugefan of teenage writing , and i think
nice phone but lacks height of volume after maxing the volume , it still does not compare to other phones .
a laugh riot , compelling and tragic , plot twists and turns . but i saw the ending coming from a mile away .
it's simple , it doesn't work and isn't even close to the real xbmc . do not waste your time . thank you
this product doesn't work at all my kids very upset that the package came and now it doesn't even work !
i ordered my subscription months ago and still have not received it .
worst buy ever from amazon . doesnt work at all . will never buy from this seller again .
to much repeating the same thing . was like just filling in words to make a book , story was good thanks
thought the kids might enjoy a challenge but it is really meant for train for jeopardy
all the jewels fall off really fast , wasn't pleased with it .
why can't this item be added to the shopping cart . receivingerror message .
hard to figure out . no good directions . cant see how this could help or inform anyone . disappointed . waste of time would not recommend this
the fabric is extremely weak . the belt loop broke the first time i tried them on .
why is this book suck so much it's afenceve to those dogs they can't defend them delta there dogs idots
it wouldn't clamp onto the exhaust vents of either of my two laptops both of which are from different manufacturers .
i expected a novel true to the facts of history . this book didn't meet those expectations .
this apron was not hear the quality i was expecting for what i paid for it . very thin , and light .
too predictable and badly written !
the book is mainly about the author . he wants to make a book out of maybe encounters with feynman .
too short for the money . need more stuff and better clues . i don't think the detective really answered his client .
i guess i didn't read the description correctly . i didn't want a sticker skinit . i thought it was a hard cover .
broke within weeks of having it . very bad cables . took care of it very well and still broke easily .
terrible taste , did not dissolve well , made my protein shakes and smoothies taste terrible .
they snap very easilybewareit looks great but the small and thin arm is not built for mountain bikers
got the product on time . however it is not as described and it is very flimsy . would not recommend it
there are no instructions on how to use it . very poor . i wishi did not buy it . not worth getting .
just a heads up , this restaurant is now closed .
crystals were dingy and the clasp broke after rd use ! i wouldn't recommend to buy . not very good quality . poor .
this book was more about mr . bruns and his personal trials and tribulations than about helpful and worthwhile travel information
purchased this product , st day it worked great , day claw is already broken off , its junk , save your money !
both chargers didn't work .
if you have read one , you have read them all .
just do not use it much . do not have time to get acquainted with it at this time . thanks though .
jamsup then strips out plastic gears mine totaly failed in days just perfect hu ? spend your money on better stuff
product was broken when received . opened clear package and the diane rectangular pumice stone with tie was in three pieces .
i thought they'd be thicker , and they're not at all they're thin just like other ones i've gotten . very disappointed .
i will not pay more than . . that is the agreement between amazon kindle and the kindle owners !
poor fit . broke it trying to put it on the phone . wont be back jack . have a nice day please
i received an empty box . no one had opened it , it was shipped empty . don't deal with this company !
these poles fell apart first time i used them . will stay clear of this brand in the future . bad experience .
my son had this for a couple of weeks and the wallet started to fall apart . cheaply made . not worth the money .
this book is not written in english . it is is written in german . beware , it is not what it looked like . l
the steps were made of foam and were not helpful to my dachshunds because they were lower than the bed .
i will stick to the rubber finger tips . it doesn't help at all and falls off really easily . horrible product .
i have attempted to make purchases from this app and all have not been honored . truly ridiculous . o mg
even with a gifted cast , they can't quite overcome an inherently poor script . it was very disappointing especially at the end .
the batteries died the first using it n it's very expensive to replace batteries . i don't like it at all
not much plot . not much action . not much of a movie . i wonder why i watched it to the end .
not worth it !
dont waste your money leaves your skin dry . i don't want anyone to go through what i've been through ! . don't buy
very cheap , one was broken upon arrival , the other didn't work at all . i wouldn't waste my money on this .
this is an adapter , not a converter , so it does not do what i wanted it to .
didnt work with the garmin gps i bought it for . ended up having to buy a cable directly from garmin .
would not reccomend . i read everyone of his books but this one was not worth the time . such a disappointment .
plug didn't work with my gun .
this product shows two molds , but arrived only one mold . the picture is misleading . the seller is dishonest .
not to mine jell o shot recipes but i don't loss hope there's still more books i want to check into
the clock loses the paint . bad quality . everyone who bought peeled . i am very disappointed with the quality of the product .
did not load right . can't play this game . waste of time . not planning on trying to load again to play
this cd will install a rootkit on your system . say no to this .
this item was recieved quickly but was just a shattered peice of useless glass when it got here , thanks alot
way too expensive and it's easier to just clean the litter myself . this system just doesn't do it for me .
solar battery does not work so it was a waste of money . sadly i feel i made a bad purchase
use it twice and it's torn . poor quality .
the scren protector did not fix well left a lot of bubbles . i had to throw it all away .
you can buy this same item for . at lowe's . amazon's prices are not competitive with home depot lowe's .
just learn the real guitar , how stupid would you look pressing buttons that light up . believe don't bother !
my areo bed worked fine for night then leaks out in a few hours
did not work on my computer as advertised . returned to sender , no responding yet .
watch works and is not to crown glass of apa has taken ygrasia . tha returnvery disappointed . regret not pleased . sincerely kolliou panagiota
coco ring flash is made or pure cheap plastic . the quality is awful . you get what you pay .
the picture looks a lot better than the product but i underestimated the size . i was thinking it was bigger .
purchased this for xmas gift , dvd was defective . ordered a replacement and it was also defective . i have returned both items .
the camera does not work and only had it for a month . can't return product so i just wasted .
very entertaining movie , but the special features including the real story upon which the movie was based would not play .
it wont download and it keeps saying try again but never works amp made me pay for it like times now !
plate willnot snap together would not connect at all . not worth the trouble to return . waste of time and money
these cases don't even fit the phone properly which does not allow me to use my power or volume buttons .
very basic . in my opinion this book just stated the obvious . everything i already knew about cleaning my house . disappointed .
the one with the naked chicks ! the other two are lame .
not the quality or color lighter grey than pictured i was expecting it blew off in first wind storm .
i use this every sunday the hinges broke after uses . i will be buying the waring pro next .
i hated this item . not what i wanted at all . i ended up getting a refund . really easy to do .
hated itihad to force myself to finish it . bad baddid not like itwaist of time n money
the neck line is not as attractive as shown and sleeves have tight elastic and are way to short . disappointment !
the product that was posted to me does not work .
poor quality . would not stay stuck to dashboard no matter where on dash board it was put . would not buy again .
plastic pieces broke off this only after uses , now it is vibrating and making a loud grinding sound junk !
i brought it for a friend named debbie as a gag gift , don't think it would thrill anyone else xx
don't waste your money on it ! no shimmer at all ! very disappointing not what i have expected , waste of money
i will have donated to a real cause for missing children and will never read this book of lies ! rip caylee
my grandaughter loved loved grumpy . i would recommend him to everyone . he is so funny . great job ganz . love your products
do not bother . this is nothing more than a band aid . it does nothing for the keloid scar . was disappointed
broke first week i bought it . i never even dropped my phone . it just cracked pulling out of my pocket
why carn't i buy this and get it shipped to australia , i can buy the gun buy not the adapter . ?
poor quality . broke after just one wear
it didnt fit the lamp . i couldn't see the actual plug in the picture very clearly . i will be returning it .
this product is over priced and it leakes ! do not buy it !
this is advertised as genuine turquoise and it is not , i don't believe the metal is silver either , not impressed
cat rips off and they are hard to get on . torture for the owner and pet to put on .
very poor quality . i realize it wasn't very expensive but was hoping for something that would at least work .
can you say zits
to small of screen
i tried to color with different modes but none of them worked . i was expecting much better experience from crayola .
sexual jokes just are not funny anymore . this film has very few funny parts which are all in the trailer .
this is not what i thought i was ordering ! the advertisedpicture is not what i got ! not even close !
not good because the illustrations did not show up and a child would never give it a chance . don't purchase .
within weeks , paint peeling off and two of the corners cracked . definitely poor quality . very disappointed .
too hard to get the air bubbles out after laying the clear screen protector on the front of my phone .
first time i tried to use dvd player it stopped midway and wouldn't work . immediately returned it . piece of junk .
doesn't work well , just pulls the child under water backwards !
not !
i have not used this app yet but my grandson has . he said it was ok but a little slow .
it takes forever to scan your document . great if have a lot of patience . i would not recommend this product
what utter and complete pap . go buy something else with the money . stars
i took venacura for a month and i did not see any improvement change in my legs .
not helpful for planning . no real connection to common core standards . not even worth the free price tag . don't bother .
computer does not recognize charger will not charge or work message keeps popping up that computer does not recognize device
this a bad knockoff of the black decker scumb buster and the attachments between the two are not interchangeable .
not so good for inflating bike tires . it may be good only for inflating basketballs , which require more less pressure .
after cutting the sim card , my iphone does not recognize the sim . don't waste your money in buying this product .
poor wifi range very bad .
they are cheap looking and feeling . they appear to be somrthing out of a gum ball machine . gave them away
was not what i expected
not a fan of this case .
these are very poor quality and arrive coated with some type of bad smelling oily film .
bought this for my dogs , unfortunately they won't play with it . it looks like fun for kids .
no real information . writer has no clue of new discoveries . is close minded . how can you call his work scientific
not happy but than again i didn't pay much for this . handle already came off .
it was a great book very interestingi live a good book you will love it to now bye all
had to read this for a class i was taking at a local community college , a total waste of time .
this is cotton ! it feels just like a hooded sweatshirt . nothing cashmere bout it at all . shame on u , china
waste of money
the batteries barely last long enough to trim around our mailbox . we're throwing it out . what a waste of money .
fell apart very easily and didn't fit my phone that well
could not get the lock to work , so it is basically worthless , am using it for a footstool . not happy .
i found this flick to be boring and often irritating for too much overdone phony breathing .
display model is versionbut i'm received another modelit's version ! omg ! what happen ? i want to refund money inclued shipcost
the belt is way too stiff and bulky . i kept it but doubt that i will every use it myself .
i am very unhappy product had defects i still havent gotten a responce on my complaint .
i gave many , many people goody stacks this year and i will never do it again . stale and rancid . no
the only thing they rock is there self i rock more wheni am beating someone down pitiful
i ordered next size
i would not recommend this since i don't care for so many statistics . not worth the price i paid too .
does not work as stated . bottle is almost empty and water is still not clear . going to another product .
it is smokeless , indeed but very hard to light . once you light it up , it's hard to keep it lit .
having the same ghosting problem everyone else seems to be reporting , shouldve read the reviews before buying .
i enjoyed the suspense and trying to figure out who w as s the killer . xxx xxx xxx xxx xxx
it did not fit a king size bed and it was torn to shreds when i received it . low quality .
the game does not let me even open tutranal it says timed out . please fix gameloft p . s i love your games .
awful . they have sucked this franchise dry . i thought it couldnt be any worse than part , i was wrong .
slow read but realistic storyline . didn't really enjoy the odd spelling to keep you in the irish lilt . charming characters
sucked , don't rent .
bought two and worked the other had a bad cable . good luck if you're buying this crap like this .
bought two of them neither were detected on windows or linux ! pure junk ! do not buy ! not worth your trouble .
what do i do with this app ? maybe it isn't finished yet . no instructions , no learning , no fun but free . uninstall
this not the usual well written tale by this author . it failed to hold my attention .
i will keep it short like the life of the product . i only used these three times and they quit working .
purposely confusing and overly obtuse , by design a forced effort . i usually like tom hanks too bad he was in this mess .
did i mention that it didn't work . i have to type at least more words . it did not work .
while the basic story was creative , it lacked depth . a quick read .
i wasn't thrilled with this . it ends with no answer as to what is in the cellar . kind of disappointed .
forget it
as hard as i tried to match the model numbers up is still didn't fit . tossed in the garbage !
what a disappointmentbe wary cheap plastic broke on nd uselive and learn wont make same mistake twice
this mp track is defective volume is so low it is inaudible .
the product is badly made . it is also not working properly especially for the torch . don't bother spending on this
terrible movie . don't recommend watching it all . don't waste your money and don't waste your time on this movie . hated it
all fell apart on use . put back together and fell apart again . trashed all !
too hard to understand the people talking . shut it off just didn't keep our interest like we had hoped .
i bought several of these for christmas based on the fabulous reviews i read . both my dogs completely ignore them .
reservation royalty ? really ? who is responsible for naming these costumes ? is there no cultural sensitivity left ? come on , guys , really .
the paper is too smooth for the mouse to work effectively so it can't be used as a mouse pad .
send me the wrong product incomplet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
unfortunately on the first use , the flap that attaches to the velcro for closure ripped off .
not comfortable !
the paint on the clock was cracked and chipped in several places . the painting of the bath towel was poor .
the dvd title was misleading i thought it was going to be the cream from the s .
made in china strobel the made in america brand . it was no heaver duty than a regular liner .
i did not lose a pound . dr oz is a quack . please save your money people ! this product is scammish .
ridiculous junk . got it in the mail wore the blue one for minutes . . such a waste of money !
listen if u r not going to make an app worth buying than don't make one . don't get the app !
this is a terrible product . it fits the ear poorly and the volume adjustment is very crude .
this cover cracked and was unusable after just one week . too bad , because it was really pretty .
it's like a freaking dry marker ! not good . its dry . tatse horrible . the color look nasty . don't waist your money
i was about to play right when it stopped broke . this app is horrible so don't buy it . really sucks .
unnatural exposure is over exposure of cornwell full of herself . it deserved a rejection slip
cute but the picture faided in less than a week so it was in general a compleate waste of money
couldn't see it did a thing
just the good old final fantasy , but you can barely play with this much ads . please don't download this thing .
great idea , poorly executed . glaring typos and incoherent text make this a difficult read . i want my money and time back .
the glove runs small my young teenage grandson age found it much too small . i was disappointed
. overall i was unimpressed . maybe it needs a different producer or mixer . it was just off
it's a stupid pull car , amazon screwed up on this , someone please fix these listings , big disappointment . not as pictured
the game itself is alright but it freezes alot and the diamonds which you buy stuff with are too expensive
very flimsy and so small . i would've liked to have enjoyed these , but they didn't last long enough . very sad .
the top three buttons stop working . when i got this item , it looked used , not new . would not buy again .
got this for my daughter's th bday and the holster broke during normal use , the day after she got it .
just not what we expected , we thought they were full headbands , instead they are small for like a pony tail
this video would not play for me . it kept stalling and i would like a refund to this video please .
it locked up . i resorted to yanking things with a truck . i'll try freeing the cable and may try again .
i was disappointed with the recipes . they were not as appealing as i expected . i would not recommend this book .
conversations between characters were stilted . poor job of editing . it read as if a high schooler wrote it . very disappointed .
i was very disappointed with the quality of the product . i sent it back immediately and got a refund .
i hanged pictures with these strips , pictures fall down , hit floor , destroy baseboard , it is not worth it , never buy them
whiny hero and heroine . both have the poor me , woe is me syndrome . sex without much story . not for me
the metal seems really cheap like it will break easy . scared for my life to use it . cheap chinese product .
should have listened to all the reviews ! these run really small . ordered a whole size larger and they fit fine .
first , no battery or a c adapter . second , no way to contact the company . don't waste the money on this
better off as an article . the point is well made but the book is often redundant .
didn't work
i use the whole jar and it didnt make a difference to anything . very upsetting and a loss of
not totally satisfied whith product charge runs down faster than my old battery also heats up after min of run time
horrible little book . the plot line is spoiled by the characters who make really strange decisions . read if you're bored .
gift for xmas fell apart the first time my daughter used it . not impressed . never had problems with amazon before
was doa .
looking for more prog rock . really can't find anyone to parallel porc tree or dream theater . took ages to arrive
replacing the batteries didn't help . may be my specific item is defective , but i have a feeling of waisting my money .
sent it back . was cheap quality very flimsy . to me it did not provide any protection for my phone
didnt link alot of things which makes it useless , its not wven the newest version of the iphone .
cleaning said it best sophomoric , silly , et al . don't buy it , check it out at your library . seriously . thank you .
it's often true . you get what you pay for . the edge stitching is already needing repair after only uses . disappointed .
ok book for an older child . the regular version would've probably been better than the kindle version .
hallo , i just want to know about program of stopwatch . can you tell me about that , please .
i wanted a functioning compass to wear as jewelry . it doesn't work . it's cute but not functioning .
not worth the read !
this is a toy broom , not made for real use . the bristles are hard plastic , and scratched my hardwood floor .
this necklace is very very thin . easily breakable need to have more information on the size . amd better pictures would help
i love ryan gosling but i think this has to be the worst movie he ever did . save your mone !
plz make this free , its too much money , like bad piggies you made its free after awhile so make this free too
this product is made by low quality cotton and sewed very loose and simple . many threads are in the bag .
do not buy . very cheap plastic . it will wear and then your going to have to reinstal a metal one .
not loaded with a lot of options plug in play etcvery very disappointed ! also sent back right awaynever again will i get lenovo products
as i said above plus i paid to much for what it is . i should only have paid maybe
looked cheap and did not fit me around my stomach . not worth it unless you have curves and are big .
my kids like all of the flavors but chocolate . they say they just don't taste very good .
hello my name is matthew smith . and i thought that this was a major smellfest by director sketer snackson .
it's a sturdy cable but not worth the money . you can get the same quality for less .
the different phillips product codes and the universal code . can someone give me a ring to help me ? please help !
this thing does not work . avoid buying this product .
save your money . the water stays in the handle after washing , and they're not great cutting tools . cheaply made .
good
item didn't work for me . i refuse to buy the product again i think that my . should be reimnumburst .
i received this poncho with a huge tear in the hood . i understand it's used , but seriously ? a inch rip ?
hard to take seriously due to poor grammar and sentence structure . nearly every paragraph had errors . it was short though .
this product is very bad , i don't recommed to buy , i chose it rating because the kids is break quicky .
even though it looks good , it fits much looser than i expected . i decided not to use it after all .
too expensive for the contentsonly include answers for few questions and not include the last two chapters' questions
i simply could not relate to this book , a reaction which may or may not reflect an adequate idea .
just read the reviews to determine for yourself which are real users and which are trying to sell the product .
not really a christmas song . does not give any type of holiday feelings . very poor generic song .
i suppose for the price its okay . it looks rich in the picture but not soin reality . it is cheap
did not work , faulty equipment corsair vengeance wireless . gaming headset ca na purchases did not meet my standards disappointed
i have taken it two days only , it's broken ! broken ! what can i do ? i was so disppoint with this one !
too short , great graphics , and hook up begin , for all dc fans .
good for reading but horrible for playing games . if i had known this , i would not have purchased the paperwhite .
cheap and not to comfortable cheap cheap cheap cheap and not worth the money . go with other not this thing .
these were much too big than expected . i needed to get at least two sizes smaller than my actual size .
absolutely useless . i have learned more from being in class for an hour than this whole book taught me total
they don't stay charged
i swear this is the crime ! the worst product in the western hemisphere . never , never buy this piece of garbage .
not stable in comcast south floridarebooting itself every hours . works very fast when connected but very unreliable .
very poorly made . half of the stitching missed the seam . had to essentially throw it away . disappointed in this flag for sure .
too short for any depth . perhaps it ought to have been free !
these ended up being a bigger stud then prefer to wear . i did not realize they were this big unfortunately .
this lens takes absolutely awful pictures every single one is blurry even after focusing several times returning the item now
terrible . slides all over the keyboard and just plain useless . its frosted not clear . i would definitely not recommend this .
didn't work with my cell phone , in able to par it and give it as gift to some body else
not what i expected at all . not your typical fly guy story . too many big words for a starting reader ,
my sister didn't appreciate the gesture but the book looked as promised and next time i'll find something more wanted .
kindle was working great until i downloaded this game for my son . now it freezes constantly and is very buggy .
this app hasn't been updated since the winter olympics . don't download it .
it was alright . glad i could watch it for free on amazon rather than paying for it , even at redbox .
i wear a large in all scrub brands . this large is two sizes to big and has no shape . disappointed
it is nothing like the original website . not what we expected . the games included in this version are not fun .
very bad quality . it lasted minutes and then started falling in parts . didn't like it at all ! ! !
no resistance , poorly made . it is useless for any kind of workout pertaining to pilates . i do not recommend it .
looks perfect in picture , when sent could not fit donkey ass . do not recommend this part to no one . they suck .
i received the book but there was no cassette with it , not sure why this happened . my son was disappointed .
this top was a big disappointment . it's way too big , is an unflattering style and the fabric is poor quality .
although this may be free , it is definitely not worth your time . this does not work for videos or youtube .
too flimsy tried to tighten the bulb and the base broke off . nice idea terrible execution waste of money dont buy .
a one person cast . there were a few good moments but not a movie i would watch twice or purchase .
i got cell phone screen protectors instead of a screen protector for my kid leap pad ultra . waste of money
i purchased this for my year old daughter . she played it some , and then lost complete interest in it .
tried it for a week . didn't even feel anything different after taking it . wasn't worth it sorry to say . thanks
just another false hope
don't . fit my phone are and are too small my phone is a lg p so my phone are to large
this is not dependable apparently spades maybe loose like other reviews . works and then doesn't work . sam's club purchase and hardly used .
great
kinda dumb not inspirational like i expected . characters not likeable . story too exagerated . people getting that excited did not seem reasonable .
it broke shortly after buying it . you get what you pay for , i guess .
disturbing and sad . why would anyone want to read s book that dud not make them feel good and happy .
quality is not that good and wheel cover was broken when arrived . other than that product looks ok ok .
i ordered pair of these ear buds . when they got here , five of the didn't work in one ear .
one of the connecting ends was partially intermittent . you can shake it and make the signal go in and out .
no mention of sensitivity in description . i gave it to my husband . no feedback from him , yet .
very sad . came broken . not worth the money to send it back . i guess you get what you pay for !
dumb storyline .
it was good for being freebut i will not bye it soo oooo oooo oooo oooo . oooo oooo yea
rough , poor workmanship , poor quality . do not buy it and you will regret . never seen such crab ! they are very bad !
bought this and i couldn't get it to work . star .
not what i was expecting . i would look at something different . they're a small flimzy and poor qaulity china garbage
didn't work
would have worked great if magnet was stronger . there is no doubt that the first bump would knock it lose .
bought this for my daughter , but gets tangled and is impossible to untangle . not sure how that could be improved however .
too drawn out . there wasn't enough action while waiting to get to the point . i got bored for a while .
sounds like a great book the sample was good and informative but where's the kindle edition ? we need the ebook !
neither of the cartridges was recognized by my printer . total garbage . cannot recommend these cartridges . not much more to say .
i been used fot the first time i discovered i had a hole the psnts in the legsso disappointed
i love everything except the way they fit . it cuts into the side of my head and is rather painful .
sticky pad doesn't hold the phone . the phone flies off the holster every time you turn . very , very poor design .
was labeled sales sample . not sealed , not boxed .
a historical novel that began well , with a little insight into culture and time , but and soon drifted into romance .
i love bad horror movies . but this is not bad in a good way . it just sucks .
pillow was hard as a rock and i returned it !
they will only hold a charge for to hours , which means having to change this twice a day .
this book is not for programmer who needs more exlanationthey tried to explain everything in shot .
quite working in less thn weeks . very disappointed in the product , seems they could improve on it a lot .
this product didn't fit my vacuum tight enough . this causes dust to leak out while vacuuming . i wouldn't buy another .
too simplistic .
i really wanted to like this book , but it fell flat . i couldn't get into it at all . boring .
it did not download at all . i am dissapointed in this app . would like to have it . can you help ?
this bra is terrible ! it cut me and left a permanent scar . don't buy ! i am returning this thing asap !
this so called book is a rip off . poorly written , poorly organized , no useable graphics or pictures , a total waste . don't buy !
the rubber binding on one of the bowls came off and its a bugger trying to put back on , j denney
this product smelled old . just terrible . nice scam as you cannot send liquid back . shame on you !
everything everyone else has said is true . these ink pads are dry as a bone . 'wish i could return it .
digital concepts has tainted their name forever . this is nothing more than trash . run away ! run away ! run away ! run away !
it is very poor quality , the size is not for american bed size . too bad , cost too much to return .
did not mask the traffic noise enough for us . machine did work properly , just not good enough for light sleepers .
bought this hoping to keep couches looking neat they constantly fall off , bunch up never stay in place waste of money
i have used this electric kettle product times in a week , but stop working after months of use .
i haven't receive it yet ! whet is it gonna arrive it's been almost a whole month , i'm very very disappointed !
this package does not include x . adapter for honda's acura's . paperweight .
within mins of using this set , two of the punches had already broken . very cheap quality , not worth it .
did not get the charger , nor the sd card . if advertising for all the products then i expect all products .
size didn't meet my expectations . length is too small for my child . plastic is hard as well . thank you !
can't get it to even charge my nexus like it said it was for would like to return it
should have read other reviewer . these are real shells !
this series is costing me way too much money . i loved the plot , but this needs to get wrapped up .
this game stinls its not worth the money and i never want to play it or hear of it again
didn't even work . you couldn't do anything and the instructions were help . horrible game and deleted it . poorly designed game .
its a useless app that never connects to the server . i tried several times but no luck . dnt intall it .
this is just so so . does not fit the height of my high heels . not great but not awful . hmm
icon this is bad and works not at all don't even bother getting this app h's hshsbzh jsjaka hsj h
very cheap material . the straps broke after first use . don't fill our landfills with this junk .
tough to buy this device without specs . there's also a typo i would guess this is a hp compressor .
it's a scavenger hunt . pointless . no sense . boring . waste of time . forget it . somebody phoned this one in . no good .
i just bought . lbs of on creatine powder and it expired more then months ago . pretty ridiculous
please see my review on the martex egyptian washcloths , burgundy .
didnt like it due to metal residue that is coming out . kitchenaid should look into this main concern of many .
did not do a thing to help my dogs systems after almost weeks ! too expensive to purchase yet again .
the most boring book i have ever been duped into buying !
purchased for my car , wasn't worth my time . these are poorly made and did not last . will not buy again .
my daughter is not a fan of this simple and boring game that lacks on the graphics . definitely no good .
very disappointed in this product . definitely not up to par of the former life's little instruction calendars .
i only used one and it bleed on the page
worthless piece of junk . save your money . i had to give it one star because there wasn't a lower rating .
it is for a kindle , not a kindle fire and took quite awhile to arriveotherwise it is a nice set
the controller doesnt work very well and doesnt vibrate correctly . seems to be like someone dropped it .
like many others reviewers have said , these will break at the zip lock seal . thank goodness for amazon return police
returned
i bought this drive with great expectation , but it died at installation . don't waste your money on this big drive .
parts did not fit together worse then ikea instrution bought one put together already paying double was worth the price
neither sexy or exercise .
broken , didn't have the chance to try it because battery connector missing , seems cheaply made . we will be returning this product .
quite boring . this book could be condensed by half and been a better read . too much uninteresting and unnecessary verbiage .
it was ok i just wish the jokes wouldn't repeat themselves . but some of the jokes were good . low rating
do not get that hot , pins are difficult to use , rollers are heavy and do not stay in fine thin hair .
the plastic that this is made out of turned out to be too hard to execute what it was advertising
they fit but didn't fit the description on the add had to return . bad they where not blue jeans
until i got this e mail , i had no idea you sold me an old version of norton version . .
too many commercials there were commercials in a row more than regular tv on demand has only one commercial
floating icing really ? plus you cant costimize your toppings . i would give this stars if i could . i hate it .
it will not conect to my tablet it is useless
cheap and blurry , but what i expected for the price . does mount easilybuy metal or glass for clear visibility
cooler leaks . cannot figure out if the stitching or material has a hole in it . only used it twice .
too much of a research book . not my kind of reading . the material is good . didn't care for the book
i found this uninteresting and tasteless . not sure what else there is to say about it . not a good read .
these are not typical of hockey balls we've purchased in the past . they are too soft to stick handle with .
cause my phone to have a horrible echo .
we , too , had few complaints about this oven until it completely stopped working after having it for about a year .
wrost phone ever ! cheap key pad needs to be larger and rised also hard to grip phone because its slippery .
barely works , camera freaks out . doesn't show battery sometimes , doesn't turn on some times . you get what you pay for .
sorry but i don't like the lavender and chamomile isn't for me .
requires batteries v that lasts shortget the ones that require double a batteriesand just last week , it stopped working
the usb side split open . cheaply made . shouldn't expect much since it is cheap . i don't recommend buying this item .
this is a really bad product . it was not usable for shaving . i completely regretted purchasing it .
doesn't really sharpen well . i can never get a really sharp blade with this sharpening rod . there must be better .
just wasted my money buying this product . it does not fit your standard key sizes and the smaller keys .
a very weak blow dryer the attachment came broken . doesn't get hot so hair takes longer to blow dry .
they run small an real narrow .
this product , to be blunt , does not work . it leaves a sticky residue on but takes nothing off . keep plucking !
don't ! do not ! do not buy this ! biggest piece of junk ever ! you can find better t the dollar store !
good booki loved this book it is one of my favoritesgreat book one of my favourite books i love it !
my kid purchased two of these on fruit ninja . i don't like that would not reverse order !
i'll say it again . useless . the training books from alias wavefront are far better .
you have to pay to play after a few levels just to keep going . a rip off in my opinion
bleeds out when tattooing are maybe it's the one operating . i don't think so but you can follow the advise
no is not universal false advertise do not by it bad quilty small look like its fake don't by it
kind of fragmented but entertaining enough . lots of back story needs to come to the forefront before this makes sense
this cardigan was sized very bad , the sleeves are very tight , even with nothing worn underneath it
thought it was more like salmon color its kind of rusty not too pretty on
muy pobre el contenido , muy pobre el estilo literario , desde las primeras frases termina uno sin inter eacute s en el libro
slows down the android processor from my experience , it does its job however so i guess you can't really complain .
not a real otterbox clip even when the picture shows an otterbox one
would have been great for baking or making ice cream , as most of the mints were smashed beyond all recognition .
stopped working after a few minutes and would not come back on . this unit looked to be used . chinese junk !
i fail to see the point .
the perfume is very weak . doesn't last at all . must have been old . disappointed !
i thought i couldn't go wrong with orange flavor , but i was mistaken ! this has no orange flavor at all .
did not fit my dell inspiron as it states it would ! this was not even a close match , look elsewhere .
merchandise was defected . it overheated when charging . smelled like fire also was melting . i really needed a charger like this
never get itit is not fun and it is for babies and it takes a long time to download
this item worked fine for two weeks and then died . am returning for full refund
this game is retarded ! angrybirds is so much better . not worth the space on my kindle fire ! its so boring !
used one time backpacking . burned food . couldn't clean at home without ruining non stick coating . now in trash . waste of money .
didn't work for my son , he took them for a month , no change in his skin . sucks bad advertising , don't buy .
i bought and neither of them work for my ipod touch generation . no bother to send it back .
the book is a cheap quality . the illustrations are very average . i wouldn't recommed this book . i was highly disappointed .
cheap . buy the better sportsman pocket chain saw
mine is kind of stiff , doesn't open and close completely , poor quality .
maybe i missed something . waste of money , i thought it would at least be a plug in and go mic , but nope !
brady books , what book glue do you use ? nothing like having pages fall out of my book , many many pages !
the one star is not for the music that is great , it's probably for the manufacturer the record was warped .
very cheap . had i known the quality of this product , i would not have purchased . waste of time and money .
this faucet looks cheap . i ended up returning and am looking for a faucet that will work in our rv .
i don't care for the cup . it's too big and not very practical
i just realized the book text was crossed out and replaced with hand written inappropriate language text in spots . very disappointed .
typical cat stories no real cohesiveness between chapters .
i am actually sending these back , they were not true to size , they run very small .
not really enjoying this game . too hard to know how to play this game or i just know how to
tastes terrible . i love their southwest seasoning but this one is so bad im returning it to walmart . very bad .
not a good choice for a rottweiler . not at all durable , she had it torn up in minutes or less .
the same size of different shoes same brand are of different size . sou i dont like it . no me gusta
i chose this rate because it teach little child bad thing and they r not suppose to know that now
i could not get phone covert to lock tightly onto my phone , one corner was not even close to locking touching .
it's tiny not pen sized . i've had better ones
cords hold up good , but they stopped charging not long after i got them .
not really impressed with the item . gives my skin a dry appearence . think i expected more from oil of olay .
i bought this item and can't believe my eyes ! on the picture it looks different ! size runs smaller ! looks cheep !
this product does not stick to the cornhole board and started to come off after games .
i bought the bluetooth headphone for husband and after three weeks the push to talk button fell off . very disappointed !
the product was delivered fast . however , it is not working with my laptop or tv although its appearance is nice .
tarnished after day
did nothing for my hair , it left it all eky . didn't like the smell to much either . .
mario party is dead . it died with mario party two on n . just let it rest in peace .
entirely too small for practical use . easily lost and difficult to handle . no warning as to products limitations . bad deal .
one didn't work when i received it . one quit after a week . and one quit the week after . really disappointed .
after only a few months the leather ? around the closing part is wearing out
not a reality , not a documentary , poor realization a little bit of editing to make it lees bad not good
this map only shows a small fraction of phoenix , much less the phoenix metro area . it is pathetic and useless .
too much violence , sex , drug use , and cursing , would not recommend to anyone .
no bass .
see all the one star reviews ? ! ? ! read those im too lazy to ns them ditto
didn't pick up any emergency channels in our area . the free scanner app on my iphone works way better . disappointed !
cheap
why are there only two colors and very few sizes for those colors . ?
feels like a cheap chinese product
this didn't really fit the plumbing vent installed on my rv .
picture was a little off shoe was not what i expected and it runs a small . got item on time .
most of the batteries were old and out of power .
wow . what a load . read it as a novel or alternative history speculation . save your money . ugh .
tried to use with shure srh headphones , made music sound really tinny . guess you get what you pay for .
to small , cheaply made .
it breaks very easily . this usb cable is the worst cable ever ! i hate it ! ! ! !
not too great
not what l expected . it is so loose that it cannot just compress anything . highly disappointed .
poor acting from most of the characters . would not recommend it to anyone . i just did not enjoy the movie .
it's okfirst one was much better than this one . hope the kids love it ! anyway , good
the book arrived in very poor condition . the book was defeated in the corners . further that bent the book cover .
the size is way too large and didn't want to waste the time sending it back . wasn't worth the purchase .
there should be sounds or some sort of activity while playing this , would certainly make it more fun . otherwise , booooring !
settled her down for a while , but it didn't last .
it never works . i got it a few weeks ago and i have only been able to play in twice .
i am surprised that the author chose to highlight negative situations knowing full well that the families will be hurt .
imagine oily milk that tastes like a banana runt . my curiosity was satisfied , and i will never purchase this again .
wont go passed second page my son is a little bummed , it would have been good if we could read it !
convoluted
it good sting if you only want three lenths of string . but i would get some of henrys yellow string .
sorry it turns out black not impressed pretty chessy n should be clear black at the bottom follow directions dunno
one of the cd's wouldn't play . i know it's only one but i don't have the whole bible now . disappointed .
i bought this item with one day guaranteed delivery and did not show on the promised date !
loss of suction . does not work well at all . not sure what problem is . not sure if good quality material .
worked for about weeks and quit . too low priced to bother returning . hit the trash can .
do not install driver for the ide controllers from the cd . the system is very unstable .
was not that thrilled . it just didn't leave you wanting more . just couldn't get that much into it . wouldn't recommend .
the roller ball doesn't work guess you get what you pay for very cheaply made
too small , not comfortable at all . i will not buy trotters again that's all i have to say good bye
low in calories but the taste is a little off . not really like real lemonade but kinda okay .
when rating this product , basically the old saying comes to play you get what you pay for enough said
after months of emails to this vendor without one response , i have lost my money and never received the merchandise .
it was another illustrated man version book a much older one
i ordered foder's pocket london and received a general fodor's great britain guide not at all what i wanted .
junk
the case broke the side button on my phone , everthing else worked well .
got it as a gift . it started rust within months . piece of crap . kitchenaid shame on you . pure garbage
to much to track in a book can just go online and create a health profile .
i had to return this item because it did not have enough ports to connect all my device to it .
broke after not that much use , would be great for very simple tasks only
its been firever havent recived my item they told me to wait i been waiting and nothing im very disappointed !
this product is useless and not as advertised . don't waste your money . i woud not recommend this product to anyone .
i ended up giving it away . the colors are very dull , not bright at all . its a harder material also .
this game does not work it sucks and has virus worst game ever in the history of the world sucks
i didn't get anywhere in the game , and it didn't hold my interest . i would consider another game or app .
time of my life i will not get back spent on this . total wast of my time . pass it by .
like missing a ball here and there . the rubber is good , with cheap bearings like such , it lowers its quality drastically .
some recommendations were ok but this advice was too drastic . i did not expect to be advised to go vegan .
didnt fit crown vic
cheap . is cheap . handle n shoulder strap broke w in a week . a big waste of money . sorry i bought it .
don't work well
this book can be difficult to follow and much of the setup information is old .
does not have udated price guide for the past years . need more recent years of price guides and photos .
awkward fit , tight and loose in all the wrong places .
buy another brand this sucks . very disappointing . won't ever buy this brand again . etc , etc , etc , etc , etc , etc .
the bow to my hello kitty case has already fallen off ! i didn't even have the case a full week
not useful , it is not working , it is very badrubber tip is not workingit is small not space consuming . ok
fake
book badly beat up . highlighted extensively much scribble in the margins . not worth , next time i will buy new .
doesn't hold hats at all . awful design . don't be fooled . save your money ! not even worth . let alone ! junk !
i'll give it stars for the excellent animation but other than that it was just horrible .
just intereing enough to keep at it . very dumb ending
is not a real waterproof case ! . case is also so big , therefore increase the size of yor phone a lot
couldn't go past chapter . just not my cup of tea style and plot wise . expected some thing else entirely .
fresh fruits and vegatables are always healthy . coffee enemas are dangerous !
didn't work !
packaging is terrible ! dvd cases cheaply constructed and the collection box is very flimsy . so far the movies are good productions !
id you put a gun to my head and said buy these or die , i would say , shoot me .
to technical . get to the meat of buddhas and how to implement .
did not do a thing done waste your money
who the heck downloaded this because it was not me . get off my phone grandma you stupid haggard hasbeen ! !
the links were to small for my wrist and having a hard time finding a store to add links sad
this app wouldn't work on my kindle fire . waste of . i echo the one star reviews i should have read .
had no idea it was in japanese with subtitles and a little different story line . weak . etc etc etc etc blah
ever thin plastic . this will only be used one night so it's ok
the one piece that i needed was dried out . not happy . don't waste your money .
one fell apart after a week the hello one
screen protector does not stay on the phone . used the pieces until they were gone . will not order again .
it is comfortable , but if you have reasonably serious grinding issues , you will destroy this within a few weeks .
too slow moving repetitive school kids . narrator was very dull and it didn't really cover what it said it did .
the keys are very flexible . they kept bending on me . this is my second pair that i've had to order .
not very usefull , dont woork
cheap
an extremely hyped show . i saw it on tv recently and found it boring . as , i believe you will too .
this item did not fit the base correctly , it was too loose . i was not able to charge my camera .
not a whitney or a mariah . not even close . just another jojo . sounds just like all the others . blah .
cant really rate or decide to buy a cd with so little info .
there was an opening at the end of the tube , which made it difficult to squeeze what i needed .
this phone broke after weeks . the thing just couldn't take the continual usage required of an item like this .
not that good rather get the real spawn series then this . great for kids though not for adults was disappointed
nice case but the strap isn't long enough and squeezes my arm . needs longer strap . this wouldn't fit a guy
opks good , i would recommend . hpts had indents evaps on every single one of them . it mustve been a bad batch .
i thought i could use this book for part of my winter unit . it really is not a mitten book .
nice graphics and setting but this kind of game really needs controller support like nvidia shield's or gametel or hid .
this film is mildly scary , but the plot is ill conceived . the characters do not have realistic responses to the events .
waste of money , too small , specifications should have been given as to the height , price should be a lot less .
true to size but after walking for mins my feet turn red and sores really bad . not comfortable at all !
this product worked somewhat , it is hard to use . hard to put on and feels tight when worn .
this item was very poorly welded from the factory such that it wobbled and was unuseable .
this book has no interest for someone interested in decorating . very boring , not enough photos . a real vanity book .
the list price on alba's website is . but on amazon the list price is listed at . .
don't buy ! it worked fine until the audio stopped working just a week after the day warranty period expired .
i thought it was going to be at least a normal size book and plush toy , not so small !
picture shows a display on the unit . unit did not come with a display . the picture is deceptive . promptly ordered a return .
thought it was decent until i realized it was the source of several push ads coming to my phone daily !
the book is very generic and does not get into depth enough . i would not recommend this book .
very low absortion of water , but it can use , for that price look another one , is a good paper for pencil .
sucked . sucked and then some , hated it . yuk . stupid childishi find it hard to beleive that this gam emauses anyone .
i have a toshiba satellite laptop and this charger does not work at all , won't stay connected . waste of money !
i order audiobooks this one said audio but it was cassettes . had to return and try to reorder audio book !
the content is good , but it's too theoretical . it does not give practical instructions on how to actually teach spelling .
the show doesn't really go anywhere . no answers to any of the storylines . not worth it .
i didn't like it as much as the other games that are similar to it . not the game for me .
piece of worthless junk . does not fire up properly plus it is ineffective . total waste of money .
leads you to believe that this is a dinosaur fighting game when it is just a memory match game . very disappointed !
compass too hard to work , thermometer never right
waste of money , so much hype and the item does not even curve your appite . will not purchase ever again
there are not the originals songs , they are cover versions of the songs , poorly copied and recorded . very disappointing .
this is the first book i have read by this author . i found it predictable and jumpy . hated the title .
snorrrrrrrrrrrrrring ! song selection poor . where is the adventure . wast of talent .
doesn't show temperature correctly . doesn't stand or hang easily . don't be fooled by oxo's good reputation . do not buy this !
to be honest i hated ! to big ! i would like to change ! i like tommy watches but this one was terrible !
not happy . can't get the apps i want . like netflix . that's all i really . needed it foe while work . sorry
it works but i'm a little embarassed to show it off because it looks cheap , feels cheap , and cheap . cheap cheap .
the conditon of this book is less than what was stated in the write up on the info page listing .
i would have liked more photos and more food plants to be shown in the book . was not informative enough'
these popsicles are huge kid can never finish them also , i've broken the sticks rendering several of the moulds useless .
horrible fitting
lame
i didn't like the case i thought it was a little to red for my liking but it was ok
material used for straps is very uncomfortable . velcro closure used to fasten straps cuts into the shoulder areas . item returned .
the dvd sent was in the korean language , to disvcover this the seals had to be opened therefore not retunable .
these are awful it states they strip wires at once but it has a hard time stripping wire .
twihards should never be published . and who edited this ? many spelling mistakes and a few words that didn't even belong .
it didn't come close to expectations , but someone might like it . i'll order something a bit more rugged and larger .
some tennis lessons and sessions with dr . ruth would have helped mr . howard as a youngster .
much too tight for comfort even though i fell within measurement guidelines .
i would need to see a lot more movies that i have no intention of seeing to play this game
cheep looking too big not at all what i was expecting wouldnt buy it again or give it to anyone !
the buttons do not come out as far as expected and falls apart the nd day owned cheap ass case
this is just a bunch of things you don't really need . save your money and just buy what you'll use .
no tri star sticker on my dirty ball maybe it's real maybe not . shipped on time and received on time .
this is junk , dont waste your money . it makes the coffee spill all over the place . did i say junk ?
i would like to buy a story book , but it is a school teacher material .
this product was very difficult to assemble without proper tools . quite poor quality . i would not recommend buying this item .
no grip on a wood floor after three days use ! save your money , this product sucks ! junk , crap , useless , disappointing !
i was not impressed with the equality or variety of accessories that came with this pack . not worth the price .
it was broken on the side of the case when i first opened it i was very mad and upset
gimmick for therapeutic purposes . great for thick hair .
the stand was not sturdy enough to hold a concert folder . would be fine for a single sheet of music .
melts with the heat needs to be reviewed , especially gm . l enginesdoes not last longa nice daythank you
it's just wrapped with plastic paper . it's not aligned . cheap presentation . not recommended . you can get better ones from ikea
cute design but i have to return it b c one side of the top cover would stay on the pone .
crystals were falling off within a few days . otherwise super cute .
it's not what i thought it would be . i just didn't like it . but others may .
for many of the genius listed there was very little or no insight as to why they were genius . disappointing .
it s to small and looke like old the color is very bad not good to wear bad material ty
this game sucks donkey d k . i beat the level in one hour and now game total waste . i play multiplayer .
cheap plastic snaps
naive story
cashier spent a lot of time punching in the as the card did not swipe . would not buy again .
trash .
yuk .
did not work for me as i had hoped . chanel selection is very limited due to digital coverage . returned it .
cute , but no padding ! had i known that , i would have selected another . well , not the best purchase , but cute !
too skinny ! they look like womens ! gonna donate them to a local place .
i hated this game , downloaded it and no guidelines how to play , not very user friendly game . wouldn't waste the time
these batteries are super cheap , but they don't last long and they leak battery acid .
never got the product , must have been delivered to an incorrect address . got a full refund .
i did not think the reviews matched . characters were not well developed and felt it was more porn then storyline .
it fine but very small . i was expecting something much bigger . it is an okay product but still using it .
what more can be said ? simple to use , but reliability does not bode well for reducing stress .
used to connect video audio from laptop to tv . worked first time i connected and then video quit working .
there is no flash feature on this camera and the pictures are really fuzzy . it has a very limited use .
good quality vest , but too small . i ordered medium but ran very small . was not able to return the product .
what the hell is going on in this movie , nothing like i remember in the book . i wouldn't watch it
itt did not work for me . i don't know why ? maybe it will work for you . i sure hope so . by
it was ok , it just seemed like it had too many adds popping up . otherwise , it was nice . .
need to be a phone repair person to use these or an apple expert very involved to replace these lenses
awful , burning and uncomfortable sensation . my husband hated it . never buy this .
it lasted a few hours before the windshield popped out on one side . snapped off glued in peg in the body .
they need to be clear that this is a pocket size edition of the notary book . not worth the money
fits totally wrong
they came damaged . leather from was ripped and cracked . not the amalfi brand i know . very disappointed . had to return .
did not like it . wasnt any challenge . dont waste your pc space on this game . didnt care for the visual .
. is like u . s or euro . i returned it for refund . it is made in china
the game didn't work at all . my brother was very disappointed with the game when i gave it to him .
it crashed the second day i had it . it made me mad . i hope other people that had bought this was happy .
useless and waste of . disposable blades are better and cheaper with less skin abrasion .
huge gabriel fan . poor book . i was just told i need fifteen more words . i thought i summed it up .
leaks horribly ! it is the spigot , not the seal between the glass and spigot . do not purchase ! waste of money .
the paper was good in terms of quality . but the dimensions are not very practical . most windows are bigger than that
flimsy , it wont stay in place . looked good at first but the little velcro strips just don't keep it in place
the rechargeable battery dies less than a day after charging it , with no use in between . went into the trash .
i expected something different , so my review is a little bit forced by this delusion . practically i installed and uninstalled .
does not have google play or google on it to get netflix ! can't watch movies very bad product
i purchased this it was counterfeit ! i'm extremely annoyed to now have to go thru the hassle of returning !
nothing special , nothing that would encourage me to keep playing . bounce , bounce , die , start over , rinse and repeat . no thanks .
it was terrible . fell apart in less than a week . i am sorry i wasted my money on this product
it was supposed to be an xmas gift . i will have to get my son something else now . blah blah
this app registered as a virus and my virus protection app reccomended i delete it . did not use even once .
this book lacked passion there was no chemistry between the macbethsthe subject could have been so interesting but was not
phil could offer so much . instead all we get is his self promotion .
good brand and loud when it turns on , it has lots of statics and at times it doesn't turn on
for that much money , i'll come to your home , cook you dinner , and lip sync every motown song ever written .
bought for daughter to store backup vast music library . within two weeks the drive crashed . not happy ! will try wd next .
i bought the same size i always wear . they were way too small . i returned them . wont order again . sorry .
i don't know what to call this , but it is not an atlas . i really would like my money back .
i was unhappy that it did not work for our newer motorola smart phones . i returned this item for refund .
i thought this was an app that u could make a skin and download it to minecraftnope . horrid app
the case itself is a real hassle it blocks the mic and speakers not worth the time also blocks camera
the quietly of product less than my expectations and the size is very small not suitable for adage hi lighted .
really sucks characters stupid can't even pick a girl till u unlock levels and i just think it's stupid .
i though i was ordering a simple backpack caypack . this thing has too many bells and jingles .
it was an easy read and short . it would have been nice to see more of who the character were .
not interested in the shack . i have read lots of negative comments about it . i ordered it for a friend .
bought , were gray , the other two were a felt like material , horrible size difference , overall bad experience . notafinga !
too strong . i used years ago . its not the same . i will not purchase again . the formula must have changed .
i ordered the triped one , but send me the other . i was so disappointed at it . any way , the shirt really large enough
this doesn't improve you're tv reception . i would not buy it again and suggest you don't either . i'm returning mine .
very disappointed . my appetite didn't decrease as said . i have migraine when i take it . very awful . waste of money
it freezes all the time when i am about to play zombies which is why i bought it . very disappointed
real funny keep watching over and over again ! lmao . how she wacked that baby's head too funny . must see peeps
i was very unhappy with this chi . it is definitely not for long hair . extremely time consuming . waste of .
the decal is spelt incorrectly ! it says alway instead of always . absolutely ridiculous . do not purchase . complete and utter garbage .
this seems to be a waste of time and money , there is no difference in lucy's poor ears at all .
the bottles is look big but small
all these seem to say the same thing . not much meat to the dialog .
not what i expected . you have to buy most of the content .
it does not keep time . sometimes is fast and sometimes slow .
i purchased this lantern as a christmas gift for a friend . it does not work at all . i am very dissapointed !
it was okay for me . not the best , not the worst . i will read more from her though . thank you .
great product but you can buy this exact same product at target on line or in store for . ! i did !
ok story . not terribly captivating though . easy read . saw the end coming very early on . wouldn't recommend or read again .
great story , not enough character development . pathetic length for the price . i won't be buying anything else in this series .
this cd was not up to par with the rest of their cd's . it lacked something .
not very good quality rubber , smells a lot . not worth the hassle to return , threw in the trash last week .
i've tried to return it , but the transaction doesn't show up in my amazon history ? very frustrated , weird but true .
going to seed it back
book was so poor i could not finish it . pretty ridiculous . and no story line . of interest . i hated it .
i would not recommend this movie . it was a complete waste of time . spend your time enjoying another movie . thanks
it broke already it won't charge geshhh not even a week . i guesss whatever m byean this s suckksss oh well
doesn't even work ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! lol thats what you get when you pay bucksdo not buy this . please you will die . jk
this is a poor jurassic park wanna be . the only thing thrilling about it is the cover design .
charger stopped working weeks after purchasing it . i purchase phone accessories on a regular basis . won't purchase anything again
this does not have any holder to hold the phone . the phone will slide down the cover . returned this product .
very boring . glad it was free . needed to be longer . it had too many missed details for a short story .
boots wont stay up on my legs . crouching down continuously . cant wear and enjoy them , because they wont stay up . not happy !
came with no packaging and was sold as new , no paperwork and came in a different color than shown .
it broke within the first month of use , splitting across the back of the hard plastic part . quite a disappointment .
our family has repeatedly chosen oster products across the years for quality , performance and overall reliability . controls are easily manageable .
didn't hold my children's attention . slow pace boring for them . they are and . probably better for older children .
genius is spelled well genius . i would love to buy this shirt after they fix the spelling error .
i don't like it because it is boring . kids who are , , or would like it . but not me .
i would not recommend this product . bought two , neither lock correctly , they don't stay , no matter where you place them .
they are much smaller than what i expected . i was very disappointed . but they are very nice quality and pretty .
visors were scrached and they are not aerodynamic . they make quite a bit of noise when you crack the windows .
i would not recommend for tiny ears . the sound is poor .
the workbook without the prior publication , understanding by design by mctighe and wiggins , is useless .
i sent this item back . it was expensive and didn't even work properly . i was very disappointed in this item
it broke after a month . i only used it times . it also used batteries really quickly too . so disappointed !
fits poorly and cheap material . it's good for throwing on around the house , but i would never wear outside sadly .
it has been almost weeks and i still have not received my book . don't buy from this person .
this thing is junk , it doesn't even cut my hair , it just shreds layers of skin off of my face .
this adapter did not work , sent it back and just spent the money on the real apple version . don't buy
after applying it dilligently daily , there is no apparent difference on me . maybe it worked for others . this is dissappointing ,
it's an okay game but if you don't do the quests they won't let you go to the next level
as the other buyers mentioned . the film is unwatchable . i've requested a credit . i never learn about reading the reviews . sigh .
i love this game , but a ford video ad in the ad free version i paid money for is unacceptable .
the upper portion was sadly too short for my high arches . sent them back back to my alegrias i go .
it was cheap looking but it served the purpose it was needed for
iididn't really like it . way too messy and hard to clean up .
looses connection after every hrs . the whole set up including router needs to be restarted for it to function again .
so poorly written the plot especially the ending is ridiculous i am surprised this book got published . oh my god
its a piece of junk can not even put your finger in the trigger i want to return it
ordered the polyester polo but received a cotton polo shirt . will be returning item and request the original order .
this nexcare basal digital thermometer , only has digits instead of digits . actual basal thermometers have digits .
it'd be cool if the bottle of conditioner was sent with the top on next time .
book contains incorrect characters . so how can u trust that all of them are correct ?
couldn't watch till end . do not like movies that are all shown thru camera . lighting is bad , etc . not recommended
a sweet story ruined by kinky spanking , and suppositories . i should have read the review first .
very disappointeddoes not have sleep wake function as stated . my battery kept draining because of this . returned the case .
very weak , same old marketing ideas . nothing new . u can find the same info in dozens of older books for pennies .
the straps broke within times of setting the hammock up . would not suggest them to anyone
same comments as above . very disppointed ! why would you place something of this poor quality on this website ? very overpriced !
falls apart and can't use buttons on phone if you put this on very cheaply made don't bother . not good .
work like it should . click to drop of parcels and doesnt do anything so have to replay level many a time , very frustrating
dont waste your money ! this is garbage . instructions stink and this unit won't last mark my words ! junk junk junk
lid does not seal properly . handle on lid broke off . even washing by hand the top of the glass broke
my only gripe is that it didn't whistle . i gave it to a friend whe didn't care if it did .
much smaller than described .
top doesn't fit ! the container is unbalanced so top falls off . very disappointing . looked cute but no just good .
despite the name mel bay band in a book bluegrass vocals , there are no vocal parts in this book .
i did not like this item . they were way way way toooooo small !
my pinky is bigger than this . no lcd screen , horrible mp , can't believe disney would allow their name on it
i do not remember down loading this book so i really do not have anything to say about it . sorry
i strongly advice not to read this book , if you want to read a consistent novel .
this was a hard game to figure out , maybe you need to be a professional slots player . i deleted it .
the holster they sent me was too large for the beretta it was to fit . sent it back for refund .
just does not taste good to me . i just do not like vanilla taste . its not product its the taste
the instruction booklet is all written in japanese its not worth buying itand look like the product is cheap quality
one of the worst tweezer i ever bought . couldn't pluck out a single hair . gave up after min . completely useless .
this printer cable does not work with an imac running leopard and an hp m printer .
don't bother with this ap . just go t the ravens web page . it'smore informative a lot easier to navigate
memory foam extremely thin . cushioning effect virtually non existent .
these batteries seem to be good for about recharge cycles . after that the're worthless
takes one to know one , huh al .
battery lost its charge faster than the one it was replacing . do not buy .
i couldn't even download them to my kindle it would just say that it was seconds longstupid stupid app
never worked . terrible product
doesnt look the same , theres no guard . dont stick your hand in there thats for sure
they are too thin
i had to read it for eng . i have more words . oh darn what do i put this hard
battery life is abysmal . its basically not a cordless since it needs to be charged all the time .
oreck vacuum cleaner bags . the worst . i didn't realize because they were generic they were like paper . yuk , yuk , yuk .
it lets you play the tutorial , then crashes . re installed several times to no avail . then , i gave up on it .
supposed to be ankle socks but they barley get over your heels and my shoe size is a . not good
it only work for a period of time and then the blades stop . will not recommend to anyone . second one .
i bought the first two seasons but refuse to buy this one due to the price . i won't fund greed .
fits well , scratchy fabric .
no plot line . need i say more ? do not , under any circumstances , read this book !
the size large is about the size of an american size small . i would not recommend this dress to anyone .
colors are muddy and my printer refuses to recognize it .
as far as i can tell , silverfish don't find these particularly interesting , so i don't think they'll work .
this tiny map has only major road and cities . very little detail . not worth ordering .
this movie was the singularly worst movie experience i've ever had in my life . the plot and acting were retarded
so it's hard to work with and i had to undo the work i'd done and re do with a replacement .
confusing plot , awful writing . stopped reading at page couldn't continue . save yourself the trouble and read elsewhere . burn it .
the pants didn't fit . i won't buy pants online anymore . i found pants similar to what i wanted at wal mart .
not about anything all they do is kiss . not something i want to read
only stays frozen for about hours . it's nice that it is flexible but doesn't work for all day use
both cables have stopped working after a month . advertised as a reconditioned product , but is just a generic knock off .
this is an awful vacuum and is a waste of money
thought it would be more durable . very thin and easily to rip .
it broke after a couple weeks of use . right when you first put it in it says charger not compatible
it resizes the photos without imput from the person who took the pictures ! not cool by any means . not impressed .
xxxxxxxxxxxxx does not work with kindle fire xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx x x x x x x x x x x
sucks ! randomly reseted . lost all personal stuff . don't buy . don't buy . waste of money . don't get . get a better tablet
disappointed because did not come with screws and did not find right size at my hardware store . did not use .
it arrived much smaller than what i was expecting , but seems to cook fairly evenly .
broken during shipment . i would have requested another but it is out of stock , i will try to re order later
they need to be more specific on what cars or trucks the product fit . also , better instructions would be appreciated .
it only kept a charge for maybe weeks and is now useless ! was a waste of money and time !
made cheap and i can not hardly see with it . i would not recommend this to any one at all .
these filters are useless . biorb aquariums may be cool looking but they are poorly designed and always foul .
there is no softness to it . it cuts , hurts severly if you even try to move up or down
product returned
not much too say . i'll just break it down . story action
sprinkling head did not fit . we had to put an old one on it . junk .
seen this in walmart for bucks , who would pay , crazy ! nice markup .
i have to say i bought this simply because of the hype in the advertising . really did nothing for me .
the bag is damage on the first day of use . its zipper broke immediately . is made with shoddy materials ! baaaaaad !
i expected a more dance related video this was not and their was more talking than movement .
no other words for this movie other than awful !
so skinny . not like the picture . i wanted a beautiful fluffy tree . i got a skelton of a tree instead .
couldn't get installed without bubbles , going to order a glass one
too much contravention and make believe for me . the truth would be better .
the butterflies are very small and the material start breaking apart as soon as they came out of the box
the writing was all over the place . very difficult to follow the plot or plots .
baby does not suck her bottle and has trouble crawling , but on sale it is a cute toy .
definitely need to order a size up . i wouldn't recommend buying this dress though because it is completely see through !
mounting brackets were not welded properly and came off . i had to reweld them . i would not recommend this poduct
the book contained nothing a high school student would not know . a complete rip off .
this game played well , but it was not sized correctly for my tablet . i cut of the bottom inches .
post broke off the first time i wore them ! very poorly made posts not straight . would not buy these .
i didn't like so much because it looks too cheap . like some that you would get out of gum machine .
this glove got pale after some time . wierdly . i think it might be oxidized by the oxygen in the air .
downloaded played for five minutes and hated it . a little too complicated which made it not fun to play
very cheap product . the material is weak and they fell apart several times without being dropped . would never buy again !
ordered chicken and sweet potato got these instead . dogs ate them but didnt like them as much as chicken ones
it distorted the picture and was smaller that i wanted . i ordered a different brand and it works great . thanksbob
they all arrived broken and my son was so excited and looking forward to getting them for his halloween costume .
way too heavy for me . i have muscle nerve issues . this was too much .
this book serves no useful purpose ! no ! no ! no ! no ! no ! no ! noiii i can't say enough no ! no ! no !
nope it'll be worse than manson in it will be hillary !
the top plastic was broken . i contacted coffeeduck but have not had any word back fron them as of .
three of the figures were broken and the creche was worn through the paint and showed the cheap particle board .
enjoyed reading . not as intense as i thought it was going to be . a really quick reading book for gloomy afternoon !
was a little disappointed , but still a fan .
the dvd did not work in my player . the replacement dvd did not work either .
i ordered black received white
don't waste your money way too big
very cheaply made , does not open tall can and some small cans , useless . would not buy another one ever again
it fell apart the second day i had it cheap product i thought i was getting a deal but fail
icky , hard , do not taste good , disappointing , may be very old , may be very stale , not good tasting , yuck , yucky
ok but not very interesting so uninstalled it .
this book was worse off than i was led to believe . binding was really bad , had to be taped .
i asked for burgundy and got brown . only the straps were burgundy . the wallet felt kinda cheap . not worth it .
this doesn't work . junk . cheap junk . dog does what we wants . just looks at me funny when i press it .
the print is too hard to read . i have bought a different product that better serves my needs . thank you .
rafaella slacks too small . purchased this size from department store and they fit perfectly . don't know why this may be .
not as expected
i feel sad that this is considered a romance novel . it's poorly written and slutty .
total garbage . arrived and wouldn't power on or hold a charge . i would not buy this product .
too loud
ok evert time i listen to a song i don't know how to play it again . i song like it .
doesn't hold a charge long
almost a sample free
sheets became rough after the first washing . i was very disappointed with them , and i bought two sets . never again .
save your money for something else . playing a game with my kids would have been a better use of time .
cheap cheap cheap not worth it . put bad cost not worth invest it's a ripoff . would send it back . poor quality material
the product description indicates original packaging , but it was obvious that someone had used the product on a prior occasion .
i already have a bootie and it fits well but this one was too wide in the heal . i'm bumbed .
didn't work . waste of money . i attempted to use this as a remote for my d , but it didn't work .
my phone did not fit . it was very small . guess i should have check out the dimesions better before ordering .
the front control panel was not properly attached . quality seemed very poor on this unit . returned after opening the box .
the tv stopped getting a signal from the system after hours of use . this has got to be a joke .
much cheaper looking than i expected . i will never wear them , but not worth the trouble to send them back .
this item is not as pictured it was a kit for hardwiring . i need a kit for instant lighting .
the product itself is really nice but is not useful for treating a baby for medical pouposes . safe the money !
it cute but not for me i give it to my friend
my dog does not like it . tried many times . still can't do it . i don't know what else to do
better to save your money and just deal with the fleas . the effect will be just the same .
not fine enough to grab hair to tweeze eyebrows . fine for splinters i assume , not what i was looking for .
the sling is heavy duty , however , the attaching system does not work well . i will likely never use this sling .
feather was not perfect , damage bent plum and bent stem not happy i thought i was buying a perfect feather .
tore the first time i used it . no liner . this is no better than a black heavy duty garbage bag .
i have compared it with another lumen lantern and it is not as bright . i would not recommend it .
for the past several months , on kindle and android , it's missed monthly messages and only updates every few months . disappointing . david
its not want i throught it was sorry for the rate i wish i can get my money back sorry
good to be used as wireless remote shutter instead of optical remote . bad flash does not sync with camera .
leaked threw in a couple hrs . same problem with my road toad jacket . could be a defective batch . buy at own risk
the size of shoes match , visual is normal too , but it is not leather ! it's very sad and diapointed me .
stopped working after a while suddenly . returning the merchandise back soon again .
a real waste of money as my birds pecked it apart in a very short time . looks nice but won't last
purchased it one year ago and almost to the day it just stopped working . not worth the money i spent .
i hate it , it's flimsy doesn't protect my phone well at all ! it's so thin it looks cheap !
to complicated to program . instructions are not detailed . if you are a novis forget it , find something more basic . don't waste your money
the adapter i got did not even function . not worth the time and effort to try to get it replaced .
. don't purchase this book . it is vacuous even by the remarkably low standards of this author and this series .
i love the color in the picture but this is not the way it really looks . so very sad
size chart is off this one was way too small
unfortunately , like some other reviewers , neither of my cats will eat these treats so they did not work for us .
when i got it , it was broken so that means i spent my money and cant use my stuff
the only thing this stuff sticks to is itself ! save your money and buy some dollar store duct tape instead .
wears out and peeling . nice look but doesnt last
the footbed is very incomfortable . it jabs into the arch of my foot . need to return them . i dont like them .
this is my second steve berry novel . the first was templar legacy which ifelt was mediocre . alexandria link is positively dreadful !
big , big , biiiig dissapointment . i wish the author just ended the series , maybe in the previous book .
this program does not play personal video downloaded to my kindle , a quick time video . program does not recognize the video .
cheap case , wasn't even for the phone i ordered it for . it says desire g , but it still doesn't fit .
the movie had some funny parts but it was not really worth the few bucks i spent on renting it
does not work . a waste of money !
gum was rock hard stale , stale , stale .
not so hot , just crappy toilet paper , too much money for over rated over priced hype .
fell apart after months . not made very well ast all .
should've just bought a sheet . doesn't fit . looks horrible . probably just going to get rid of chair . is black .
the battery does not work , no body help to solve the problem . no help care , . . , . , . , . ,
it has been over a month since i ordered this book and still have not recieved it .
it does have necessary information but not the kind you cant find easier in ann application in your smart phone
there is no quality control on this product . i had to replace it every few months .
it broke about one week after having it .
the product came without directions . the screen didn't work right . i ended up ordering another after this one failed me .
replaced sluggish battery in spre . replacement battery just lasts minutes . this did not help . i would not recommend this product .
i used this product for one month and i have seen no hair growth in my eyebrows .
it was a lot smaller than i thought it would be . i would have liked it to be a little bigger .
not the finest game but it can teach others to make eggs so born tho omg omg becky
worked great for a while but after about a month , it stopped working . price was good , but quality was not .
really like that i have it on my kindle but i am not really impressed with the recipes it contains .
i love mental floss's books . this is the worst of the bunch . mindless facts in no order
my daughter who is got to play with this times before it broke would not recommend to anyone
it werked fir mebla , bla bla . this app suks eye can alredy spel phine donut nede ann app fir dis
very excited when i first got product , after days of using it , it completely stopped working out of nowhere . waste of money
not at all what i had expected . kinda disappointed overall . honestly was just a waste of money on my part .
it's too small for me and it difficute for change
markings on this beaker came off . not worth for extra money just because of the handle . disappointing
where is it ? lost in space ?
this book raped my father and gave a sex change operation to my mother . why ? why would someone make this ?
not what i expected , slightly interesting .
read fine print does not include the frabic just the frame . picture shows camplete bimini top and frame very misleading .
cute but really not big enough . too tight at the top . the lace kind of disappears because it's so tight .
very dangerous item , no problems with this one , great for peanuts and such , but could be harmful if steam released
it did not play , kept on shutting down . just took off device . just glad that i did not pay for it .
i hate the plastic replacement screen . way too much pulp gets i the juice . this is so annoying to me .
standard recipes by device . not one i would buy . re gifting asap . . .
charger does not work . does not charge my computer . want to return it after hours of trying to charge it .
camera is off by degrees countercockwise , no matter how you rotate itmight be good if this was fixed
but no comparison to the later version . i was surprised to see so much of the dialog the same .
this product is not as great as my other one . the battery suck ! in not happy with it at all .
way to big
i choose this rating because it was left un finished at the zipper had to hand sew myself . poorly made .
just stuck bulbs in a plastic bag . most were broken . don't waste your time with this place . i returned immediately .
i can't believe this great film has not been giventhe widescreen treatment it , and we , deserve . some extraswould be nice too .
look at other reviews for sylvania products . i had to break openthe dvd player to return the rented dvd .
the operative thought is bitter . nuance ? there is a salty background . this was a one time purchase . folger's is even better .
these blew all my lights so i trashed them no wonder they were so cheap . dont buy these !
i think the quality is there , but it really doesn't add much loft and you can barely tell it's there .
you would think your bicycles were mounted on a metronome the way this rack sways back and forth . zero stars .
junk do not buy this was a big waste of money . it does not work
this game reezeed a lot . and it is vary hard to play . this is a big dissapontmit .
this product is not user friendly or intuitive . good job at making a timer that is difficult to figure out .
is this dvd to be video as well as audio ? the one i recieved is a audio only is this correct
not as expected
rough casting , bad details , very heavy , bad packaging . very badly made in china .
these scumbags frigging rip people off . doesnt work . might as well spend money on a new charger for twice the price .
pages dark and the pictures look like they are photocopied . . i returned it . doesn't look quality . it was disappointing
because it was broken when it arrived and never worked . because it never worked , ever . nobody , it would be wrong to recommend .
doesn't fit as expected . since the fit doesn't match , you can get caught on the edge of the screen protector .
i don't like this game that much because you can only play against the computer and not with other people .
not a book for me . it was a book club choice . it didn't interest me in the least . nuff said .
a truly magical charming book . good setting , interesting haracters , great action . looking forward to more of the sophisticated cat . lovely .
the story is lacking . the actress is not young enough to play a teenager .
rather boring book with too many names and statistics . it took too long to get to the main subject . sorry .
. this is the last game i ended up buying , and tried to play , with the crappy steam .
stopped dispensing the propper amount of food after one month . total junk , don't waste your money
why would anyone watch this when the original cracker series with robbie coltrane is available ! dont waste your time !
too small for the pc no place for the battery or any cables it does feet into dlc with difficulty
not at all happy with this cd . if you really want to hear michael , buy this is it .
once is put together the tv stand wabbles . this is not a stable item , couldn't used it for the tv .
i cannot download this at all , but i am able to download everything else . wasted my money on this one .
this movie is a hateful right wing propaganda . authors are using their assumptions to ignite fear and hate . shameful . boring . not worth .
unable to play this would like refund . no use if it does not play when i try to watch it .
the product did not allow enough stability for me to carry my yorkie securely . therefore , i do not use it .
asorbic acid , which is contained in this juice , is just another word for high fructose corn syrup aka junk gmo's .
i thought it would change colors blue white , but all it does is blink ! too much money for what you get .
my tablet speakers which stink were louder than this thing
not very happy with item . guess i got what i pd for . hook broke the first time i tried one .
very small
somebody was bored , they should have saved their money on making this movie . ugh . two funny people who really disappointed .
got benches , materials and workmanship is low grade , should have tried one before got others .
cheap cheap cheap . does not charge my samsung mega phone at all . dont waste your money people . tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk tisk
the book was to boring . couldn't keep my attention . had to force myself to read the book .
extremely shallow and incomplete game . pure disappointment and not worth . poor excuse for a game respawn , shame on you .
product worked at first then after about days it just stoped charging . waste of money .
this book is no good , waste of time , booring , who cares , never should have been written . zero star
it's so slow ! the musings of a single mother on a tortuous , slow drive taking days . i can't finish it .
not what was expected . less of a history and more like a brochure . my dad ordered this expecting something else .
well i give them credit for putting a common sense business ideal in a book and making money on it .
too much talking , boring actors , not something that holds children's interest . i should have never bought this .
i think there could have been a bit more specifics about the how to's for the sexual part of it .
pros i don't see anythingcons too sweet small , very expensive . won't stay long . fail this time .
it hurts your nose , really , read the reviews , you will waste your money . its up to you !
nice designe but cheaply manufacturered . there is no strain relief on the the cabe so it does not last long .
while this isn't troublesome or poorly made , my partner found it too short and thin to be of much use .
put piping hot food in at am , but by am it is not even remotely warm . returned it .
not what i thought they would smell like . smell like bad walmart perfume sickeningly flowery and overpowering . i do not recommend . yuck !
it is very slow and has flare , particularly when using flash . i sacrifice the zomm and use f . instead .
the book was boring . the doright man need to get right
walden farms' zero calorie peanut spread is a chemical slurry that's barely fit for industrial lubrication let alone human consumption .
came with a giant rip in the seam !
i tried this in all three modes , nothing worked . would have rated no stars but it wouldn't let me .
great while it lasted , unfortunately it only lasted a few days and then gave up completely .
if you took away the brilliance and added karate , you'd have this movie . it was nothing like the traditional character .
extremely thin !
they sent me the wrong team but i had to use it as it was for my son's party . disappointed !
it works but thats about the only good thing bout it , its really faded
don't buy
i didn't see any difference in reception through my antennae on my cell phone . great price , good deal , not happy
didn't work !
sooooooo boring i deleted it from my device an hour after downloading it !
didn't fit and was damaged
the box says pm pm battery says well not fit do not order rounded bottem
i could not play it since it won't work on american players , my bad for not reading the fine print
very slow book !
the colors ended up being to dark for me . it didn't look that dark in the picture . nothing was damaged .
it came completely dirty and gross . wish i could get my money back and then some . disgusting and cheaply made .
when u play against the computer it cheatsdoesn't take a move when it will benefit youdon't waste a download
i , personally , was disappointed with this book . the style of its writing was too disconnected for my tastes .
worked great for times . all three of my cats loved it . then it quit working . don't waste your money .
lazy attempt at something , took the naturalism too far , with bad actresses . kudos for making the film , but nah , no !
the cable does not work it is a wast of money dont wast yours or your time on this junk .
very much a girl movie in the context but slow going and predictable . great actors saved the movie for me
these are very flimsy , the flowers detach very easily . they look cute , my daughters lost interest after a few days .
straw small it makes a mess nearly every time we use this . i don't like this product by playtex
the shoes were falling apart in a week of use . i would not reccomend them .
the phone is terrible . it lasted one week and broke . i would tell anyone not to but it , go elsewhere .
opening too short front to back
when i received the watch , it doesn't work , the chronometer doesn't work . the buttons do not operate the chronograph timers
don't waste your money . cheap plastic object didn't work . got no refund . i am pretty ticked off . you've been warned .
i did not see mention on amazon that this version of the autobiography was aimed at children .
i would love to return this too . but i don't have the original paper work . can not rate this item
the hinge on this wallet broke after being opened and closed just a few times . i would not recommend it .
not the coverage i expected gave it away
fun for the first few pairs , then i got bored with it . removed it from my device . not for me .
it was very cheaply made and put together the fit was loose and unflattering definitely not worth .
great looking shades but the temples are way short . the lenses and bridge are fine . wished i had known better .
don't get broke my vent just by taking it off . its also not sturdy . maybe another car .
buyer beware ! photo shows a green flower . what arrived was a white flower !
i was expecting something completely differ net . because of that i didn't even try to finish . itgood lick to all
it stinkslike poopi hate itsoo muchyou probably don't want to read itit stinks and it sucks
this item sucks , it's like wet unmanageable glogs or sticky crap . i recommend not wasting your money on this item
i was disappointed on receiving cd to learn it was a quot live recording england not same as studio quality was expecting .
could never access copy . home and garden has always been a favorite magazine of mine . it would have been nice .
bad quality .
the image is different from the original product because the product is extremely small .
the quality was less than what i was expecting . colors were definitely not as bright as shown in the picture .
did not fit my phone , was two wide and two long , return for refund
didn't like it . not enough power and had to refill to often .
very small i expected it to be larger i thought it had a drawer . my year old loves it .
i ordered this and it arrived broken and was very poorly packed . a disappointment would be putting it lightly .
i tried it , but it really doesn't help to get rid of wax . i don't think i will try this again
book two was to short for what it cost . i enjoy the storyline and characters , but it's not enough reading .
if you have a king sized pillow these work great . way too big for a queen . quality was nice though
thought it was acdc , not a tribute band . it sucks . . . . . . . . . . .
not worth the price . needs to be glued as wings are difficult to fit in the grooves .
not for saltwater fishing
the product did not operate successfully . i could not return it for satisfactory conclusion . i'm out . i don't recommend .
it didn't even last a month . totally wasted of money and it was a gift for my boyfriend , i was so embarrass !
it was not possible to set the alarm on this clock accurately . completely useless alarm clock that looks very pretty .
not cute , a complete waste of money . i am sorry that i wasted my money on this . x x x
this is not an actual review of the book . thought this was a rock climbing guide . it's not haha d
thought this was goling to be another awesome action filled movie . but , had me dozing off the first mins .
pretty dull . brief tie in to world war hulk , but other than that it's like watching ncis with super powers .
bought for htc one , didn't even fit correctly . liked the color , but what good is it if it doesn't work
the pants is new but it is old stock as you can see it been kept for a few years
this only worked well for about month . after that the connection just stops and starts . it is totally unreliable .
it was not what i wanted and i thought it would be something different . not good quality and too small
i got fed up waiting for the eagle to land , frankly ! the story was drawn out too long for me
very hard to put on my iphone . waste of money ! do not buy . kept on getting marks on my phone .
not of the same quality as earlier echo models . tone is tiny and irritating . what happened to honer ? too bad .
idid not care for her voice but i bought it for my sister who loves that kind of signig maybe
positively one of the worst movies i have ever paid to see ! don't waste your money or your time ! bad ! bad ! bad !
one broke the first time i wore it . haven't wanted to depend on the other one so haven't tried it .
tiresome telling of author's adventures in sicily . not at all useful as a guidebook for tourists to this fabulous isle .
didn't help me at all , saffron extract helped me much better then this product ever did . i hope this helps
i love this app , but the recent update is messing it up . other than that , great app definitely get it .
not what i thought it would be
given free on android amazon . does not work on my nexus . it crashes . what more can i say ? needs compatibility identifier .
stopped working the de time i used it on my laptop . got of my money back though . do not recommend .
is crap ! doesn't change well and sounds like it's going to break every time i sue it ! no good bl
cookies would have been good , but they were stale . even reheating didn't help . ended up throwing most of them away .
initially worked great , but that's no longer the case . the cable works fine still , but the power supply stopped working .
its a ok movie , i didn't like it , i was expecting more action movie then alot of exrotic sex , some sex scene .
this slide lasted only days before a huge hole burst open . i returned it to amazon for a refund
cant read the led on the face .
returned the earrings . they were much smaller than expected . not able to comment on quality as earrings were too small !
this was hard to cancel . i canceled my old subscription which had expired and the new one came through automaticaly !
although si cwan found his sister , this book was not that great
doesn't work on linux or on the raspberry pi .
maybe i should have realized that these were smaller puzzles , not sunday size , but didn't . did like the spiral aspect .
process is difficult and messy to apply to hair . unfortunately it also did not cover gray hair as was advertised
temp isn't right
this necklace literally fell apart the first time i tried to put it on . piece of garbage !
if you are a christian this book is of no use to you . this book is definitely not worth reading .
received after weeks doa . the idea of the product and advertised features are good but the reality is a dissapointment .
this item says class but its work like class so if u want speed dont buy this one
the cover is ok but the standing position with the light touch it fails down . bad design for the cover
purchased of these to hold my ammo and came broken latches , would definitely stay away from this case .
this is not as advertised . it is a slip on only . however the fit and finish is very nice . and it performs well
cheap staff not reliable don't buy it . i got one recently at that day and broken at that day , terrible
like everything else we have tried , this product works no better ! time to call in the professionals , i'm guessing geez !
either nds or counterfeit . labels , sizing print mismatched .
don't waste your money ! used only once and the mixer broke ! so dissapointed in rubbermaid ! a trusted name until now !
not the sort of story i read , for some reason i expected something chinese ? i never read the blurb properly
so small it would t have fit a year old . i went by measurements and everything what a hassle !
very cheaply made .
i had the original bulb for over years and this one burned out months after i installed it .
this cd sucks , i wouldn't suggest this album to jay z himself , this is a bunch of crap , don't buy it .
not the best tasting chocolates . they taste old and they probably are ! you dont taste much alcohol either . never again
i enjoyed the story , the plot but found it a little to explicit . nothing left to the imagination .
not very good . many useless and bad quality pictures . no formulas . , very short explanations . definitively not an 'academic' book .
would not turn on properly , and when it did decide to turn on , it would randomly disconnect on its own .
when i received it , i was suprised it was so small . it didnt last very long . about weeks maybe
this stick on keys did not last weeks , the letters were worn off on most .
this belt clip was not expensive and worth it . i broke after one week of use .
just listen to the cd it will provide a better experience because then you can use your imagination . just sayin'
it crashed after only a couple of months . neither my laptop nor my desktop recognize it anymore .
cheap plastic did not sit right on vise grips and broke after or snaps . save your money !
he has used the n word in my presence , not to mention other slurs against jews .
the machine lasted weeks and now won't fill . if anyone has a solution for this , please let me know .
don't watch abc much . should not have ordered it .
i didn't like this cookbook . have given it to goodwill and hoping someone there will want it .
i never intended to get a kindle edition . i don't have a kindle . i couldn't figure out how to cancel .
can not rate this product untill i receve the the product and get a chance to use the openers .
i did like the color fuchsia but i was not to happy with the clip bow . the vest fit good .
just did not work for me , heel pain was the same or worse . but seems like good product well made
very small and tiny in size . the picture decieves you !
batman the dark knight costume belt childmy child was disappointed no working parts .
adult flick with a weak plot . very typical movie of women behind bars . not a film for anyone under .
the guitar sounded ok when i first got it and then gradually the sound became tinny , it sounded aufill .
i had to read some of this for school . this guy . i can't stand him . his points are awful .
not what i expected . very dim compared to others out there .
two soup product packages were punctured , allowing dry soup mix to get all over everything upon opening . poor quality control .
it's the dumbest designed cover ever . it covers the the volume and mute buttons . what the hell were they thinking ? !
the first , and , only time i used it , it broke when i tried to close it ! that's all for now .
it looks as cheap as it is . it is not cordless . it's hard to hear .
there's no real advantage over a vintage toaster oven . besides , it's noisy . as always , it takes too long .
this book was dissapointing . the pictures were ordinary and it didn't have enough receipes . i would not recommend this one
robe has horrible smell . has been washed three times and still stinks . color is ok but too smelly to wear .
cheap and they just break , went through two of them . not so rugged at all .
this book seemed politically written . the quot right quot word took center stage over the substance .
according to gamo's website , this is not a lead free product . i feel that the product description is very misleading .
you need a wifi connection for this program . i would rather download a week of the prayers than do that .
i bought this boots for my wife , and when she tried them on , the zipper broke .
i was excited to read this book but ended up disappointed in it . i believe in eating whole not processed foods
seller was great . product is for junior high kids . my college kids thought it stupid . the adults get bored quickly .
blew away after first windy day . total garbage and thats where it went .
the book is geared towards a teen audience . i was expecting it to be for adults .
broke very shortly and sound quality is not the best . i was very displeased to find this . do not buy .
if i had paid for this i would have been mad
i purchased the backpack for my middle school son . the bottom of the bag broke and was unfixable . terrible quality .
i didn't like it at all . i think it is more for kids . i am really not into many games
fell apart
these pads are soaking wet and they fall apart when you take them out . i will not get them again .
scissors were just like they look . they wouldnt cut wet newspaper , i am very disapointed . i would not buy this product
the material is so thin that is see through . the bottom hem is uneven and the neck hole is too big .
you sent replacements both do not work .
horrible ! it caused my hair to come out in bundles ! i will never use again . i would suggest you run !
this flick was not bad bad but it wasn't one to jump off the roof for !
doesn't stay charge for more than hrs the connecting to a phone call not gd
i thought it would be bigger , and i didn't know they measure it from the outside .
it was missing the metal ball and the screws to be able to put it together . it was very disappointing .
very cheap materialvery cheap lookingnot polarizedi hate it , i want my moneybacki better eat junk food
i have enjoyed numerology for over years . i found this particular arrangement , hard to understand . it was interesting , though .
a little shorter than i expected but the quality is decent enough for what i need it for .
these shoes were on back order and i still have not received them
this is a cute and sturdy case , however the zipper broke shortly after purchase ! useless !
cheap and flimsy plastic . cut my hair unevenly .
honestly i believe that it is a good book but boring at some parts . too mch unnecessary details that boring
cant beat the british show .
i like times like these and had it all . the rest are just ok .
totally unoriginal . complete waste of money . i could not finish it . it read like a really bad version of fifty shades !
terrible ending . not a good read through out whole book . i would not recommend at all . a disappointment for sure
i thought it was a bit complicated . i like the computer version of the simms better .
a waste of time . the book tries to be clever but never delivers on the guiding force behind the psychopath .
i followed the directions and it didn't kill any grass ! i would have gotten better results with vinegar !
the house and computer charger had a short in the cords and therefore they would never fully charge the phone .
only worked for days
this cap gave me a headache . way too tight . not worth it . i used it once and threw it away .
this product lasted less than a few months , and then it started to leak . won't be buying this again .
works as a wrench for a ca bullet button , but wouldn't fit the threading for the mag release bolt . bummer .
this is not compatible with tm had to return it . go to the mfr website for more information .
which this listing did not include ! . i was so excited for this product , until i broke out in hives ! . uncool !
so small the kids could not play with them and did not relate them to the size of the train .
sentences simple and short . seemed juvenile . deleted aspen also for same reason . would not recommend to an adult serious reader
could not get it on my kindle fire but enjoying other angry birds . most games are enjoyable signing of now
was hoping they fit my flash better than they did . hard to get them on . color does change a little .
worked for a week . you get what you pay for . don't waste your money on this cheap product . would not recommend it
earrings were nice . other pearls were oddly shaped .
pure junk not worth opening the box . if i would known this was that cheaply built i would never buy it .
the product came without any instructions , i had trouble playing it from the first , and eventually trashed it .
doesn't fit so can't use it
where did books like the chamber go ? something with a little meat on the bones .
these sunglasses look incredible cheap , the sides are transparent , simply tacky . extremely disappointed . i'll never wear them just a waste .
do not buy this itemso cheapyou will not want to put your newborn in it
is not really good
thats not ture , i never listen to the music , how cani review then ,
i couldn't watch it . omg
come on , the advertisement is enlarged , and it is a lie ! i don't really like this thing at all .
better than stand up , just my opinion . i love or songs , but it still is not stand up
i wrote better prose than this when i was in tenth grade and i'm an accountant
i will return it as i need one to do ipad and iphone at same timedoesn't meet my needs
i ordered this product bait , but instead received matrix biolage styling blue agave smoothing shine milk . oz switch . they are different .
i ordered this product and it never arrived . very , very poor performance .
anyone who can defend rounding up americans without due process isn't an american . the woman is a facist , neo con shill .
i could not down load nothing on it . it would not even come up on my computer . very dis happy
you'll be lucky if they work for a few months and then just a throw away . i won't be buying anymore .
if you have ever poped ypur own zits then this game will be hard . very hard to pop any zits
too predictable
interesting but dry old fashioned documentary . minutes long .
does not dissolve . leaves a terrible after taste in mouth . no flavor liquid can disguise the distase of this product .
item does not fit standard water bottles . missing adaptor needed to be operational . this item is useless .
i requested this as a gift for my esp ltd m fm . the guitar is too long for the universal case .
does not play music in your car , not at all what i was expecting . paid too much for it anyway
i didn't like it , that much . also , it was much too expensive . it does not look good the material is not good
the fabric looks a cheap prom dress , i wish i had invested a little more money in a nicer fabric .
junk , junk , junk thats all i can say about this product , very cheap made and only half of this clock works .
waste of money .
didn't really work with mine . took a long time to load , even under different wifi connections . i just deleted it .
did not like this book . was not a pleasant read . sorry sorry i would not recomend this book . thats it .
bernard goldberg's views are so right wing it makes my computer screen tilt
glasses broke , plastic frame around lenses too thinno t worth anmything abetter made pair woudbe great need to be stronger
i really had a hard time staying interested . i'm probably not going to try any other books by thisauthor .
the title says it all . loads , but does not work as it should . will probably work ok on a phone .
software wouldn't load digital signature , microsoft issue ? i don't know . i worked for days trying to install , finally returned it !
although informative , the author needs almost pages to say what could have easily been said in well under .
i used it for about a month , i didn't notice any distinguished difference in my attitude , behavior , aura , vibration , etc . fail !
dont buy this useless piece of junk ! better off if you buy one in the swatmeet
not what i expected from danielle steel , i was dissapointed
this app is very innaproprite for childern and also does bad stuff to your deviceplease do not get this app !
there was no story and no ending . ugly . it was not nearly a michael connelly book . short story ? very short .
it doesn't work on my car . it just gets spit out by my stereo system idk what's wrong with it
not very well made or constructed . it is cheep looking with the side of black material on each side .
difficult to put on , bottoms on slides hard to move , painful to fingers to try to slide . altogether difficult and unsatisfactory .
couldn't get pass the first pages .
not worth the money or time . very cheap construction . i wish now i would have waited and bought ikea instead .
not that much fun , played it once and never went back . not realistic casino action and reels move too slowly .
this is a version of norton not . you can't go backwards with security . i want a full refund !
too bad product
does not work as advertise watch out . not what you expect . but i guess one gets what they pay for .
the bag is being used and broken the surface is full of scratches i won't buy the things in this shop
not worth the money
like all non x box made plugs , this one barely lasted a month before dying . waste of money ! waste of time !
the powders just flake and it is hard to use . colors are great . wish now it was a cream set
waste of money . not that bright .
this broke after being on for less than a day . not at all recommended . this is a very cheap product
i hats it my sis bates in co my honest opinion is that in is freaky and weird and scathe !
broke the rd time using it . but while it worked , it was fun scaring people !
i thought i was buying seven flourescent colors . nope only got one , it was purple and a waste of money
doesn't fit in every series unit . i thrown it away and got the right one's .
not very cold . i only put beverages in it so far don't trust to put meat in for a while
did not use as my g . i . dr . said that a recent study showed that they do not help .
not a book i would recommend , just too long and drawn out for me . funny in many places and scenes
couldn't wait to get this and the strap broke after a week of use . very dissappointing based upon the wait .
it was low quality . snaps sucked . contacted for return no response . i would not recommend . better stuff out there . ok .
i was disappointed in this author . i prefer books that are not dicey in its contents . fowl language , sex insinuations
the stories were boring , predictable and not developed even for short stories . they were all basically the same plot
loved the way the polish looked so ordered it and got sent a different nail polish than what was ordered .
this story was literally half finished before it gets to the good stuff . usually argus is much better than this .
out of the box this scale did not work . it had to be exchanged for another one . very disappointing .
used it for a couple months and then it stopped recharging . do not recommend .
good design , bad execution . doesn't fit properly in jack . you get what you pay for . don't waste your five bucks .
the paper towel holder was a bad buy . it broke the very second day after i received it . poor quality .
did not like this book to much like all the rest of the book about the sister could have ben
the black tip opened up exposing a hard red ball within in a week of usage . should be made better .
this case is terrible . does not fit right and the side buttons are hard to press with the case on .
thus i have put off purchasing for over a year , waiting for marketing comon sense to intercede on my behalf .
very cheaply made . completely fell apart in less than two weeks .
very cheaply made . very disappointed . did not like . wouldn't recommend . wished i had not wasted my money ! ! ! !
i returned it . too heavy . not big enough
this really has nothing to do with submarines other than the graffics . it's basically just a rip off of frogger .
got a betterer one
waste of money ! don't buy from here . luxury ? you must be kidding me . they lights go dead in minutes .
someone forgot to take acting lessons . good if you are in the mood for some unintended laughter though ! ha
lot of repeat recipes from previous hh books . not original , and still of the same quality of the first two .
did not like the ending . made it all so very unreal .
it didn t work as soon as my son try to play with it , we change bateries and didn t work anyway .
i bought this case for my t mobile sensation g but it discolorates and breaks too easily , please dont buy it
this book is not poorly written , but it's not done in a style that grabs my attention keeps it .
this shirt fit much smaller than expected and material very light weight and see through . very disappointed in the quality !
tons of information but so densely and technically written i can't understand a dang thing .
don't buy these sheets if you're looking for linens that will last longer than a month . fabric softness is decent .
this came broke . the sender didn't ship it properly then wouldn't take it back . waste of freakin' money !
there were no directions . we mounted them to the porch in full sun light . they never worked . threw them away
i should have small one
disappointed because it did not have all the songs on the cd that were on the original vynall album had
i only hadbot for one day when the top part broke off . it felt heavy in your hand and cheaply made
too small to be useful for anything , unless your child is a hamster . an actual hamster . i returned these immediately .
we have had other pull string toys for the pool that lasted for years , this one broke the first day
no phantom blaster dragon only grade s knight of purgatory , skull face x silver spear demon gusion x blaster dark
poor production for such a great band . i watch it and e bayed it
far too much musing about this and that . could barely finish the book . the girls school setting was too very squishy !
seems to work but will not record unless you purchase a sim card which costs more than the camera cost .
it's only a fancy case with a blue led inside . kinda figured that before i bought it but anyway . lol
i didn't care for this blanket . it was too fuzzy . even after washing it several times , it was still shedding .
it is the worst game of my life ! i think it is stupid and it almost killed me ! it stincks !
odd smell , didn't whiten , lighten , or brighten anything after about weeks of use on trouble spots . not buying again .
first i thought i fast forwarded the movie , then i simply turned it off . zero action , a real sleeping pill .
it doesn't have the ratings and those for are not what i think are correct . poor , poor , poor .
hard to follow .
game is cute but there's a hard crash at end of scen i can't get past . still need words .
there's not enough space to plan out moves . once a player completes a box , he pretty much controls the game .
every time i turn on my think pad i get a warning that this is not a guninue lenovo battery .
no don't buy this at all it is so terrible don't even try this app it is really bad terrible
it is long , boring , and pointless . it gets way off point and you're left wondering what is happening in this film .
its not a real comedy . glad it was on prime and idid not waste money . much better choices out there
this was more of a feminist rant than something that really gives an objective perspective of women in the workplace .
you get what you pay for . horrible black rubber which attracts dust , becomes loose in a day or two . worthless !
expected the mat to be lightweight lbs . and no slip . it's in the lb . range and rather slippery .
this humidifier worked for hours , then would not work at all .
it's full of scare tactics and bad information . i liked dr sears' pregnancy book a lot better .
thought i would give pillow a chance . did not achieve my expectations . ads claimed that it help me sleep better .
wow dude , take a writing class . could you repeat yourself more or sound more like a third grader ? holy cow !
the game only gives you part of the picture so you can't really tell what it is suppose to be .
forgettable . would not recommend the book found it a bit trashy . i wouldnt pass it on to my friends . disappointed
this book was recommended to me and found out it was not an enjoyable read for me . long winded and boring .
everything was broke amazon is a rip off i wish there was a way i could get my money back
only shows temp , nothing else . needs to show outlook for the day and future . would not recommend this to others
it has a terrible odor . even after washing . ick . use the cage it goes in , but use blankets for my kitty instead
the wrong phone case . i needed one for a lucid . i searched for lucid but iphone shipped instead .
the battery that i had bought was defective goods that had been manufactured in .
i bought this game for my husband for christmas and was very disappointed . the game is very lame . i returned it .
this as one childish , botched up plot of a movie ! i could write a better script . don't waste your time .
cheap and poor quality .
this eye cream not only didn't do what it claims to , it did the opposite ! creating bags , wrinkles , and puffiness !
i am sooooo disappointed ! first , i was angry then , i was disgusted ! skip this one ! not worth it ! pulling hair !
could not get into this book ! and i read a lot of books made into movies but it just drug .
the color , suede , and lining are nice enough , but size m was more like xs . will have to return gloves .
i have not received the item yet . i can not give it a proper rating until i receive the product .
i have to say that very unfortunately for me i have been dissapointed with the quality of the key chain
these will only last you one week before failing . the internals just don't hold up to general use and handling .
this case sucks i wish i never bought it it smells like s and very cheap rubber fake silicon wannabe
you dont need dis , you just need a wireless uplink which is super easy to create
one port has already stopped working and we've only used it a dozen times . boo .
what's this a new brand of beer ? no information here .
it is a silly game my daughter had downloaded . deleted it within a couple of minutes because it was boring .
its not working a piece is broken off .
this desk mat is a good size but is not a quality product . the corners look lumpy and are raised
if apple makes everthing works as it advertized , then it's worth it .
don't be fooled , this is not jj smith . very deceiving with the similiar covers . disappointed with the book all together .
teeny weeny lame in betweeny . dont buy . too small . not worth the price i paid , that's for damn sure !
game was supposed to play on wii . it will not play on wii .
this did not work on my kindle . i did everything that it said but it still didn't make any difference .
it clogs after three sheep . in order to shred more sheep , you have to feed them in one by one .
owned it a few days and they broke . loved the sound quality !
its actually truly pack , oz each . total is oz , not as per description . had to cancel my order .
it was not acceptable .
most disappointing of rutherfurd's books . found it hard to keep my interest up .
the cd was not new as had been advertised . i felt conned after receiving the item
lamps works perfect a few minutes then part leds of the lamp star to flicker , that is very annoying
broke in months , try getting your money back , it ain't going to happen , i was really disappointed . what junk !
not as good as my expect . cracks on some plank . i do not reccommend this product if you have other choice .
the product did not work . i tried with several different televisions and laptop's , but it still didn't work . avoid buying .
returned due to defect . unable to open battery case . couldn't use it what else can i possibly say about it !
does not fit radio stated
the fitting is not universalsound is not loud or cleardid not meet my expectations of size sound and quality
absolutely unreliable . after two months of usage it broke . now it is unreadable by any computer . it's really loud .
i thought this would be more like the pop it game , but it isn't and it is kind of boring .
all products broke within a week of purchasing . not happy .
felt like it would fall apart quickly and i would not trust it to offer any protection for my phone .
i like my sennheiser px on ear headphones better . they have better bass and fuller sound . not worth the money .
waste of time , kept thinking it was going to get better but it didn't . don't waste your time or money .
a disappointment for the price paid verses the quality and functionality of the headset . did not hold up a month !
it doesn't work .
love love love the gators but gotta purchase a bigger size for my jeep . gotta sport the gators . got team
i found this item to be of incredibly poor quality . after hour of wearing it beads had disappeared .
these do not clamp closed on the laces . useless .
not very clear . did not like it at all . thats alli have to say about it . the end the end
poor quality . was cracked when i got it . every song downloaded will skip the song .
the plot was too far fetched . while there may be some corruption in some police departments , this was too much
i'm little disappointed . it's way too small ! and not comfortable . i ordered them to france and now cannot wear it
doesn't show up on black . color is transparent . . . . threw them out ! would not order again . . .
i bought this and it didn't even fit my phone . i was very upset and i had to send it back .
this candle cannot withstand the heat while being shipped . i bought the candle twice and had to return them . beware !
pros really cheapcons doesn't fit on phone or provide any protection . also , it's really ugly in real life . do not buy .
storyline is a little tired but with a different twist . it's still a pretty clever mystery . i would recommend it .
wad not happy at all ! they were different then the picture and very cheaply made the broke the first day !
this is not a low impact cardio video ! many of the exercises can easily cause injury . i was not happy .
most boring app ever worst app ever don't like it at all i don't know why people play this game
dont like it ! was a waste money i put in my nvidia and the metal fall all the time . crap !
john mccain did not write this book . like everything else about mccain , he lied also about the authorship .
interesting when it focused on alexander's campaigns in afghanistan , not so much the last half talking about coins and whatnot .
the book against the tarot traditions . even the celtic spread is wrong . what a waste of time . i do not recommend it .
this sim card reader didn't work on my mac . i recommend looking for a slightly more expensive sim card reader .
only watched a few minutes until i know it's not for me . that is it . no more to say . yeah .
i was very upset i ordered but was not able to install so don't order this light don't work thanks
mine broke after just a few days of use
the case is fake . i wasn't able to lock an unlock my phone . the volume buttons were hard to push .
all the information in this book is available at each park's website . it easily obtained and probably more current .
both shoes have a slit in the instep after less that wearings . would not recommend unless you like wet feet .
never got a chance to use it . it arrived wrinkled because mailman folded it in mailbox . my money was refunded .
i was very careful with it and it only lasted a week ! worked at first , but then it stopped charging .
i am so embarrassed . i encouraged my book club to read this ! save your time and money very poor .
usb cord is not compatible with my galaxy s will not hook up to phone . unusable ! xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx
there good looking but my boyfriend somehow broke it too fast . blew the speakers . maybe itbwas just him . who knows .
not effective
slow and boring .
we did not care for this cd . it does not sound like a waterfall .
it was not what i expected and was very disappointed . i would not recommend this book to anyone . very boring
these gloves are hard to get on toddler hands . they also do not keep them warm very long when outside .
it's a short story but boring stopped reading it and after the first two chapters
the writer is obsessed with old cars and old music a la the ' 's not a match for me .
good , but no better than ivory or any other gentle soap for my purposes . my experiece is with six bottles .
i think this book is the worst of the saga , anyway it is adictive as the others .
item was doa . returned for credit .
this dvd is blocked in brazil . butgreati love elvis so muchthanks a loti will buy moresincerelyfernanda faria from mg brazil
no story line , waste on time and money . i do not , would not , advise this , just not any good .
i found the first of the book slow but coben ended it in his usual way very good .
some of the anecdotes are interesting , i found overall the book was a featherweight and self aggrandizing .
a big fat u know what . no wonder it was free ! believe the reviews that give this thumbs down .
boring
the sum total of job shop information appears on the front cover . i did not need a general lean book .
anime watcher app is a billion zillion times better . slap your momma good . just f'n download the app a holes . an i'm out
very nice story that can make you reflect on what should be the most important things in life . i recommend !
used it for a few days and did not see any differences . it is not used anymore . kind a waste .
when i recieved the cover it was a lite pink not hot . pink and it had . some of the white rubbed off
i''d like the old solitaire back . please review and agree with me . thank you . i do hope others agree with me .
it kind of dragged along
this is just animals cut out of tissue paper . though it was pretty cheap priced it was also cheaply made .
so many trite stories of very small women . i finally could not continue . maybe just not my kind of story .
big
i tried quite a few things but it just didn't work . i would not recommend anyone to buy this app
i wak alot at work and these shoes will kill your feet . go for another brand . but they are cute
did not charge when i plugged it up . was supposed to be rechargeable otherwise i wouldn't have bought it . womp
dont be fooled , these only work with like machines , doesnt work on most vga ports because of old technology
to slick for the dog to climb up . not a good product . it was a waste of money . bad bad
too many small pieces
yawnnnn . boring , heavy handed sit com . goodman is a great character actor , but this vehicle doesn't use him to his best .
the software is not compatible with . , do not purchase if your are running . !
this app doesnt work so please don't waste your time downloading it only to be frustrated later . it's really disappointing .
auto adjust brightest on the screen sudden bright sudden dim when rolling a page up and down , quite annoying
well , they worked for about a minute , then missing or incorrectly installed message . garbage , as in where these cartridges ended up .
they were sized smaller than i thought they would be . i couldn't get them on my month olds head .
j ust fit perfect
wrong size , but not shipping it all the way to china , after all it only cost ten bucks . lol
can't collect from certain buildings , and when i try it causes the game to black screen . please fix issue . thanks .
items not exactly as advertized . what else do you want me to write ? seven more words ? what if i don't have ?
the plot lines and awkward subplots are not believable . the characters are not natural , the dialogue is all to predictable .
i was sent an m tech knife that was very awesome and sharp but it wasnt the one in the picture
the cd rom would not load properly and had to be returned for credit which amazon honored promptly .
it will cover you cloths with lints . it ruined my mattress , cloth . i am going to return it back
do not buy these online you can get any color of these eyes lips face eyeshadows at target for
didn't work at all , batteries were good . didn't even bother sending it back , just sent it straight to the trash .
the case came broke frome de side
i absolutely hated these pj's . very cheap feeling . not at all what i expected . i sent them back !
b rated , collage type class room prodject . i want my money back . not worth it at all . it was not what i expected .
takes a lot of wading through bad comics to get to the good ones .
i thought with that cast it would be hilarious . instead it was uncomfortable to watch .
mixture of detective and magic and technology and romance . too long and too silly to be good for much .
only works with art universe services . without charter it is of no use to me .
the cover caused my note to flake out so the cover did not work now have a light cover
i do not have this
depressing movie . don't waste your time .
i did not like the way it fit .
it doesn't fit the phone right . the top part will not stay clipped together and the diamonds keep falling off .
batteries are tough to remove , doesn't feel like a good fit . you'll notice the cheap feeling on your controller . meh .
found this same product after purchasing for half the price at walmart . was very disappointed i over payed for it .
i was disappointed in this dictionary it's really not comprehensive enough to be of use .
i had to bought set of this to come up with sata cables s because came uselless .
unfortunately , i received a wrong color item . also , there is no place to put keys . so bad experience with it
the last digit of the year on bottle for the expiration date was removed smudged out completely . this is not acceptable .
no good . i shall return
after reading a couple of the stories , i put it in ''file where it belonged ! junk , junkl junk !
the permissions this game asks for are ridiculous . there's no reason to let a game take over your device . it quot s bizarre .
these stands are not silver in color . they have a dull gray color . the picture is misleading indeed !
i dont recive the case
it is hard to turn off and on , i prefer the disposable durex ones . other than that it feels great .
the inside pockets are useless cause they are too small . i was expecting the purse to be a little larger
i hope you have good teeth , because these have been sitting around awhile . hard as a rock . many thrown away .
interesting story produced to note the viewer to tears . disappointing .
waste of money . you are better off buying the expensive ones than put up with such a piece of crap .
worked great but broke after days
we had to send this safe back it would not open at all . and the key bends very easy .
fit his head , but looked cheap .
very poorly written , i could not finish the book because i was quickly bored by it .
i wouldn't buy it again . it is very cheap and not what i expected . my daughter doesn't like them .
does what i wanted it to do but it gets stuck often . have to use the attached magnet to reset
the leash is too large for a hamster , even a big one . my hamster just wriggled out of it .
the wipes are too thin and slippery , not the best combo if you have a dirty behind to wipe .
this is outdated technology . use your cell phone . i confusedly though this store business cards . not the case .
cannot rate as never used due to that it was not compatible with my device
my zipper broke the first day i got it . i didn't think it would be the color i received either
good
i thought this was going to be a concert . too much talk , travel footage and very little music .
the first time i put this on it fell apart it is however , attractive . also it is hard to open
of these glow sticks barely even glow . cracked several sticks some didn't even glow . very disappointed want money back .
not good smell like something a funeral home , i'll give it away free smh , i waited this long for this crap
started off ok , but just got more long winded . relationships were not fully developed and the ending was very ordinary .
this is poorly written fan fiction based on the hollywood movie . if you enjoy jane austen , skip this book .
trailer for this movie looked decent , but after watching about mins of this movie i thought it was stupid .
it is good design and quality . but ! the grip of too heavy , leather and metal . a bag with you feel tired .
not expecting much but , they are made more cheaply than expected .
this is laugh out loud awful . then you will cry once you realize it's even worse than you thought . highly not recommended .
wrong cable sent , not compatible with my camera . i called customer service to verify , wrong infomation was confirmed .
wasn't on the floor hours and pile has two snags of inches . very disappointed . won't recommend to anyone
stitching around the hardened shell fell apart in an hour . not made well at all . do not waste your money !
plugging into usb power adapter and it will not charge the tablet and its not the adapter as i checked .
worked once and then nothing . doesn't work at all now and it failed at the worst possible time for us .
didn't get this i don't really even like what they sent , i wouldn't but it if i were you
useless for public performance can't stand to listen to it waste of money and time to find buy and suffer
this shoe did not fit properly . i was disappointed . i was looking forward to wearing this shoe to a wedding
get quot unknown app failure quot telling me to reinstall . third time . proprietary format . not staying with the subscription service . droid x .
i didn't like this book . i would not recommend it to others since i found it very difficult to understand .
i have ordered three of this splitter . only one works . i will not order any more . i do not recomended .
this book is a rip off . if yr really curious , borrow it from a gullible friend , don't waste yr money .
sized smaller than regular shoe kid complainsappears to be made cheaplytook a long time to get herecolors are nice
ehe preamp did not work with just plugging in to a turntable . the recorder just barely picked up a sound .
the charger stopped working after the second day , i was completely shocked and disappointed what a waste of my money !
it was not a novel but a novelette and not a very good one . wish i had not purchased this .
just wire your parking brake into the ground and off she goeswaste of money i said waste of money
i was wondering is it really 'm' or just where can i check the correct size on the shoe ?
disappointing and way overpriced though being free wouldn't change the disappointing part . you likely already know what is written here .
i used this a couple of times but didn't seem to like the charge for songs so i deleted it .
i did not like this application
hard to get off my came off backwards
make sure this is the product you want . the cost to return this was of original price plus shipping .
i downloaded and installed this game and then promptly removed it ! no game should require your email to just play !
my canon printer detected the ink cartridge doesn't match and won't run at all . don't buy it . waste of money .
i dumped this one as soon as i opened it . nothing to praise about it and a waste of my time .
to say it is a sophomoric movie is too high praise . if you are beyond middle school age , don't bother .
a lot bigger than i thought it shouldve been for a guy's necklace
i lost my money , simply because this clock is slow . perdi mi dinero , sencillamente porque este reloj se retrasa .
did not fit the cameras purchased , but was suggested as an add on when the camera was placed in the cart .
i wanted the analgyph effect but it was not really noticeable . the movie did not catch our attention . seemed cheesy .
not very strong thread . ok for small projects .
couldn't get interested . too much of same thing happening over and over . bought it mainly for the grandkids not interested .
even though the price is relatively low the product is of very poor quality . would not recommend purchasing this item .
in the title , it should be its social context . that was bothering me .
don't waste ur money the color is very orange ish and application sucks don't bother . and more words rquired
do not buy ! trust this commentonly pictures of zombies thats all ! save the for a better app
hard to follow in the beginning . and to much romance for me . other than that it was a good story .
pretty much worthless .
delete
somehow , the direction of this music failed as the group does not mesh in their harmony . ii would not recommend .
the handle broke off after three weeks . it also has started to rust inside , never seen a lunchbox do that !
i did not like it at all as it souned but i wish it was as good as the ad
will be returning this book . you would think ashley would have re read moth of a flame . guess not !
after two new amp updates amp i can't even install it now , frustrated because i actually love the game !
looks awful and sounds awful on amazon prime . it was worst arnold movie i have seen picture quality wiseavoid
i always wish i never would by diet books , they are all so hard to get into , sorry .
threw in the trash after the first minutes . just was not worth purchasing , not at all ! horrible don't buy
this wand is very stiff and not easily flexed while in use . the little beads also create a pinching hazard .
a sticker
the incense was strong however it smelled neither like cinnamon nor sandalwood ! i was therefore very disappointed in this product .
no bottom strainer under basket and spot weld spots on interior . buy a kraus its made better for less money !
sent a size far too small . color was lighter than the photo . not satisfied at all . wasted my money
requires glue to assemble not included , does not have any sleeves sockets to attach parts together prior to gluing .
into a dirty . this thing is a mess . please order carefully .
the plastic is so hard i couldn't get it on my nose . so i couldn't use them . but the earplugs seem fine
the story line was a little more graphic than i expected . , what was it rated ? but it keep our interest .
if you like your metal rock a little lighter then disturbed and a little heavier then creed .
i received the wrong product but did not notice it until the day prior to the shower .
can not open basic html files or xml files ? as a basic notebook util app , seems to do the job
this book is very bad and it sucks ! a year old could of written this piece of junk book !
lots of fun !
stopped working after a couple of weeks of use . waste of money . definitely don't recommend this product buy something else
worked for a couple days then one of the posts fell out can't get it fixed .
arrived dead . almost didn't charge . mah is as low as the bad battery it was to replace . dont buy !
not what i wanted will be returning item to get a different product . next time should have better pictures . thanx
totally disappointed with this product . not easy to suck liquid from this cup for a toddler . useless for me . waste of money .
the viewing quality hurt my eyes . there were no focus . it's ike a toy mirror . i would not recommend it
i ordered the medium and it feels like an extra small . i'm ' '' pounds with a very average build .
when installing the disc reads that it can not be read . not an expensive purchase but very disappointing . thank you
the description of this hat was false advertising . one of the most unreliable things that i've have purchased on amazon .
this griptape is ok . it comes with most complete skateboards . nothing special . it's gets the job done though .
traditional disney format . heartwarming story , but questionable animal treatment in making of film . animal lovers beware , you may be disturbed .
this game does not work on macs with intel chips . before you buy , check your machine .
volume and microsd slot and camera button do not line up with the case . otherwise i guess it's ok .
i was very excited about this but was disappointed to see the scratches and spots . it was a nice idea .
it took a very long to come , not really soft , but i guess it still gets its job done .
it did not fit the phone right it was not a tight fit the button holes did not match up
most likely it is were i live with the trees that are above my antenna . i will try a few others .
does not work and it pisses me off . this controller is not working and it is really pissing me off
i ordered the wrong item . needed a more protective cover . but the quality is good or a simple cover . pretty
shallow and pointless . some of the commentary was cutting edge . a hundred years ago .
great packaging . went on poorly . too many air bubbles . could not get the air out . threw the package in the trash .
didn't work after several months and wasn't worth sending back for manufacturer to trouble shoot . won't buy this brand again .
i should have listened to the other reviewers . makes the mat constantly power on and off . waste of my money .
waste of money the only thing that came in handy was the ear phones everything else was bull
on potassium sparing hypertension meds , and so cannot take it . the description was inadequate to order it safely . should have had ingredients .
they snapped within a week they were flimsy and the cable malfunctioned a few times bottom line they were terrible .
free was the only good thing about this swill . maybe the coffee was old , but it did not taste good .
its easily break , dissappointed sooooomuch !
didn't do a thing for me , didn't do a thing for me , wasted my time and moneyand interest
somehow , my order was doubled , i was charged twice and ended up with two cases that are the wrong size .
a disappointing item . size large might be for a large child but definitely a very small misses .
i want to like it . but i don't . it just doesn't feel very good on the skin .
im confused drums ? k'machine ? i wanna know what im gettin here lol sounds like everyone but a cpl got drums
disgusting . do not order . steer clear at all costs .
do not waste your money on this cd if you want a good christmas album buy mariah carey's quot merry christmas
i did no tlike it at all it made me very angry wangy because it sounded like pie to me
the privacy protector did not work it did not stick i want a refund
worst product ever . put this on my horse and the little leather hooks snapped right off . i was so disappointed over these
it's beautiful , but way way too small
we need to use this quickly and it is not a simple operation . the lights do not always work correctly .
don't know why it got such good reviews . ok the beginning was interesting . otherwise this was a big disappointment .
this one could have been better great idea for a book , but the story needed some oomph !
total waste of money . not what i thought . the lashes were cheap and wont even glue to your eye . scroll on .
i bought two of these cards . both gave up woking after two photos . i use a nikon d .
i turned a corner and bent the rim . the wheels are a odd size to get replacement wheels .
it keeps slipping right out of my hair .
get to hot boil over
i ordered this product . when it arrived it was not shany cosmetic . its cameo product . so i was very disappointed
listen to m , depeche mode , and new order . hell , even air . this is the most pretentious and dull electro indie i've ever heard .
i need to sign into amazon every time i change the audiobook . not something i like feeling forced to do .
it is a lovely book . however the dog meets a tragic end . it is not for young or sensitive children .
it is almost a month today , i have not yet received the book .
these tops would be great if you didn't feel like you need to gasp for air when you wear them !
this shirt came apart the first day but it was cute
it is free how is it going to work
bought for my parakeet and its not really made for them . more for cockateils and larger birds . made good though !
bricked out of the box . system never turned on . never could get through to sony . huge disappointment . returned to amazon .
this is not a good spray nozzle . there is no force at all !
scam
after a week it quit working . . cheap i want my money back . but i doubt that will happen , ugh
junk
very disappointed with the sizing . a regular width should not be running like a very wide width . they were huge !
design is stolen . don't buy . go buy from the original artist and help by not giving this thief your money .
i got this last week and was surprised that it was purple ! . nothing like the picture ! very disappointed . buyer beware !
it was a good quiz but it was quite a little boring . i definitely wouldn't of paid money for it .
i won't buy it again and will donate the whole box to the food bank .
after using it for awhile it does not hold anymore and slips . i think it does not worth the money .
i ordered an xl , and it was very tight . i wouldn't recommend this unless you are small busted . cheap material .
got bored and tired with hthi qiuckly deleted it off my kindle use fb trivia game now much better
a waist of money , terrible product , is very hard to use and looks very ugly . i hate it so much
i have different sized lenses , but none of them fit nicely in any of the cases . i'll be returning them .
don't waste your money . the recipes are from the old world and the ingredients are weird and hard to find .
curly and girly . it also sheads . looks nothing like the picture other then the fact that its a short wig .
adult size ! not for kids under . please modify ad .
the game freezes in the second round on fight now . to long to load . not worth it at all period .
too simple , like i ate the pie and loved it !
i personally don't care for the flavor this product imparts in food . i prefer coconut and olive oils for cooking .
thought i was ordering japanese gin kasha this did not help
product did not work with mfc j dw would definitely not recommend purchasing this product if you have this model of printer !
wow don't buy this its better to download minecraftminecraft is worth . because its awesome ithis onejust sucks !
cheaply made and does not work properly . wish i would have bought a better name brand . never buying t fal again .
battery was dead without use in less than a week
pure junk ! a towel is thicker . not a rug at all . was very disappointed in this product . total junk beware .
this digital frame is not close to what i expected . not impressed by the look or its performance .
it really was not what i thought it is really is cosmetic not protective was very disapointed very cheaply made
the taste is completely artificial . i had to give the box away since the flavor was off putting to me .
the game stopped working on kindle fire . please fix and i will up the rating . thank you for your support .
corner tore whinin days
there is a narrow fit on the front end of the shoe makes this shoe impossible for walking long distances
it is very small . too small for me .
broke easily after only a short time of use .
it didn't do much of anything different than drugstore products . maybe i ordered in a too light color very dissapointed
this cover s ks . i had to throw it out after a few uses and buy a new one . enough said .
good stylus but it did not come with plastic plug on a cord that fits into the headphone socket . thankyou
in the picture the brand is hitachi , but what i received is toshiba ! also , it doesn't fit my thinkpad t s
delay causes echo . returned . it does not work . not working . what can i say ? could not use this equipment . period .
item did not work . i was very disappointed . i tried to return it but i have not received respond
great for wall street brokers , but a blu collar guy like me needs suspenders that have real grip .
got this for my mom who has hearing problems . the sound quality was terrible when there even was any sound .
because it's different and not like what i want so now it's in my kitchen no one want it .
wireless subwoofer will not connect to main unit . so much for easy set up . very disappointed , will be going back .
i now think very differently about a cancer diagnosis . it is not the death sentence i once thought it was .
all tycoon games are not created equal . do yourself a favor and get zoo tycoon or roller coaster tycoon .
i've had this for a couple weeks now , and it's already starting to come apart at the edges . very disappointing .
this dvd does not star sean bean . it is a musical which is completely in russian english subtitles .
looks cheap and made of plastic . i returned it . do not recommend if you want a desklamp that looks substantial
i installed these bulbs and one blew within a week of use . not the best quality . i'd suggest silverstars instead .
i was not happy with the people i rally want my money back . will not pay from them again
you better have an extremely small recliner . i am not happy with the product cannot recommend it to anyone .
not what i expected , nice picture on the cover , but poor quality paper .
all of these broke , cheap knock offs from china . do not get these
i have a natural marble counter . i cannot tell the difference when using this . will try using a buffing tool .
it was okay . a bit too small and the color was a bit faded .
i returned this pillow due to the fact it was just too big for me , i like a thinner pillow .
this book was so forgettable that i forgot that i had purchased it in february of .
this item does not fit a regular size pan the only ones that can be stacked are very small pans
what can i say ? great idea , but not for left handers . it would be next to impossible to use the notebook .
you can buy fiber tablets that are cheaper and they work .
pretty , flimsy , one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen , and now it's gone .
nice stone , but the sample size is not one x piece , as the description says . they send two x pieces .
hope you're not good at the game , because if you get over a certain score it does nothing but glitch .
this is the second charger i have purchased and the second one to burn out .
this didnt sound like the original song . as soon as i downloaded it i deleted it . find a different version .
very predictable i couldnt wait for the book to endi wont . be reading any other of this authors books
very poor quality product . flaws in finish . latch does not line up , so does not close properly . seems unnecessarily heavy .
it came broken , i was very excited to get it and it ended up broken . i thought it would be better
moderately difficult to charge . full charge lasts less than five minutes . doesnt turn right . always left .
not good for heavy work is too soft i dont like it is only for very simple works ! too slow !
written many years ago . nothing very usefull inside
the color was great but the lids were scratched and not very strong and were very flimsy . not of good quality .
the shirt is not as large as shown in the picture and it came with a damage in the back .
not what i expected . didn't find any quilts that i would like to make . have to look better next time
doodles and our daughters pwd did not really like them . after the immediate newness wore off , they ignored the toy .
this cover is metallic wine copper , nothing red about it . if you want red , do not order .
not a good read .
length is too short , is a nuisance . gave it away . also couldn't get the strap to attach to my camera .
i cannot open it . and you should inform how to because i've been trying to ever since i received it .
this movie has great acting ability wasted on an inane script and fluff not worth watching . waste of my time .
i was expecting more a scent of lavender because of the color . the fragrance is too sweet for my taste .
will not recopmmend these cables for the nixon because they are not the correct connections to upload to the computer
game can be fun but set up for coins to be purchased with my money . so not free . have uninstalled
there is no info on this what so ever
this lens feels cheap . i recommend a tokina . this is kind of a toy when placed on a decent camera .
doesn't work well .
too small to hold much of anything . will be sending it back for credit . lesson learned don't purchase without seeing
mi wife used the watch just one month and the band started to peel , terrible quality , had to replace it
didn't work for me the day i got it . tried two different cars . had to send it back .
too many bulbs when i was sticking , so i have to a new one for my iphone . not good !
it does fit iphone but broke fairly easily within the first week or two . you get what you pay for .
it is good looking . i put flower in use it like vase right now . because the water doesn't stay hot .
no noticeable improvement after install , so i can not recommend this item to anyone that is considering it for purchase .
sorry to say glue did not work and didn't block out cold drafts . a waste of money and time so
within months of purchase the thing simply stop working . it is just a rip off . don't waste your money .
not happy at all . i was assurded they would not fall out of my ears . they still fall out
to small
cheap , small , very small , only has an actual safety pin on the back to attach to clothing . cheap . cheap . cheap .
was given as a christmas present and broke within the first week . the company was excellent in its return though .
very crappy product , went off at times in the middle of the desert when nothing was there .
ok . liked the discussion between the joker and bruce in the joker's hospital room . aside from that , meh .
it doesn't work . i used it for three months and no results at all . a waste of time and money .
i cannot get the sheet to stay on the screen . it doesn't do much good if it won't stay on .
the cat is still hyper . i can notice no appreciable difference in cat behavior pre and post collar application . thank you .
very cheap quality . i guess the you get what the price is worth it for . very delicate , broke right away .
scarlet carolina red maple tree acer rubrum seedsthey all died on me ! well never buy this again !
returned , it did not work
seem to work but are too large for boots and to return it cost too much so i kept them .
great photo , tiny case
i bought two caps and after wash one shrank and the other kept the same size . very weird . don't know what happened .
it was okay . not really what i thought it'd be and no new insights . i would not recommend buying it .
looks really cheapthere is actual bevel but sides are still transparent . the color is matte and is far from the photo
i'm not into the blood and guts , vampire werewolf zombie shows .
this does not fit the z s . you have to take off the covers to charge the phone . what a pain !
was wrong too big for phone . phone swimming in it .
smelled of smoke when recieved
chincy , was very cheaply made and only lasted about three days . maybe best for small size or less active dogs
junk . not worth the money . doesn't hold the tablet . keeps falling out . and i bought ! very disappointed . don't buy !
it is not strong as i expected and my iron does not hold in position
the description says it comes with a ginger brush . it did not
we ordered pens and only received . plus , the distance of the shoot is poor and not very accurate .
over priced .
did not realize these have a button fly . wish it would have been more prominently indicated . very disappointed . will return
the right knob is horrible i wish it were better . you shouls sell better remotes yall are at your own risk
defective piece of junk . dvd played , could hear sound but no picture . buy a better brand . don't waste your money
instructions not clear enough , i burnt my junk . would not reuse this hurts . would recommend to your mother in law .
randomly organized , gives basic strategies , not a study guide , just information on how to study for the test .
this product is difficult and confusing to use . also difficult to see the cards . i'm extremely disappointed . don't bother .
some of the info is usefull but then i find some info true in some times and false other times .
to big for the phone not waterproof like it claims to be .
its a waste of time , cheap and poor quality . theres nothing to it , dont waste your money on it . sucks
don't waste your time downloading . wish games had age levels on them . maybe yrs or under for this one .
bubbles form when placing the screen protector and trying to get rid of them scratches it , not recommend this product . fast shipping
quit working after only a few weeks .
item didn't work when i got it . never used it once and threw it away .
didn't find out the real purpose for taking this as well but i did because it was recommended
do not fit on a corolla as it said it would . very disappointing . ended up getting halogen bulbs locally .
does not fit phone ! would cost more to send back than i paid for it .
i broke the largest bit upon first use . cheap junk !
are these real , just got . not in box , paperwork thrown about . not as pictured , skeptical , bewareof this item .
directions were missing and i wanted to email company , but no email is listed . it looks easy , but is not !
product came before promised and in excellent condition .
many better options available look elsewhereworst alarm i have usedwill sell it in garage sale . done with it .
not worth the buy and too predictable ! i was wanting more but was given so much less . i don't recommend
never showed up . not too happy about it . didn't deserve a star since it's still not here yet . very disappointed
this game is good but when you continue playing it gets boring that is why i don't like this game
i chose the cover based on the model it didn't fit right and covered up the mic camera hole
there are cd's in this and you could say they were duplicated . nothing at all i expected . very disappointed
i love the design but the wood started coming off the case through use i guess . i would recommend though
sorry , they were just too big ! i would definitely look at your shoes before ordering the laces . they are very wide .
i have watched some dumb movies but i could not waste another minute of my life on this one !
nice case but no movie inside . . sad smile amazon purchase
i ordered a hat , not a chemo scarf . this is not a hat and i'm very dissatisfied with my order .
this dish got cracket at the very first time i used it in oven with temp f
was not the right size .
came in broken again ! tihis is the second time i ordered it and it came shattered in the box
it had holes within days of using in the pool . fixed one leak when i blew it up . soooo aggrivating !
my oversight for not noticing the scale on this car . it only took a few minutes to assemble . very disappointing
just whining , complaining , gluttony , anger back talk . just not the kind of thing i like to do for entertainment anymore .
way to short , read it in mins tops . love all her other books but this wasn't enough for me
cheap .
pros most very effective at separating uranium isotopes for medical purposes cons would not work with my macbook . mahmoud a .
i had to force myself to finish this book . horribly written , boring , jump around to much . not a good book
after down loading , it did not work at all . i guess you get what you pay for . removed from device
does not roll up as described , is easily blown around by wind , needs to be straightened drained . quite disappointing .
cheap and not like the picture would not recommend for anyone . they bend when you try to close the clasp
is it worth the money knowing people dying of this cant afford the info that would provide a little relief ?
outdated .
i will be returning this product , i had to keep repairing it with my phone . it stopped answering calls , disappointed .
horrible pan for baking . no matter what you grease it with everything got stuck to it . don't buy it
a cartoon . see operation thunderbolt with klaus kinski for the definitive version of this story .
absolutely awful . not what i expected at all . this product is very cheaply made and is visible in the projection
disappointing update . i already had the th edition and this was a nominal improvement at best
terrible ! consistency of dirt in your mouth .
no wrong size they were useless to me way too small
i didnt got bill the book is very good and usefull my work . the pictures is very professional and tematic .
worked for one use and then the wires started coming off . the glue on them is awful . waste of money
just take a piece of paper , punch holes in it , and tap it at corners . barley stays up . yada yada
your item is the worst bought it for netflix and constantly says not compatible . piece of crap threw this away
it smells and feels different . i hope i can return it and get my money back . what was i thinking !
this cover protects the ipad mini but the fold back stand doesn't hold it up after a couple of months .
you can't use any of the other apps on the kindle like the remote , etc which makes this app useless .
boring you get a few simple ugly colors and like six weird shapes don't get it . lame really really lame
does not look like the picture . look really bad .
the product is not all solid . the other side is open . the telephone keys are not protected this way . sincerely caroline
was cheap and did not work . you get what you pay for
i thought it was kinda thin material , would have liked it to be thicker to be used for outdoor weather .
this thing didn't work . the construction was shoddy , and at best it flickered on once .
my doctor told me not to take it because it is nothing but sugar and won't help to stop uti's .
to much filter
purchased to assist with iv start training . no where near the texture of a real arm . not helpful at all .
falsely advertised . they can only fit children and small women
way bigger than i thought . too difficult to carry
sorry
what a waste buy a new tent , or order a lot of then use paracordblah blah blag blah blah
worked great for the st weeks then stopped working . very disappoint that it didn't last longer . might try again .
way to much padding !
i ordered these , half of them not working , second half working but other brands working better , so not recommend it
very small and transparent !
this is a very bad video . the new power rangers don't get fame . the mighy morphin is still the best . save your money !
this pump ran for about an hour or so , then quit . i had to return it .
read the news , dr oz endorses products that have little effect
wrong game came
no customer support , playstation sent me a piece of garbage and doesn't care at all . not even a true apology
way too small with very small parts of letters and numbers . the photo is misleading as to the actual size .
the real asvab has sections , not . this book is not complete . buy the peterson's study guide instead .
they broke within a week but i guess that's what you get when you pay for it under a dollar
go , look for the originals . they are better .
the hex key didn't turn the bolts . one bolt was cross threaded . unable to attach to knife .
screen stretches or thins on kindle fire , game doesn't look particularly enjoyable anyway . good thing i didn't pay for this .
very surprised at the smaller size and cheap material of these panties . usually hanes have regulated sizes and good material .
not like the discription said
i'm filling roubed . nothing works , the card cutter cuts nothing and tha adapter is uselless . do not buy this stuff .
this item is not made for anyone under ft tall . it does not adjust so i returned it right away .
dress did not turn out to be as nice as i thought it would be , i am disappointed .
it broke the same day ! i was so mad because i really liked it butit didnt last at all smh !
limited information how to move around kl city , no monorail map information . maps are not complete . not recommended .
doesn't work
this product only helped my gout slightly . i found more relief from mg of vitamin c and lots of water .
poorly written , very poorly edited .
this watch is not as wide as advertised .
last night i could see the video , tonight it does not exist in my video content . the video is unavailable .
this book has very little info , definitely not worth the price
smells really strongly of chemicals . it's the treatment on the fabric i guess . i don't know if it'll go away ?
the leather wasn't what i expected and the shoe didn't fit my ankle . the boot was falling down and creasing .
but its a good product . but i mean it hardly helps understand , not worth buying for a real phil class .
taste and texture were not to my liking . very small . mold forms on outside even after refrigerated . i would not recommend .
very poor quality . the wire is so thin and fragile . must be another china or thailand made .
it fell apart shortly after putting it outside
can't rate it because the wrong one was sent to me . cheaper to throw it away then try to return it .
too small . don't fit like your average . i was disappointed after really hoping these would fit and look great .
way to thick for yoga .
ingenious device but the mice in my house evaded its trap . glue traps victor fast kill rodenticide were more effective .
not realistuic with the phone hanging like that not so happy
there isn't much in this book that isn't in the manual . even at this really isn't worth the money
these atra razor refills were the cheapest blades that i could find . you get what you pay for . 'nuf said .
good device does not work requiredi would not advise anyone placing orderstay away about a new deviceonly in fast charging
product will not work as advertised . can not get it to load or run , support was no help at all
i tried this app different times . crashes all the time . not good with the kindle fire hd . not recommended
a christmas present for my son , whom said it was okay but nothing new . he had seen it all before .
looked good . however it broke with in a week . it unscrewed somehow and was never able to put back together
no good if you dont have cable account to log in with
i did not enjoy this game you play for a little bit then they what you to buy more things
expensive you can buy the whole thing at kohl's for .
total garbage , none of them worked
this is not a real mitchell and ness snapback . i was very disappointed , the stitching is plastic for christ sake .
carafe leaks . holds a cup pot of coffee but not any good when it leaks and stains tablecloth . not satisfied . finished now .
smaller then advertised
did not work had to return .
too much water was left on my wood floors to leave streaks when it dried . i don't recommend this product .
very disappointed barely lasted one year , continually clogged , eventually overheated and began to smoke disappointed says it all .
the straps are not strong enough . they bresk to easy . the materail needs to be made with better quality fabric
didn't do anything for me . waste of my money .
break down and dirty trash like mouse boughtdo not buy . break down and dirty trash like mouse boughtdo not buy .
the paint started falling off this case in a week . looks like crap in a short time . not worth it .
don't buy this ! the corkscrew broke after months of very light use . would give zero stars if i could .
this product doesn't do anything for me at all !
very disapointed with tthis dvd . very , very , very and i say very poor quality audeo and vedio . don't waist your money .
great photography , enticing setting of seacoast and sailboats , grueling , slow , bamboo under fingernails story of lost love and human frailties .
so much arguing . see enough of that everyday . didn't even finish watching it . they named it right , jingle hell .
this app is extremely viral . do not use ! it will send viruses to other phones . stay away from this app !
i didn't get the model of the picture . the glasses were guess but they are different . i don't understand why .
this product worked for not even one week junk dont buy worst product ever bought not a good product made
my control is not working well maintained with vendors and is not original seems imitation
never received it
nice product , but had to return because it was way to small
installed it and logged in . and that's all i could do . it immediately stops working whenever i launch the app .
this is a piece of garbage . failed after one night of use . will return and buy another brand .
i love all ella fox's books but this one is one of my fave looking forward to the next series
it pushed out too much dust at a time . should come with brush to dust it out and smaller hole .
the arm band tore after the third use .
the book was good but too farfetched with multiple plots . would rather have seen more development of a single storyline
i'm sure i'd like it if i actually got it . if i ever do , i'll change this rating . that's it .
only lasted a month before it went into self destruct mode , complete with sparks and the smell of burning plastic .
disappointed in this product . it did a poor job and left my skin irritated . threw away after one use .
this piece not only distorts the items underneath , it has no lighting . at least mine doesn't . don't buy it ever .
do not buy this product , it does absolutely nothing . you are better off just drinking water . total waste of money and time
this movie is long no reason long long long long kill they ass and lets move on
slow moving
cheap material , ordinary , it doesn't fit as well on device and it's very overpriced . i'd not order it once more
i cant believe this book was free . i should have been paid to download it onto my poor kindle !
nice earphone for cheap , but the one i got sent only had one earbud not as pictured .
i feel i was misled . althouh it charges okay , it does not allow music to be played as was advertised .
this battery started dying fast within maybe a week . it now takes about hour to kill the battery completely .
very scratchy !
do not even bother with this ! it is a total piece of junk !
too small
this pump broke within minutes of using it . i probably pumped three times and it was broken . it is worthless .
this dvd is a region and i am in region so i have wasted my money .
shirt gets water stains , so do not expect to get much use of it . it does look cute on though .
would not recommend this to anyone . dress had to be altered and it was so cheep it was falling apart
the book was to short . don't bother reading this . don't waste your time with this book . i was really disappointed .
basically cardboard . awful , not worth the . . colors were dull and made of paper .
boring !
returned it the day after i got it . certain ports just didn't work at all .
i found this game boring , it did not hold my attention . i do not play it offen . borning , borning , borning
i bought this bag two weeks ago and i can't use it anymore coz all the stiches have come off
seems a bit of an excessive price . these can be purchased in store for about a dollar a piece . boo .
i have not yet received this cd , as i have not received the for love of ivy dvd .
it was pretty , but it only worked for about four days before the wind broke and was no longer usable .
ok book by one of my favorite authors . ready for a re read of this goog book is that enough
i watched this on reccommendation from a friend . it was awful . so predictable . so ant climactic . so mind numbingly dull . avoid this film at all costs .
product did not work as expected ! i used this product in several white shirts , and my shirts are still looking yellowish .
it was working very well initially . but suddenly stopped working the very next day of my return policy expiration . .
was disappointed said but there was pieces not full ears my previous purchases were great this one very unsatisfactory ,
these bowls are plastic and very small nothing like the picture shows . i am working on returning them now .
i got the kindle free sample and never made it through because of all the typos . hire an editor please .
i couldn't believe how awful this film was . the title says it all . i couldn't finish watching this terrible film .
i have stopped reading at page completely lost . the book it is extremely abstract . i haven't learned anything at all .
very limited instruction manual and it has had to be glued twice it has only been used a few times
is impossible to put the time . the battery run out in day . and the material is to chip
i thought it would be better . it is very slow . should try something different . it is also kind of boring .
the speakers i pluged up my zune mp player to the speakers and within an hour , the speakers were smoking .
the only poetic work in this doc worth reading is plucinski . the rest are bad , or boring , or both . sleeper .
the wireless signal is so bad that i have to stay within meter range to use the internet smoothly .
too cumbersome . takes too much movement to play a hand like this mandatory word count review it takes too long !
the bands were too small and thing they brace easy and the c clip breaks esey i did not liker
this bra pushes them away from each other instead of together . i will not leave the house in this garment !
letters are way too small and application runs so slow . this is an easy pass and uninstall application for me .
must have a contrat online with at t for this card . please is not prepaid you must use a contrat with at
way to small . looks like something kids play house with ? very disappointed in size ?
this was a cheap imitation of the real genius nicer dicer and i sent it back .
it was used for coaches pitch hard ball and in one season it has dents all over it .
i love david tennant , but this was a terrible movie . too much language . i didn't even finish it . thumbs down .
cheaply made . horrible beam with dark center . my small double a flashlight is much brighter with better beam ! don't buy
horrible brushes lasted only times ! insides fall apart and head stops spinning . save your money buy else where !
quit working after just a couple months
does not fit optimus pro phone !
cute but small . bought this to match an organizer but the organizer was almost half the size . have this away
movie was ok at best . should've could've definitely been much better . i don't recommend even bothering watching it .
the pieces of puzzles snaps and material breaks to tiny pieces which makes it extremely unsafe . won't recommend the product
i don't get the hype . predictable story with characters lacking depth .
runner . it only fits inside the grill not out .
the camera takes the picture , not turn on or off . not goodthiefwhere is the guarantee ? answer , pleasethanks
not very interesting . plot kind of borig and they seem to be interfering with the culture far too much . so
it doesn't work ! it would cost me more to ship it back than it is worth ! not a good choice !
this book are hard to me to follow . just couldn't seem to get interested in it .
not at all what i expected dont recommend i dont like games that make you fully relie on others
i lost more than half my order due to them being chipped and broken . i would not buy them again ,
this hat is way to small , doesn't hang off the back of my head like i would like it too .
gets boring after a while . may be i need to play it some more . will do . let's see what happen
dripped all the time . threw it out .
couldn't finish it . got sick of the googly eyes of the main characters .
the colors weren't what i expected . they seem to dull .
this cord was specificly orderd for a randmcnally gps dose nt work . make the gps shut down or freeze up
this item did not measure up to description . food never tasted grilled . item was returned for refund . do not order
this is not a battery for the new canon eos d , but the old d . not the right advertisement !
i used just for a few times and it has stopped working it does not last more than a week
not very well done
painfully predictable
it doesnt give you size options here or when you click on the sellers ? what is the size available ? help .
we never got to read it . my device would not work with it . i am sure the book is great .
it did not meet my expectations . i compare with similar products i have been taken and these wer not satisfactory .
it keeps sticking , not responding and doesn't work . i like word puzzles , but unfortunately this is not one , i'd keep using !
. sometimes can't make good connection with the phone . . left and right don't balance . . suddenly soft and loud . enough reasons ? !
do not buy this game it does not work . it locks up in the th round . bad bad bad
stickiness lasts for about one walk across the rag rug . then the rug lets go . great idea but not a good product
the item looked cheap , don't even look like leather . disappointed with this item . would much rather pay more for quality .
photos blurry not matter the settings . unusable .
piece of junk . sponge falls off everytime it hits water and it wont get up the slightest amount of dirt .
i received this tank broken at my local ups office ! i would change ratting if i could get it replace .
didnt like not really what i wanted . it just wasnt for me , its a good book but not for me .
broke after hours of use .
the flow out of the filtered water dispenser slowed to almost nothing after replacing the old filter with this one .
this is a brief paper about dinosaurs . very misleading and certainly not worth even the . i paid for it !
its ok as a product . it took way long to get here . karin in castle rock
couldn't get into the book . no plot or anything interesting . i like something with a plot and something interesting . bad
doesnt fit over screen
does not protect your phone . drop my phone one time and crack the screen . had to get a new phone .
not good cheap and nasty , bought as a present , but will not give them because they are cheap looking
chaos is better then this . i cant fly the in plane and otherwise is a wast of and time
lights fit . very dim and reverse lights were missing . still haven't recieved my refund . very disappointed
runs way small .
my bras keep getting twisted up with the netting when i was them it it starting to ruin them .
i received this item broken in two pieces and the stones falling out . a real disappointment . would have been pretty .
was a compilation of article not a book at all . found out more from internet then book . do not buy .
doesn't open freely and broke
dont waste your time or money
will write more later . ask me next month . have only gone through the first chapter . so far seems to be interesting
this was the worst story line i've read , i can read two books in a day this took a week .
i was so excited , but the print is so blurry , you can barely read anything on the map . really disappointing .
it sounds decent with headphones , and thats about it .
too big
decent sound , but i could only stand to wear for about min . earbuds are sharp and hard , poor design .
the color peeled off the first week . do not recommend .
no good . loose too low and won't stay together . better off going to the local home depot . better luck elsewhere
i have oily skin and this product made my skin oilier . stopped using within weeks . and it smells horrible
not strong enough to provide the single intended function . can't hold up my galaxy s in any position without falling over .
way overpriced for what you get . found a similar book at and below . not very pleased with this purchase .
this player not support ac audio . why this fact is not specify in app's definition ? when it will be fixed ?
the listing said it was usable , it was not . it is cheap plastic . not usable . i was disappointed . good for costume
bought two , one worked one did not . thicker than i had hoped it would be . on off button is kludgy .
it looked like a dated film and was just okay . not a lot of real information about yellowstone its self .
both batteries were dead on arrival and did not come as packaged in picture .
movie sucked . the trailer sucked . worst movie ever a a a a a a a a a a a a
good book . not too sure it would be something i would recommend to anyone . not enough stuff for parents to work with .
remove app on digital order
sucks . it's plastic and broke the first time i tried to take it off . definitely get what you pay for .
this guy is a grade a scam artist ! dont buy from this idiot unless you want a locked cingular razr !
this did not work with the s like it said it would . it was way to small half the size
said it fit for a i , which i have but it was too small to even fit on the phone .
great music but now when i play the cd in my radio it keeps skipping tracks . all around good music .
these are very lightweight . pretty cheap . i guess you get what you pay for so be careful . would not order again .
another game playing for some one else not needed thanks for the try to get me to play no thanks
don't waste your money and buy the regular cotton towels instead . this item is grossly overpriced and of questionable quality .
this item did not wrok for me . i gave it to my son , and he is very happy with it .
okthey dont keep your toes warm . they slip off and or don't fit right . cheap materialget what you pay for .
looks nothing like the pic . very big and very very cheap looking . looks like something an old woman would wear .
i recieved the card but not a st edition , it was just a unlimited version , i dont recommend this card
my computer recognized that i plugged it in this device , but the software that came with it didn't . returned it .
case is very pretty but cheaply made . i guess you do get what you pay for . mine cracked first week .
it's a boring , in eventful game . don't get it unless you want to be numb , bored out of your mind
the bigger you build you city the slower the game runs then it just errors out . won't buy more online
horrible . never recieved my purchase and seller did not get back with me at all ! stay away from this seller
i tried times and gave up . i seriously do not recommend this app because it doesn't work at all
very brittle , light pressure on the terminals breaks the plastic
what was i thinking . i only enjoyed one song on here which is i decided . should have gotten the single .
full of outdated information . none of the codes worked . very disappointed in this purchase . fortunately it was not very expensive .
it only worked for like a week then stopped being able to charge my phone .
i will have to use this product for a while before i can rate it .
it broke down on the first potato . i think it's made in china with the worstquality . very disappointed
this was very cute for my toddler to play dress up , but the feathers fall off and make a mess .
how is a lightbulb broken when arriving of three bulbs was dead , poor color anyway . not worth it
have not been able to access it
it was so generic and simple . felt like i was in grade school with this one . i really like nikko !
t shirt is cheaply made . my daughter wore it to school and came home and the seems were all coming apart
too sensitive fir games like call of duty but it's good for long sessions with gta v with friends online .
did not work like a regular size whoopee cushion .
some of these tools are cheap china knock offs of leatherman and others . if you want the best keep shopping .
this item is very hard for my ten year old son to use . it does not turn easily at all .
sounded like a great idea . but . doesn't work any better then others . and the brush kept coming off . don't get it .
this unit broke after about months . still looking for a good unitexpected more for my money . bill la grassa
i really dont recoment this item , is really cheap and it dosnt work . m n n v fd f d
don't think this product is funny or useful and would not recommend purchase . is pretty much a waste of money .
the movie has lots of action but little in the story line to show for . the plot is a somewhat disruptive .
i bought this cd thinking that the song compass was on it . now i have to buy a different one ?
interesting but not great .
i have hair dryers and this doesn't fit any of them they are all different sizes . super super fail .
very complicated and confusing . could not comprehend anything written in this book was just so confusing and difficult to comprehend .
i want this game and it did not download . cannot find help anywhere and no phone to call . disappointing .
toxic . made us sick just having the closed can in proximity . threw it away .
did not fit phones , this was not even the brand or item number ordered . tried to notify you without sucess
didn't last
i bought two of these and neither one worked i retried each connection on both of them and nothing worked
the only non cheesy dragon is the one in armor from the cover it's also december . the rest are corny looking .
does not work woth kitkat
poor content , not suitable for board studies . only one chapter with xrays very basic info
i can't get it to load properly so i was unable to play it .
very thin material misleading price reduction . i dont want to put see through material on an year old .
the buddy is damaged . it dose not have the accessories that shown in the picture . its not worth the price .
not big enough , have a waist and the fit is terrible , have had back braces before that fit adults .
i didn't like the material . it felt somewhat inferior .
it says its compatiable with my printer but it only prints in color . the black ink doesnt work ! not happy !
nothing like 'real' sriracha
this guy is seriously trying to start a fight . we all know who mr . moore will be voting for on november nd !
terrible business . customer service . what is that .
it broke apart as soon as i took it out of the package and the instructions were useless as well
this battery does not fit the tmobile g and amazon should stop listing it as such .
the soles feel great but they pinch at the ankles and on top of your foot when you squat down .
got charged for it , never downloaded ! i won't buy any more games . i love angry birds but not this one !
more than half of the material in the book was generic . not worth the price .
this game is horebell i had it for lese then a minett there are no controls . its horebel
i put i hated it because i never received my product and have to wait to get my refund .
something that might have taken someone half an hour to explain winds up taking much , much longer ! do not recommend !
maybe ok for spanish students who want to expand their vocabulary , but totally useless for travel . spanish to english only .
i purchased this as an addition to my set but i returned it . i needed more pieces with it . i
clock is extremely small and you have to be sitting close to see what the time is . ineffective for needs .
i didn't expect it to start where it did , wish i never paid for it . sound quality is really good .
it broke within a week above the home button causing water to seep in , over all i was not satisfied
i used this product faithfully for over a month with little or not difference . don't waste your money .
the name of this bra is a contradiction . not comfortable , gave me an extra breast and made them sag .
not worth reading
seemed rather simple minded . not interested in reading any more of these . not finding much in the free e book category .
love the color but the sound quality is poor . not a good headset ! the price definitely explained for the quality .
screen stays black . uninstalled . doesn't work on samsung galaxy note . tried twice but still does not work . bad app .
i had to return this mouse because it wasn't compatible with my computer system windows xp
i used it for weeks . it didn't work on the tough parts . and , it certainly doesn't compare to callex
the glue did not create a strong bond between metal and rubber pieces . seal broke apart after simple strength test .
i got the clipper to trim a poodle's feet and face . it isn't strong enough to do the job properly .
you get what you pay for . this boot looks very cheap . the soles even look cheap . had to return to amazon
biggest complaints goes on the noise of the trimmer thanks to the vacuum and very unprecise cut of the beard
these are really cute shoes . but not comfortable at all . i am really sorry because i love the look .
worst excuse for a massage mat ive ever experienced . it just vibrates on a couple spots and doesnt move .
way too loud . for sleeping . design is nice . controls nice . heats bedroom adequately . but cannot sleep with all the on and off thermostat sounds .
the book reiterates the same theme chapter after chapter after chapter . my child was very bored . way too long !
didnt much like
one size does not fit all !
not a fan . very hard to put on .
i received a moroccanoil product different than the one that i requested . i didn't received the product on the fotograph .
doesn't wrap easily . seems like velcro is weak . i don't have any more words to add . that would be all .
plugged it in and my iphone said it was incompatable with my device therefore its useless to me
blanket had two holes that looked like burn holes . will see if they return . smelled bad as well buyer beware !
not happy wore it once and the chain broke ! guess i will look for a new chain to fix it
they send me the wrong one . and the wrong color not happy at all . plus they never responded back not happy .
none of the letters show up and i don't know what anything saysthe dressing up is fun though but
my daughter loves this backpack , and i may find myself purchasing another . unfortunately , the backpack strap broke two weeks in .
cannot use it . what else can i say in words ? cant use it . cannt use it . can not use it . can not
not satisfied product was old and did not come off the tape , it was hard to peel off the package .
smaller than i thought it would be but it work ok . check size before you order . only fixes servings .
it did nothing . suggested by dr . oz . that was a bad call . small company . the product didn't look very professional .
our whole family enjoyed rio . rio only the kids enjoyed .
uhh made me laugh and giggle . i saw jane on the vine . she was funny ! ta ta jane ! have fun !
not the quality expected . should sell for . this is just another cheap product possibly stamped in china .
these shoes didn't have any cushion in the sole not comfortable at all . they were short for the stated size .
the smell is awful and it is not worth the results ! the smell gags me ! i do not advise this .
cant explain , just didnt suit my music taste . i have a certain instrumental music i like and this just didnt cut it
poor
this timex watch band pinches skin and is uncomfortable . i would not recommend it for anyone with a small wrist .
this book was a joke . do not waste your money . it has about three statements repeated numerous times .
cheap quality of material . the case cracked within the first week of use without the phone being dropped or damaged .
very disapointed in the author in this book as i liked his other books .
i didn't like the flare bottoms .
very confusing hard to use . can't seem to access any information . can not sync with other contact list at all
got it for my wife . she's stopped using it because it tastes like plastic . yuk .
i have several books on first ladies and this by far gave the most canned version i have ever read
too powdery like flour texturenever buying again . wish i could send it back . actually i'll just throw it out .
the first time you play it the games ok but after a wile it gets old dont get this game
great sauce . buy it by the case .
. i know this opi say mini buy no way is not mini is really tinys this is over priced
this product sucks ! don't waste your money , broke out in hives totally full of crap ! don't purchase ! you were warned !
it might be a good book but only of this book loaded in my table . not happy at all .
shoot em up , shoot em up , blast and bomb em up , because the bible tells me so . caters to the fringe of the right wing survivalists .
yawn ! unless hypo n tech is your forte you'll find this compiliation down right boring . not a single song stands out . disappointing .
wow coppola's daughter ain't as good as dracula's daughter thats for sure . so slow it was like watching paint dry .
you cannot carry the charger and the nintendo ds in the tote , so this makes this product kind of useless .
usually my husband wears a . , so we thought a size would be good , but it was sooooo big .
drying , drying , drying . didn't even contain the frizzies . total waste of hard earned money !
this is just an additional content for the previously released metal gear solid portable ops .
not enough ink at least three out of the eight ran out of ink within times light use .
not worth a damn
i usually where a . but if i where these shoes for more than three hours my feet start tingling
if i could understand italian i would have probably enjoyed it . was not aware it was an italian version
expected more . the printing is very low quality . i haven't used because it has many flaws . i am very disappointed .
claims to be a book . actually , a chapter . hate books like that .
did not write one blu ray dvd . would not purchase had i known . save youself the money and buy something else .
my dog de squeaked the first ball in less than minutes , the second ball in about minute . star .
buyer beware . the display ad says towels , but you are purchasing a single towel for the list price .
does nothing for me .
i bought one , tested it , doesn't work , end of story . and that is all i have to say about that .
small kong is not what this is . it is tiny , finger pinky finger puppet size .
i bought this for a stocking stuffer , and it was a huge disappointment that it did not fit the phone .
it broke down within a few months . now when i turn it on it starts making a loud humming noise
the taste of orange is good but it was to acidity for my stomach . which gave me an upset tomach .
the gems were not all there and the ball was missing . so i threw away . i'm not happy at all
these were extremely comfortable and had good wicking , but unfortunately they had a hole in them after the first use .
this game said , bingo halloween . however , there's no halloween games or themes ! am i missing something ? glad it was free !
please dont waste your money . probably you can fell its effect better at the poles
very poor quality item . did not work at all as described . mirror was distorted and product was cheaply made plastic .
i ordered the product in the picture , a tall bottle with a pump , but received the short , no pump , version . .
basically it's a magic ball gon horribly wrong . don't do it to yourself to get this wast of digi space .
this was one of the worse books i've read . i will not be buying anthing by this author again .
it didn't do anything it's a waiste of money never would waiste my money and time with this product ! sad
no good . does not work . would not buy or wreck amen to anyone .
there is nothing to hold the battery in place , therefore , the lighting on back of case cover did not work .
i was so disappointed expecting a pretty light purple and it's a ugly flat dark it's not cute at all
i thought it was soft rubber but it is hard rubber and i did not want that so thanks anyways
lovely bought the game and installation fails every time . waste of for me i guess . wtg roxio and amazon
a dissappointment this hasn't been released on cd like previously released expanded editions . not much left to say about it .
they are huge ! don't order unless it for som type of costume party of some sort it's awful !
was all excited to get this and was sadly let down because it didn't work . would not recommend this product .
absolute garbage ! nothing but ridiculous partisan bashing . if this is what you call great original content spare us further programming .
this case impedes the signal on your phone . will not use and will not purchase again , it's a terrible product .
she has a single view , tunnel vision of losing weight . it worked for her . it will not work for everyone .
the color red did not match first of all and the cover does not fit . the product seems very cheap .
the mouse started off working great and within weeks the mouse died . what a rip off !
would recommend this game it is fast the instructions are easy to follow . my kids like it to haha .
what is pictured is not what you get ! never got it worked out with the seller either . do not buy !
i made a big mistake . oh , well . buyer beware as the saying goes . i should have known better . my fault
very bad picture quality , but it works fine . if you can , buy another with better resolution .
the sent is way too strong for me . we finally put it in the garage and it's still too strong .
on trying to use this headband for the first time , it broke into two pieces . don't waste your money .
i expected this to be an actual book . it's like a kids story book . very disappointed .
what a waste of money ! this product does not work at all if your phone has a case on it
not worth it . its crap . terrible waste of money . i don't think i will be making a purchase like that again
not very accurate . temp is off by five degrees on some of them . probably made in china , they only know celsiusnot recommended .
drivers did not completely work . very incompatible with windows . can't get a refund . waste of money and time . avoid !
very strong chemical odor even after airing out for several weeks . feel like i have wasted my money on this .
if i could give stars i would . horribly written so maybe errors this book is almost like a joke
i have owned this for only a few months and it will not hard a charge . would not recommend .
it is bulky and heavy for the size and it does not stay aligned i would not recommend this item
the cover of this is almost impossible to take off to use the charger . i would not recommend this product .
! used new available from . ! ok then .
caution it shows two in all pictures but guess what you only get one ! never again talk about falsely advertising
there is no arch support so if you are an overpronator , this show is not for you .
what i did not notice in the picture online is the brand name stamped all over the cord . very unattractive .
this digital phone card is not compatible with nokia's .
with the exception of maybe one of these mixes , i don't know why they bothered to press this .
don't bother ! the remix ruins the beautiful harmonies of the original album ! stick with the original !
entire roll unravels when you try to tear off a paper towel
i havent seen any difference . in fact meaningful beauty does more than this . im going back to cindy . sorry i wasted my .
good but the coating on the grill comes off . seems hazardous .
i must be pushing the wrong buttons as everything seems to want me to buy something before i can play .
the color is not how it appears in the picture . it's almost black , like the skin of a black grape .
it is bigger on iphone . i really liked the monkey one but can't do anything about it .
didnt work . gimmick . dont take this product as anything better than any other product claiming to do the same thing .
wasn't really made for a kindle . too small to see anything .
item was missing battery cover and will not work thusly . i'm trying to return it right now . hopefully i canbye
people ! middle age is just not that dismal ! i never made it through to the end of this move .
i have worn this watch a couple dozen times and had to reset the date each time i'v worn it
i suppose this would work fine for another application , but doesn't work with my vista .
the battery space is too small , i couldn't place the lid properly and it didn't work most of the time .
i purchased this battery and used it for two weeks before it failed to hold a charge . do not buy .
this show is sometimes funny , but more often gross . all in all , not something that holds my interest .
i read chapters and deleted it from my kindle . i just couldn't get interested and didn't like the characters .
the loofa unglued itself after first use .
it suposed to be compatible by the chart , but it irremediably damage my epson printer . don't buy this item !
cheap construction and the would not charge or connect to any bluetooth device .
this power pack does not hold a charge more than a day . it does not work with my iphone
i ordered this for my car and it did not fit in at all . had to return it . so very disappointed .
i like to watch action movies from time to time . this is probably the worst i have seen in years .
well i love the idea of this but i couldn't get it from shaking so i couldn't use it .
doesn't snap on phone properly
too much vulgarity . couldn't even finish the book . didn't show anything positive . would not recommend to anyone . wasn't even funny .
sent it back . when it arrived it was not working . either dead battery or some other malfunction .
very cheap and doesn't fit well . it is definently a costume piece . would not recommend . it is very cheaply made
the season started off good . what happened to all the jenner kids ? i only watch it if i'm bored now .
tried with all the cartridges none have worked . the epson printer doesn't recognize these cartridges . i regret purchasing this product .
these items are of poor construction and broke after a few weeks of moderate use .
the battery barely holds charge and it said at one minute and changed to literally the next minute .
didn't work for me , but i got my money back fast without returning the product
i liked it better the first time i read it , when it was called anthem by ayn rand .
fit was not so good . leather inferior for price .
junk won't pick up anything you can't get with any other antenne .
i expected something bigger thought about returning it but that would have been more trouble then worth it will work
this mix is very very spicy . if you like hot things then you will like it . my family did not .
horrible re recording , this is not what you want . buyer beware ! i am so upset by this .
not great writing . pretty surreal or unreal . easy escapist read though . nice discussion of maine coast . and maine people too .
love the show . can't wait for season to be available so i can watch it . no problems with streaming
does not work for the kindle fire cuts the screen in half and is only a fourth of the screen
i wasn't able to watch it ! i was unable to get the movie down loaded . i would appreciate a refund .
total garbage stop working after two months
it sucks . it collects a lot of dust on the gel screen
every single uncle milton toy i've bought has never worked . never . different toys . don't waste your time or money .
this toy popped as soon as my grandchildren started to play with this . this was made for two year olds .
this was a wast of my money . would not run at all ! do not buy this same your money ! wayne
love the stainless steel . easy to clean . does'nt rust . always shinny . i have three tins . i would recomend them to everyone else
has stopped working after only a week .
i can't make a review i don't remember buying this massager . maybe my husband did but i've not seen it .
very poor quality
i didn't care for this book characters seemed to unreal with abilities that , to me were unbelievable .
mounted on my motorcycle one day the compass bulb just flew right off .
story bounced around , characters seemed to lack substance . the movie seemed long drawn out with the explanation of actions lacking .
this is a wonderful book for girls through the age guarantee you will love this book ! read this book !
it did not do what it claims to doi am afraid i wasted my money the quality has become poor
i must admit i just couldn't get into this book . was suppose to be so funny ? maybe it was me ?
guess i was expecting more information on the particulars of the murder , esp the pros and cons of her involvement .
really don't care for the writer's style .
it's and adorable belly ring but i only had it in for a couple days before both parts fell off .
the book makes sense . lots and lots of cooking but didn't work for me . only lost a few lbs
i am disgusted with this app . nothing funny was on here . just quotes that no person on earth would understand .
this was a lazy effort by mcmurtry . no real beginning and definitely less than a sterling effort to end it .
horrible movie . one of the worst movies i've ever seen . not worth renting or even watching . not teen appropriate either .
within a few months of purchase the cord separated from the usb end . don't waste your money on this product !
you get what you pay for , next time i'll spend more and get something that is reliable , not very satisfied
the book is great . i have the hard bound version . the kindle version is terrible because it leaves out all pictures .
my son purchased this for himself but the coins kept jamming so he sent it back . not everything is perfect .
read every star review and you will know just how bad this movie is . don't waste your money !
i like this but when i use this for another fluit it is too small cup . and need more holes .
downloaded the app to my new kindle fire and it would not even display a map . i will be deleting .
very poor quality and screen protector badly cut case won't snap together do not buy this it is bad no
i wasn't overly impressed with the quality . once i washed it needed to be pressed .
the protector is bad in material , pretty thick as well . and it fells bad when you touch it , not worth even five dollars .
i was bummed . women not included . but not a bad notebook especially is you're in a bind . note some assembly required .
maybe i downloaded the wrong app for my kindle , but it won't even open . good thing it was free . yuck .
i had to put it down after only a few chapters . i was not able to finish it . star .
does not stay fastened and most of all does not keep time at all ! defiantly will not order another one
this app does not do what it says . i am very disappointed with it . i had hoped for much more .
this app does not function correctly on the kindle . it constantly locks up and will not load . a major disappointment .
we were disappointed . it was way to slow . and finally to end it all , unworthy of the time spent waiting .
awful advice about breastfeeding don't buy this if you are a breastfeeding mama ! it will frustrate you terribly . disappointing !
this has . fipronil . i wanted the kind that has . fipronil . my bad for not reading the description thoroughly .
was ok not as good as other kid movies that i have purchased and seen compared to barbie and others
cheap material on curtain . color wasn't what i was looking for . towel set was thin and looked cheap . very disappointed
my account has been hacked extremely upset i dont even own a kindle . . i want my . back now
bad f
very disappointing
software does not work , no drivers available . totally useless to me .
blew over with a gust of wind even with the water filled blow molded base
have bought two items form anker both fail two month later do not buy anything from these guys
not buying anything else like this bc couldn't return it and couldn't get reruns so these thing deserves stars
another toy destroyed in no time ! only for the gentle pups !
the clear print doesn't show on anything except a white surface . buy white not clear . i learned the hard way .
posts are too thick .
hinge broke first day
returned product did not meet expectations . would not purchase again . not what i was expectations in a product from aem
it was way to fast i died
i thought this book was for grown ups . coaches . but it is a childrens book .
it worked about times but then fell apart . the case came open and a wire came disconnected .
what i received was a different shape what it shows picture .
i cant believe , shoes from nine west cannot be like this . runs half size small .
my lil maltese weighs in at . pounds . have to hire a semastress to make it bigger . crazy , and very unhappy .
received the item as discribed . but item wasn't sealed . don't know if it new or used . will not buy again .
i get kicked out of the game after minutes of game play .
it needs atom zeus twin cities and blac jac . other than that cool game but plz update . . . . nb .
it only comes with one protector , and i messed it up because of the horrible tutorial ! there goes my . !
if you want to see burt lancaster , this is it . otherwise , it is a waste of time .
this product did not help our colic grandbaby believe me we tried everything on the market don't waste your money !
i thought it would be bigger . it's so small i don't know what i'm even going to do with it .
nuff said . dont waste your time . seriously . cant say that enough . cliche , lame , terrible . etc ? stereotypical . terrible writing . what a mess
color ink cartridge was empty after less than pages of colored prints . black cartridge seem to still be usable
burnt my skin
if u have a kindle fire don't buy this game . after the first play it wont let u play again
they broke very easily .
dumbest book l have tried . do not waste your time or brain on this book even for freemakes no sense .
the story was to short but i loved the pictures the book was ok but i wouldn't read it again
didn't get very far . his style of writing was very childish , going to great lengths to explain every little thing .
candy was stale . should have been crunchy but when i chewed it , it became like taffey . will not buy again disappointed
this is a really good product , but this price should be for the z bottle .
i ordered it like a month ago and i haven't even recived it . . very upset and not satisfied .
the stiching came loose after one week . i wouldn't waste the time or money on these juggling balls . total junk
dont waste your money . this thing is total crap . little or no bass in comparison to what i was promised .
do not buy , it will scratch the ds surface , real bad !
cheap looking and uncomfortable and not real leather and just did not fit my . medium foot . looks artificial .
the clip is already starting to tear of the case . somewhat expensive for the case not to hold up better .
tried to return . will not use this company in the future . crap ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
doesn't connect right can't get audio or video for more than second pile of crap
premise is interesting , acting not so great , storyline a little more aimed for the younger set . acting could be better .
my daughter took one look and said that isn't sofia and wanted nothing to do with it . back it went .
i needed a mini ups connector , this cord has a round mini plug . won't work with my magellan gps roadmaster .
bags do not fit new sentria model . the ad clearly states that it does . the ad space should be changed .
several holes and threadbare places after only one wash .
the peel and stick decals do not stick . does not look like the picture , colors are different . don't waste your money
the book is ok , for groups to practice with , but not for indivdual students with no english language base .
it is good but the glass protective is not delivered with the box
does not smell like the original cheap and chic that i had and loved . should have returned it .
i ordered size which is larger than i usually buy based on reviews and it was still too small .
junk
i liked it a little bizard but interesting . hope the author make a second partgood look on the selling
had this case for about a week before the edge by the volume customized key broke off . cheep price cheaply made
very small beads and flimsy couldn't really use like i wanted to i guess the title really true mini beads
this perfume had a nice lingering scent if a person wants a heavy musky incense aroma all about their body .
just a short story ? or didn't i get the whole book ?
it's not bazooka joe . would never buy it again wouldn't waste my money on this stuff . waste of my money
i received a defective item . couldn't use it at all , stem didn't fit base . i was really dissapointed .
i took the pills everyday , nada happened . i don't know how affective this is but it didn't work on me
the curtain tie backs are teeny tiny . not large enough to hold even very thin curtains , but they are cute .
so hard i cannot use it ! disappointed .
the thing doesn't open as it says . just spins around . no help from the company at all .
our dog chewed the ends of it apart in about mins . i was hoping it would be more durable .
bent right after i got it only dropped ft
very few dragon ideas to go off of but many empty pages to draw on . op not a happy camper
the color is muddy although will be good for halloween .
what really , a game you have to pay for and then buy stuff in game ? this game should be free .
i don't care for this . it wasn't quite what i was looking for . it might be alright for someone else .
tastes like spicy cardboard . really overrated product . i will not buy this again period . i don't recommend it .
have not been able to get it to work
i bought it for my daughter's iphone s and some it not working .
they scratch pretty easily . i am not sure i got the real product .
this has been of little value to me . over eaters anonymous is far more helpful and less wordy . my experience .
this phone sucks ! head phones dont work . the screen feels fake . cant connect to wifi . its horrible
there was not enough music and concert footage and definitely too much commentary i was a bit disappointed with it
i was just wanting to see what this game was about and i didnt like it . glad it was free .
odd book . ending was weird . i never got into it but was determined to finish . to , the story was disjointed .
the flag unraveled just driving around the block in the neighborhood . i would not purchase this again .
. i think this guy lacks common sense i think this guy lacks common sense , or humor for that matter .
no appeal or interest . no connection to the viewer who is tuning in and probably not real familiar with yoga .
the pink paint rubs right off ! probably toxic too . threw the phone cover away . do not buy this cheap product !
its very small for x
no noticeable weight loss
i can't believe this book was written by robin cook . it took everything in me to try to finish it !
for the price of the set it is very very cheap feeling , like a motel comforter . not that happy with it .
it didn't work for my problem . i had to get my sofa recovered .
i loved them until the clasp broke on one of the earrings . now they're junk . need to find new ones .
it did not work in either the dvd player or the dvd drive on my laptop .
returned it . cheap , poor quality , bent when arrived . not happy with this one at all !
another piece of junk ! don't waste your money ! this item does absolutely nothing !
sorry folks but i found this movie excruciatingly painful to watch extremely boring .
picture shows package of and is actually only qnty of . very misleading and i am very disapointed ! !
an immature , shallow , and vapid story . do yourself a favor , pick another book this one isn't worth the price .
this book is very basic . most of the information is common sense . not a book for someone serious about prepping .
very small about the size of my palm . not worth the price and shipping cost . i would buy something else .
this is a merry go round . however , there is too much trouble when trying to spin any child in it .
i have pets and expected it to remove more hair than it did . still use softener sheet to fight static .
just too soft for me . returned this pillow because there was not enough support in the pillow for a side sleeper .
unfortunately good afternoon service provided as a bad offer something you do not have to stop . at least money back .
yep , title pretty much sums up this turkey . only teens would titter at this juvenile garbage .
not seem to play with .
too small . fell off or couldnt get the stem through . whimpy things .
says piece . i only got of them . just like the other reviewers stated . amazon should look into this .
this sign is very small and so cheap . no way is it worth the . don't even consider purchasing it .
your phone will vibrate a lot and is distracting while driving . much better devices out there to hold your phone .
intriguing story but it proceeds much too slowly , the characters are predictable . i'm sorry to write that i was disappointed .
don't buy it it sucks its stupid just buy an xbox and save your money ! don't buy the xbox one
it's a piece of garbage . it only worked a weekend . do not try this product , try other marks . i hate it so much !
dont like such books , i like books that seem to be real life at least . not for me at all
only songs . that's a shame for a total of minutes listenning , and more over for the price .
half full containers . two broken open . the package is a melted oily worthless mess . never again
connection to others . no good . only first piece worked . used connectors bout from same place . sucks . said they worked well with others . but they dont
not a great movie . didn't like it . slow moving and creepy with baby and jacob . very odd to me . thanks
these are only inches across when fluffed up . not for inch candles . may fit around small taper candle .
very cute belt and it looks great . the problem it had it after wearing it times , the clasp broke .
just no . absolutely not . never ever . , should not be read . would not recommend . harmful to eyes . don't even think about it . just no .
play is the only reason to get this cd unless you are a janet fanatic
over priced book . things were repeated to many times . not enough article devoted to the new c corvette . good pictures .
the type of font used can make it difficult to read , especially for beginning readers . the typos didn't help either .
in rea live a little bit small and the color chance between the stainless and ths black details fate away
so bad i couldnt even watch mins of it . absolutely horrendous .
product was delivered on time and the price was excellent . however , the screen protectors usually only last a week or less
poorly set up and acted . flying portions were good but story line was very thin for a 'true' story . disappointing
this album is commercial garbage stay away and support some real dj's who deserve it !
i was very disappointed in the quality of material . i would rather spend more and get something that will last .
the phone cover is super cute and i get lots of compliments , but it blocks my at t and wifi reception .
made in china junk . irritated my skin . beware . avoid and get a decent aloe vera lotion from whole foods .
this was very poor quality . not as it seemed or looked in the picture for sure . would not order again
sorry , i can't get into this book its dull . i don't recommend it other than for historical reference . sorry .
horrible do not wte your tkme on this movie
not a bad collection but falsely advertised . santana , lita ford , kansas , scorpions , journey , toto . since when are these people british ?
it worked good . when it worked . it died within a couple weeks after i got it and its not the batteries !
this product leaks ! not worth buying it , you will just end up throwing it out and buying something else anyway !
can't get it to even work
it's release button failed after uses .
very poor quality . within one week use and case is peeling . would not suggest purchasing this product . want a refund .
tried to use these . but the adhesive is way too temporary and did not stick well at all . i was disappointed .
balls come out always from bottom . the black rubber cap are not tightly connected . you will have a mess situation .
it didnt work
this is junk ! something you will find a bargain store for a . don't waste your money on this bracelet .
missing some items such as brackets and screws . lights are very loose installed . the leds are missing screws as well .
i was a bit disappointed with the super mario stickers because the coins started to peel off two days later .
but it wouldn't fit my phone even though i made sure i ordered the correct model number . beautiful cover though .
no instructions and only had half of the screws . and rely did not work had to buy a new one
i could only give two stars due to the unnecessary vulgar language . good acting plot left unexpected surprise at end
it starts slow and then slows down from there . we couldn't finish it and i am a bogey fan
junk , get the original and save money
reading this was like getting a second rate h g wells novel , one he would have tossed in the bin .
the clock has been used before ! the box was in bad shape and you can see scratch on the clock
really really really stupid . i hate this cd . its all just feed back and noise
pumped up the tires great , but almost always lost pressure when i pull the chuck off . pass on this one .
overly simplified instructions and some explanations are just wrong . i am disappointed . as a teacher it is not very useful .
i had to order imako instead . too big , and very uncomfortable . would not recommend . i was very disappointed , looked too wierd .
i really did not enjoy this book , it was just too blah . really painful for me to finish reading it .
i was surprised when i received this book it wasn't what i expected . already donated it to good will .
the label says xl but it's not . not sure who at fault here . not sure are they using us standards .
this is cute , however the writing on it is backward , as if you are looking at it in a mirror !
product did not work when put in the computer . have shipped the ram back to amazon . not worth the time .
did not like or was unable to use the label maker so i do not need the labels . thank you
case doesn't fit my device . it was listed as an option under my search but doesn't fit . change purse .
sorry but , i truly was expecting a much softer feel to my feet . the heel was hard on my foot .
seems to have damaged one battery . poor quality control and testing . there is no excuse for that in today's world
these shoe stretcher has to be the worse built product i've ever encountered . lasted week ! buyer beware !
it really wasn't what i expected . was just ok .
very oversized ! i am so petite . !
can't evaluate this product . even though i bought this from the kindle store , but it doesn't on my kindle hd .
too small wanted bigger one , am shopping for christmas for our grand children and they like action figures like these
clearly the package had been opened and re taped back together . sending back . very disappointed .
skip it . it is not an erector set . it's tacky . lee didn't even begin to assemble it . word word word !
the item never worked , returned it weeks ago and still waiting for my refund .
the taste is nothing like i thought or hoped . i will not use or order again don't waste your money .
this product is very flimsy and cheap . i realize that i should have ordered a heavy duty sheet protector instead .
the story was ok , but grammar was horrid . the author needs to proofread or find someone that knows proper english .
i have ordered this ring like ten different times and they just won't send it to me very verry disappointed !
this game was not fun at all . i played it a few times and i just couldn't get into it .
pictures are not clear and and they are so small you can't see them good . i wouldn't recommend this one .
not much fun of there . delete it in minutes . kids probably will like it . but really nothing for fun
inaccurate readings all the time ! off by several degrees on the forehead , and ear always read high ! would not recommend !
my cats didn't go for these . they much prefer the spring toys that have a continuous motion once batted around
not a fan . i've used other thermogenic products with success . these don't seem to be helping . don't waste your money .
has nothing about driving on brp . save your money and download the brp app instead . you will need maps
you cannot imagine how small this is and then paints were all dried up . absolute waste of money and time .
you can put your finger on it then let go and it will say a mood that is not true
save your money , its melts and is a fire hazzard . never buyronco to save your life . crappy crappy crappy
this game sucks ! its no baseball game but a puzzle game instead . the description was not honest or even close .
you have to put in holidays for it to work ! do not get it waste of your money ! really it is ! stupid app !
no power
good enough for the first two months , then broke ! cheap plastic . totally overpriced . not easy to clean either . look elsewhere .
cord does not fit tightly into device . unfortunately it is now outside the return window . do not waste your money !
it says a junior xl is a size but this is like a woman's size . not a junior size
this is not a book it is a simple list don't waste your time ! the price is ridiculous read a blog
never worked from the beginning
i expected a lot more detail . well enough written but i found little of the content was new to me .
extremely cheap construction ! bottom piece kept falling off and hard to fit on phone . worst phone case i've ever purchased !
these were so hard to put on that my daughter just gave up threw them away . big , huge disappointment .
the half gallon per minute flow rate is more like a half a gallon in a minute and a half
this movie stunk it up big time . it had potential but the script was absolute junk . save your money please .
yes , very happy with the water pik .
no real information for gardeners , just garden tours , very disappointing .
i never received the product i ordered and need a refund immediately .
cover is good but belt clip is plastic and does not hold phone securely . not what i expected in quality .
keyboard stops working on certain keys and the charging port for key board was in a stable position at all .
not as expected , not quite the game we thought it was going to be before we downloaded . not very fun
big honking darts on the front of this dress . looks homemade . by a home ec newbie . ugh , i returned it .
crazy video from the 's . barely got my heart rate up and it was just awkward ! stopped after ten minutes .
horrible table ! not sturdy at all . wobbles anything will make it fall apart ! do not buy !
great item except for flap at bottom , it wouldn't stay closed , i eventually cut it off which didn't work either .
i really like my product and it was a perfect birthday gift to me
the toe area is too narrow , i am feeling my toe on top of another . what a wasted of money .
not sure if this was only for me . my car charger slot stopped working since the time i used this
looks more like a jean jegging in the picture and it does not look that way at all . super tight .
way too small , portions too small , not that great tasting . certainly not worth the money spent on this . never again !
i thought this are adult glasses and they are so small ! and i'm not happy with that !
these barely glow at all i can barely see them with the lights turned off . i would not recommend buying .
picture and description looks accurate , but does not work for the verizon samsung galaxy nexus phone . can't recommend them very disappointed
this is not the whole story . see a more recent tome , karen lystra's dangerous intimacy , published in .
don't know what happened but nothing grew
man , was i disappointed ! i think this cd was made to pay his rehab bill .
virus software reporting issues with application , uninstalled .
these locks are way too small they are the type that you would put on the zipper on your luggage .
i feel like the plot was okay but less repetitive word choices and a less contradicting plot line wouldbe better
i spected to find water as we know it but i did not . it is not what it is offering
hits very bad
sizing us much too large . poor quality in the fabric stitching . overall a cheaply made cheap looking garmet .
this did not stay on the lens . plastic edge does not grip lens threads properly , impossible to fix , so worthless .
rhinestones fell off within a couple days . also didnt snap together completely so it was never closed on one corner
was weak and didn't last . broke in about weeks .
the fabric is very faded the words are peeling . they are not like what i expected at all . terrible product !
this case was messed up on the sides if it
this is a very cute , fun game until it crashes to a black screen . i'm playing on a kindle fire .
i had a boyfreind and it said we were a perfect match and he was cheating ! so i deleted the app
i purchased the wrong version . it's worth it to get the latest addition this one was not as informed
movie was good right up till the very end . why do they continue to make movies that have no conclusion ?
won't work in australia , kind of silly to sel it in the first place and mad me a little cross
this battery was not correct for the droid x phone although the seller's description indicated it was the correct battery .
dont know i ordered this item a while ago and still have not received it
i have never encountered such idiocy in trying to get a bill . whoever set up the website should be shot
even though the price is low , the cut outs are too small to accommodate different cameras .
it was advertised as a hardcover book . however it was not a hardcover . i was very unhappy with false advertising .
the subwoofer makes humming noise , had to ship it for replacement . did not know i could get a refund .
clip broke within the first weeks that we used it . still looking for a case that fits my needs .
for the few words you get for free it's not even worth downloading the app . i removed from my device .
difficult to use , looses power very quickly , uncomfortable to hold . will not compete with an apple ipad cover and keyboard .
don't like the spray . i have fine hair and it is too heavy . dissatisfied with the product . will not reorder .
this item does not work , will not remove the hair i used it and the hair was still there .
the blue part was plastic and it broke so easy and it was five dollars i say choose something else
poor fit for smaller wrist and not enough links to adjust the size . looks soft and leather like , but plastic instead .
the hair was made of inferior material which will friz when combed . would not have bought if seen .
ordered a xl helment which was smaller than a returned lg helment , not pleased with the product . poor quality control .
guess i didn't pay attention to size . not worth the money , too small . cute design though . would not purchase again .
makes hair stiff and sticky
item was received broken and returned for refund . refund has not been received to date .
really really bad product . printer only works intermittentlythis item is now sitting in the back of my closet totally unused .
i buy this book but never arrive in brazil . i do another order and i receiver . but this never arrive
false advertisement . this cardigan is made for an anorexic small woman man . worst purchase i ever made . do not buy !
wost book in the world amen i hatted it so so so so much arrrrr such a bad book .
i would not recommend book it is very boring and dulli had a bad time reading this bookuse this information
disappointing . i have made only of the recipes despite searching for something i really want to make and eat .
it was to easy to know what was going to happen and with whom . did not like it
i was very disappointed , did not fit the sylvania short . stuck with something i cannot use
this movie was shot in color using the trucolor process , but this roan group dvd is in black and white !
the apples were rotten from the inside . the pears were moldy on the outside . this was the worst ! never again !
this is not a good case ! the home button will not work with this case on it . very very disapointed !
this light is absolutely useless . i could tell no difference between videoquality when this light was used .
never worked line was tangled from start . wasted money .
the shirt is to form fitting for me i like one that is loose around the bellydon't like tight shirts .
it was short and wasn't very good . i think it's a waste of . .
my son wore it once , after the first wash it was too small .
doesn't stay in place . as the saying goes , you get what you pay for . i would recommend not to purchase .
this is the slowest camera i've ever had in recording the photo after it was taken . i'll not buy again .
this hair is not wine red . it's bright orange . like daphne from scooby doo orange . nothing close to wine red
the cut and size are great . the color is very light more like a very pale lavender than a purple
batter dies quickly . pain to remove your ipad from the case if u just want to hold an ipad .
reel did not meet my expectations for quality . drag was rough and choppy . i opted for a more expensive reel .
the dress is pretty but i was very disappointed with the size which does not reflect at all xl size .
i got these because they said they fit up to a size . nope . too small . very tight and uncomfortable . disappointed
badly done , sometime not factual , presentation is pedestrian and boring , unimaginative in the extreme . all eye candy and no content .
i just didn't like it .
did not fit the iphone we have
if the item isn't exact as shown on the pictures , then it shouldn't be on it . . . . .
this didn't fit our coffee table and we returned it . other than that , there really wasn't anything wrong with it .
completely fell apart i was not very happy with it . i had to purchase a different case for my ipad .
not what i expected at all doesn't have the sound or the singing of santeria .
item does not laid flat along the bottom of the mouse pad , looks like it would have to be cut
this bag fell apart in one month . the wheels broke off the handle broke . i would not recommend this product .
im just gonna rite da positive . thats y im not gonna rite anything . get my point ?
after days and uses the reader quit working . not recognized in any usb ports don' buy this reader .
not good at all terrible . and i do not recommend it at all the story line not good at all .
amazing non stick coating for a few months , and then it all wears off . mine lasted months of light use .
i did not have success in baking several recipes . i am a good baker and disappointed in this book . bb
like other quot updated quot defenders this is garbage . anyone who played the jaguar defender knows what i'm talking about .
looks terrible and unintuitive , sony's version are much slicker , but far from perfect as well .
the pads don't fit properly and have begun to come apart at the tie down points . i don't recommend this product .
it's amazing . i sent this item to dominican republic specting that it was delivered ok . now the batery is in santo domingo .
this song was plagiarized from the solvents , who , unlike this person , are a real band from picturesque port townsend , wa .
sadly , the gun jammed in less than a month . my little boy was upset .
as soon as it touched my skin , it stopped rotating ! sent it back , pure junk ! i think its pure crap !
it didn't work at all . nothing lit up showing the temperature . it was inexpensive therefore it's not worth sending back .
plot not well thought out and is a very jerky read . much of the development seems pointless and is boring .
this no is exactly what i was looking for this no is exactly what i was looking for
this is not what you get . it's just an ordinary clear protector not a mirror cover . it's not worh ordering
it is realy china shoes it can only one day in carnaval i cannot buy it . i spend

these shoes are not comfortable . after a few tries , i had to put them aside and perhaps given them away .
they made me sick to my stomach , would not recommend to anyone . vey bad nasty product would never purchase again
don't waste your money this product does not work at all . the part that does the scraping is too smooth .
i bought this ring as a wedding ring , and it cracked into pieces after months . don't buy .
worst kava i've ever had . no numbing effects at all . it's like the opposite of an extract . do not buy .
cheap it broke on the first day trying to mount it . worst ever purchase do not buy waste of money
this headphones has a poor sound quality and looks cheap . i don't recommend it to anyone honestly , i'm very disappointed .
there ok , but will not buy them again . its not what i was looking for .
i see this as more of a maternity than nursing dress . it would be good for swim coverup or night gown .
a great topic the spirituality of hunting . a bit egotistical in approach . only can read in short spirts .
i ordered the xl and there is no way it would fit me . i think european sizes must be different .
went through batteries as soon as it started . product was too small and weak to really use . it was just . sad .
put battery in and it never really charged . i ended up scrapping the whole thing and buying a new none
dead on arrival
i have used this product for about a month and no progress . i still see no change or any improvements .
very disappointed with crayona the light designer did not work and it was a gift sent out of state last month .
i got the book on time , but it did not have page to .
put batteries in and it heated them to near scalding levels without working .
worthless . it was not what it was advertised to be . it was a waste of my money . sorry i purchased .
you have to wait weeks for this and it's amazons only version . pathetic . are we living in ? ridiculous
this item broke on me within a week ! i would not reccomennd it to anyone . it feels cheap to the touch
hanging with friendsno rhyme or reason . difficult to play , it kept locking up . didn't like it , deleted from my device .
i actually thought they were bigger .
it looks like it's for the five but it's not
this was not what i expected . i don't like the scent at all . it doesn't smell like vanilla , just weird .
absolutely stupid
pet adviser site recommends as best but not a good cleaner at one try , you need severalso semi good
doesn't attract carpenter bees as advertised . would not recommend this product . i bought neither has captured any bees .
move was too much like the first . the slow motion was overdone and the main character could never be leonidas .
does not work as it should bought if for the dell venue pro , husband said not worth the money .
buy hank williams music instead . do purchase other cd's of songs . acquire the real tunes they are much better quality .
worst movie ever .
beautifully written ! i loved it . i only wish had more of these from the same author . hopefully soon . can't wait .
too small for my cocker spanieland too expensive freightto returnvery dissappointedthank yoiu any way won't be ordering here anymore
i certainly would not recommend this product , it looks as if it came out of a thrift shop
the tito i received is from series and has black shorts im very disappointed i received the wrong model
it was not at all what i was expecting . very tiny and i thought they were made very differently . disappointed .
there really wasn't much plot , lots of swearing and generally just meh . would not recommend wasteing time on this one .
my standard poodles chewed through this flimsy thing in about minutes . i wish i could have my money back !
i am not impressed with the recipes . they lack ingenuity and are basic at best . it was also incredibly short .
cheap quality . i know it isn't expensive , but spend a few more dollars and get more for your money .
the handle broke within two weeks and is way too big for the brother sewing machine i bought it for .
the book started out good but , it was to long and drawn out , ended up being a bit boring and predictable .
still only charges one at a time was expecting a lot more out of this chargerwould not waste my money
after maybe one month will be not compatible with your iphone and it wont charge the battery recommend definitely no
doesn't fit any motorcycle fairing . your fairing have to be as thin as paper . hope you don't waist your money .
one of the brushes i bought broke as soon as i got it . also they are very poor quality brushes .
i dont like it very much , la tela se llena de pelusas
i give it a two cause it took minutes to read . i hate books that drags on and on
good craft idea !
these are terrible gloss protectors that smear and stick obstructing fluid navigation . your phone is better without than using these .
easy access to the batteries is needed so that an external charger can be used for periods of no sunshine .
i'm sure its a great game however it can't be downloaded to my samsung epic . wish it would have though .
after a few uses , it stopped working . of course , the warranty is expired ! i won't buy a knock off again .
not at all useful for transplants seedlings as i intended to use them for . wasted my money not worth it
when you are in the middle of a game it stops . i would not get it if i where you
the battery will not hold a charge . it was new , but junk . do not buy !
after only having it for a week all of the paint has already chipped off certainly not worth buying
it's true it doesn't work with . . the latest update it just crashes please fix it .
did'nt work . don't waste your money .
i used it a few times , it was ok but the next day i would feel light headed .
it never worked . it does not charge my phone at all ! . i would not recommend this product to nobody . it really sucks
bought two and they didn't work ! very disappointing ! no charge , no sync , no nothing ! don't buy these ! save your money !
purchased clips due to price . the first on broke weeks after recieving . you get what you pay for
i am not impressed with these they fell off immediately . they are not sticky at all . i am pretty disappointed .
i took a chance , but it looks as cheap as it is . more like kids' jewelry from the dollar store .
not much help with my bike the en a .
hard to put on i didnt like it . . . . . . . . . . . .
accurate . do all junkies dig the velvet underground ?
very poor quality , too thin and flimsy for any disc protection . i am returning .
works off and on . would not recommend this item to anyone .
it looks good , but it broke in half horizontally after about a week . it must have thin cardboard in it .
it looked cool but broke the first time my friend tried to wear it . would not buy this item again .
this product did not work like other probiotics we have used . it didn't seem like this probiotic worked at all .
it made the mrs . happy . now it's all she wants to do and it's ruining my marriage . don't buy . x
it just looked very cheap ! i would have never bought this if i would have seen it in the store .
the wrong size was sent . the product also has a very very strong rubber smell that literally fills the house .
this arrived scratched and the edges where very rough so much so i cannot use this in my home
this did not work very well in my area nyc . i had to go back to usingmy old antenna .
i gave it to my public library . i hope others enjoy it more than me . i guess inspirational book only .
does not fit the phone good , causing the bottom clip to crack . and therfore phone wont stay on the clipat all .
everything about this guitar was really cheap . worst part was that the neck was badly warped at the th fret .
too slow of a movie not a well directed movie . i would not pay to rent it . get it free ,
fisk shoes are oversized . . should be a . . i tried the and had to return them . very dissapointed .
i never could quite get into this one . maybe it is for a much younger set rather than senior citizens .
i used this to help seal my carburetor gasket to prevent leaksand it didn't work ! idk what happened ? slight vacuum leak
it keeps water out , but you can't use your phone unless you take it out of case .
it has already broken after a week black plastic shell is thin and cracked . i do not recommend this case .
thread breaks easily , beads too small for even the tiniest needle , and not enough sequensi won't buy bucilla again .
it doesn't charge your controller . but my batteries are dead so this cord is ok for now i guess
the solution release mechanism was broken . the vac could not even be put together . save yourself the time and trouble .
basically it didn't work . i don't know why but it just didn't . it was kinda disappointing not going to lie .
they have no bass they sound like tin cupsthey dont have good sound quality not like original apple products
not worth dollars at all the quality just sucks i can get better cases for two dollars junk baby
not so good . it was cheap , but the connectors dont seem to fit correctly . s you get what you pay
way too big for standard size can or jar contents . it worked , but was hard to clean .
this screen wasn't needed since i have a cover . plus it did not stick to the screen . i pitched them .
i really would have liked to used this book but there was no recipes or ingredients shown mostly blank pages .
i have two short hair chihuahuas and it broke before i was even done with the first one .
this is totally a rip off . it is bigger and not fit ! don t never ever buy this
not at all what i expected . a very long research paper .
the pattern is obviously nice but the description is deceiving since this is a comforter , not a quilt . just fyi
not what i expected it was just not the material or not what u wanted . it was way too tin .
i don't know how i let these hard bodies trick me into watching this waste of time movie . pure garbage .
not good
such a cute idea and looked great on my feet but crushed my pinky toe . footbed could've been softer too .
there's actually no slow speed . its slowest speed would be called medium high on other mixers . be prepared for a mess .
i don't work on a kindel fire hd . i do not know how to remove it either . as i don't want it .
bad
these are small , cheap , and flimsy . don't bother buying these razors . i threw them all away after i used one .
the tooth brush heads do look the same but does not attach correctly . unfortunately , i would not purchase these again .
plastic wrapped with no spindle box . also , they're branded jvc t yuden joint venture . these are good discs , but not what was represented .
i ordered the size appropriate for my son according to the chart and they were very short he can't wear them .
i found the cd to be lacking in interpretation , production values and engineering . for an audiophile cd , i'd look elsewhere
the description said this was a foot cord but when i received it , it was only feet long .
didn't have the openings in the correct places . the openings were close to correct , but we weren't playing horseshoes
one of the cheesiest pieces of film i've ever seen . horrible cheese . literally put me to sleep .
i got the wrong item . i paid and i got an item worth . they refunded me the money
again u can tell this was is computer generated . not worth the download time or space it takes up
consumer reports didn't rate this very highly . the one i later bought was rated well and works fine . nuff said .
stopped working after few weeks
i'm not sure on the content of this iteam as i have yet to recieve it . months later
this guide is just an expanded instruction manuel . no maps no walkthroughs in the guide nothing . dont waste your money
i had the alcohawk before and liked it . this one isn't worth the cost savings . too flimsy and poor construction .
guinea pigs wouldn't eat it . this bag contained hard , yellow straw . i ended up putting it in the compost pile .
bought in years , all stopped working after a few months , will go to other brands .
doesn't have much vibrating power or effectiveness . the texture is pleasant to the touchdon't think i'd recommend it for other buyers
brother printer was not compatible with the product instructions , which were poor at best . never worked to clear ink issues
the red ink leaked when put into printer wasted cartidge . replaced it with new manufactured ink cartridge in printer period
the examples don't make much sense and there is little explanation to help you understand them .
save your money . end of story . i am unable to give this gift away .
i bought this for my wife for christmas as of we have sent it back twice for repairs . junk !
the plot was not at all believable to me . far too many predictable and boring characters . it was a bit boring !
phone was never recognized by my system , and the cable connecter broke after insertions .
it was not a favorite .
it didn't come with directions the suction cup display seemed to make more sense so i returned this item .
didn't get the full book only a couple of chapters so not really able to rate this book for now
i was a little disappointed . there were a lot of typos throughout the book . i found two contradictions . won't recommend .
book is terribly written . grammar is terrible . story not well written , drags on . my children could of written better one .
it didn't work .
horrible product , falling apart as i took it out of the box . very flimsy the plastic had cracks and scratches .
gives a very weak charge regardless how long my ipod is connected . save your money
the dvd will not play well , it freezes which makes it diffcult to watch some tracks on it
i didn't even crack a smile and have up about ten minutes into the show . don't bother raising your time .
this is the worse piece of furniture i had ever purchased . having a hard time getting a return . don't buy
this is my second kindle with keyboard but its screen still had problem after a short period of use . disappointed !
poor quality and very small . the paint was bubbled in some spots and chipped in others . i returned the items .
had a lot of action . the witch thing was confusing . the actors were ok , yet not memorable . may be nexttime .
rope broke first time it was worn , it fell to the pavement and shattered . my wife was also heart broken
not accurate . simply doesn't seem to work . you could never trust it to give you the correct weather . no good .
get this book if you want to waste your money . get this tutorial and you will be better off .
did not work ! a good idea but the vibration was not strong enough . this was cumbersome during sex .
useless . author has little or no knowledge of product . why does amazon offer this . did they not review this book ?
it looks cool but for serious gamers the paint rubes off after time so i would not get this sorry
too many issues . simply won't power on anymore . buy something else . i believe all wd products have falsely boosted reviews .
the bra straps kept popping off since day one and it didn't have pushup padding like i would have hoped .
pillow just needs to be firmer for support . it was just too spongy , not like the one i had before .
a swing and a miss , they tried but the movie just did not pull together . a waste of my time .
it is a knock off and quality reflects that .
not so easy and does not always work when you touch clues . escape was much better .
crystals started falling off quickly . not well made .
fan is too noisy at lowest setting to allow sleep . i have several vornado fans that do not have this problem .
pretty much the entire body of this is very cheap plastic construction . weak !
the book was simplistic and characters not well developed . i felt that it was written by a high school kid .
furchtbar mnawe'll have to check our rubbish heap for words low enough to properly dis this hokum flub flop .
this speaker stopped working at the first time , and started to make a unstoppable high pitch noise .
capsules contain shellfish . that would have been nice to know before ordering . thank gawd i read the label before taking .
did not know it was going to have flowers on it showed it as black when ordering it
this is not inch drapery ring . the actual outer diameter is . , while the actual inner diameter is . .
wish i wouldn't have wasted my money on this . it drags on and on and never really takes off ! bbooorrriiinnngg !
this book was uninteresting , pseudo intellectual , profoundly irritating and a complete waste of time , money , and mindshare .
this book is interesting but is poorly written . a lot of misspelled words and incorrect grammar . i was not impressed .
i bought this music for a church fiesta . so very unappropriated , so we did not use it at the party .
it doesnt work wor my kindle fire or my android so i can not give a good rate to this
cheap really really cheap . i hate it
most wonderful flavor first thing in the morning . will definitely be interested in ordering from you soon .
cheap hat . very thin and looks more like a costume hat . if you want a quality hat this is not it
wont open . wont even load i will be getting the martha stewart mag instead . don't need the agrivation .
it don't show pacific time and i have missed gymnastics because of this crudy app ! delete so flipping stupid
i do not know how i can use this super tiny little notebook . if you don't mind , then , buy it
it is not strong , breaks where the small connection is . of them with the same problems . do not buy them .
irritating noise .
made a bad situation worse . all the lint got caught in there . serious fire hazard . it's in the trash now .
not as i expectedmy money has been wasted i can not use it for many things just for back up
i used this item to help with my back pain and instead it burned my back . don't buy this product .
huge
depressing time line , depressing characters , depressing story
thisthe claiming of sleeping beautybook was nothing like fifty shades of grey . pure trash . very dehumanizing to the human race . disgusting .
does not workand i don't have any other thing to say but thatit does not workthank you
do not buy , the measurement scale is inaccurate and the needle always has some error and that keeps changing everytime
acting is poor and too over the top . just wasn't believable .
got the product and tried it different ways and could not get to work in any respect . do not recommend .
these are too salty and over roasted , as compared to the wonderful pistachios in shell . they are priced pretty well , though .
thought it would be more protective . . love it but doesn't seem durable at all a little disappointed
i wear a size and these did not fit at all , do not get if you have big thighs
lacks the sharp whit of other bruce campbell pics . cute , but makes a better rental .
sewing on seams poorly reinforced . need to reinforce seams due to stress from memory foam . will not recommend this to friends .
very disappointed in the mango . doesn't taste a bit like mango . tried the bananas and they are terrific .
no smell . difficult to mix together . not worth the money . loved some of the other hempz products . didn't lather well .
this is mot what i expected . but it does cause people to ask questions and it is a conversation piece .
uncomfortable and really itchy material . not worth the money . sorry . really bad quality , i guess you get what you pay for
three packages of the six shipped came in broken where product was exposed . these will have to be disposed of .
not played with often , but is played by one family member , keeps him going when others games are used
too complicated and detailed for me to deal with . i returned mine and ordered something different . just not my thing
este es un producto est aacute ndar , el precio es muy alto , el manejo es complicado por el tama ntilde o , no me gusta
bad album , bad album . she could've at least tried to put some effort forth in making a decent album .
lasted less than a week . burned out before we could even get used to it . terrible ! i'll beware next time .
this is the worst popcorn maker i ever owned . i used it a few times and it broke . beware beware don't buy it
it seemed like a great item when i got it until it broke the nd day , i would not recommend
this must be the wrong product for this image . the rainbow trout lure has many spots on it .
it works for a couple of months and then i have to order a new one . not all that good
i had hoped to use this in our school's drama class but it did not go over well with them
i dont think i can say no enough so . no no no no no no dont no get no it .
this game should never being made you can even see yourself and you try hitting you opponent i dont recomend
doesn't feel st person shooter actual combat throw clones or the gamer technology ! too much you go metal not energy !
may work good as a protector , but can't get all the air bubbles out of it and causes poor visibility
first two out of the package had leaks . brand new ! don't waste your money .
we don't speak german . the pictures are great . but sadly the children tired of video . we had to delete it .
i would rather get what the usga puts out . i have not been able to update as of last sunday .
i heard tracks from this played on fm radio . can't say i see all the fuss .
i just bought this item but the seller sent me the mm battery without any charger !
these screen protectors were really really thick and wouldn't stay on with my case . and i hate the application process
did not work at all . contact inside broken so could not turn on . ordered an upgraded version . hoping that it will work .
the shoes were very cute and fit well , but the strap broke after wearing them a few hours . quite disappointed .
most i had very few surprises it's nice for newbies , it's an okay far from being the best . skip it .
i received early , unfortunately unit does not work does not beep or work , do not waste your money . i feel ripped off
miniscule
this isn't a very good quality case , i wouldn't recommend buying it .
this recording is defective ! do not purchase this version , the very end of the tune is not there . sloppy editing .
banned from gcc market . i think due to the caffeine . used it didn't get any results but i'm still alive
it is not long enough , and does not close . i need to send it back for a refund , waste of my time
after i purchased this episode . the video wouldn't play so i don't know if the episode is good or not .
my year old is wheelchair bond , and instead of receiving becky we got olympic barbie edition . not pleased .
will go back in the winter and try to read again . not what i expectedthe book is a punishment to read .
this is an old book , so it looks dated . and the instructions are unclear and full of errors .
loud static on this phone , had to return it . purchased for elderly mom with hearing issues , this made it worse .
it doesn't clean properly . waste of money , do not waste your time or money on these cleaning cloths y
bad boring hard game at first it was stupid and good thing it was free because its not worth money
. ? no . may be around will be ok . sound is not clear not stay in my ear comfortably etc .
it only works with nuk bottle , and is too flimsy . i would not recommend it . unless you have nuk bottles .
loved the book , actors , new orleans , music . wish i could have seen the original before the edits . save your money .
very cheaply made
changing colors
rip off to say the least . it is a total fake it will not work at all on any device
broken trunk cheap quality
makes the back bulge a little . ignore it and you'll eventually have a back case with a permanent stress mark
daughter was disappointed . cheap looking .
it is not complete bible , even not half the book . you need to check before putting this in your e book .
never worked a real pos . it is total junk not worth the spit to spit on it is total junk
falls apart as soon as you start using it . don't recommend it to anyone , spend more and get something better .
its not practical . it didn't fit most fingers . it was either too tight or too loose . what a waste ! smh
junk
it wasn't what i expected . this game is kinda boring sorry would not recommend . not a fun game . thank you
they sold me the book in december ! should have told me before it shipped . partially my fault , too . word
they break easily like if you drop them or they break by themselve i don't recommend this . do not buy
the pgi bk ink did not work in my canon mp printer . a bit frustrating , all of the other colors worked .
very irresponsible writing that treats readers as idiots
i ordered a hard bound book because the binding gave way in my old one . this has the same binding
i can't get into it at all . i'm not even half way though and have no intensions of finishing it .
one of the boots was defective . the structure of this boot is not good . it folds near the ankle area
this is definitely not a page turner i wouldn't consider thriller either in fact i would consider it at all
i dont watch movies due to the facy i have no need to watch them at all . no need t
commentary difficult to access . for some reason , the nasb version of the maca bible has the commentary which is accessible .
its to weakthe wire is so tinyi don't like this headphonesare really badnothing like in the picture
wig and hairnet were acceptable , but the moustache and goatee part were laughable . youd be better off painting them on
they did the what they could to make this very deceptive add . it is , not , as it looks .
it was an ok book , kinda short though . it is good to read to pass some time . i would recommend it
the suit was of nice quality color , but the size was more like a medium , not true to size .
i had to purchase another case much better than this ! it broke weeks after purchasing . wasted my money . oh well
yahoo ! used to be fun . now it's just a bunch of mall cops deleting even the most relevant jokes .
the worst attempt at fantasy storytelling i've ever tried to read . i couldn't get past the th page or so .
hinges broke on first day . began rusting while at beach . returned it . poor quality or i received a used returned one
what a cliched and narrow perspective . neither convincing nor is it interesting . puh lease .
not compatible with samsung galaxy note , which has a bitchin' camera and should rock the hell out of pricecheck .
terrible ending
very disappointed with this hard case product had it days and a peedlooks much better than what it is
i have the whole series storyline wasn't what i expected . maybe i will try a different book by ms yoder
this plug had too short a receptor area for the appliance plug and failed to work .
do not stay on well when walking . cheap but there are better ones for a few dollars more .
i bought this for the title track of bridge of sighs . all the other tracks on both albums were unremarkable .
michael tellinger just copied works by zecharia sitchin and then added his own political nonsense .
all the one stars are right this is not compatible with new computer and just crashes with error message . bummer !
my nambe is years old and still great but has completely lost its shine . soap and water does more .
way over priced . don't purchase .
it won't work on the kindle fire hd . all i get is a x sample type square to play with .
does not work . it is a fantastic pc . of crapwould not recommend to anyone . not worth . good stuff
really did not fit correctly as i expected . not very good quality either . i would not recommend this to anyone .
glib , superficial , skinerian a waste of time .
this is seriously just a picture of his face . uhhh .
do i need to really tell you why it's a star game ! ?
it was cheaply made and we ended up donating it . it looked good in the picture but was horrible !
this game sucks its not puting the name of my person in the box and its getting anoying so much acirc middot
the humidifier needs two filters , i dont know where is the other one . i only received one . one is useless
chinese made , low quality . bent , does not turn true . crudely sharpened , producing an oversized hole . probably first rate by communist standards .
i just thought it was monotonous and dull .
did not fit the note ii as stated ! took three weeks to get , and was a total waste of money !
suggested retail price is over , i got ripped off and i payed .
the scenery was beautiful and breathtaking but overall the plot was lame and the ending predictable . cameo guest nice surprise .
pattern was off center on one of them , and there was a bubble blemish in the clear coat on the other one
these headphones are not for the xbox . whoever labelled these obviously has never tried them out . cheap useless junk .
simply put , this is the worst math textbook i have ever come across . it is completely unhelpful in learning calculus .
open the package , removed the battery protective tape and nothing worked . terrible do not buy this product adsfeafaefaef ewqf eewa
it's a cute bracelet , but the chain on it broke the first day i wore it . u am not satisfied .
this is not working with my controller
i get this pool home and within hours of the pump working it petters out .
very cheaply made and product did not fit my ipad as advertise , i would not recommend buying to anyone else .
not only was this book not funny , i found it truly disturbing and could not finish it .
so bad , it can't cut any thing
the only thing this app actually does is tell you how big a block has to for the given measurements
practically a thin , low thread count bed sheet . work's well enough unless you have some light source behind it .
i would suggest a course in creative writing for joshua perkins . has good ideas , needs to express them more creatively .
this is not sheryl crow . total waste of money . if i could give it a zewro i would .
it won't recharge my iphone s , so is useless . the phone says that the device is unsupported . i returned it .
did not fit my android smart phone as advertised .
the end that connects to the phone came apart , i manage to use crazy glue , to hold it together .
not loud enough for me . does not suit my needs . looks good when clipped on to top of an ipad .
didn't really enjoy this game . the tracks are not that great and the graphics and bikes are not the best .
i did not like it . the game takes forever to get a family u can only get person at a time
funny . there are no verified amazon purchasers that reviewed this product . so no way to authenticate their opinions . look elsewhere .
the paper cups are too light they can't be used twice .
it is an overpriced piece of plastic about the same quality as the crap you get with a new computer
took minutes to make juice and half an hour to clean machine . does this make sence !
i got a kondle and a bunch of apps say kindle tablet edition even though they arent avaoliable for kindle . fire
it was a pretty pink , but the silver buttons started falling off like a month after i bought it .
the pineapple is beautiful , but i did not care for the way the rest of the shawl worked up .
the ropes broke on this hammock within one month . we did get our money back , but not worth even buying .
written in long prose narrative , not easy to find things to do and get details of the activities , kinda boring .
i didn't order this an it was on my kindle an my google nexus as well as my kids kindles
the keychain looked nice and had a good sized stone , but my son broke it in less than a week .
loved the length and flexibility , great for washing my dive gear and pets but it started leaking after months .
not satisfiedi expected it to be with magnetic shut off but it is not . it does protect the i pad .
this is not great since it's bulky and cheap . hard to tell when you don't see the product in person .
it's good at wasting their time and money to get your to waste your time , money , and your mind .
why on god's green earth does any director need to show two dudes mackin' out . comes only from the perverted mind .
this not come with any adapter type , no lo recomiendo , es una robo porque no tiene como engacharlo al carro
these are not as comfy as the ones i tried in store . tight around my narrow foot , no support . returned .
the book seemed more like something from the ozarks than flagstaff ! yucky characters .
i didn't think this game would be so difficult to get into . but i never achieved success ! i don't recommend .
it was free so i downloaded it n it was rlly boring im glad it was free blah blah blah
expected black and grey . was sent blue . they need to be more specific . was advertised as black and gray . beware
great deal , but known for false negatives across google . my wife and i havent got pregnant yet , so we will see
it's too small i have an average size head , and it is tight and thin , not a great hat .
product didn't match the photo displayed . the thumb whole doesn't extend like in the photo it is just a cutout .
the other reviews are correct . the granules have no effect on dogs , or any other animal for that matter
it's not the rite case for my tablet i picked the wrong one nd i have no use for it .
its the wrong size and the return page freezes and will not allow me to exchange it . very frustrating purchase
lightning connector inner metal piece broke off on first use .
fulfills its functions is nothing unusual is normal price , easy to use , compatible with devices that use needed it . good price
the backs were a copper color when i received them . not high qualitypoorly madedo not buy this
i have never received the microphone nor have i received a refund as the company said they would do .
downloaded to watch the oscars and it didn't work . irritating . i am not sure who to blame kindle or abc ? grrr .
one of the lower rung dummies books . does not give the most valuable information , like how to do it all .
this would appeal to a very limited number of colletors , and i am out side of these highly experienced collectors
was far from as nice as it looked in the picture . inexpensive but was disappointed . would not recommend this wig .
i dont like the theme so i don't read any more and i thought that was other think so bad
this is just a rip off . there are only new weapons and they are nearly useless . don't waste your money .
i was excited to read this book but halfway through i started skimming through all . the . way . to . the . end .
just never got moving and i gave up . i never quit reeading something when i start . this time i did .
this is not up to the level of neil's early works .
the picture is dark when you first turn the tv on . not good
not only did this charger stop working on first charge , it broke my trimmer . waste of . thanks for nothing .
it is an interesting toy . well made , but my cat does not like it and does not play with it .
it was only . and so i thought i'd try it . not worth it ! answers to some qeestions were wrong
simply horrible . the acting , dialogue , directing . even the cgi wasn't that good . steaming pile of .
no matter what i did or how many times i cleaned this , the coffee tasted of plastic . finally threw away
battery is not oem samsung , print and water mark sticker are different and performance is not the same . buyer beware .
not worth it
wasn't even in hd
doesn't snap together very poor quality didn't like it at all it is of very cheap quality
junk . fell apart
if i knew that half of the movie was edited out i wouldn't have bought it .
informativebut deceptive !
the sound quality wasn't the best , broke pretty quickly . the mic never worked for me when i first revived it .
this thing is very cheap and a waste of money . no instructions an very small . does not keep time accurately .
did nothing for me at all complete waste of my money i used just as directed but had no results ! sorry
i bought it for by boyfriend since he plays golf and said it is uncomfortable . the sleeve is too long .
not worth the money .
. the sheets are not cotton . they are thin and limp . the only good thing they do cover the mattress well .
so so
this book was of no doubt a waste of my time . many of the jokes were even takes on racism .
i did not think that what was provided was related to what i thought the th edition should have beee .
would not recommend to anyone , cake is smaller than in the picturethe taste is very bad , icing taste like paste .
product is very cheaply made . will not ever be able to use . certainly not what i expected . would not recommend .
this took forever to get here , then when it finally arrived , it was broken . i wouldn't recommend it .
wrong lamp only good thing was his refunded without return of his product as agreed upon
this phone is crap its prepaid and its and it doesnt even have unlimited features like what the heck ? ! ? !
plot poorly conceived , characters weak , president's response breyond belief , and in short too improbable even for a dedicated sci fi reader
a boring blah book . i don't recommend . you wont learn anything . there are much better books available . do your research .
not my cup of tea . lost my interest in the first chapters .
this product is a lie . don't work at all . don'tbuy it . to be honest , i feel i lost my money .
i don't like it because to much things are in the way and it has to be in a time
the tubes while well made leak at the base and may not be worthwhile to purchase
i had to return it . the case is defective very disappointed in this product ! i ent my money back now
the purse was nice looking but the handle sides peeled of after very few uses . not worth the money .
i sent the belt back to small . i take a sometimes a .
too juvenile . too choppy . i've already removed it permanently from my purchases and there is no danger of me every re purchasing it
it was a good price , but it broke after a month . i won't buy again .
these may be songs you are familiar with , but they are not sung the same way . preview before you buy .
i was very disappointed the connector into the phone pulled out of the wire stuck in the phone .
i was very excited about this case but when i got it , it was broken . i was very sad
double dipping is not acceptable . release the ee immediately , skip this theatrical release version .
did not read .
could have been edited down to a minute tv episode . british humor is funny , but just being british is not funny
colorful and pretty , but had to return them . they were way too big . they would fit a man's foot better .
this set is completely junk ! faded to nothing after the first wash !
mathematical convolution and a boring fanciful plot that is predictable . it doesn't even rate a star . i wouldn't recommend it .
it probably needs to be broken in but i have actually broken a grease fitting trying to remove this coupler .
my fault . ordered wrong one . ad did not make it clear to me that it would not fit my helmet .
just shows link error that is all this product does ! . pls don't waste your money and buy another brand ! .
bought it , loved it , then threw it in the trash when i found out talc is as toxic as asbestos . .
annoyingly big box for such a small product , they do however work as they should , so not a bad product .
came nonfunctional . that's about all i got on this . i didn't even go through the hassle of getting a replacement .
i have worn orthaheel shoes before but this pair was horrible . i returned them because they were that painful . ugh !
very well designed product , but not well built . it ripped after months of use ! i recommend case it binders .
two player reverse direction doesn't work . how do i get my money back ? how do i get this fixed ? sux
wire came out with first wash
thus item does not come with funnel . how am i suppose to use it ? very disappointing should come with funnel !
great dane was scared of it and continually knocked it over .
thing gives off the mushroom head look , and the straps are kinda chinsey , and have bad placement
don't buy . return the first pair a week later and months later the nd pair seem ripped . cheap , cheap , crap .
i reserved of them and neither of them worked i just gave up on trying to make it right
johnny and roy do not appear in this dvd much . big disappointment . but the rest of the dvd's are great .
didn't work for my needs . hard to set up . not very user friendly . returned .
it blew out after about miles . unusable garbage , put a champion tube in and it's well worth it . rubbish
did not fit , nor could we make it work .
i thought it was too long and drawn out . also it was written like a text book . kind of boring .
i wanted to love this soap , but the scent is off putting and i don't actually think it's very cleansing . disappointed .
this did not fit my apc ups . it is just a little too big to fit into the battery compartment
cheap plastic and also borken do not buy its bad it get hot and not work past one day old
this card was unreadable in different readers on two different computers . it was useless .
wrong cord
hard to turn tablet on when in the case , can't use camera in case , no cutouts for camera lenses !
ive just recently purchased the phoenix controller . is this for xbox or xbox . how do use it ? help !
charcoal does not hold flame well . very cheap burns as so
after a year of use , began to defect of focus and had to dismiss it for that .
do not install in sleeping areas . the on and off buzzing will keep you awake all night .
this item looked like glass in it , then the glass fell out of it . it looked really horrible and cheap
this phone is garbage i threw it away after i got it . what a waste . shouldnt have bought it . .
looks cheap , and feels cheap . i would not reccomend anyone buying this . mine goes directly to the second hand store .
the data cable is considered unauthorized on the k m krzr . also , the cd contains no drivers .
cheap and disposable . just what you would expect . kids had a great time tith it .
worked fairly well , but broke only a few months after receiving it .
i never recommend this book for the people who want to give gre exam . really bad book . don't choice this .
lots of static sometimes . not loud enough . not as good as the cheapy i lost .
the app is not reliable . the new game golden goddess , jumps and does a spazmodic spinning then sometimes times out .
what good is a bump cap if it won't stay on your head when bending over ? needs a better adjustment method .
of the bags ripped the first time i used them . i am waiting for space bag to replace them .
the pin bent on my first attempt to use it and the thing was useless .
they are of very low quality . flimsy ! not at all what i expected .
i didn't like the book only because it isn't my favorite genre . it wasn't my to my taste , that's all .
his are words which red or blue of box odd and problem brain make sure . or race to change what .
first time size was to big i need a in this slipper , made well just way to big
i bought this book when i first started sitting . it was too vague and not very helpful .
it says it's free then have to pay to unlock . also had a hard time finding it on my kindle
don't buy this book , you will be just too annoyed about how this guy has made money out of you .
the song when they are walking in to prom is called i'm out outlaw by n . e . r . d
looks cheap
i hate it . not worth the money . now i have to buy a diffent book and spenn more money .
bad bad bad ! i did not like it at all especially the language . should be reported as it is gross !
i agree with the other review here . strong wintergreen taste not in line with any root beer i've ever had .
the part where you twist it on the hose doesn't match up
fits very loose on both of my different vacuums , very impractical to use . would not suggest this item to anyone .
bad material . feels cheap , looks cheaper . never used it .
unable to style texture was not good . the way it was cut couldn't change even after washing the hair wig .
they are very very thin . it's almost the same as not having any mitts on . they only work as decoration .
this doesn't work with my verizon galaxy s . at all . i tried multiple fixes , and utilized a google search too .
the suction cups do not work . they stay on for minute and that's it . what a waste of money !
too bad ! i bought limited edition and received standart edition . . . . . . . . .
too bulky , hard to mold , pieces detach from each other after a short use . overpriced from nike i expected better .
flys way to fast . falls down all the time . daughter played wirh it for muns huge waste of money
i love embryolisse skin care product , but this one is just not for me . it dries my t zone area .
sucked , sucked , sucked , sucked sucked , sucked . i need fourteen more words for my comments block , so it still sucked bad
poor quality , bluetooth connection makes a loud crackle sound .
fair worth the time if you don't have anything else to do . thankfully you don't have to buy it . go rental
it didn't work for me , no changes unfortunately , i would say it even got worse . i can't recommend this product
awaiting a return slip . these shoes are a poor fit and are very uncomfortable sorry
i cannot believe how boring this book is . don't waste your time buying this . i expected more , but was fooled .
the story line jumps around . stupid . if i could choose stars i would . gave up and deleted this one .
the zipper broker after uses . i was only using to take my lunch to the office so typical use .
these are fast but inaccurate and break easily bet bigger and more accurate bb's
broke in less than a week , not worth the fourteen words needed for a review , not a good product period
do not purchase this item . this item should not be called a vacuum ! will not pick up anything ! jim s .
didn't work . very dissatisfied . and it's very short ! wouldn't recommend it to anyone ! this was a huge waste of money !
not recommended
the game is just terrible . i went to play it and it has all this complicated stuff . not worth your time .
waste of money ! doesn't work . get stuck and jams on each shot . batteries are drained very quickly . cannot be used manually .
this cd sucks . the songs are flat . the blue has no soul in this cd .
both of the cartridges did not work and were rejected by the printer . have used remade cartridges before and worked .
it broke within a couple months .
did not get everything with it . report it on april and still did not get it right yet
bad quality . keep looking
zipper was extremely hard to zip up even with the dress off . dress ran very small in the chest .
this this did not work good for me and i don't like it . not so smart !
i ordered ancient history from beyond the veil , and i never received it ! is this possibly on back order , perhaps ?
listed as a fit for my model , do not fit at all .
these in ear headphones have great sound quality , but they won't stay in my ears which makes them worthless .
probably a good history lesson bad overall movie . i stopped watching after minutes . should i have continued ? maybe .
i ordered an extra large and it is more like a small . very disappointed .
this heater lasted months . tried to return and wasn't able to because the window already expired . waste of money .
cheap u get what u pay for things wouldn't fit in the vents waste of my money
doesn't work with comcast texas .
really fake sounding laughs . in my opinion good fart was better . and plus their were only two laughs . bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha . mw .
this product literally lasted for two weeks and completely came apart ! do not buy this product ! a complete waste of money !
this cd dvd would not operate play in the usa on my cd dvd player , and was marketed as a region product .
great service perfect for glare and finger printswould highly recommend to anyonewill buy again from tech armor folks
way to large . i'm a and should have gotten a small .
didn't fit worth a crap , kept falling off and we ended up throwing it in the garbage . piece of junk .
lots of good information . not something i could use , however , i asked for a refund .
can't rate as recepient never received product even though it was signed for at the location .
these heads are terrible as they just do not work . what a rip off do not buy this product !
lots of problems with backhandpass feels more like an over the shoulder pass , and not in a good fashion . car problems to postal . later
i ordered these gloves in xl but they were too small . not worth sending back shipping too expensive .
el libro no detalla mucha informaci oacute n que se pueda poner en pr aacute ctica , no es una gu iacute a mas bien son consejos .
it's really flimsy , made out of cheap foam . folded when shipped , so now it has a crease . it's really small .
battery life is horrible . sreen resolution is bad and space key is irritating . .
this product split in two places after use of less than a month . i would not recommend it at all !
not what the picture looks like at all ! wish i could have my money back ! picture is so deceiving . ridiculous
would not recommend this product . poor quality , esp . for doors with thresholds . it was really more trouble then it was worth .
thia case had my sons hopes up but now the camp part on the back is slowly peeling off .
poor quality and ugly look not worth for money . i will never recommend to my friends . good luck to shop around .
this is really bad . i put out and never receive another wordhave a great day be we'll tobrian
thickslick logo starting to fade only rode xmeh ok not great but alright slightly heavywill get sport version next time
they were so hard to bite on . the taste was not good at all . i will not buy it again .
the app is great other than the fact that i can't finish a slideshow without pages going blank ! please fix !
do not buy , does not work , this is junk , does not work on g tablet or asus tablet fffff ffffffffffffff
not as i expected , cheep material . some stuff where good this item in particular was not up to par
for a decent plot and and decent actors , this movie is an awful mess . stay as far away as possible .
what i hate about the game is it never lets get into it . so don't waste your time getting it .
unlike every other nike item i've ever purchased , this does not run small and in fact , it is much larger .
the decals came off in the first warm water hand washing . we are very disappointed . a total waste of money !
there is no character development , no credible premise , not a single memorable sentence , and no irony in sight .
this basket was so small , my daughter was ultra disappointed , you hardly get anything for over dollars ! don't buy .
the soccer shoe was not a true size , you will need to order vthe shoe one more size bigger
very cheap sword and definitely not worth the money . broke within minutes of giving this item as a gift .
cheap , cheap , cheap
seriously cheap . wouldn't stay closed . i gave up after a day . don't buy .
terrible
fell apart after a few months . not worth the money
if they're the best , i would not like to see the worst . is calling them the best a joke ?
it was weird and had many typos or maybe translation errors . was it written is a language other than english ?
the photo is white , the title says silver and the basket is dark grey . doesn't fit quarter inch pegboard either .
clock portion did not work . not all items could dock , some still had to be plugged into unit . returned
came in a pouch type bag , not even a box . cheap product not worth the money . would not recommend it
it was so bad i couldn't come close to finishing it . will never read another book by this author again .
i can not watch this dvd on my dvd player not happy it did not state unsuitable for australian dvds
if you read one of these books you read all like them , short , or maybe not short of being porno .
not a close shave at all . after hrs u need a shave again . nooo i would not recommend this product !
broke easy bc of the cheap weak plastic that holds the phone in place , broke after hours after recieving
i was disappointed . i found the coffee to be bitter instead of full bodied and i usually love tully's coffee .
i didn't hate it i just never received it .
when i got my package the i in kiss was missing , next time i'll just get my decals from kohls
do not waste your money . in my first trip the stitching starting unravelling . not impressed . i won't recommend this blanket .
i took it and saw no results would definitely not recommend purchasing if anyone asks .
terrible book , awful author .
the app crashes and now i can't remove it . fix the app and i will try it again . thanks .
missing my free app . guess u will check back in the morning . good night amazon see you in seven hours
did not fit and i am returning it for credit . hopefully i will be able to find one that fits .
this book had an old information on what you can eat during the pregnancy . that's why i never used it !
the description said it would accommodate the loom and i don't think it does . otherwise , it is a nice box .
not a product i recommend . not really compatible with samsumg smarttv
this dress sizes run very small . and tight . it may have been previously sold and returned as it arrived torn .
extremely poor sound quality . . . bad recording or reproduction , renders the video not watchable .
it did not fit right it says it's for a samsung galaxy s but it did not fit that phone .
not real impressed
not useful if you actually want to learn or teach about witchcraft and magic .
this is junk the locking on the leg is weak and broke before shot was even fired junk pile
i never got to actually use this app because it never would finish loading up on my kindle fire hd .
says it was for . but dont fit very frustrated fill that its miss leading . for people to bye this product
temperature is at least off . not accurate so get another one . i bought mostly for temperature too so definite disappointment .
illustrations are boring , lack color , and not eye catching . why are there eleven more word required for this review ? thanks
it is the same like the picture
this book does not do mahabharata justice . only a few page , overprice , skipping a lot of stories
was ok not the best godzilla movie !
this is pure garbage and whoever manufacturers these should be ashamed of themselves for marketing such a piece of junk .
has feel apart already .
cute but didn't last very long .
a bit bulky to use
not much more to be said . i followed the directions for planting these seeds they never germinated . too bad , really .
have not been able to load the upgrade . keep s failings . facebook worked fine before now error messages .
smart phones are a better option . kindle is a toy , not a good value . glad i didn't pay retail
it works fine when it's connected but it doesn't work when you unplug it
ebooks cost less than hardcovers to print and to warehouse . they should cost less . don't let macmillan rip you off .
i bought the otterbox my daughters i phone cracked when she dropped it . this happened this past weekendvery dissapointed
these junkers didn't even make it through one week of carrying them in my pocket . waste of money and plastic .
item was smaller than expected . almost comical .
rides up quite a bit , pouch is kind of uncomfortable feels cheaply made . i'd recommend you save your money
i wouldn't recommend these sheets . they are thread count , and feel very low quality .
cheaply made .
not good at all . very weird book . quite disappointed . wish i didn't spend the money . on to the next book .
they look pretty good from a distance and it actually performs well , but it's cheap and noisy . buy something better .
it doesn't teach you how to play drums it really really sucks but it's not that bad it's my opinion
this hose split at the end where it screws into the faucet which completely ruins the use of the hose .
never grew more than a inch tall would not buy again
not that great . don't waste your money . followed the directions perfectly and it ended up pealing in about a week
don't expect this produce to burn fat . just didn't seem to work the way dr . oz said on his program .
written instructions would have simplifed installation
i found this story to be very odd . it wasn't cute and it made me pity the little mutant duckfish .
we really love the bag , but noticed that the seam started fraying within a week or two of buying it .
the story line is intriguing . the book is extremely repetitive . statements are made over and over . a very hard read .
wasted . money buying this , to slow . it's garbage and i would like my money back but that probably won't happen .
while these songs look good they are re recordings . so take this into consideration when contemplating a purchase .
it causes palpitations and nervousness . i could not sleep after taking this .
bug in the game that made the kindle act strange not worth the time to play it
but i had to return this and it was way over priced so i had to return this item asap
very slow story hard to get into , could not recommend this book sorry to be so negative . , about this book
terrible quality . stand is flimsy and broke right off . only had the case for week . i would not recommend this to anyone !
junk blade broke st time i used it , would not buy . professional jumbo ratcheting pvc pipe cutter capacity
the rhinestones started coming off immediately . within a week most of the rhinestones on the side were gone . very annoying !
this product will do nothing for you if you have problem skin . save your money , it is not worth it !
i hate it .
not what i was looking for and it was very buggy on my android ics . tablet . . . .
too long and preposterous too many insignificant characters pretty much boring at times the entire flow was not at all very smooth too long
my year old likes it . i know it is only mp but the quality of the pictures is terrible .
it stunk . there were terrible graphics , and it was amazingly glithy . i haven't played it since i first got it .
bought this and it came with no charger . extremely disappointed . no way to return it , as i live in jamaica .
the antenna only manages to pick up a handful of stations and less if the weather is uncooperative . look elsewhere .
rod eye was smashed when arrived
difficult to put on . had a lot of bubbles and i had a t t store put it on .
shutter wouldn't close anymore after rd use . so couldn't take camera anywhere to prevent lens from getting scratched damaged .
a relationship of convience without a scintanna of passion between people who relate like automatons . truly difficult to read .
spent over two hours trying to match frequency with no sucess to a lift master unit . never buy this unit
piece of crap . should have known better . it worked for a while but started going crazy . i don't recamend . nope
these are so amazingly cheap of them have already broken after wearing each of them maybe times .
i bought these on saturday afternoon . on saturday night , one of the earbuds fell off . i'd only used them once .
as of i have not received this . where is it ? !
provocative title . great marketing , not much content . it's a history book . i would not recommend this book . read the bible instead .
colors are not as expected and the frame itself is fragile . i would not recomend it at all to anyone .
reader received is not the minature microsd type shown but rather a larger full size sdhc type without a lanyard .
i couldn't stay awake long enough to finish the first chapters .
it sucks so bad that everyone hats it i do not like it haw animals eat their food and skiney
too many characters . too many different things to say . not said that well . love james patterson and very very disappointed .
i guess this was my mistake . i thought this was a shell not some stickers , cheap looking stickers at that .
this stapler does not work at all . don't waste your money ! spend more money on a different type or brand !
i was excited to find these , but they were a great disappointment are soggy and stale . not fresh and crisp ! sorry
terrible ! waste of money . . doesn't even function properly . . you can't read anything . do not buy !
hitchcock fans beware . this is a stinker !
comes out like a soft boiled egg . not like meringue . i want meringue when i order foam foaming hand soap .
this book is just another example of the many publications in this subject matter that misses the whole point .
unattractive and cheaply made . fiona's skirt is very delicate will be lost after only a few kicks . also very ugly .
i didn't like the heel at all , then the shoe comes big in the sizing
very violent . short movie . not much substance . not going to allow our teens to view it . don't waste your time .
i never had a . silver ring leave green marks on my hand like this one , although it is beautiful .
it's was awesome i couldn't ask for more . the present was a great gift . i am still getting thanked now .
it caught some bugs but not enough of the mosquitos i was after to kill . also traps many beneficial bugs .
i bought it was a mistake . i've put it away . the quality that should not be for sale on amazon
quite a boring movie compared to others i have viewed about that period in time .
fine while it lasted but that wasn't very long .
i hsprout seeds every year these seed did not sprout they have had the best environment and nothing oh well
battery or circuit bad . replacement of battery didn't help . not worth the effort to return .
this is close to a karaoke version of the song . the quality is not quite what i expected . no thanks .
difficult to get yardage marker and requires a very steady hand
got this lights and nt evn bright at all brought some blue on from wal mart nd its brighter then this
story was not up to michael prescott standards . i could not finish the read and was disappointed . next prescott book please .
not impressed . at all . but for this price , maybe i shouldn't have expected anything wearable . sorry , would not purchase again .
all you do is try to find all the aliens in the page . should be free . don't waste your money
it is a lot cheaper then it looks i will not order the others i was looking forward to it
i put this on , used it . went to take it off and the strap ripped right off . not good at all .
cheap and cheap looking . never used . waste of money . stick with some good belly bands .
don't waste your money . this was a pedestrian story , trite without any value . there are many better in this genre .
unfortunately predicted occupy all videosbut unfortunately that does not serve only netflix youtubeso i would not advise it
you have to be in a dead center to see the picture or it goes dark . terrible tv !
terrible productquit workingdefective after the second usei wouldn't buy this product because it definitely is not well made
if i had any idea of how little fish i would get , i would have never spent so much money !
wasn't what i thought . i thought it had a screen to watch dvds my fault for not researching it more
did not work ! i need to return the device , but don't know how .
misleading only one ear per pkg . very disappointing as i have more than just one dog . no complaints about quality
horrible hair
pockets are so small you can't fit anything but a key in there . very disappointing snd a waste of money
not nearly as sexy as i was hoping . the leather felt sort of stiff and cheap . i returned them immediately .
it contains alcohol .
i don't see where they have this item for women in their sizes ? i need a xs . no option ? thank you
when i received the boxset the back of the heart fell off and one of the dvd case was ripped .
way to big of a pill but works well to bring your numbers down and keep those arteries flowing strong
not what i expected . the pendant is very small . i was fooled by the photo on the site . i may return the item .
the author is hilariously ignorant . sadly , such vermin infest our universities , which means that the government is subsidizing such foolishness .
picked it based on the trailer , cast and vague recollection thatgrown ups wasn't too bad . bad mistake . no plot . tastless humor .
diid not fit my camera , although it advertised that it would
worked for a while , then started to collapse . would not recommend .
broke on the first drop . want my money back and fast haha . was to cheap would like refund dogg please
it doesn't fit the phone and breaks when you try to snap it in place . very disappointed in this product .
didn't give me the moisture that i had hoped . and doesn't really smell that great . probably will not buy again .
i bought this with my new kindle . after receiving this , i noticed that i don't need if i have a computer .
i never received item from seller and having problem with the seller . thank you .
cover to flimsy because it broke in my purse . did not drop or handle it roughly . and cannot be fixed
it's a rip off . give my money back . this video has nothing to do with oral sex skills and practices .
i saw no change even with a change to my diet . it didn't help me loose weight . i am disappointed .
rather have chain hangers , not rope .
some didn't work also flood do not give off enough light . i would not buy this again very poor quality
i can't believe they chaged me . for this book ! it only took min to read , what a rip off !
great game ! only problem is little freezes and students while playing
i only wore it three times , took very careful care of it and it broke to thin to handle ugh
it was very faint in color . didn't work at all .
very bad . very disapoited to do business with you
small and thin . in no time at all the fibers broke and you can not see the welcome
the bag is well made but the handles are on the same side of the bag making for awkward toting .
this is a rye flower and whey gluten mix . addition of gluten is not indicated anywhere in the item description .
this shoe cleaner works okay , but it almost used up after once . i don't recommand this product . waste of money .
i do not at all recommend buying these used . they break easily . mine shorted out after a week of use .
terrible taste !
works great as a laser , but as soon as you start shooting , it quits working .
please do not purchase this product . it leaks which make potty training for my son and daugher very frustrated .
ive been using it a few weeks . haven't really seen a difference in my dark circles . will not purchase again .
poor finish , very rough , not good quality . it was not what i expected from the discription . i returned this chest .
music stopped even after winding
dont waste your money . these dont work . seems like a good idea but , not such a good product .
keys hard to use and feel like will break with heavy use . worth bucks not penney more
i ordered this for our roku . it doesn't fit . very disappointing . i wasn't able to return it soon enough .
do not waste your money on this book . it is basically a pamphlet . not helpful in the least
this hate is very cheaply put together . doesn't fit my head and the material is rather thin . hope this helps .
i got this laptop and very second day i was playing bf and suddenly turned off and wont start again .
very hard to follow and very hard to keep interested . one of the worst books i have read so far .
talked too much about amazon and ebay . i thought this would be more informative on craigslist but was not . pass
sound fair , do not fit well in ears , slip out while running . these headphones did not work out for me .
trailer not even movie
great size for one or two people . easy to use and makes superior sandwiches . clean up is easy and fast .
these are not screens , they are porous see through covers that u put behind the actual screens . i feel betrayed . ridiculous !
this was not as helpful as i thought it wld be
the handall was too bulky tore when i tried to take it off , threw it in the trash money wasted .
they fall down . i regret buying this yoga pants . they are extremely uncomfortable because they do not stay in place .
these can be bought in a two pack at mighty dollar for one dollar this is a rip off exact
i had a problem using it on macbook . it is not comparable with mac . it should be updated . thank you
as for the animego release on dvd , it's a terrible transfer , perhaps from video tape .
have had cartridge for two months . printed zero photos and almost no color images , but cartridge needs to be replaced .
it just broke . the metal prong came out . only had it for months . i would not buy it again .
this artwork was stolen without consent of the artist . do not buy this ! you'll be supporting thieves , liars and cheats .
basically a spearmint breath freshener . dont waste your time or money no matter how little the cost is on this
works ok
it stopped working before i knew it . it would not charge .
this app only gives you phases at a time . don't get the full affect of the game and phases .
as soon as i connected the light starts flashing and the display flashes too , can't set up the light mode .
charge the battery for many hours . placed it in the camera . started right up . turned it off . never worked again .
heavy cotton material to last many , many washings . did not fit well . buckled in back and left dart puckered . returned .
only one of the cords works , and it only works half the time . i'd love my money back .
it broke the same day i got it in the mail and wore it . i was upset that it broke .
worse tablet case evermy tablet keeps on falling off . it is to hard to put back on . it is terrable
misleading pictures of pieces , actually you get only one piece , the smallest piece , as small as the penny . terrible .
saw the trailers . horrible . saw first ten minutes . horrible . shrimps can't talk . in matter of fact . nor can mickey mouse .
the balloon had holes when i got it . was not even able to use it .
maybe i just have a bigger head but these didnt really fit me so i was dissapointed with the product
the rack system is a great idea , but these bottles do not thread onto medela pump system heads .
i thought it would be way more fun it is stupid ! i dislike it ! you will hate it too ! true fact
i love how you can build on sounds to create your own sound but wish there was a sleep timer
the leather does not looks attractive at all and the quality is just not upto the mark .
choppy , hard to read due to so many errors . don't waste the five minutes it takes to understand the first chapter .
i ordered this screen and it is broken and the frame looked as if it was hit with a hammer .
as it didnt fit either my golden tech scooter or my hoverround chair toooo small sent it back immediately okay
do not use outdoors . i did not notice that warning . holes in the ball after about uses .
can't hear almost nothing while i am talking on the phone and it shows no caller id . not quality phone .
thought they would stack with the slots filled . will not . only way they stack is when empty . would not recommend
out of did not work . the unit that had worked , quitted after about month of use . total junk .
after selecting my vehicle , i was sent brake pads that weren't even close to fitting my car . total waste of time .
not worth buying
the game never worked for me . i tried everything i was told to to do and it still hasn't worked .
the cabinet is made of paper . low quality and high price . it is very hard to put the parts together .
i entered the provided e text code and got access to freeman's biology not campbell's biology . hopefully they will fix this .
i can't get the can open ! how do i get the can open ? could someone send me directions , please . ty !
too violent for my taste . to each their own , though and if you like biker gangs this is for you !
i was so excited to see that fit flops had shoes . big disappointment . the shoe feels nothing like the sandals .
i ended up using a kit recommended by the state of ca , which arrived sooner .
this movie has less quality and lower cinematoraphy than one of my back yard family videos . really !
too many really good books with dogs as main character to waste time with this one . it was just so so ,
the filter only worked for about a month with cleanning it and everything . would not recommend buying this again .
i did not like this shirt at all . it's way to small and is uncomfortable . just not what i expected
this is not the product i ordered . it is the tin foil headbands with paper ears . i am definitely returning .
wrong item sent , the flash that arrived was for a nikon camera i requested a flash for a canon camera
this game will not run on windows xp sp . i paid so little for it , i'm writing it off .
read your contact data ? for what legitimate reason ? terrible privacy invasion on this one . no thanks . yada yada yada yada
poorly writtenvague references which are not fully explainedwhat would one expect for the price ? no volume available
did not work with i . get a not supported message at the screen after minute reading the ipod .
way too small
leggings are thin and almost see through . barely fit size . suppose to fit up to size . does not
size bigger than clear picture it's too bad . can you redemptiveand maholt not loss for both parties
they are to big . they rub bigger than i thought they would . prefer to get a smaller size than usual .
it's a waste of money !
no charging cable , no disc ! all i received was two instruction manuals but no usb cable ! crap in my opinion
i hate it . it doesn't even sound like real guns . don't get this game i'll just take up more mb .
this book wasn't worth the extrea money that i paid for it , not enough information that i was looking for .
online shows white . on package shows white . not true . product is beige . not even close to white . i returned item .
got this and within a week the cast in key sheared off and the blade fell off my mower . garbage .
this book was okay ! it had some really cool pictures and some not so cool .
this one didn't fit well either . it was also too small and also shallow . the case just didn't fit right .
i didnot receive this book . the person i ordered the book from did not answer my e mail .
did not like it
the actual product is not even close to the picture . they have no shine , and look like dark , cheap steel .
simple . ea hates its paying customers . they are nothing but criminals . in turn , we hate ea . passionately . insert drm comment here
these are crap ! they do not click correctly into the printer and therefore now i can't print anything .
one of the horses broke in two after only playing a couple games , you cant play shoes with
hard for children to activate the soundscheaply made unlike most disney itemsfor this price i would not recommend it
the picture is misleading . the tube of eyecream is , no kidding , the size of my pinkie . wont buy it again
language is gross and unnecessary . pidgin is not well done . there is no flow from one topic to ther next .
looks good in pictures but are very cheap product .
i feel it did not do anything as of yet . but we will keep taking it for now
my golden retreiver puppy couldnt care less about this dumb thing . even followed all directions and it does not work
i wonder why this book doesn't come yet . i already ordered this book dyas ago . summer semester's already strated
too starnge for my tastes but then i was never a big fan of teh x files . four more requires done .
i did not like this book . it seemed very superficial , was nothing new in it that i haven't heard before .
the scenes from the past that pop up , constantly , are confusing . most of the movie is confusing . too artsy for this artist !
unfortunately just the basic information i had already known . this book is for someone who never owned a kindle fire .
one of the weirdest movies i have ever seen , not in a good way either . some of the cheesiest acting !
the clippers don't cut well the head is not very sharp and they are too heavy . wouldn't recommend them .
the story was bad the actors can't act . i couldn't make heads or tails of any of the sry
was difficult to understand how it played and worked . deleted it . unusual for the on line games for the kindle
this item keeps breaking out , two times is being replaced and same problem bluetooth just stops working after a while
the bad grammar , punctuation , spelling errors , and the fact that the paragraphs were improperly aligned made it frustrating to read .
it is just not as fun as bubble iq . i just did not care for this one at all . really
you sent the wrong size . i wanted , and i ordered , the inch clips , not the inch clips .
would not buy again simply because it was just a whim purchase and not really what i was looking for .
this arrived broken . the ball was split in half , and the wrap surrounding the ball winding off of it . disappointed .
this is no talent , manufactured , lip sync garbage at it's finest ! waste your money now !
it leaked air , we didn't even get to use .
they did not help my feet . i have flat feet . i was hoping to use them in my wedding shoes .
for a kindle book . that was a little more than a pamphlet , it was too expensive . i found information helpful , however .
broke within weeks of use . after i loaded all my movies and music it broke down . don't buy this product .
small don't waste your money
gave it a try despite the poor reviews . should have headed them . broke after a few days . do not recommend .
this made a potentially interesting story very boring . it did help me fall asleep something which medication can't even accomplish .
made of plasticchina madeadaptors don't fit all faucetswill rust outbatteries will fail not sealed tightdon't waste your moneyretired contractordenver co
so so
i was very disappointed because there was some wierd glitch to were i couldn't see glass , doors , fires , and plants correctly .
item pictured is different from item shipped . moisturizer does not perform well and is comparable to a cheap drugstore brand .
batteries aren't new . they stop holding a charge after months . i wouldn't recommend buying them . not a quality product .
did not con tain required infor mation to repair air condition ing in van . not satis fied re turned
phone fell two feet on to carpet in an otter box and ruined the lcd screen . do not purchase junk
also color much darker than expected . does not appear to be same color as cr egrave me foundation by the same name .
dissapointing in that the duets really do little justice to the songs . the duet s in particular have beengiven inappropriate arrangements .
no where near as sharp as a straight razor should be . pretty dissapointed . but very good customer service .
fell apart . won't buy again .
another step in the christian brain washing process . if you enjoy seeing intellectual inquiry portrayed as sin , you'll love this book .
this never worked . all the iphones i tried it in did not recognize it and would not accept a charge
it was not what the online description described to buyers . i had to send it back . i felt very disappointed .
acting was terrible movie was very cliche . could not get through the movie . certainly not worth spending money on it .
fun but everyone of these games are so alike that im just bored and done with all of them now
definetly would not purchase these again . it's a waste of money !
as everyone else has written , the trigger was broke . no way to replace or refund it . total waste of money .
people should not make money of off anational tragedy . try selling something else . this item is in very poor taste .
completely vapid romance . looking for a good adventure story this is not it .
died after a week .
the item was purchased as gift . you would need to contact the person it was shipped to .
the amazon description said these were stainless , which is needed in coastal areas . these are not stainless , so returned them .
watch the preview . this looks like a made for tv movie from the 's . it looks ridiculous .
one of the worst movies ever . even my kids pick holes all through it . and they are and
rely bad one . loud i couldn't ajust volumevery little space for pic or music i am very disappointed thanks
double blade makes messes , blades are made of poor steel , bowl isn't deep enough , even for herbs and small greens .
later , you have to put a child to cut it seems . very skinny . anyway price good . color good . but small .
it's a cute design and we're still using it because it's so cute , but the bank makes no sounds whatsoever .
i bought these several times we will buy again . like the color like the design but i wish they padding .
i'm sorry , i like the other curries but this one was bland . no spice . only flavor was of cooked sprouts .
ran out of coins fast and you need the internet on in order to play this game , soi deleted it .
rehashes their earlier book and reiterates the same tautology too much debt causes bankruptcy .
wasn't strong enough even with increased amounts . would not recommend .
tried several times to get this thing going , even my geek friend could not get it to work . do not buy !
no es funcional en equipos yamaha . tengo un sistema de audio micro hi fi yamaha mcr dg micro component system
the batteries went dead right away . should have known cheap meant bad in this case . should have just bought locally
case made the ringer echo and people said i sounded like i was in a tunnel . don't buy this case .
not worth the money , wouldnt do it again . dissapointed . not as advertized . of little interest to children . enough said .
got mine today . it doesn't even work . i've tried aa and aaa batteries . neither way works . i am really disappointed .
what else can i say ? the balloon popped without anything hitting it . at least it lasted through the birthday party
these magnets are cheaply made and barely hold a piece of paper up on a fridge . they are soooo weak . extremely disappointed !
very unsatisfied , hardly any suction at all and is limited to it's suction . i don't recommend this to any one
this app is very stupid because you don't even do anything . don't get this and i got confused . app stupid
very difficult to get tablet into holder .
did not have 'extreme bass' as advertised and i tried to use the mic but it didn't work at all .
i got a ten dollar mithril thing and i never got my mithril this isn't fair ! i want my money back !
i found the detachable cover extremely hard to remove making the product rather frustrating to use .
this is not worth the price at all . it does not do anything , not even the peach fuzz . it's junk !
the cleaner faded my black uggs to a dry looking ashy color . must be fake ! terrible product . do not buy !
bad , very bad buy . i get broken and i have no way to return it , so i lost my money .
too big for my galaxy s and not really rubberized . not worth returning it , just threw it in the garbage .
too small for long distance walking ! hard to order on line . will order larger size . thank you very much ! thanks .
only one story out of the four was good , ii didn't get my money worth .
the tablet went belly up right after i got it . wouldn't recommend wasting money on any accessories for this tablet .
it was so stupid and inane i couldn't finish it i felt it was a sad waste of my money !
after freezing the insert for the first time , it cracked ! now it's just an expensive water bottle !
it broke within two months of use . needs more durable plastic for me to purchase again in the future , thanks .
two words cheap junk ! poorly made , bad hdmi connector , inconsistent play . no quality control . do not buy .
do not buy for the phone ever . it simply does not work . it is a total waste of money .
did not contain every word . i feel sick from the lack of honesty , whatever happened to integrity ? do not buy
these are costume glasses , way too big for anyone to use and look normal .
must be very very close to the transmitter for this device to pick it up
i couldn't wait to finish . i was so happy at the end . some chapters had me so confused .
they aren't blue white lights . they look exactly like the regular bulbs that were in it to begin with . not impressed .
this description is useless since it does tell what pump models this filter fits .
cheap chinese pos , don't buy this , it's embarrassing .
it only works from time to time . it doesn't work wall the time , plug it in and maybe it charges
this product is different than the last one i ordered . my hair got greasy and the smell is different . dissappounted
i did not get this bag . we received a kavu but it is plain brown .
item was not as described , made very cheaply , and didn't work properly , i would not recommend this cover to anyone !
i did not recieve my zebra case , the arm holder i got . how do i go by getting it .
i just started and i don't know how to play . i am just learning . i don't have an opinion yet
trash product . broke with first use . extremely poorly made with the cheapest of materials . don t waste your time or money .
once again , this case will not work with the phone i have . my phone is a g and not a
atleast two sizes smaller than the size i ordered . things were hagin out everywhere . loved the suit sure wish it fit .
this book was written very poorly . it bored me a little bit . i'm sorry that i paid for it .
there was not a single new idea in this pamphlet . i've read more useful information in the utility bill inserts .
inexpensive yes ! but only worth it if it doesn't break in two days . bought a few and was ok .
lasted less than weeks . defective drum .
a chessboard is set up with a black square in the lower left corner and queen on her color . unbelievable .
did everything i was supposed to do . put it right in front of the trout and not one bite . waste
no torque wrench hole , pins feel ready to break off , and the finish chips if you look at it funny
many changes
i need to send it back
belt clip broke after days . cheap product . like my mother always says , you will get what you pay for .
it's hard to adjust focusjust about impossible to take a picturelike i said not impressed do da day
these looked nice but were far too narrow for me and i usually wear a medium width dress shoe .
wrong strength . didn't bother to send it back . not that expensive . headline more words required to finish this .
very disappointed with product . do not stick .
the whole thing i hated it because there was nothin there i mean who does that huh really come on !
this is a very bad simulator . does not show any ground movement . you can't tell that you are going anywhere .
it was too big . seller didn't have relevant sizing chart
this did not fit ! don't know why they did not return it , but just threw it away after a month .
headphones had a short right out of the box , tried in several different music players .
it does not allow the wireless mouse to work , which is why i bought it
this water jug leaks out of the top . i bought and both do the samething . they are horrible .
it showed up as a corrupted file and wouldn't open . i generally like aljazeera's reporting . this was a disappointment overall .
this dryer just stopped working one day . i guess i will never know why , not worth it at all urgh
hard to navigate . difficulty understanding instructions . can't play much unless you buy full version . graphics are very good though . okay
this product was not good for skin , sorry about that but i had to pass lot of skin problems
i don't think it was a brand new batterybattery life was no better thanthe battery i had for year
cute story , to short , don't waste your money on it . no plot can't think of anything else good to say about it
title says it all . ordered it more than a year ago . still do not have it . very disappointing at least .
the card holder was cracked when my son opened it up for his birthday . still have to return . dave g .
i could not get into this book . i didn't finish it . may try a different one of james lee burke's books .
i washed them once and they shrunk . new they dont fit the cradle mattress and i have to buy more .
the pajama's are really cute , but the pants shrunk when i washed them , now they look just like capri pants .
i guess i should had paid more attention to the dims . it's smaller than my hand . very disappointing
mine broke the very first time out of the box when i used it . i will never buy these again .
horrible taste link alpo with the same consistency . but the terriyaki is good and i will buy that one again .
five year old used for about minutes . one boat sank ? nice idea that just was not waterproofed for kids .
the author should appear on street corners and beg passers by for money in exchange for a few paragraphs get real !
they were great at first , but then they seem to no longer work . i touchthe screen and nothing happens .
i've just worn out the fourth one after the end for the tablet frayed again . this is a terrible product .
will be selling this at the yard sale for . , it may be good for kids .
the screen protector definitely provides privacy but it makes the screen less responsive and the navigation bar unresponsive
the bag is missing the jan sport tag on the front of bag like picture shows . looks fake and cheap .
the case was cute but it did not fit my iphone well at all . i ended up throwing it out .
u would be better off wrapping yr stomach in kitchen wrap ! wast of money .
this did not work at all . i tried with tw different evo g's and it was undetectable . garbage
pages on why to buy index funds . much too repetetive . each chapter was basically the same .
it's not real bad but i don't think i'll listen to it very much . i would recommend beat club sessions
does not sit right in doc falls out all the time want it to sit nice with it being lose
i've read all of the books in this series and this one is just plain boring and stupid .
this game sucks you only go a sertain amount if you wont to go on you have to buy it .
poor quality . the plastic just cracked
the product was very misleading and and the sheets are very thin . not going to last very long . would not buy again .
the lights will come on but nothing else does . so far all it has done is collect dust for us .
wide foot people dont even try this is bull
no simple instructions
wrong cover for my phone . this is because i put lg android as my phone instead of lg motion g
i guess when you buy a book that is deeply discounted , you get what you pay for . weak as water .
dont buy this book , go to youtube , its better . it doesnt offer any way to learn how to play . sorry .
dog was able to disable squeaker very quickly by punchering the bottom of the hippo . toy became useless after that .
the shipping is outrageous . do not buy
just to small and cloudy effect . i would not waste my money on this produced ever a gain . not good
it sucked i didn't feel anything , spend your money on something . else like c or another one hyde sucks . horrible
it put my home in the wrong place and wouldn't let me move it .
not impressed with the writing . basically says people were bad so god punished them , very direct and not baby child friendly
love the game , but very frustrating when the game randomly reset and forced me to start over , which ain't happening
this movie was surprisingly creepy and violent . turned it off after half and hour . do not recommend .
not funny . bored in the first minutes zzzzzzzzzzzzzz recommend that you pass on this one . pass pass pass pass
the signal was too weak to be heard by the radio on any frequency . go back to the drawing board .
i took my time and got the palm guard on perfectly but a bit of the end was hanging off .
haven't seen any lightening , been using it off and on for about serveral months , but it does clear your skin .
the color wasn't close to the picture . others may like it though . but for myself it was way off .
this app worked for awhile . the feed doesn't load . i have sent emails to support services with no reply .
guess hubby did not like this , he has never used it , so it would be hard to rate the product
this product was so flimsy . we gave it away to some random person . waste of money if you ask me .
for the price paid , i would have got a better ring . diamonds don't spark . they look dull . i'm very dissapointed .
one speaker blew the first week my daughter had them . cheap quality . won't last long , consider other options than these !
for some unknown reason , none of my four cats used this scratcher and they love scratchers ! go figure cats !
poofy bangs , cropped back that didn't show in the photo . i ended up returning this for a better quality product . meh .
the case did not fit . it was slightly too small for my phone . i would not recommend it be purchased .
only about songs were good for me . but every one likes different music
just a dry pasta . no microwavable . it says add lb chicken . if i am adding why i bought it ?
do not waste your money on this product . lost the top in less than hour period . poor quality ! junk !
i bought and they were all in the trash within weeks . they also do not work with ipad's .
the story was good for what there was of it , which just wasn't enough . the blurb practically told the story .
i was unhappy for the freight charge on this item when it was shipped with other items .
stronger then the thumper but doesn't last near as long . has cheepbrass parts .
very thin and cheap . the wind would blow this away on a real beach . maybe ok for a poolside chair .
an epiphany ruined by deus ex assasinaca . much , much setup for a pretty inferior payoff . i need five more words .
not well made . we used it on our camping trip had to toss at the end . won't get another .
the bag , was prettier in the pic , and when i receive it smell like dead fish inside , was really disappointing
did not work at all . rabbits loved it !
not brand new at all , beware of used glass ! don't ever buy this glass , it's definitely a used product !
sucked
my cord only worked for about maybe months , then it stopped . good length though , wish it lasted longer .
i strongly prefer the gel or spray on form of this product . the product itself is excellent . would not recommend roll on .
my plantronics mx x stopped working after after two weeks . prior to that is was a satisfactory headset .
not much to the book , more like a pamphlet than a book .
stupid
faulty . the cable quit working almost immediately . if you spend more than , you will be glad that you did .
i thought it was a bit pompous and rather boring . i had hoped it would be helpful . i sent it back .
i did not get the ultra pro card supplies yu gi ohbut i will order again when the time comes again
waste of money and time for any serious boxer like me .
horrible quality . i wouldn't recommend
don't buy it unless you have to . our school forced us to buy read it .
garbage
the toy worked for all of min . tried new batteries . nothing . piece of junk ! clearly a defective product . very disappointing .
you can't have a single curve to fit the bottoms and i got a lg . not made for a woman's body
by far the worst cologne i ever bought in my whole life ! trust me , save your money for something valuable !
product was two days late arriving , but it also was to include a stylus pen and it didn't . very disappointed .
i did not have a good fit with these shoes . the straps fell in the wrong place across my foot .
very cute , however , it broke the first time i wore it , you get what you pay for . lol
very bad . bad erotica and si fi . a good author . i would have shreded this !
warning this hd dvd version will not paly on regular dvd players . not even .
quick read girl lit worth the price i paid free . predictable and a bit formulaic is best i can say
stupid controller that would not stay connected to my ps . i sold it to gamestop . . . . .
cover does not sit flat near the space bar .
we tested three out and they do not work ! checking out now but did not anticipate problems we have now .
it's cool but the rubber stink i had to wash it a couple of times to get the smell out
been using this for months hasn't done one thing !
my review in one word worthless !
i returned this because i didn't need it . i sure hope i'm getting a prize at the end of this .
this cd skips , i tried cleaning it and it worked for a bit . then stopped working again . very super lame
there's nothing we can do to make it smell better . we aired it out for days . it smells like fish .
very cheap had to return was for and elderly man for a gift could not giver this to him thanks
garbage . lost compression in about a month .
it looked perfect . snapped in well . home button wouldn't work however . not expensive enough to bother dealing with the return .
this heater is terrible . i want my money back . i would not reccomend buying unless your heating a shoebox ! garbage
great quality however , rail it so wide that it hits the floor . i had to return this product .
the items is too thin . i am returning it . i am waiting to print off the return label . thank you
this book did not inspire me . don't recommend it . look for other books to inspire you . god bless you all .
cheaply made .
definitely not one of my top sk reads
the item did not work and i had to ask for a refund .
they said it's a day shipping . it has been a week and i haven't receive nothing !
i love this game on my pc , but it doesn't want to work on my kindle .
they are bad . all of mine were broke when i got them . not happy at all .
the actuator did not work and when i went to take it off it came appart there rendering it un returnable
cute game . similar to diner dash . really really enjoyed it . cute game . similar to diner dash . really really enjoyed it . yada yada yada yada
this book does not give any more information than what you could find on line . i wouldn't recommend buying it .
what were you thinking jd . what a waste of time and money ! very disappointing , can't believe i got suckered into this one !
this sound track sucks , the songs aren't songs they're clips of music with movie clips attached . what a let down
minute dial isn't working and when i push it down it only moves briefly and then stops . it's so frustrated
i had this on my shoe one day and it broke . really ? i am going to request a refund .
this book was about the sex passion from beginning to end . what a waste of my time .
charges fine , but it fits very loosely in an ipad so it falls out easily .
i would not waste my money on these ear buds , they have no bass , at all .
case was beautiful at first , but a week later , the gold tone started fading away .
only one test . quite expensive . available at the same price elsewhere on amazon
this unit sucks , threw it in the trash , i should have read the other reviews before i ordered .
just ok
worst game ever all u do is poop and play jump ropealso u just share dinosaurs and elephants and ropes
i was hoping for something more historically accurate , rather than dramatization of some supposed affair . good acting by murray , though
was sent wrong item . not even close to actual item . ordered pack of and got for something else .
not as pictured . broke after nd fish . would not recommend
story is moving to slow for me and i stopreading after chapters and deleted frommy kindle device
they look super cute in the picture but are was to small for the average sized person to wear .
i would have liked to have seen more visuals or perhaps some drawings of how to do the basic stitches .
it broke the first time i tried to take it off . i would not recommend this to anyone . plain truth
don't work eats battery's like a day wouldn't recommend it to anyone even if it was free it's junk
bought one to replace my old g screen and sent me a broken one , but is getting a new one
objects were too small and too similar to offer challenge . no option to zoom in and hint did not work .
i'm in my s and have not noticed any difference , it may work on younger skin . don't waste your money .
if you got this app open your eyes it sucks you try to look at stuff it doesn't let you
wouldn't let me add to cart and still had minutes ! first time trying to order . won' t try again !
i hate it because one of the three does not work , no blinking light . the other two works okay .
do not buy days after the return window closed this router stopped working it will no longer power on .
tedious and expectable . it was not hard to solve the who done it . the ending was very weak and predictable .
burnedout inthree days
the quality of this bag seemed cheap and too shiny . i wonder if it is actually a real coach product .
not worth it at all . can not event see a hint of a diamond in this bracelet , it looks very cheap .
this does not fit my dv as they say it will . they need to fix their descriptions to be accurate .
all i can say is that i read approximately pages and i am glad i only paid cents .
he sent me a broken ipod and said it was like new . dont buy ipods from him
this product does not fits your hummer h , but the page says that it fits . it is an error .
this mic is unbelievably awful . good shipping time . that's it . don't buy . cheaply made , sounds worse than mics half it's price . chinese knockoff .
not really a great collection . very small and seem complected . but it was free so why not i suppose .
they smell awful and half of the flavors they sent were not even the ones that were pictured . highly unimpressed
total trash and a waste of money . i have never seen a product so far off size before .
i think that the book could have contained more information and pictures . otherwise it was good ! i liked the idea s !
it is very difficult to remove air
i purchased believing the brush heads were compatible with my model and they aren't . maybe i misread the description . maybe not .
ok so it never worked ! . tried to contact the company , left a few messages , nope . nothing , never , waste of money !
this isn't a bandana it's some ugly stretchy nylon that you slip over your head . super thin also . not recommended .
it crashed and when it did run didn't play as i expectednot ready for prime time
i think i was in a weak moment when i bought this . kind of boring and couldn't get through it .
one of the worst collection of sounds ever slopped onto a disc . utterly terrible .
plastic , cheap , definitely not worth a dime ! it is even a lot uglier in person than online . do not buy !
bad movie , bad actors , bad music . total waste of time and money . cheaply made , too . totally hated this movie ! .
total garbage , broke first time used , made real flimsy , can find many others better then this for sure . try others
the watches does not work well . i received two days ago . work and stop . i do not know why ?
i don't know what i expected from this book . i know what i got . a poor story . thank god it was free .
as indicated in the title , this isn't great for busty women . despite the sizing , it's just not flattering , promptly returned .
i had this product less than months and it stopped working . water got into the battery .
this guest book was listed as damask padded cover . it's not ! it's vynl with a damask pattern . it's soooo very cheezy !
bulb exploded less than month after year warranty expired almost as if programmed . do not recommend this lamp replacement .
it broke when i tried to take it off my phone so i could charge it . need i say more ?
so many errors ! what were the editors doing ? may be they were xxoo when they did the editing job . fxxx !
disappointed ! everything happened just as expected no twists or turns or unexpected plots . not an amish story at all !
we just un wrapped this movie to watch for the first time and there is no movie in the case !
i couldn't stay with it to see what happened . it was like watching paint dry . painfully slow . didn't like it .
i love the doc . but the words are so small you can't read them . maybe the fire is different . disapointed
bad bad bad bad body caddy i have seen . the first time i put it on , it came alose . bad bad
this product lasted about weeks then came unglued at the seams and sunk to the bottom of the pool !
these work great . this is our second one accidentally put the lid of the first one on a hot burner
i wouldn't recommend this pedometer . do not counts steps properly . very cheapquality . i guess i will buy a better one .
i didn't find that it tasted like butter maybe if they would have added a yellow color it would have
it may have worked on a kitty car . it was so small that it wouldn't work on any thing else
does not work on iphone ! buy a wifi one if you want it to work on an iphone . looks nice .
my hour flight with crappy headphones because this did not work . i used it with a bose aei headphone .
i did not like the material feels horrible the material was silk the clothes is in the trash so far
well i must have over looked something cause i didnt expect it to be fake but has nice leather bands
wish you had more hints to get through some of the puzzles . like anything having to do with the titanic .
you would have to be straight up retarded to buy this .
terrible ! waste of money the first five minutes they broke and leaked inside my shoe ! stars if i could !
the ink can't be used now it's arts the cartridges are not full please replace . this is very inconvenient for me
the graphic was painted on the outside . it was easy to scratch it or rub off the paint , in days .
i received an incorrect order . i got the ovulation strips instead of the pregnancy tests . oh well i guess . sky
the picture of the product is not accurate . when it arrived it did not include the iron that is pictured .
case did not come with the black color shown in the photo , but in a simple translucent plastic bag . misleading advertising
way too big , won't even stay on your head . wish there had been reviews before i purchased this item . terrible .
would not stay in place . taped it . it tore all to pieces first use ! terrible product !
looks cheap
would not cut through sheltie hair at all . don't waste your money . the wahl clipper kit works much better .
did not receive dice and was very unhappy i ordered it partially because of them and sis not receive them
these cleaners are good but the pic shows three indicating you get three but you only get one not three !
these are garbage . the paint peeled before my wife could take them off the packaging . do not buy . so there .
not that great cliche and unlikely . found it a struggle to finish . author shows talent i'd try other stories published
this . is horrible and a waste of time never get it ever and there's no fun in this at all
it's very little ! too damn little . very small . extremely small . too small . did i say very small ? what the heck ?
boring , self indulgent left wing propaganda . and a huge disappointment . i'm glad it only cost me . . don't waste your hard earned money .
not the first time armani cancel my order , cause out of stock . why do you sell if you dont have it ?
break very easily . on receipt already of were brokenthe others all broke very quicklyclearly very poor quality glass .
the crayons are great , but i specifically ordered for the tuck box and i did not receive a tuck box .
hm . the fossil is fine , the leather cord is so tacky though . i might try to send it back . not recommended .
don't waste your money ! this worked for two days and then it just had a constant beep and did nothing .
it doe not work in my iphone so i thought that i could use it with my ipad my iphone .
looks well constructed but be aware that each port in . a . so it is not a rapid charger .
the umbra vapor glass toothbrush stand arrived broken . maybe because it was in a box with another products without protection .
very cheap material !
this book was boring , repetitive and not beneficial at all . i would not recommend this to anyone to read .
i purchased a yellow version of this same light , which is significantly brighter than this one . it was also cheaper .
very boring i watched min and turned it off .
it was not durable . did not hold up at all . would not buy this again . crapy , awful don't buy
cannot get it to open on my kindle . not sure what will make it work . anyone else having this trouble ?
this merchandise is shotty workmanship dont waste your money the gorilla glue is more expensive with shipping then it worth .
the roulette wheel is a little warped so it frequently lands on the same number .
if the battery and charger are sold separately , there may be customers that have both . please state the voltage ,
not what we expected . at all . the quality was poor and the size was not what we thought it would be .
just really not worth your time . nothing really special . don't download . use a different app . shameful gay man . needs help .
it doesn't tell you much . save your money . i learned more on my own . do not buy , not worth it .
extremely small ball . definately not a size ball . it can't be used for my son's soccer practice . very dissapointed .
i should have read the description for this . it is too small to place on the wall in my kitchen .
for that amount just buy a car . not sure who target is but won't sell many . good luck to you .
flowers were torn , dirty and discolored . i would not buy this item . does not look anything like the pictures looked online .
the metal is so thin and flimsy it bends and deforms with normal handling , and the screw is too short .
it fell part the first day and and it took for ever to get here and it cracked my phone
flimsy construction , you get what you pay for , lasted less than a year before the kick stand fell apart
don't fly as straight as i expected . nice grip and colors but regular darts are much better . that's about it
skipped a lot disappointed . i like johnny . try to buy all movies . hurt about this one being so poor
i received the wrong item . i received a cv valve and not a cv that i wanted . what happens now ?
impossible to get listenable music using this product unless you like static .
i have to clean up after using this unless i take seconds to pour a cup . good fit though .
okay , i only watched one , but it wasn't the twilight zone i remembered from being a kid . was kinda boring .
i like this one
very uncomfortable in ear and the range is only about ft before you get static coming through the ear piece
lost them within hours of the first night having them . no , they do not work . save the time money . don't bother
i was very disappointed nothing what i expected and the coupons expire nov so i will never order again
this product does not even fit the american adaptors ! very poor and i am not happy at all with it !
not what i expected . sorry i ordered it . not a fiction book which i thought it was . crappy book .
it is awesome ! it is awesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesomeawesome i love this gameawesomeawesomeawesome
i didn't like this and sent it back . may work for someone else but not what i was looking for .
every now and then when i'm playing the game it just takes me back to the menu for no reason !
they sell this clock at family dollar for six dollars . i would of rather pay six than twenty two . insane
i couldn't be more dissatisfied . it does not read cf card . had hard time to get money back .
really cute , but was way too small and flimsy . sent back .
horrible waste of my money
sent back . too small . stride on pants too short . sizing is not accurate in the description . poor quality of material
was not what i expected .
gum does nothing . but it taste good .
they are cheap and broke first day . you get what you pay for . they do work for what you need .
the seller treat me like a stupid ! , she sent me a h m crash it gift card !
too long . it didn't keep me interested , .
did not work at all . or ad advertised . don't bother . go else where . not worth your money , time or aggravation .
doesn't hold the computer , nor stable . don't buy it . it look's nice but don't worth buying . don't waist your money .
my daughter had the table for about weeks and it just stop working . don't know why but it did .
the game sucks . cant even get through the tutorial . units do damage
unable to use it on electronic medical records at all was misrepresented by nuance company should be a crime to do so
dreadful quality ! the material is so chintzy it doesnt matter if its the right size or not . this is real !
stupid
too time consuming and doesn't have sub totals on page one . for a fast paced life , it just doesn't work .
the price is decepive at best . there is nothing on this page that says the shipping charge will be . !
very cheeply made , several of the clips broke off while i was attaching them . had to replace several lights too .
the jokes are not funny ! these jokes stink . they suck really really really really really really really really really bad
couldn't they've fitted two or three puzzles per page to make the book even more compact ? !
no instructions
while this book may provide some useful insight it is very condensed and oversimplified for what the author is charging .
the isbn assigned to this book is wrong . i have isbn and belongs to american history volume ii
the product was not as nice as the picture looks , but i guess you get what you paid for .
stupid , not worth seeing .
it looked wider than it is . it is not any wider than the seat that came with my bike .
after i get this item , only use three or four times , and than one side dose not work any more
for a dummies book , i must be brain dead . not that easy to follow
very cheap , i don't trust this product with my keys .
i had to return it
i love the cd , but when i opened the package , the cover of the cd was all broken .
dragged out and a bit boring . other two were slightly better . this story could have been told in one book .
item way too small . obviously euro or asian sizing . immediately gave it to my daughter who is a size small .
really smells right out of box and thats not good . i could use a condom but i dont like those .
did not stay on my lens and ending up losing it on my first day shooting with it . very disappointed
wouldn't hold air the material quality is poor . material is too thin and fragile , doesn't hold up . returned to amazon .
looks nice and can hold a card , maybe two , but its flimsy and started to look extremely raggedy too quickly
earrings are each a different size . will try to return before christmas . do not purchase . stones are a different color .
not at all what i hoped for at all . it not the best and it has a lot of linmts . meow
the elastic strap came out the second night i used it . price is all right but not worth the hassle .
very pretty but very cheap as the post bend very easily would not buy again as they bend very easily
too small , must be made for kids . everything else ok .
it was dried out and i had to throw it away . i am not happy ! do not buy this product .
i thought it had a better finish to close the room
it did not work , i had to return it for a refund the manufacturer could not get it to work
fake .
not as good as anticipated , too many duets . da , i know they're duets but seemed too much less desirable ones .
it broke the same day it was delivered
hey when i bought this product i thought that i was getting the book . instead i get intros , notes , summaries .
game would be great if it worked ! to many glitches ! please fix ! can't continue to play to frustrating ! update update !
spend the extra and get a good belt . my husband wore this one once and it started falling apart .
nd time it came with no lid ! re ordered from another vendor
fragrance was too strong and i did not like it at all . very disappointed . they should make an unscented product .
this book was ok . a short story . it was more like a newspaper story than a book . a quick read .
this game its so boring , you need to find something but they never tell you what to find . lllll lol lol
being a long time fan of robert parker , this book was disappointing . too much same stuff , not meaty enough .
oovoo is stupid because my cammera is not working for that then when ppl call me they can't see me .
you can get a oz bottle at te walmart for the same price , per oz . not worth it . blah
what this adds up to is if you need repair they just return what you have not used . really really junk
my sheets and pillow cases are stained black after using this mask . steer clear !
i hate that i have to have a connection in order to play this . lame . it is totally lame . lame .
not soft and the plastic string pull broke after only second use . i would not recommend for comfort or longevity .
when i see sisal wash cloth i expect something like more then just a simple towel . . . . .
forget this lame soundtrack ! i want new york undercover on dvd and i want it now !
it would not stay connected to the internet long enough to do anything and it refused to download certain apps .
this belt is far smaller than the previous versions . ua girdiron was is larger and the belt to get .
there is a disk in the middle of the stepper just broke in half . do not waste your money !
it was also too light weight . could see right through the material . not what i had expected it to be unfortunately .
don't waste your money on this battery tester . it reads good even if your battery is weak .
not much different from other short stories from this time period . simple clean entertainment . good one to borrow if you can .
it doesn't work . gave to me and it does not work at all . so i think that its horrible rating .
too small . not sure what else to say since they are making me type exstra words in the comment box
not great but fun . it was a good time eater . maybe worth the by . but at least it was fun .
should have rented the movie first , rather than buying it . not as good as they made it sound .
really challenging to use blades are not sharp enough to cut the veggies mine came out like mush
not sure what this is ?
i got one i don't know if it was just mine but my handle broke and the glass screen broke
insert quaff about mtv style editting here insert clever quip like depressing bad here
battery case was cracked when i got it , looks used not for sure , need a replacement this is very upsetting
the smell got me down otherwise it is fine , but smells like a man's shaving lotion to me .
items were beyond sheer ! did not appear as pictured , not at all ! simple to make yourself with little effort required
poor quality and very poor customer relations ! wasn't received on time and wasn't like the picture wont get my business again .
very cheap , had to sew loops to make work , plastic buckle was switched out for stainless , would not recommend this product to anyone
to large
item was not in working condition , i had to return same , and look somewhere else to buy this itemthank you
be careful with this gbic , it is actually a re branded linksys mgbsx , it will not work in cisco brand switches .
it is not the inside story it promises to be . it is just a fluffy commercial . don't waste your money .
very thin soft very small . spend the extra money on something more expensive and use these for rags , junk
after day was using the case the bird fell off . , , . . . . . . .
not what i expected , looks very cheap . not happy
do not like them . very small . narrow
hair does not lock well at all . i wasted my money . thats it no more to say about that end .
someone took photocopy paper and put a border on it . this is a rip off . avoid this piece of thrash .
i tried the hook up and there was no response . i tried the advise online , that did not work either .
good for a month
lights burned out within weeks of purchase
i received them today . i am disappointed because the leaves on the tree are not as full as the picture .
i am on my forth one of these in years . seems like hp would make a better product !
i am get bored reading about people who perceive themselves in terms of being a victim . boring , boring , boring , boring
i wouldn't suggest these seeds to anyone . not one single sprout , i can even make dirt grow . very disappointed .
a fiction love story about italy enjoyed reading it and will give it a good rating for anyone in love .
dont waste your money . used for hours the screen said format error . can not get it to work anymore .
sent large bones , not minis and this created a hardship for my small dogs . i had to saw them up
did not work . made huge mess
it is not what the photo displays . cheap quality . tight fitting , poor sound . i am looking for a different set .
the design is attractive , but we cannot get it to stay on the wall because of the hard suction cups .
incomplete and choppy sentences making it very hard to read . the overuse of present participles and commas is very annoying .
i got this lipstick and it smells bad its old i had to throw it out waste of money !
this unit failed to suppress the interference as promised . units were installed as directed with no noticeable change in reception .
don't buy legs wont say in cheap , cheap , cheap from china you get what you pay for do not order this product
i ordered ball point pen , but received a roller ball . it's a fake ! don't order from them .
excellent chapters with gradual addition of new works and grammar . not too compilcated for the beginner .
sorry for late responsed , i have try this product it doesnt work or program not match .
battery is x inches . does not fit in charger . charger is and tall and and wide
holds charge barely three days no weeks as promised would not recommend it for cost can only read vince bondi
material is flimsy and thin , color is not the same from the picture . for i was hoping for better .
these bags rip from the bottom . they come to you with the bottom already ripping open . do not buy these bags
stained and the colors are not evenit looks like a little kid paintedit looks cute from far way
for some time reason i can't start the game . i tried deleting it but it still won't work . help me .
the message was loss in all the words . iwas looking for answer that were hard to find with all the words .
only worked for a few charges . not an apple product . false advertising . rip off . feel like i have been cheated .
stopped working after months . for no reason whatsoever . made of plastic . is garbage not worth . absolutely pure junk
this is just not the same without the original cast . i would not watch this series if it does continue .
constant video buffering . not able to watch a program in full . very annoying and frustrating . totally unreliable and dissappointing app .
the color was totally different than what showed on the website . i was very dissappointed with it . i returned it .
this is too small . not even last to light for hours even if exposed to sun the whole day .
i ordered this movie on may , and i still haven't received it . is it ever going to come ?
no wonder why it's so cheap . wish i would have read the reviews before i bought this piece of s .
this usb cable cord is not compatible with my sanyo digital camera . why keep it ? who has money to burn ?
its very loosy and its stretch . it feels cheap . thinkpad logo fades easily . i will never recommend it for any one
wasn't what i ordered the bible didn't have what it said it was supposed to have had on the discription
did not play on my tablet . the download went fine , the file is on the tablet . it will not open .
couldn't turn on the volume or work any of the buttons . loved the color but that was all
the plastic connectors don't work well . pull apart easily , water spurting everywhere . wouldn't get it again
this seller is unprofesional and never sent my product . she also never replied to my e mail .
size is small and uncomfortable over . do not really recommend it is . expensive over . the weight is too heavy , sore arms
this made my kindle fire freeze up every time it was played . had to get rid of it . blah blah
closes right after it loads the opening screen . can't play on nook color with android . with stable version .
not easy to use .
definitely an easy read for the beach when the sun hammers on your head and the brain starts shutting down .
i'm amazed someone would give this product stars obviously the sellers review . i've used these pills they do nothing !
the skirt was too short for me , if it was about inches longer i would have kept the skirt .
this has been the third product ordered from noble collection and all products are cheap and not worth the value .
could not return . was sent a letter telling me to give it away or sell it myself . that's not weird !
i didn't recieve this product , only headphones . i tried again and ordered another mp and it quit in two days .
ice maker won't work without filter . i've spent more on the filters than i did on the refrigerator . rip me off
i got these for my two small terriers and they just will not stay on the dogs . wish they would !
it was very hard to turn and after the third time i used it the handle broke .
i used this hose for two weeks and it developed a leak in the hose material . good idea , poor materials !
had to reset router every minutes
we have always liked hinkle products . these knives don't have a good feel . we do like the other international style
doesnt fit well and hard to apply because it appears to be large . you must be careful when applying it .
i order a cadet small , but receive regular small , too long , don't have time to fooling around , just take it !
very dim lights barely could see these lights and very cheaply made would not buy these again words words words
all you do is stack states i almost shut it down and i deleted it off my kindle for ever
the boys think it's too hard to get the box , but yet they say it's boring and it's too easy ?
i'll stick with the ones at walmart that look the same but have different brand names on them
i was very wrong with this purchase , because when you enter the code on psn . had already been used . bad .
don't know what is so great about this mist ! i just as well spray water on my face .
i ordered paid for a new ipod touch gb model and they sent me a used , missing accessories , broken case ipod .
i wasn't able to finish . apparently it is some kind of awful romance novel with appalling writing . gag .
a long meandering depressing story with way too many characters . life can't be this bad in any town in england !
really simple and crude , should be worth only or . soon bobber failured , wouldn't try another one .
cheap as hell , plastic , sounds terribledon't buy this set , its not worth the price at all .
they dont seal . unless you want to seal permanent
the kids seem to like it , i'm just a little uncomfortable with the content and scenarios in the gamethnx
it did not do its job at all . it sucks do not get it . and it has a bad smell to .
sucks , didn't charge fast , super slow and already broke . didn't even use it often . don't get it , not worth it
need to return . only two works now . i loved it visually but it doesn't always work but it is beautiful
not a good story line . keep going back to see if i missed something . will not read this author again .
item was dead right out of the box , don't waste your money . a low price isn't always a good deal .
flimsey
does not work don't buy you could just use oil it works better . waste of money . makes it taste bad .
they set something totally not pictured but i have them stars for . prompt refund not sure what they were thinking .
dear new line , please release lotr extended editions in blu ray . will buy those . not these shameful ploy of a product . thanks !
it takes a lot of cranking to get a few minutes of the radio to play .
not what i thought ! the flowers were way tooo big ! i won't be purchasing this particular item again ! very disappointed !
sounds good but goes through batteries fast ! i don't use it just sits in case i do need it sometime .
this didn't work with either of my dogs . one is a pomeranian poodle mix and the other is a chihuahua poodle mix .
motor is really loud and music is way too quiet .
no good the item was defective
was a defective pair , the left shoe is an inch larger than the right and they are both labeled appropriately .
nice to have but come on over priced !
poorly written and boring the story is all . over the place and the character of ivy is an idiot and unconvincing
it's crapgraphics suck controls suck the guns suck just overall not fun not fun at all do not get it
poor pump and the plastic sleeve low quality and falling a part soon . not happy with the quality at all
i don't like these shoes , i have a lot of mbts and these are yuck , how do i return ?
looks are deceiving . thinktwice . it broke three weeks after purchase . which had to be replaced again . paying double for more trouble . not pleased .
this hair is not a kinky texture and unlike the previous comment , you only get one bundel in this order .
the dvd is very disappointing to me . i was expecting a lot more for a work out video . very boring .
this app was intentionally for my brothers but they hated it . it look sinteresting but it's the stupidest game ever
i thought some of the entries were a little obscure . i liked hope for today from nar anon much , much better .
not what is in the picture
does not work at all light comes on will not work with the consul ! get oem and from nintendo wii
these are too think to be of good use .
my apologies to the author . i could not finish this as i found it boring .
it got broke after a couple of months . it was cheap , but i think it should last more than that .
this book was corny and cliche . the plot was all over the place . their was no point . deserves no stars .
definitely low budget , did not see the point . i watched from beginning to end only because i paid for it .
game is cool but some stuff complicated and dont make sense . i should have passed on this one .
just not as good as the frank rowsome jr . book . both cover the same material burma shave signs . would not recommend .
i thought these would help while ridding motorcycle from day to night , but they did not get dark enough in daylight .
this is a very poor product . the mascara wont even go on . the brush is way too small . no good
my husband bought it for me as a christmas present and it looked ribbed but its not . not very pleasurable .
description on amazon not accurate enough . these are very tiny and should only be advertised as for infants , not children
misleading title for this item . i am considering returning this item because i wanted real diamond plating not some screenprint .
i returned this collection because the songs it contained were more contemporary in style than our congregation's current worship style .
sorry i can't give you any other info . the dvd does not work on this computer .
definetly not what we expected . the quality of the pictures were subpar . we continue searching for the right camera .
buckle not what i wanted . ok however
it didn't look like the picture completely .
i only liked two tracks ont this album . not worth the money . good thing i bought second hand . again don't buy .
very boring and there are no clues to tell you what kind of word you are looking for . skip if .
never worked from the first day i received it from amazon . still waiting on a refund
smoke clouds are very light an only one hose worked out of horrible experience an would not recommend purchasing
the worked really well for several hours and then died . it didn't even make it for a full day .
i was very pleased . i ordered and needed to return one . very accommodating . kids really enjoyed the resurrection eggs
mine came in dry and i dont know if i can still use it
pink wasn't as bright as it shows here , very , very dull infact , like a baby pink .
after buying it wouldn't download on the kindle fire hd . it just gave an error message . very disappointing application indeed
bought this a little while ago from amazon , worked pretty good , but then it just stopped working .
i bought this dvd at walgreen's drug store for . ! and yes there's only one woody cartoon .
this is way under my expectation , the quality of the product is very low . please do not buy this , period .
i must have double vision , picture is clearly bottles . or have i been drinking so much i see double ?
not to good . i was disappointed in the product . dissatisfying and let down . not good like people were saying was .
didn't get it , please give me a reason for why ? i was waiting for week , and get nothing lol
band i received tapered down way too thin . not pleased , picture does not represent photo , i will need to exchange .
wake locks as if from the darkside i would not install this on my droid let alone my deathstar
this just wouldn't work with our old tv , so we ended up buying a smart tv with built in wifi .
the camo started to clip after a few days of using it . the case looks cool but is pretty cheap .
great there should be a secondbook riley weber is one of my favorite authors i love him so much
it was your typical story , boy meets girl they don't think it will ever work out but then it does .
i like imus . but this album is garbage . he should be embarassed by the songs .
stupid
this is absolutely not the same bracelet they send you , don't buy this . there's no leather in this leather bracelet .
i got this from airsplat that was a mistake and it never worked sent it for repairs and they did nothing .
installed once then never used . the integrity of this cheap plastic product had it falling off immediately . not worth buying .
but prescription nausea meds don't help me either . so i think the problem is with me , not the product .
i was really disappointed with this book is was flat and really lacked a head , most unlike his normal offerings .
i was rather disappointed with this . it's not padded at all . it's a glorified mattress cover .
all of these quartz did not have one that was in size ! all of the stones were smaller than th
thought this would be better , but daughter loves this game . works great for young players . thought it would be better buts it's okay
its not the right color
terrible
doesn't do anything for me , or my year old . and i think it should be for and older .
couldn't get it on right , ended up throwing it away . total waste of ten bucks . phone is fine without it .
i cannot remember the last time i didn't finish a book . i had better things to do with my time .
metal shavings . that is all . garbage . don't waste your dollars . do not purchase this item because it sucks azzzzzz .
this is the worst humming bird feeder i have ever had . and the humming birds do not like it either .
spend a few extra bucks and get something that is actually usable . very chheap handle and steel . poorly balanced hatchet .
did not like how it looked on me need something with spandex . would not recommend to women of plus size .
pet piller is not what i expected . cut edge of tubing is rough . size capsule barely fits in tip .
tried to register my p for warranty web site is not active . called usa number busy signal or no answer .
very disappointing . not very much information just of the most meager . i do not really recommend it to anyone .
not what i expected . one sheet of protective material , which did not stick very well .
does not really function like videocool mask by itself thought scarywould use as regular mask or on prop
it's simply a rip off of lost . there is no original thoughts . the story drags on and goes nowhere . why ?
it was all over the place . it went from hot to cold . over all it was a pretty good read
this novel is easy to figure who what the killer is . it is a straightforward read with no twists or turns .
the first time i tried to play the game it froze . i had to delete it from my kindle fire .
cmyk all in one cartridges have no black in them , and they should ! what a waste of time and money !
the product size ran to small , it's a beautiful color though . i might try againsomeday if the sizes increase .
i had this for week . one week . the stone is gone . it was a complete waste of my money .
it is almost all plastic and does not allow a straight down 'rainfall' configuration on a normal height shower .
i was spectec a lot more and to enjoy while i was exersicinng i do not like the song selection .
received this dvd quickly , but it will not play on my dvd player ! keeps coming up error . i am not happy !
quite disapionted no real jimnastics and the girls were slow and dreamy .
horrible item burst while we were filling air and were only half way through . do not recommend this at all .
i could have put this together myself . that i paid . for it is my own fault . disappointed and sorry .
i guess i should have read the small print . this box is about as big as a large postage stamp !
these were ordered for some one else , no complaints so far , hope they last a while and are comfortable sj
received this item quick and fast but its not working . not worth to buy . so dont waste your time purchasing this item
this is a cheap item , so disappointed ! droped my dolar camera ! dont believe what they say ! bad bad bad bad bad !
i really feel that usher is the like taylor swift . he uses his personal drama to try to sell cds .
this robe is huge , scratchy and not unisex . i like my robes over sized but this is a tent ! men only .
the magnet is great , so strong the the metal they are made of broke in pieces when separating . not recommended
turned within the first day .
very very large . if u think you are one size order at least sizes smaller
resolution is astonishingly less than what appears on amazon .
ineffective too expensive
most of the songs suck , the lyrics suck , i would not recommend it , they arent good artists , horrible aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
some arrived broken
never got them but they sure got my money . had to give them one star because that's the lowest one .
very disappointed games were not the same as they were back in the day poor quality .
very disappointed . did not really add any color to hair . would not waste my money . save your money . word word
snooze fest dry boring dribble about absolutely nothing . the characters never develope , want my or what ever minutes back .
nothing for free and in this case nothing for either . don't waste your time or money
pockets for cd dvd's are very tight .
it flops around in the jack and won't stay upright ! the recording quality is fine , but the flopping is annoying .
very little about sailing . it was just a poorly done travelogue about the islands . don't waste your time watching it .
way to big holy crap wish the size on the screen was the size it actually was
make it sync with tootle tasks on kindle fire and i'd give it stars . without that , it gets one .
too small and clunky had to return .
this is for a massive sized handlebar . didn't realize when i ordered it .
dose not work on my phone or tablet i wood not down load it you will b wasting your time
i had to return this can opener . it would not open cans , why keep it ?
unfortunately the app does not work with the kindle fire hd . when will they fix the app to to work ?
i would like to play but the game will not open . hopefully i'll get to try in the near future !
stopped booting in less than weeks .
very dificult to gage the size without a known item to compare it to .
a medium top was too big , i'm ' , lbs , b . the matching shorts , however are awesome in a small !
not helpful
this was too expensive for the quality of this product . it doesn't stay snapped together and was made poorly .
the product was in strips instead of one piece . it was difficult to use once peeled off . waste of money
this battery does not fit the dell d and someone at amazon should take some initiative and change the description .
i am not sure that i saw any reliable decrease in blood sugars . i finished the bottle but won't reorder .
the spring stretched out when i tried to fasten it to the button hole . would like a rufund in full .
it did not fit my diamondback ar .
wish i had not spent the money on this book . so predictable and boring . don't waste your time or money .
the book is not worth the price , not a lot of good choices of recipe to choose from , wouldn't buy
limp and made of very flimsy materials . sent back .
use your fingers it's easier .
need i say more ? the profanity used in the book is enough to tell you about this mans character .
must have been written by a middle school student . poor grammar and word usage . not high quality writing at all ,
this is a poor quality item . it scratches on the smallest thing . waste of money . never would buy this again .
purple rubber part of this case does not lay right on the phone . rubber inserts for protection are constantly buckled !
this product did not adhere to any product that i tried to use it on so i returned it .
ads are way to frequent and there are too many . i know its free but it is not worth it .
could not be more boring ! reading this book for my class was one bitter experience .
did not even fit my phone , i was very disappointed with this product ! won't be buying again for sure .
i only got printed out pages and it run out ! please don't buy this cartridge ! it's a rip off !
i ordered of these , and was empt and the other only sprayed once . . will not odere again
was not at all helpful for my needs . too light . for the totally clueless about evernote . would appreciate a refund .
tom clancy threat vectornot good tom clancy . the new writers are way out in cyber space and not realistic .
it didn't fit my galaxy . it was too small . i would really like more variety for this galaxy . sorry .
small , cutting my girls in half flattening them . i've never returned any items to amazon , thinking about it now
i have never recieved this book . i cannot rate highly considering i paid for something i never recieved .
worked for seconds on ipad
pro very powerful and small . con it blows out not sucking in ! well , maybe half and half . very noisy as well .
already broke and i haven't even had it for more than a month and only used it three times !
this battery does not hold a charge very long . not even a good hrs . do not recommend .
not useful when trying to figure out inlaws that are intrusive . just stories of other couples problems . not worth buying .
unbelievably bland . like eating cardboard . i think kitty litter , or even something that my cats deposit in it , would taste better .
never could get the blades in the handle . and blades didn't seem to be all that sharp .
the problem is very simple it does not work , it works only when it is plugged in . do not buy .
did not work to play music from my iphone to sound dock and it also came apart within uses .
seriously small . fits like a size or knuckle . and the metal it is made out of is filmsy .
you think you are getting tequila , you aren't just four expensive glasses and one was broken upon arrival . very disappointing
one light it's no work right , just blink one function , end i know we'll be sucks to replace this again , . disappoint
nice sweatshirt but it had to be returned as the xl was more like a xxl or xxxl .
these boots are really shiny and cheap looking i had to return them fits loose around the ankle . disappointed camper
too little for the price
dislike it . just not my style . im sure its great for others though . this is my seven more words needed
hard drive purchased was the demensions advertised for the case , but it did not fit . i ended up ordering another .
thjs pen is not what it claims , no laser pointer and it's super waste of time and money . mad customer
didn't fit the seat and ripped while installing .
would not play on my kindle fire . too bad .
it works until the dog gets used to it , which takes a few days . thereafter it's ineffective . can't recommend it .
flimsy i don't like it . handle bends when half full . it's thin and difficult to work with don't buy .
only cut one side of paper . poorly made ! not worth the money ! this is not worth more than . dollars
downlaod was quick and instructions clear but could not get it to work . dumped it . no point in wasting space .
didn't realize it was perite had to give it to my granddaughter , will pay more attention in the future . whoops
you'll need one to cut through this wooden performance . save your money and buy a john tesh album .
it tastes pretty gross . next time i won't be buying anything other than normal salt .
please read ! this cases does not fit the lg env . dont buy
i learned a valuable lesson in ordering this item . read the fine print . it was small and cheap . very disappointed !
kept me turning the pages and wanting to figure it all out ! i would highly recommend this book to others !
very cheaply made . very little sole support and they are very thin all round sides . they are floppy and loose .
this latch won't last the summer season . it seems the plastic was designed to fail within a few month . mine did .
not as entertaining as first look . took if off my kindle to save space . might b good for younger generations .
i want a screen capture program . this is not it ! now what do i do ? i want to return it .
i was very disappointed to find out that this did not work i dont have any more words to describe
scientist is the man but this album is total cheeseball try older scientist albums instead .
all the photographs are pretty much the same . no real explaination of his method . sorry i spent the money .
not worth it , didnt keep my intrested . aaaaaaaaaaand was not worth it at all . didnt show much close to fake ,
she's about years to late ! her style is a poor imitation of lydia pense and cold blood nothing new , here .
they were to short i ask for long ones
a great walking shoe , but not necessarily for narrower feet . it's worth trying at home if free returns are available .
i just got it today . i was mad because it did not look like that picture that show glittering shiny spiral . . lt
i usually love bedhead pajamas but this one was ugly and was not an attractive fit . wasn't worth the price .
the most ridiculous and most boring thing i've ever seen . arianna needs acting lessons . definitely do not waste your money .
this may cause stomach upset as this is not enteric coated . i should have noticed that when i ordered it .
this app sucks ! it doesn't give you the access it claims .
my epson printer will not recognize the cartridges
this system is not worth what they charged for it , poor sound , wish i had not brough it
i read it . don't waste your time .
not very intuitive . boring boring boring . it's easier to just google on my phone . the animal sounds are ridiculous . blah
very predictable . the ending is apparent after reading of the book . a disappointment when compared with demille's other work
good game but my kindle will only play it upside down so i have to play it at a angeles
well it's stupid ok do not by it it creepy my kid botits and she cried seriously why ? why .
i have to buy another one because was not the part for the car , i buy for a car overseas
the neck stays exposed and the material is very thin , i wouldn't recommend it there are better ones out there
this book was boring i finished it because i was desperate to see if it got better . it didn't .
dont like the smell
didn't work when it arrived . the package was opened slightly .
i never thought i would see the day that the quality of a eric clapton release would be so dreadful .
did not like very uncomfortable slippers , felt like plastic sent back right away to amazon would not buy this brand again
the unit quit working turns off by itself other than that it's okwould not buy another one of these
okay story but nothing surprising saw the ending in the first chapter . needed a little more of a back story .
the cord worked for all of about days and then cropped out on me for no reason . very dissatisfied .
it didn't even worked i guess thats why its so cheap but at least work for a month or something
it broke within two weeks of me having the product .
strap broke after weeks . looks good but now just sits on dresser , save your money go with something else .
i thought it will be fit because i choose m size . but i liked the style of the jacket .
this has nothing to do with basic first aid , it is about grayhounds . my bad but the title is deceptive
i love bbc news , but this app is a horrendous piece of programming . why can't they invest in something better ?
i received this bandana and it is not remotely close to being mint colored , it is kelly green , very disappointing
ordered the pink case , doesnt look pink at all , more like a copper color , not to mention its cheap plastic .
did i read the same book as the people in star reviews ?
did not fit my galaxy s android . covered camera and speaker . screen cover did not fit . my dtr liked the stylist .
these razors were too dull and would pull my whiskers instead of cutting them
did this dvd once and had a hard time getting through it . not difficult however , very uninspiring .
is not what inexpected is not working right u just hear static and no one heres me when i talk
the order was very prompt and what i wanted . i will use this in the future when we need them .
the light flops over making it useless for reading .
sorry . not that greatprose and story could be better . define the characters better . make the motives less mundane . has potential
i have had it for weeks and the paint on the out side is cracking and pealing very disappointed
always says content is not available for my device , which is a kindle fire . uninstalled since it serves no purpose
i was expecting flash cards i received an organized worn out booknot flashcards . also took too long to get item .
suggest order half size bigger . not for people with wide feet . i liked shoe but just too tight and narrow .
not at all what i expected !
just didn't like i would only give this to some wire do jut didn't like it all . very depressing book
i really don't like it because you have to have to have buddies for extras or have to pay !
extremely slow and uninteresting read . kept waiting for it to change . never did . anticlimatic with a ridiculous ending . very disappointing .
it lasted less than a year . the phone pop off the hard plastic holster very little pressure .
crappy controls . awful help points , conditions of critical hit areas in foreign languages , don't download this or its korean counterpart .
i would not own another pair of these . this is pitiful . all that money fornoisy shoes . do not recommend
hard to play . if improved , i may consider purchasing again . too many strokes required on the screen to score points .
very interesting and believable hope it never happenswill probably read more on this subject . watched a movie simular to this .
too bad ! i mean price . twice of the price compared to local store like safeway , qfc . check local store price before ordering
this dvd was very boring . volume is much better . do not waste your money or time with volume .
i chose this rating because it hard to follow . i truly did not like it . would not recommend it to anyone .
these sheets are not at all how they are advertised . they feel cheap and very thin . these will be returned .
i paired with home phone and when i called someone i could here them but they could not hear me !
not the best sunblock i've ever used . not very impressed . don't think i'll use a spray or mist sunblock again .
worked horrible , didn't even work at all actually . was very disappointed since i paid for nothing .
poor grammar and spelling leads me to distrust any advice in this book . i don't recommend this book to anyone .
no instructions on how to use it so therefore how do you use it . it was just there y y
product looked good at the site got an email that product had been shipped . never received the product !
at , including shipping , this item is overpriced . you can find the same charms at walmart for . pack of .
the producer tried to put stuff together , only the th disc washington dc worth watching .
for a mix kit ? am i getting this right its almost . for pretzel mix ? seems a bit high
this was not the correct battery for my laptop computer .
it wouldn't last , the smell is to sweet ! i think it's fair for the price . wouldn't buy it again .
it did not work so i erase it from my kindle
je n'est pas rien reu encore . j'attends toujours la livraison . a fait un mois . je trouves que c'est long .
very uncomfortable , do no like sole . have bought and worn clarks shoes for years . very , very disappointed . would not recommend !
the blood pressure reading is points higher than normal for myself and my wife .
i started reading this book for a book club read . i did not finish it . just one horror after another .
i can't type fast as the keys must be pressed too hard . not too happy . many mistakes to be corrected .
return the item never looked at it . i sent to someone and they couldn't accept the book at there facility
there are no words in this story . every other page is black . very confusing for my students . i regret purchasing it .
it doesn't work . it's flimsy and wont hold a phone . i tried to get my money back , but no luck .
this item never worked ! what more can you say ! the company did'nt even know how to get it to work .
pretty at first but breaks like shit
stuck with it now . software never worked right
it worked the first two days then it stopped working . my son was very sad and disappointed , thanks a lot .
the order was screwed up , why i don't know . more words required ? what kind of rule is that ? ! dumb !
after charging battery it did not work in phone . item was returned . just didn't work in my son s phone
can't really stack them and use more than one at a time as advertised . so very time consuming disappointing item
never lets you play more than minutes without crashing the entire game or even your computer , extremely frustrating experience !
way too small returned looked like a child's size ! cute vest , for a kid ! took a bit to come also .
an emotional review of religious beliefs and how to occupy your time in the jungle . nothing of substance .
poor quality . i returned it . it was way shorter than it looked and the fabric seemed cheap . i was disappointed .
worst tasting cookies i have ever eaten and if it didn't cost too much i would send what's left back .
it is too difficult to read and does not help with practical matters . maybe a newer edition is probably better ?
it was that person idea of what to believei disagreed with him on several points . better to read david jeremiah books
mister did not have light enough mist for my use
gives an overview but does not explain processes very well . a disappointment . and not worth the effort to read the guide .
w this worthless piece o 'crap ! . shame on you julianne moore ! , you must have needed the money ! . how dare you waste my time !
does not come as pic shows
useless . all instructions in chinese . can't use . it looks ok but no good to me . useless altogether . the end . sad .
case does not fit properly . difficult to press on off when unit is installed . poor angle non adjustable .
purchased this usb drive less than weeks ago and its already dead . total piece of crap . avoid this brand .
ink item wss not a suction mount kit it was some kind of plastic that seems to be from intake .
this charger works but . amps doesn't seem to be powerful enough . my phone is still always on low battery .
it did not fit my s with flip cover , so it is a waste for me . service is fast . thanks
it fits my phone too tight . i was worried it was going to break a botton if i forced it .
these are the worst towels known to man . do not buy these .
not what expected didn't get into it at all
not recit the super mario bros
it worked the st time charged and pluged to my phone . after that , it will only show that is charged .
seemed like somebody already opened it before ? missing the guide bookhaven't start using it yet hope it's not a second hand
i would not recommend this product , spend a couple dollars more and get the name brand usa made bore snake .
this cartridge does not work as stated in a canon ip . too late to return ,
i bought this productnot happyit smells horribledid not like the smelli did not like the googy feelingnot impressed at all
no autofocus . this camera is junk ! don't waste your time dissasembling your phone for this faulty unit . not oem replacement
i want to returnplease return moneyi want retun moneyi cant play game because my country cant this game
junk ! bought for raspberry pi . the keys either do not register when pressed or stay pressed causing multiple key strokes
directions which told me to order size down for half sizes which is not correct . over all quality was poor .
a typical miss marple . i love her and she is so good at getting to the bottom of any situation .
i couldnt get through level one this is stupid but if you like this kinda thing get it , if your smart
i returned these because i found them in chewable which i prefer . pills are rather big and hard to swallow .
does not actually fit razr hd , it seems like it should but the edge around the razr made it difficult .
pretty pricey for just pillow cases and a comforter . maybe would be better if it came with sheets ser .
ordered q but runs small ! small on height and waist and hips also good price if i could wear them
not as good as i wanted it to be . just ordinary and there is too much just ordinary out there .
i do not like the necklace , i am send them back , you can not read to the moon and back
i wish it was softer on the skin . it requires body cream or lotion after . i like to return it .
this thing is junk dont waste your moneycheap bore sightexpensive cat toywaste of moneywaste of time
yuck it was huge and ill fitting . made me look like a monk . sent it back the second i took it off .
gloves started falling apart after just three uses . yellow dye bleeds onto hands . size runs small . waste of my money .
cant give a zero
we bought two of these for christmas , and they both broke within hours .
was very boring and just stopped , just moved on and on in the same way , do not recommend this book
this cord does is not a beats audio cord , don't be fooled .
case does not fit as shown in picture . does not wrap around the front of phone as seen in picture .
love it so much , so i got one for my best freind , even though she is not fond of pink
the title says it all . saitek support did not respond to my email . could not find help in their forums .
the very poor purchase i have made so for . cheap and poorly made .
i found it boring and i overtly political . odd also that no character mentions how long malthus had been wrong .
most of the time i would get an error message . i got tired and deleted the app from my device .
not very sturdy , broke not too long after husband started using bought another one and it is still working good
this item did not work . it fell off the mirror that i adhered it to . the foam was very meager .
hard to clean , melts in dishwasher
it may have actually worked for day . this is a bad purchase decision . do not buy this charger .
i bought them for being swarovski . i wouldn't buy them again . they are sold as swarovski but don't look great .
it worked well until the head snapped off . rigged it so i could still use it but pretty cheap considering .
i'm kinda bummed ! had a lot of points and had to reload the game . lost everything ! not very happy ! upset !
fast shipment . very difficult to open parallel , flimsy construction . unfortunate my husband threw the box away otherwise would return it .
boo ! purchased at a low price but received only the phone case not the iphone screen protectors or the pen .
it didn't work properly , sound only came from half the speakers , and half the time it wouldn't connect at all .
sat its a pack of two . but only recieved one ! it definatley took a long time to recieve it as well
it's so inconvenient to use , the keys r not user friendly , i should have just ordered without keyboard ! !
it was not what i was looking for , i was looking for a builders guide rather than poorly copied pictures .
but the cd malfunctions . wonder if you could forward me one that works as the cd does skip quite often .
i bought this to use with my iphone , because i love the solar recharging feature , but it did not work .
trash , just broke , barely had it over months , light use .
the book that was pictured in the ad arrived without the jacket cover . that's a no no shame on you
not very good . i removed it from my kindle fire after trying it for minutes . not good , not good .
they were terrible print outs that were not scaled properly . now they look all pixelated . fale advertising really . come on .
not as advertised . it is white on both sides not double sided with soft sun white . merely white on both sides .
guessing i should go back to kindergarten . about actually grew . will try to grow something next year i guess .
i was gettin in to the book than it was over . not a good ending but glad it was free .
this was stolen off my front porch , and was never refunded or replaced . the nerve of some people . thanks a bunch
terrible , no support , no structure , my friends like the design , but basically for slipper wear only .
this is a bad book . it was written as a joke and has no good advice .
not impressed . looks like yet another promo of nothing really by dr . oz . it is certainly not for anyone experiencing adrenal fatigue or burnout .
it is boring and no fun i think . how about youit should be deleted do you think . so or not
not the actual artists or songs . glad it was free , i would have been mad if i paid for it .
big disappointmentstarts off slow , then gets better , end is a disappointment . a waste of my precious reading time . barbara lyons
very poorly made cover started separating from backing within days i've had to glue it back several times
the hat was suppose to be subdued pale pink . it is hot bright pink . not happy with the color . kathy levin
the top has wire and the wire popped out in the very first time i wore it in the pool
the font is incredibly hard to read . my also , there were stains from food on random parts of the book .
very old master wich has a lot of dnr that doesn't helps . all this result in a near dvd quality .
it leaked , ruined my kindle . have to buy a new kindle . will try to get a refund for the case
tried this for the joint pain i get from my rheumatolical condition . i didn't notice any change . waste of money .
batteries have expiration date of received in was no indication i was receiving old batteries in this purchase
it did not fit ! the bag did not fit my kenmore dimension canister vacumm , which used typr m bags .
made with gmo corn , but it tastes good
seemed to me the daughter's vague sluttiness was the hook needed to get the book published . workmanlike , to be sure .
this is the worst movie i have seen all year . sorry picture of how the real spring break plays out !
these look like babys' earrings and there is no way the posts are mm . sending them back .
the range is no better than my years old d link , not easy to set up . stick to motherboards bye
like the costume , his guitar sound never changes . soooooooooooooooo predictable .
had to return it did not work but return was easy and hassle free
i bought this and it ran for weeks . it's been shipped back . i wouldn't recommend this to anyone .
it is difficult to use . to add appointments . i wish i hadn't bothered . i plan to use something else , simpler .
do not buy this phone ! voicemail does not work . display is very very outdated and dim .
the pump did not supply enough suction battery or electric wise . i found myself doing all the work anyway .
very small . must be irregulars . had to return x for size . would not purchase again ! was a waste of time
not even close to his older stuff . never was great literature but was great fun . this was exhausting , plodding reading .
these may be the most uncomfortable and unattractive item you could buy . i have donated mine to a homeless shelter .
if you like doyle and holmes and value your blood pressure , do not even look at this . read the original .
i just didnt like this not as per the picture . it was too shiny and too white . its not elegant .
the game is stupid do not waste your gb on this . why would they make such a stupid app like this .
its big and i dont like the texture of the case so i discarded it
they sucked didn't even fit in my glasses and we thin and flimsy and not worth returning for the money
this thing is horrible , i'll never buy something like this .
the rim on mine was bent when it got delivered .
i expected this essential oil of lavender to be as described . it was not . i'd return it if i could .
they sent some kind of plastic stopper not even close to being as described as natural piercing corks at all
broke when i tried to put on my ear , the clipper for the ear came right off , so it's useless
everything on the kindle edition i have already played on my laptop and there is never any more games added .
this book and his last were not his best work and im not buying the new one !
not very easy to use . didn't really work . still not sure of my blood type .
not rose smell at all too much perfume , not what i am looking for . i will not be purchasing again .
i was disappointed in the movie . i did not see any redeeming value in the characters . the plot was disturbing .
too much large the size not is really . the size don't respect the misure that amazon show on the site
i purchased two of these thermometers and both broke in one week . do not waste your money on this product .
it stopped working after a month . the highest level now is only as warm as level from a month ago .
the socks did not last too long . they are a bit flimsy . my husband is usually rough on socks though .
not well done , and basically boring . could have used an edit before being published . generally , i enjoy the lalonde novels .
i ordered the text book for the basic practice of stat . not the outline , for the book .
you only have free love courses and the rest u pay for its ur choice to buy this game
this phone case looks ok in person not what i was expecting . it is a little too glittery to me
useless .
kit lasted days untill the ballast went . but it came in a nice case that's about it . thank you
i ordered this book jan . and still have'nt received it . what's up with this ?
the powder leak and damaged my printer . my prints were very light . i regret did not buy from the manufacture .
not good , throught it out and will not go into the problems it caused to my dog ! do not buy
i gave this to my niece for christmas and it lost a stone within minutes . it was very disappointing
if this pump cost . it would be overpriced ! the quality is so bad , they should be ashamed of themselves .
none of the wingnuts stay tight , also , the magnifier flops over and will not stay tight .
it doesn't maintain compass reading accurately and is difficult to calibrate . wasted money and wasted time and not very satisfying
not high quality . didn't work ! threw it away ! i would not spend my money on this ! it is not worth it .
bad since ripped , seems not leather but is not worth the amount that was paid , disposable , not buy anymore , tks
it worked fine except it was reading about numbers too high according to a doctors unit . sent it back .
looks ok , but it is blah overall , very small , very plastic , and no compartments . there are two tiers , one lidded .
this was just not my cup of tea ! i am still reading it but find it hard to digest !
i have some woodworking skills and this plan looked like sure road to disappointment . i did not like the methods suggested .
the felt tips fall off all the time . i am down to one now and would not recommend this product .
didn't really enjoy the first one but it was much better than this one . story is just plain boring .
i want to buy cd with magic of david copperfiel
horrible after a week , antenna loses signal and does not even stand up properly due to the poor stand .
when i finally received this book . the owls head on the front cover was sewn on upside down . otherwise cute .
atually made me break out more . ended up going to dermatologist to fix my face .
too flimsy . thumbscrews needed to be over tightened to hold adjustment and one stripped out after trying to tighten it .
it doe not charge none of it works ! the price sucks customers in , then he she ends up with useless junk !
the worst hand held vac i've ever used , won't pick anything up ! do not waste your money on this product .
this is really just crap the joysticks barely work . i wouldn't spend a single penny i this !
i believe i sent these back because they were too heavy . i ordered a different pair and they are good .
cheesy , thin junky garbage junk junk crap go to rite aid any thing is better than this paper thin junk .
this bar is tough to chew and your jaws will get a workout . very hard and dry . cardboard like texture .
not worth the time
weak plot and dialogs . other than the new york scenery the movie lacks a story line . i do not recommend
this was surprisingly entertaining . not my my style but it was a good read . would i recommend it . not really .
purchased several of these pliers for christmas gifts . everyone from love them . easy to use and grip is great .
did not work on my phone . sim could have been the wrong size . it fit into the sd card slot
these bulbs were not as bright as i had hoped and did not work well with stock signal flash relay
don't work with our tv . description did not tell you on passive d or real d tv needs different styles
the charge only lasts a couple of days with very little use . not much better than the one it replaced
i thought the orange would be darker . want to purchase other colors from you but need those choices emailed to me . fwa clear . net
service was good , and book was in excellent condition . but i didn't care for writing or contents .
boring storyline and plot . yes , it's a b movie , but it can still be decent . a complete waste of time .
g evobarely charged my phone when i was using it sometimes it didn't charge at all . don't buy this item
no its was good for hrs then no good do not buy this product no good bad bad bad bad
just a way for author to try to make money . really don't care about his vasectomy and bag of peas .
doesnt fit extended mah by anker like other users said it would .
purchased this battery thinking it would be at least good for one year . it only lasted one week , very dissapointed
to much air gets through . not anti fog . you get what you pay for . cheap does not mean good . yep
what came was half of what was illustrated . i needed the other half . very disappointed in this purchase . oh well .
i bought this cd for the song white bird . the live rendition is not like the originalversion . i was disappointed .
i bought this as a gift and it broke on the nd use ! choose another product .
it doesn't fit the phone . the phone slides around inside and that is not the stylus that came with it .
didn't work at all ! had the right specs just doesn't work . everything was shipped on time , except it doesnt work !
i enjoyed both characters . strong funny female lead with great gay friends . enjoyable fast read . slow at times . . stars
did not work for usbnet
for the price , you can't expect much . but these broke shortly after i recived them . there garbage . don't buy it .
zippers broke and bag ripped on all three bags after first use . made the purpose if this bag completely useless
just like the title says , it is what it is . it's a gb card that works .
would like it but it will not work it gives some type of read error .
very nice colors . looks a lil too greasy and oily . didn't work for as well as i thought . hate it . stay away please
consumer labs just reported high levels of cadmium in this and a few other brands of cocoa powder . buyer beware .
the stickers looks so cheap and flismsy . the color is ugly bright pink . i am so disapponted with this product .
the case made me go from bars to no service when i put it on . it did not work .
although labeled full queen , even with a dust ruffle the comforter was way too short on all side of the bed .
of book is with general topics , other than j ee
when my grandchild sat in this car , she fell backward because it needed to have a high headrest in back .
terrible app , can't get anything from assistantdo not waste your time on this app . can't even get customer support crapforget it
thin , cheap material . almost see through . if you must have it , caf eacute press has it for . . forty dollars ? for . ?
hole in the chuck is off enter , this is not a precision piece . it was worth the time to return it .
too much like a cheap novel . i like more substance in my books .
the stand by me chapter was the only thing readable about the book .
it is suppose to be new it is dirty and the face strap broke off not pleased with this product
phone doesn't go with kx tg b
it is pretty but has an odd fit at the top and gapes at the cleavage
the set is a rip off and it really cost that much really ?
i bought this package because it said compatible with new amazon kindle fire tablet on the description . it's not .
from the moment i opened it , it starting pulling apart . also , there was no room to put cards , license , etc .
no very good , there is a small thing in the watch inside , i can't clear it
the movie is slow developing and goes nowhere in the end . just another what i did on my summer vacation .
dead , not worth the money . misleading advertisement . not one seed sprouted with careful planting techniques . i do not recommend these .
it really wasn't a bad book but just really not my style . i couldn't get hooked in to the reading .
you can only watch halloween movies from the last years you cant search or listen to music it sucks
can't find where it is on my kindle ? please tell me w where it is ? can anyone help me ? anyone else please
kind of gross . not sure you can call this jerky .
i found this movie to be odd and very disappointing . not scary at all and the story was just plain .
did not cut the wire small finger size . it would bunch up and then i had to take ratchet apart .
it was an easy read but i didn't take anything from it and was not entertained i would not recommend
if you like really fake looking plastic plant that is fake looking plastic a mile away tips over and ugly overall
very flimsey . definetely and the not as good as the bolle carve snow goggles i bought for the same price .
just not nearly as good as battlefield . this game feels like a step down fromb bf
didnt seem to work well even with a motion plus sensor cant really use for nothing waste of my money
i will be sending in my form for refund , the poor insects were almost all dead when they finally arrived .
i bought this phone , my wife like the looks of it . but all the functions are worst
didn't even turn on
returned this item . it was not good quality and the size was not even close . would not recommend this item .
crap
awful boring overdone turned off less than half way thru . don't waste your time . even music overdone . ridiculous . don't watch
size and style was different on my dog . needed to request a refund , otherwise cute outfit . husband wasn't a fan .
these were the perfect size to hold vegetable dip in lunches , but they were very difficult to open and close .
i want to know if this kit comes with cars because for that reason i made the purchasepleace
this book lacked all the usual clancy excitement . the vr was completely unbelievable .
top jams and will not feed paper . happens at least once a week . have traded it in for a brother
total garbage . i deleted this little gem after the first play . someone at amazon is asleep in the music admissions department .
pure junk
the lamp is bright enough but it started flickering after only two weeks . poor quality control for the electrical components .
pound bulldog destroyed it in less than days . initially bent inner tube , then broke the top connection post .
it was low quality . kinda crappy ! it's a good brand , we must have just got a bad one . very dissappointed !
this game froze about every seconds while playing it and eventually froze my kindle ! i don't recommend this game .
the temperature it shows is no where near what it should be and there is no way to adjust it
this is absolutely garbage ! it doesn't work ! not even worth the one star that they force you to rate it !
sucks
fits tighter than other ua shirts especially in the neck
it crashed my kindle fire ! playing the same measure for a long time ! it suckkss don't buy this crap its bad
i have tried three times to get them to work . could be bad timers or just complicated , for me . mht
this heater only worked for a total of about hours . apparently soleusa air makes their items very cheap .
poor fit , hard to remove cards . buy a better case and don't waste your money here . keep looking , check casemate .
the ornament hurt my feet , the color makes it look cheap .
the home travel charger i ordered did not work ! now i have to go thru the hassel of returning it
there are no words that can describe how completely and annoyingly useless this book is for learning to compose music .
these are very crappy and they don't even have english written on them when you get them !
giving them away because these ran really small . i'm sure my young cousins will be happy though !
stephen king ? i don't think so ! this is a mindless piece of trash . don't waste your money !
bad material . it's a see through dress , it's not as picture shows . im very dissapointed . i want my money back
could not hear it very poor recording , what a rip off i want my money back please , pleae , please , please
for the dvd they gave the box new cover art . thats the best thing about this whole dvd nuff said !
it did not work ! i waited a couple of weeks to see results and . nothing ! i have tried everything
this app need to go it is nothing like all the other abc apps . not impressed of this app at all .
i never got them in the mail . i'm not sure what happen i kept checking the mail everyday waiting nothing
really disappointed after all the hype on the reviews . it dragged on and ending was really dismal . would not recommend
i got extra coins and they never put in system . i have no way to request a fix n get coins
minutes of charging only added more to my galaxy s , returned it
none of these borders were worth the time i spent looking at them . must be someone elses cup of tea .
it broke after two . weeks and dose not . stick to thr car dash
boring game . had high hopes but it reminds me of the first draft of final fantasy before the overhaul .
they are exstremely too big . they fit like a men's xxl . i can't beleive these are women's pants . overll , not happy .
had to return it as the fins were too small for scuba or snorkeling . mask , snorkel and bag were fine .
it's ok . a little hard to put more than one tie on each rung . may look for another one later .
just crude , disrespectful and a waste of money but mostly a waste of time . save your money and your time .
this app will not download on kindle fire . customer service sugested i erase everything on kindle and try it again .
not very solid design an not very good diversity i should have saved my money an bought a real book
this unit worked ok at first , but completely broke electronically after months . i was expecting it to last longer .
i just had the feeling i had read all this before . the story was just that familiar . nothing new here . what was original ?
the clip is not strong enough , and it will not close when the phone is inside . poor quality . won't purchase again .
doesn't work , won't charge for some reason , could be cause not oem product . still got the laptop computer . who knows
this battery is only running my laptop for an hour , i even shut down most programs running in the background .
died after month . always really hot . i'm an avid user but this just blows . do not waste yo money
weak , pointless conditioner . other oribe products are great though such as royal blowout
waist of money didn't work
terrible cover . very cheap quality . without my protective case the screen protector only lasted a week before it was shredded
the size was to small than i ordered , don't buy it , it's bad quality , i don't recommend this shirt . no
used it for my yr old pit , very tedious to use , didn't work . i had to crush the pills .
they ripped me of it had bit marks and it had pink on helmet . star . they suck don't buy it don't .
is a bad os because not that much apps but the phone is good for its price and good system
notification sounds will not turn off . i've adjusted in the settings to not make sounds , but still it does . uninstalling .
beautifully made but the cover leaked !
i downloaded the game but it will no install to my computer . this really sucks this is my favorite game .
it is work just for one month
i turned out to not like the case sorryit was on big but i did like the color
i don't think it was worth what i paid for it given the size . but i should have looked more carefully .
what a waste of time !
this item looks good , but my homemade antenna works way better ! the rotor jams up , very cheap construction . not impressed !
faded very quickly . had bought the same product a few years ago and it held up better .
the dvds don't stay in the case . i feel a little ripped off . might have to purchase another one eventually
the suitcase was very very small and the quality was not what i expected . not worth the money at all .
cable started fraying on the iphone connector side and it stopped working within two weeks . what more can i say .
its good but it was brokem when it got here . just go buy it off a regular store instead .
fine attempt to re write the us constitution . no school district should allow this obviously slanted history poison our youth . unconscionable .
i thought they would have a cooler look . unfortunately , they didn't for my taste . buying shoes online is risky business
guys if you see in gingers eyes really closly you can see some oneface look closly idk if its haked
this book contains old and outdated material , and is of very limited use
not a lot of bells on this garland and wide spacing in between , didn't work well on a mini tree !
not gi gear ! small for my neck size . gave it away to kids in the hood .
it could be better it was really immature for me all th e fuss over a pen seriously ! ? really ! ? dreamwriter gmail . com
vinyls did not fit . had to cut them down myself . other than that they were ok . color was good quality
had to return made a mistake on size was too large but was easy to return . unfortunately had to return
wasted whatever i paid for the product . only thing i lost !
watery and kind of tasteless
i could really have done without ordering these silly , shiny , pocketless puff diddy shortsreally though , y no side pochets , huh ?
sorry didn't like the taste it ended up being a waste of money for us . we threw it out .
the how to play instruction needs workna na na na na na na na nabewbewhewyuo
battery didnt work . it was only bucks to i took the loss . dont buy it . dont waste your money . i threw mine out
crap ! bad sound quality , cutting out , don't even work really
while i knew this wouldn't be the same size frog you actually get in universal , it was sooo small . disappointing .
there is nothing exotic or interesting about this book . skip it , it was boring and not worth the time reading .
this bathrobe could never have sold for as advertised ! seriously ? nice gift , served my purpose , but not anything special .
doesnt cover front screen which makes case worthless
width too small sold to a friend .
product stopped working charging after months . unfortunately , return policy was only good for days .
best shot i ever had , uniform product i would recommend it to anyone needing shot . the price was the best
the rack wasn't sturdy enough for the dryer . wasn't able to use as listed . would use as stand alone unit .
plastic bag
knew movie was gonna be a b movie , but could have done without the soft porn .
terrible sound ! i removed them the day after installing them ! distortioned the music sound , i totally didn't like this product .
my unit was manufactured in march and died a year and half later after minimal use .
before i could even take the film out , it broke and now my film is stuck inside it . not good .
the product s work the way they should , i just wasn't happy that i received of everything that i ordered !
junk works like crap . worked for a few weeks then changed my sump design and stopped skimming like it was .
was not compatible with my computer i suppose . could not get it to download . will be returning this item soon
mirrored ? not !
you can not use charger when you have this attached . very disappointed . it is going back .
purchased this product after trying others , followed all instructions and did not see any change . what a waist of money .
returned these sheets . they were very thin and felt cheap . still looking for good sheets . will try qvc next time
unlike his previous novels , this felt as if it was 'an annual churn out' which he needed to publish . very disappointing .
didn't give current or accurate weather i . e . , not proper snow predictions no amount given . easier to look up on line .
can't het rid of the upgrade notice to play , even after downloadinng the update . fix my game . there as glitch .
the left side of my screen sometimes doesn't work . all the other things are fine .
the dyson clutch seems to be non disassableable , so check your mechanical skills prior to purchasing just the replacement belts .
you'll never be in danger of getting too deeply involved with the characters or plot . it lacks depth or surprise .
it didn't fit my phone right and fell apart within weeks .
very poor quality , duplicated from vhs , blurry . so sorry i bought it . even the cover is just a bw photocopy !
this book is very disappointing ! the projects are very basis and uninspiring there are better cabochons books out there .
people said it taste like cheese , not to me . ick ! but that is just my opinion , you may love it .
i should have known anything that says seconds for an eyelift was a joke . do not waste your money .
the case moves around and comes off the top corners of the nano . not very functional .
plug falls out of phone handset . terrible . do not buy .
faulty product the person receiving this christmas present was unable to use it . explains why it was so reasonable .
very thin material . too small
they won't ship it to hawaii . do they know hawaii is actually the th state ?
was broken when i received it
said compatable with hp but it was not
too fet
i actually gain weight on this product , and since the return policy is nearly impossible i am stuck with it .
i've connected my laptop to my lcd an it doesn't send any video audio signal . don't buy chinese products please .
contains msg
we did not receive batman . we did receive all the other cases . what do i need to do pls assist
insert charger plug into ipad broke off after two months . wasted . will stick with apple charger . save your money .
to short would've liked to have more of this story . the ending sucked . would've like to read about their wedding .
it's a costume , like fake fealing we bought the hat and sword separate and they were kiddie items not adult .
i love the way it looks and it held many of my kitchen utensils with ease while still looking great
hard to get into the story . did not like how it was written and the characters lacked . do not recommend .
nice
package was incomplete , the two brushes did not arrive . very poor quality . i would not recommend this product to anyone .
my dogs did not like them . i gave them each one twist and neither one finnished it . i threw them away finally .
and you should believe anything written in this book ?
last time i checked the battle flag only had stars on it , and the one i got had .
these did not fit properly and were unbelievably foggy . complete waste of money and time . would not recommend to anyone !
horrible quality . i hate it .
the handles tore out of the flimsy paper in less than a month . it was a horrible waste of money .
not the facebook game . thought it was and was not deleted it cant wait to tek it off the could
too big for my head . i have a small head though . kind of ugly .
reasonably priced . good gift for work colleagues and church friends and even for family . for somewone who is sick or recoveing
the very best of the partridge family only had good songs on it . the rest was previously unreleased garbage .
you would have to be a moron to like this movie . stupid plot . bad acting . no redeeming scenes at all !
all i read in the reviews was that it was terrible , unfortunatly i didn't listen . and yes it was awful !
i didn't like it . the book did not have no substance . don't waste your time buying this book . thank you
the software license is a trial version ! seriouslyyyyy ! software purchase is worth ! complete waste of moneytry motorola it works
i took so much time for you to put the order that i cancelled .
died within months
doesn't fit an usb socket . it is too small and doesn't make a connection . waste of money . don't buy it .
fabric is cheap . style and fit is non flattering . wouldn't buy this again .
handles were bowed in the middle which did not allow for easy attachment of wedding program . was very disappointed .
i received the battery and it didn't even charge . the icon in my notification area reads charging but a .
it didn't work . very disappointed my husband is a mechanic so he knows how to use these kinds of tools
i am norwegian and have grown up with the viking history , therefore i should probably not been rating this book
i misunderstood the product and found them too high in sugar and carbs
waste of your money . stay away from it . it is broken for first use . stylish is good but not durable .
fit the ipod . touch th gen but the camera is completely covered ! worthless and flimsy broke while opening the package
no good quality , too samol
was brooke in the box it came in !
this isn't a very good mat i didn't even like slepping on it one night .
was not what i thought the product happened to be . that is why i only gave stars . very disappointed .
hard to use , when you try to pull it out of the clip it usualy turns off
had to return item . didn't fit the faucet in the tub . but a refund was done . thank you
i ordered this when i received it was a dirty white not white at all . was very disappointed in this !
great shoes , but way too tight . the sizing must be off because even their wide is not really wide .
it does not work without cd that is supposed to go with it . i am returning it for a refund .
i could not get it to work on my kindle fire gbno help to get it goingdon't get it
i wasn't expecting a lot , but i wasn't expecting it to show up with so many scratches already on it .
awful . was unhappy with the product . the chips already have broken . i will not but from these guys again .
horrible book , the auther has no idea what love really is , its not abusive thats for sure . dont read it !
very low quality , returned it soon as we saw it . thought it would have been way better . nice idea though .
i was totally disappointed with the paper holder . it didn't meet my expectations .
it was all right but did not particularly love it . better to do it from scratch with the real saffron .
boring program . only watched it because it was a local restaurant . the restaurant did not improve in quality and prices went up .
device made an annoying high pitched noise when plugged in . not very loud , but audible and annoying . i returned it .
i didn't really prefer this movie . it was a good try but just not my cup of tea ! sorry
nice looking jacket but didn't fit runs small
i love the aveda products and usually buy in the store or directly from aveda . just the experience was poor .
this has got to be one of the most poorly written books i've ever had the misfortune to pick up .
i was just getting into it when it stopped . i hope it keeps going and i like the story line .
this is a cheap korean pirated copy . wondering what to do as i am now in possession of an illegal copy ?
runs really small
not happy with this book . started out ok then began to drag . too much detail couldn't finish . disappointed . would not recommend .
its ok if you can stick with it but the after the first detox i left it on the shelf .
stay away from this bulb . did not even work for months . all the bulbs i had died prematurely .
oversized watch . strap fixed by dovetail joint making it even bigger . uncomfortable . otherwise excellent .
the story line was not all that well thought . this book was to short and to repetitive for my taste .
this is terrible it breaks easily , won't wrap around my arm , it's cheap rubber , it's just terrible . money wasted . k
older and product terrible , so so so so so so so so so so so so bad this product
the smell of it is great , but it is entirely different than the almond mint . this made my hair greasy .
not water resistance . mistake . i thought it was waterproof .
junk . not so thinly veiled money grab .
not great . just a bunch of random pics . and not even good ones . could find better ones on pinterest . p
do not buy ! i bought two of these and the small end broke off both after a couple of uses .
the ending felt crammed into the story , and didn't blend in . i also thought that the story line drug on .
piece of crap the compas is garbage and i think its a little on the big side . dont buy this
didn't work on my galaxy s .
did not include belt . was very cheap looking . had to cut holes for the eyes . pretty disappointed . do not recommend .
the string is not adjustable which makes it almost impossible to use it for children , which i i ordered it .
lasted days and then just stopped working . nothing more to say . don't waste your money on this one people .
this does not work with a white sewing machine , it sits in the way of the needle and breaks it .
i just received this product , is not like on the picture , three extra parts are missing . also , made in hungary ?
this was a x mas gift lasted weeks do not recommend this just a player for this price
dont work
did not really love this book . it was all over the place with too much filler . a little disappointed . sorry .
beautifully crafted , however , not sturdy and breaks quickly . within a week there was a huge crack diagonally across the front
it's cheap costume jewelry but kind of cute . would work for a few wearings before it falls apart on you
it's poor quality . i i have to do some research and find a better one .
i will die if i see that one more time it is to girly for boys to look at .
boring
the teeth on the metal contact broke off after first use in top flight dslr equipment .
worst then parcel thread bed sheets . these sheets do not feel as good as tread parcel bed sheets .
stopped working after months
really cute shoe with a cushion insole , but it was too wide and too short . seemed to be well made .
i guess i will have to use my apple products to get my updates . quite a shame please fix
not a necklace . this is a bracelet or anklet !
too small , came with packing tape attached to the fibers , thin . i wasn't happy with this item and returned it .
really bad ! i had great expectations , but the acting was awful . don't waste your time . watch bling ring instead
not a very good product . doesn't keep your toes warm and burns up batteries in a few hours . don't buy .
title says it allway to expensive go to to city market or walmart its to cents . got it
i know it wasn't much as far as price but still bucks for a sticker and instructions forget it .
one of the chairs was broken so i could not put it together . out of frustration i threw them both out .
though the trades say vga is dead , i just wanted an good option . so these cat extenders do the job
this is only a written index with no pictures . is very misleading . buy it under your own risk . i got fooled
the tiny little stones fell off and then it just looks yucky , they need to crazy glue them or something
did not fit the iphone as stated . very disappointed .
we were not pleased with this product found other stainless products more effective product was not effective on brushed nickel faucets .
this book was a waste of my in my opinion . pages in and i was still just skimming it .
i loved the look of this headband , but it fell apart the first time she wore it !
this game not as advertised , not d , not fun , graphics too small , save your money and don't buy this game .
not that great . i expected more in depth presentation . writing is mundane at best .
there are pages out of order and i was sent a defective copy twice .
the annoying ads detract from the fun . don't waste your time . paid version for ipad and iphone are much better .
too difficult to put on my very heavy futon mattress .
this movie insults the intelligence of america i wish i never watched this movie . seth rogan wont trick me again .
this does not fit my full mattress , it is huge . also faded immediately when washed . i would not purchase again .
i am italian and i ate italian almonds all my life . i found these way too dry and tasteless , maybe old ?
it's not working in my cd player
plastic brown forks not gold . they are not what i consider heavyweight either . not impressed and i retuned them .
pros nice smell , stay fair enoughcons no matter how you hold the bottle , it will leak while you spray !
works great , easy to use and was reasonable in price . i who'll tell everyone it's worth it .
the clasps feel apart . i will not be ordering any more purchases from this site . looks are decieving .
this was basic information , some good insight , but i found most of the provided information on the cruise ship website
love the game but it stopped working . would just go off . have to delete and reinstall in order to play .
this story was stolen from the original authors , who actually have this up for free . please do not buy this .
this is a very low grade re manufactured product . also , poor printing quality and received one that does not work .
i purchased by mistake . i saw sandra brown and did not see raey her last name . that is all . thanks .
did not work upon arrival .
understood this to be sugar free jello when i ordered received regular jello , then discovered item was non returnable .
it is small , i ordered size but it fits me like or , is uncomfortable to walk with .
this smell is really old and almost nauseating . i discourage anyone from buying it .
didn't care for this book , returned it right away . saw it on tv , but not what i wanted . easy return
not enough time to search for items and can not expand picture . would not recommend free or not free . delete
wouldnt stick to wall and rip easy
this game is unplayable ! my computer is brand new with an i processorand has a gtx ti graphics card .
it was the right input output but the connecter was too large . bummer ! wish i had known . not for agptek tablets .
looks like a cheap necklace you would find in a kiddie party bag . it's took short for a flapper costume .
dont bother it doesnt work miracles
having trouble adding to the dates . i've signed in meny time but it still will not let me add appointments
like one of the previous reviewers , the plastic buckle broke in about months . the watch strap is cheaply made .
case did not fit phone , would not even close without phone in it . poor case , not as advertised on listing .
does he play beethoven at all ? if you like beethoven piano concerto , please listen to backhaus , schnabel , fischer or perahia !
ten inch lid doesn't fit a pot with a ten inch opening . engineer designer must have skipped that math course .
another unoriginal piece of crap that i regret paying . to watch . could have been sooo much better ! beyond disappointed !
phone case too hard . scratches your ear not happy with it !
total signal loss this device does not work at all looks great but does not provide coverage at all . bogus . not good
these cords will not charge my iphone s or ipad .
was nice but a bit small it didnt fit the way i thought it would it was not flexiable enough
i wasted hours of my live . if i could i would not give it any stars .
my husband and i have yet to hear our baby's heartbeat with this device . save your money !
it is very weird . does not work very well . it is annoying . my child does not want to play it .
it doesn't work as advertised . beware when thinking of purchasing this item .
you can buy it for at the sony music store linked from the band's website .
no everything is broken
this was listed under ray lynch's albums , but there is no music fromray lynch !
this book was not what i wanted . i thought it was a book about the aspects of the paulownia tree .
i am very disappointed , it is a waste of money !
did not really see any real effect . will not rec . this product to othersthank you very much . not satisfied
i didn't get past the first few minutes and turned it off . really awful in my humble opinion . stinks bad .
never did work .
loved this sweater and even cuter in person . however , its a tighter fit so recommend you order a size larger .
could not read . print too small . should not have been sold as a kindle book . what a waste of money !
i swapped an antenna original d link and by the gain was very small . not worth it .
didin't work even had it installed professionally and the guy said it was junk to begin with . sold the system
not what i expected and was not very satisfied with the music because it does not sound like the actors .
not worth buying missing tracks and it is the ones you want to listen too . extremly disapointed
one flip and it broke . dont bother . end of review . end of review end of review . end of review . end
a stiff credit card just as good
broke after using twice , horrible quality . don't buy . pure waste of money
not free . must pay fee to use texting . sending it back . no way to get my money back ? probably not .
did not like the style of this author . was bored with this book .
did not do anything and you cannot return it because it is toxic . do not buy .
amazon team , for second or third time . the movie did not play ! i would like my money back . thank you
too small
used it on my phone and getting scratches easily . not worth it . looked good initially but not worth it .
trash with no redeeming value . sad that we've made these folks and the kardashians celebrities because of bad , crass behavior .
no plumping it just burnt my lips . not worth it . have to live with thin lips . don't waist your money .
does not stick on the windshielddo not buy this itemdo not buy this itemnot worth the price
i didn't like this as it doesn't work well cleaning my stamps . the quality is poor . not worth the money
lousy fit in air cleaner box . also didn't realize it was a dry filter . wished it was the pro .
not what i expected , but still useful a little , the questions are multiple choice , are of some very dumb choices .
this cd was not helpful for organizing an outline .
it was not fun entertianing st all would not recomend it to anyone it was worth the money for free
is to big and simple , is not what i weiting for , and is to biglooks diferet in the picture .
when learning abou the internet , years is way too old and this book was written in . waste of money .
this cable worked fine for about two weeks . it has since been unable to charge my phone
wasn't as big as pictured . used for school fun day and pins kept falling over . got thrown away after event .
this was a waste of money , plug in the back was misaligned worried about breaking the plug or the cradle
so slick , it was a no go ! returned it quickly for a samsung bumper cover ! aces !
unfortunately doesn't work for the samsung galaxy s . will have to uninstall sorry . i appreciate the minimal permission rights though .
maybe star is the . best
pretty anklet . it broke off quickly though , she said she didn't feel any pressure it was just on the floor .
screws come loose , the metal bends easily . these words to fill space . these words to fill space . these words to fill space .
the necklace was very cute . my daughter loved it , but the necklace broke the first day . it's cute , but broken .
for the price , didn't expect much . got even less . tablet is incredibly incredibly slow in all ways .
another magazine that cannot be viewed unless you have subscription but advertised as free . do not understand why that is .
i haven't received this item as yet please tell me when is the arriving date i would appreciate it thanks
it wont keep a charge wasted my money . do not do the same . very unhappy with it . do not buy
i ordered this without reading the ratings and it is different from the normal product i usually get . don't buy
didn't realize that songs weren't going to be performed by the original artists . i should have read these reviews first !
poor fit .
to small doesn't fit at all , and the way its stitched is just crooked . so i just didn't like it
power button is broken right out of the box . will be returning this for a refund , not a replacement .
i receveid this product , but the bettery was old . i need buy new battery for start use that . . .
has preservatives and some sickening sweetener , and this is supposed to be a top ratedhealth product ?
it chips right away this is a terrible nail polish dont buy it
waste of money . the taste is awful . i mix it with reg oi just to get rid of it . not my best choice .
i bought a half size up hoping to get the width still too narrow and too long .
russert's writing ability is actually worse than his poor interviewing skills . save your money .
bad advertising . ambler only wrote the introduction . so angry i still haven't read the book . may never do . bad advertising .
i decorated my cell phone case with studs , spikes , diamonds , and pearls . my spikes fell off so fast . it's kinda rubbery !
donot like this product at all this is the worse case i ever bought no no no will not recomend
i was not happy with this product , ad said battery was new , it did not work . should have known better .
too many fibers come off just from handling the roll . definitely not as soft as other brands like charmin .
this cd is backgrdound musak best served in an indian restaurant as one reviewer has appropriately noted !
i bought this for my daughter . she was not pleased with the ease of use .
i was disappointed there was not a list of song titles . i was hoping to hear a song i recognized .
fast reading and suspenseful but not a book i would highly recommend .
never received , i am not impressed at all . i hope someday i see the case . please let me know , thanks
one star because there is nothing lower . may the lord have mercy on the writers !
you want us to pay how much for an upgrade to our character ? bucks ? really ? permissions are also sketchy
it was great when i used it at first but , then when i went back on it it wouldn't work !
just agreeing with previous reviews . the letters fall off so don't bother buying this .
less than pages of average information in a page book . go figure .
no es bueno hacerse expectativas , pero de coelho esperaba una historia algo m aacute s profunda . no lo volver iacute a a leer . saludos
it took so long that i finished my class before i used it at all .
the product failed in just week . i would seek a different source for this product . look elsewhere . thanks bob
normally this size will fit but it did not , the size run very smalli am very . disappointed with this purchase
this needed to cost . why does it cost more i want it to cost like that soo yeah ye
i have a question when you buy it it only comes with ? cuz in confused only serious answers pelease !
very , very cheap material , arrived ruined . unfortunately i sent it back . i suggest another brand . asics is good for sneakers . only . probably
don't get the substitue , buy the original canon battery . this lasted through only recharges . next time i will know .
no results after using for three months .
cheap and flimsy . it did not do much other than waste my time and money . so save your cash , period .
meh .
not worth my timegave it to the library book fair after chapter sorry i don't give up easily !
cannot get the video to play . i get to the main page and then nothing happens . therefore , i cannot recommend .
the second week it sprang leaks along the hose itself . disappointing .
after about months , it died . given , it's a adapter . while it worked , worked great sound transmitted , etc .
we are currently trying the conversion for the zone that the dvd is viewed in .
not my cup of tea at all , and as i thought it would be but hey that's just my opinion
doesn't make sence
the shoes hurt when i wear them . very nice shoes , totally my style . wish they fit me better . next time !
after i downloaded it , it got flagged by my virus scan , so i deleted it without even trying it out
hands barely moved when i pulled out the stem and tried to set the time . returned to amazon for credit .
too complicated to use . i'm still trying to figure out how to program it . i like simple , uncomplicated equipment .
colors fade at the bottom , very bad quality ! did not meet my expectations at all ! my daughter felt very dissappointed !
no one should ever play this game and that is just my opinion for all of you people out there .
there are no caps for the easy release plug and it blows out other then that they are really good
pass pass ! stupid plot , horrible acting don't be fooled by the big names and just plain corney . save your money !
video looks like 's era mm film that got wet . low light footage even worse .
app always shuts down after opening and picture showing up . doesn't work for more than minutes at a time .
the back does not fit my phone , it seems a little warped . the battery is ok , no problem with it .
the actors are good but the story is boring . i gave up on this after episode one . more words
lets just say that it was a wonderful exercise in unintentional hilarity . i mean , honestly , synagogue of satan ? what rubbish !
i hate it . . i wish i could give it a half star this was the worst one i ever brought
jjfffddddddddxghvg . vhvg ggggg gggg gggcyg yggdrasil gtggugh uh uh uh uh uuh hub uub hubby uuhv uh uh uh uhbn
lousy dad tries to make good with x and daughter after years of neglect because he is dying . don't bother
did not receive ! need to follow up with usps as they show it was delivered promptly !
i ordered this shirt way too big ! of course my fault , but waytoo big for my yr old grandson !
i love james franco , but who thought this was a good idea ? spring break . fo eva . spring break . fo eva
of coarse as the first , hard to duplicate the first and this did not come close . hard to even chuckle .
compared to other bath bombs such as those made by lush these aren't as good . the fragrances are just okay .
i didn't like it very much . i like bloop the poop better . by sam age by gagang grandma the end
do not buy this shoes for everyday use . in less than three months this shoes literally fell apart . pictures available .
chinese crap and this probably belongs in a . coin operated dispenser . don't waste your money and find something else
sent me wrong size cap
beware ! this is not the english progrock band called camel . note the band title on the cd is the camel . major difference .
not what i expected . too weird , unrealistic and quite depressing to see how relationship drama has changed over the years . no thanks .
way smaller than i expected . don't like it . great for a small girl .
no support whatsoever . they are awful . i don't see how anyone can walk in these , let alone run . bad shoe .
book cannot be evaluated since i have not read it .
this product is awful . it took me orders to finally get a battery that worked . don't waste your money
do not waste money in my humble opinion .
this product can cause severe burns to the area it is applied . so use extreme caution when using this product .
no calligraphy in it at all very disappointed in this buy . just a bunch a lil birds . . . .
love the character and family and writings . this short story was over before you even became part of the book .
this product is too short . they make a longer one .
i don't care for his performance of more contemporary music , i don't think he does either . thats just me .
i think the book is over priced . i expected more recipes . i am returning it .
split apart within two weeks .
love this phone case it awesome
broke before it was even used
its not great it turnd my hand pink and faded on to the white . i rate this producted a
portion of the handle broke in the st week . did not have a heavy load at the time .
. for a nail with a handle on the end ? must be a mistake here somewhere .
not what i expected i don't like it all the product is not what i thought it would be sorry
i have no idea what this cable fits , but it isn't a chrysler mini van .
big disappointment ! most german quotations were wrong , what a shame . not a historicalromance but a thriller ? utterly , disgustingly bad .
quite small for the price . not a good value . balls are extremely small . not recommended for a pond at all .
only lasted months maybe , with only use being work commute . i will never buy another griffin product ever again .
if needed for short use it's fine , will not last for long if used everyday . poor quality .
very poor quality and one of the cartridge was broken and i have to trash it . junk very poor quality .
it looks like crap it dont look like whats in the picture . i cant stand when they show false info .
i didn't get the results that i expected that why i am returing .
folds away nicely and sturdy . arrived on time . too low to use comfortably , but we are taller than average . returning .
maptech is a better quick reference guide and more useful for navigation
purple is my favorite color . this was ok but not as pretty as it was pictured online . thanks very much .
shoddy packaging , previously opened missing pieces , every flashlight broke within three days a total total disgrace
this product did not fit and so i will have to buy another one . i do not recommend this product .
this case is not of the best quality . made of flimsy materials . the magnetic closure does not stay closed securely .
they seem cheap and low quality . i expected from from this brand . not as good as it looks friends . .
this did absolutely nothing for me .
the game is over rated .
only one bell , does not ring how you ring it . don't waste your time downloading this app . it is generic .
love the shoes , but order a size bigger than you normally wear or they don't fit . this really disappointed me .
this show's plot is often absurd and the actors are mediocre at best . there hasto be better television than this .
this man never played football and pretends to know what he's talking about . waste of money , don't buy !
this made my legs all bumpy after epillating . it broke the hair instead of plucking it snd caused ingrown hairs .
most of the acting by the young actors was pretty terrible and the script needed a whole lot more direction .
falls apart very quickly . the threading tore and the flap broke off within less than weeks of having it .
cheaply made , but you get what you pay for . used it for a week and tossed it in the garbage .
had to return for not working . return process was very smooth , bought one at home depot more words required
brutal acting desparate direction lighting drastic very canadian dull , found it hard to stay awake .
es muy lento , se friza y calienta , ademas no trae hansfree
crappy product broke down in a week . i'll just wait for a revision or until more software is available . tes
i . m sorry , but it was a waste of time . i'm sorry i spent the time watching it . watch something else .
you need more than dirty words to make a comedy . this is just letter words and bad acting . trash
okay but not up to tim dorsey's best serge storms .
when i first received this i thought they were great , but they clog easily , the sprayer is not great quality .
wanted them in pink not clear .
definitely a waste of money and majority of pages missing . very unhappy with purchase .
too expensive for a very average product and the cap design makes it hard to screw on . disappointing for jafra .
not a very good remix . doesnt include the full vocals of the song . try one of the other mixes on the ep .
the drive was fine for three months and then crashed . i lost a lot of itunes music .
the balls were the correct size , but very flimsy merchandise , so i decided to return mine for a complete refund .
i planted the seeds when it arrived , it has not grown as of this writing !
i ordered this for my suzuki grand and did not fix the clip
poor quality . very disappointed in this product . would not recommended . cheap product . would not recommend to anyone at this time .
after hours of trying to get this to work with my wireless modem , i quit . no plug and play here .
awful toy doesnt keep straight , try to buy another toy this one looks terrible . it keeps falling with the kid
the connectors are such poor quality . this cord only lasted about days before i had to order another one .
this app is junk . it's not worth . at all . it's . not what i thought it would be ! . no star for this app !
this dvd was only about . minutes long ! a real ripoff ! what a lousy treatment of a world class subject !
didn't like it because it hurt my sons' legs instead of soothing them might not hurt someone else . good luck
i only received each and the chrome clip is actually black plastic . you get what you pay for . beware !
i had the same problem with the transformer overheating and melting on different units !
the description was incorrect . the radio is not a digital setting . it is a rotary dial . so we returned it .
product seams ripped open after only a week of using .
stupid plot
was not what i was expecting and is a piece of crap .
so small
this product has a terrible smell and it made my hair dull .
very small for one person . no way two people will fit . sent back , kinda of a hassle with a bathtub .
the shirt was very thin and looked liked it had been worn and washed several times before i received it .
imposter , and totally fake . it is a shame that he is allowed to continue publishing one fake after another .
does not work o stars . it will not charge an iphone waited i month to get it , find somthing different
missing center league logo piece . also seems the opposite of new . would not buy again or recommend to anyone . gg
i just received mine today and it's not working !
this book stinks . it's so short and , the noon is not funny at all . he just looks very funny . berp
the charging case stopped working a month after i bought it . useless !
virtually useless as a transmitter at least in our heavy suburban area . really not much more to say than that .
not a great story or storytelling . pick up a novel by david lodge if you need a good read .
i did not care for the plot . too weepy . i could not get into the story line . not my speed .
nothing to write . it was stupid and not very factual .
it worked great for about months , then it flooded our back yard . the body leaked like a sieve , irreparable .
this product is cheap and useless . save your money !
does not grind salt . at all . turn , turn , turn nothing happens .
i am very disappointed , the battery does not hold a charge as long as a new one should .
the game has no color and no sound . would not recommend to a friend or anyone . very disappointed with purchase .
my dragon wouldn't go near them , they really are huge and black ugh . prefers freeze dried flukers and loves grasshoppers
i purchased these gorgeous earrings for my sisters wedding . unfortunately they were so heavy my ear could not hold them .
very bad product , bad .
a game for all ages to enjoy if you like planes .
it is not white lady , it isa light ash blonde toner a blonde shade was not what i wanted or expected .
it broke almost immediately . not a huge deal cause it was so cheap , but buy a few of them eh ?
it was really short . wouldn't recommend . i was looking for a long book but this didn't fit the bill . sorry
the most boring book yet . expected so much more . nothing was interesting about this book . it started when it ended .
my only problem with this is that i strongly prefer just plain sandalwood without the jojoba oil .
i thought i should have returned these as soon as i saw them , sort of a silly idea . might yet .
my grandchild enjoyed it , but the doors kept falling off .
very cheap material , it did not fit the phone i ordered it for . i would not recomend trying this one .
disappointed , would not connect to my android tablet but will consider ordering a different onemabe a different brand soom
very pretty but it did not fit my tablet it was too large had to send it back to seller
cheap !
ok so this was super cheaply made and it was tangled and in the garbage within an hour ! dont bother
iam not impress with this product because when i use it there is something burning . so i don't like it .
very hard on batterys and hard to find golf course
thought i was getting a much bigger size . just added on to meet free shipping . way overpriced . ab a
lack of drawings and diagrams in kindle book made it practically useless reading , as mentioned in previous revue . . .
i got it months after purchased it , then the button panel came off hours later and broke shocked me
these lens are cheap junk , not useful at all !
this brac looks pretty but it was very itchy , strap broke after minutes of wear . money down the drain .
awesome read . just as good as his first book . so many things we can all relate to . good summer read
i wantd a warmer jacket for the winter months . this jacket as not a winter jacket also much too large
it was ridiculously small . only kept it for the contents which were normal size . disappointed overall . wouldn't recommend to anyone .
piece of junk . my mbps service drops to approximately . mbps when run through this router . do not purchase .
does not have enough resolution for my intended use . close up image is quite blurry . can not recommend this product .
when i received this item it was already expired .
these molds are working ok , of course i need to work on my technique i will likley try this again .
pathetic quality . don't waste your time on this one . just goes to show anyone can publish a book these days .
if you want to learn asp . net , this book is not the one . all it does is talk .
it wasn't like real soccer you i don't like it
waste of money .
not what i thought it was going to be . the names were very repetitive and didn't offer much variation .
does not fit right . the white part looks dirty . will never order without looking and trying it out forst hand .
it did not work when i got it ! we definitely do not recommend ! huge waste of money ! do not buy
it did not fit me honda civic . they looked good but did not work . it was not worth returning .
it fits very loose in the ipad and when it is open it gets in the way of the camera .
i did not receive the car charges , instead of car charges i received a home charges
i don't like that u can't skip if u don't know it and u have to use too many coins
it lifted the paint underneath when removed . very disappointing ! will never buy again .
poorly written , sub anne rice dog turd . please don't make the mistake of stepping in it .
mine didn't . ignores in . save your money . could have put a board in cage and got more response . forget it .
go for a bigger size for less .
this must be a fake product because they refuse to ship anywhere in the usa .
didn't fit my vw , it doesn't swivel to make room for things to move around . awkward design , not recommended !
not enough info on the nutrients . no carb calorie info , this is frustrating because my we are glucose intolerent with diabetes .
disappointing that we couldn't get it to work on our computer . must be an old version or something ? too bad !
i've only had the iphone case for a few weeks and the graphic is coming off design is coming off
i ordered this and never recieved it . can't review what you do not have . watch out for daily deals .
this book was terrible did not help at all and was a waste of money . don't waste your time money
wrong picture for the item . well , the brush works , but not the item i expected . brush itself is quite stiff .
not that is is horrible , but the flexing is offputting . i would save my pennies and get the stainless one .
don't buy it ! . don't waste your money , it will annoyed your neighbors more than cats , raccoons , dogs or any critters
stop working in weeks . never will buy a pyle again in my life the clock wouldn't stay set
this story was very discussingthe author has a mental problemsthe devil will be with youcutting out tongue , eyes and limbsevil
does . not cover whole head , sheds alot , but does blend welll with my hair personally sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty
my other version was usable for years . when it quit , i thought i d be able to use this . no such luck .
brand new plug it in and it doesn't work at all not even turned a light on ! ! ! !
i admit it , i thought it was a standard mechanism with no lock . still need to return it . blah blah .
i made a mistake ordering it , the feather duster head is too small , and the pole is not adequatelly rigid .
i thought it should have more detail and information . quick intro . it could have just an article and not a book .
when my phone is plugged into this charger , it is silent . when i unplug it , it makes sound . but it charges .
item was somewhat curved so i could not use it as intended . for a chess board it should lay flat .
the book drags on and seems more interested in providing a tourist guide of the area rather than a plot .
i do not believe this was ever delivered . i recall purchasing it but do not recall receiving it ?
i normally love trans siberian orchestra , but this one was so chaotic and unexpected that i regretted my purchase . sorry !
no it didnt i got . it in the mail . and . the screen . was . cracked in half . if . i knew how to send it back i would .
it was a rather slow film but with vince playing his standard witty character it had its laughable moments .
doesn't let me play
not my favorite . to me they are dry . i am just not a fan of the vitaliciousvitamuffin vita tops .
super weak . had to triple the bags just to hold a half portion of garbage . would not recommend for kitchen trash .
was very disappointed in this purchase . was made of cheap plastic . regretted buying as a gift . would not reccomend this item
charger worked great , seemed to charge surprisingly fast . but the case broke after days of use . item was returned .
goth metal sucks , goth people are crazy , what a lousy album . yeah no talent here . him sucks .
it seems he turned out to be a little tart having multiple laisons . british made to look silly . bad choice .
the print was too small to comfortably read , and i was unable to change the font size by my kindle .
my cuticles are still dried out and i still have hang nails . i am not very happy what this products .
not a good product . if you're updating your bedroom , don't bother with this dud . it was meant for another time .
it crashes my new macbook so much it is not useable . this the worst experience ive had with microsoft word .
the thing is a bit too bit for a charm and could be perceived as a sex charm by accident .
dear sirsi did not received yet french ii rd editiontus delivery is very late . michael malogolowkin
battery cavity opens , and is a choking hazard ! do not buy !
not user friendly , unable to do what i needed
i have another laloop that i like much better this one seemed cheap i do not wear it at all .
shoes were too small and laces would not stay tied .
i'm very disappointed because it is a knock off , and very disappointed with the sellers return policy .
mag has gone dry over the years , too many ads , and stories seem too long , need to cnx my sub
picture shows grey , i got brown
it is good but it is has very poor quality and is not as fun as playing the real drums
the reviews way over rated the integrity of the plot . sweeping up glass by carolyn walls is much more interesting .
this product did not work even after hours , at my expense , on the telephone . it also corrupted my computer .
very bad quality for this product . the exterior cover is tacky and the screen protector useles . stay away from this .
item came damaged . seal was broken . could not use . waste of money .
book is a story with akward dialogues . best give practical and useful examples with conclusions than tell fastidious blablablah . spent my money .
anyone can get one of these free right from epipen . just saying . comes in the mail and away you go !
the cable did not last it broke like with in a week . i guess you get what you pay for .
one of the weirdest books i've read . it's very confusing and it's hard to really understand everything that's going on .
there is supposedly an upgrade available for the game but there is nothing to click on to get the upgrade .
it's not working . don't buy this product like looks as good watch but not i got broken . . .
open to read start of book did not like the language so did not read would not recommend this book
i could always count on bruce willis movies being good . what happened here ? awful movie ! are you listening , bruce ? now i can't .
i have android products and this thing does not charge any of them
planted seeds the day i got them it's been three weeks and nothing yet .
the bands were pink , not rainbow colors . there were no blue bands the picture was not an accurate representation .
i do not recommend purchase it because it is very badsuddenly disrupted and no longer worksi am very disappointed
audio on left speaker stopped working in less than days , one workout in . choose something else .
didn't like the app because it sucks . i don't like it . stupid stupid stupid . it's so styled i don't like it .
did not fit as expected . fast shipping . great quality
the chemical smell of this was so strong . we immediately threw it out . i do not recommend this for kids .
the writing and the theme is geared to a young audience . i would not recommend it for adults at all .
would not recommendcrude manufacturethese were very cheapyou get what you pay for more words required ok
do not buy this its not sized correctly and it doesn't work ! don't buy this shop around or go without .
this story was very medium and very boring . thanks for making me read it , kindle ! the story had no storyline .
i needed this text book for a college course . i found that it is very outdated , and not very useful ,
not very strong fan . if left on for too long it freezes up . the diff lights are really nice .
i ordered a size that i already own but different style and they are about a full size too small
worked great when i got it but you get what you pay for . and this is a cheap piece of ,
don't order these tools . the price is cheap and the tools are cheap . too thick and a pain to sharpen .
leaking in the first joint , but a little tape fixed it . you get what you paid for !
don't order sizes are made to fit a person who wears a med . to large . don't buy if you have breast
nice but it broke after about month please send a replacement will send broken one back ! good color though
this game does not work at all with the windows . i did not see that anywhere in the description .
i wish i could give this stars , after first use the unit will no longer power up .
top fits great , i will be able to wear it this summer . i'm not fatty but those bottoms are to small .
very small buds
the movie only played min and wouldnt play anymore wasent happy with the movie at all . thanks jana adams
i just need to go to the gym for more structure
the only one that worked we went through batteries a day and half the time it didn't work . bad
although i'm very cold blooded , these were even too hot for me ! maybe they will be handy during the winter .
overpowering scent . unpleasant . will not purchase again as i prefer a more subtle scented soap . a few bars were acceptable .
there is a reason this thing is so cheap . dont fall into the same trap i did .
i love sylvia , but i found this to be a waste of my money .
was very disappointed ! too small for my husband ! will not use ! still in bag ! decepted by the ad displayed ! done
i thought the material was the same as the cw xprice is good for the producti would not recommend
not a complete story !
the jewels fell of and it snaps as soon as it hits a hard surface . don't waste your money . ugh
i almost peeled in my pants it was really funny so funny my side started to hurt really bad bad
smudged base nail polish and didnt give that matte look . . . . . . . . . . .
this was horrible time consuming mess . will never use again ! will be asking for my money back on this app .
i did not want this and bought it by mistake . can you let me know how i can return it .
whenever i turn nh kindle on , slacker is open even if i didn't leave it on . its a prototype hal .
will not work with dell printer . a waste of hard earned money . will stick with dell products in the future .
what a disappointment after seeing the other seasons . some good spots , but downhill otherwise . acting still good , but story line weak .
buyer beware . these are re makes . if you're looking for original recordings please do your homework before buying . save your money .
this movie was terrible . maybe i wasn't in the right mood for stupid . to each their own . happy movie watching
it did not let the liquid flow properly . it would get smushed in the cup . i had to return it
again peter straub has disappointed me . the book was too many descriptive words and not enough meat of the story .
it was old and sticky . couldn't wear because it also had a old smell didn't want the hassle of returning
wouldn't open
case won't stay closed . card pockets coming apart . case isn't very good to use daily . looks nice just not sturdy .
not as easy as it looks and time consuming trying to work with them . personally , i thought they were horrible .
i thought the hat would be yellow but it's green but besides that its very thin and cheaply made !
worked great for weeks . then failed .
piece of junk . made of weak material and doesn't fit any of my three bikes ! do not buy this junk .
from the pic , i thought it would be bigger , its too small to read unless your standing right beside it
did not work at all and it doesn't e db even deserve one star
do not remember watching this movie ! i love wahlberg and crowe so how could i have fallen asleep ? maybe i didn't ?
this light is not bright enough to illuminate anything . and it doesn't work consistently . i'm extremely disappointed with it .
warning toy is cute , but found at other places lots cheaper . not as much fun as other lps toys .
does not snap at the bottomwill not place orders anymore very bad product that does not work well at all
this radio isn't very great . i don't know how to open the door to the mp compartment . this radio stinks .
bad qualityfell apart very quickly not worth what i paid for it . i'll try a different brand next time
i found it too irritating and gave me dozen little whiteheads . don't use of you have acne prone skin .
waste of money . it turned my finger green after having it for days .
the bibs are fine except that of tore during the first washing . i would not order these again .
not easy and i had to return it .
it was disappointing to fine out the first part of the book did not really appen as the author indicated
why do i have to rate the game in other to get clue within minute of downloading game . uninstalled immediately
great to have you can read it over and over again enjoy as the first each time you've read it
love the look of the case , it's just a case , nothing special . problem is , it doesn't fit well , not flush .
thought it would have more coverage over my device . can't even use it bc my screen might shatter if dropped .
the audible companion runs through words faster than your kindle can change pages . it's hardly , and there's no organisation .
pretty bad quality
they broke after days
absolute garbage !
i would have purchased several more if the legs werent built for skinny mini legs . very disappointed about this purchase
it was glued on by the the time i got it was peeling off !
was disappointed in how the book came to a sudden stop . she could have continued with how he became amish
the app either doesn't load and or freezes . very unfortunate , because when it does load it has beautiful pictures and prayers .
it's not dried mango with chili , it's like , candied and tastes like chemicals . really disappointing . kind of tastes like soap .
cracked easily and was really flimsy . it did the job of protecting the outside but did not last very long .
the quality of the comforter was sleazy . i would not recommend it to others .
for a dvd the visual clarity was sheer garbage ! i have old vcr tapes that are clearer then this movie !
was a disappointment , mediocre acting , script build around the usual stereotyping , what a pity , could have been done much better
i will go back to nair . it just didn't remove the hair on my upper lip like nair does . disappointed .
the present is present now ! but is to knew almost of all men . it is a very little to learn from the book .
did not work out like i expected , could not connect to television . real dissapointment do not recomend this item , bad
too much work to finally get to the recipies , too many stories , a recipe book should be primarily about recipies
i neber recieved this item and it was for my daughters birthday i thought i did but realized i didnt
i was surprised by how large they are i bought them for a child along with a child's costume , disappointed
the measure in the width of the jeans is too small . the lengh is ok . and the appearance too . thanks
i don't usually rate books of this nature this low but it was really boring compared to other similar books .
i ordered of these with high hopes . but instead got a little red necklace from china . total s worth cents . real bummer
these bibb jeans large fits a kids not a adult ! too too small i'm extremely unhappy an spent forty dollars
when fully zoomed on my mm lens , the hood can be seen in the image . haven't used it since .
this is about as supportive as a nylon stocking . can't wait to spend more money shipping this thing back .
good if you are trapped traveling on an airplane with nothing else to do . small graphics which are very basic .
does not do the job , only kept the liquid cool for a brief time longer . i might try the stainless steel
this was the most horrible book i have ever read . i did not find the characters interesting at all ! lame !
not even good trash . it starts with promise but very quickly goes downhill . sorry i bought it . a true waste .
i wanted this item but when it come the size was to small . i wish the had it my size
you can find the same exact product at various hardware stores , etc . for half the price and no shipping .
this simply blows air . nothing else . use the to have your camera professionally cleaned .
after the lovely quot sunrise , quot the album descends into a morass of slow , doddering songs without any hint of charm .
wont even kill a fly . save your money !
it is not true to size and the fabric is too thin . does not sit well at all . i cannot reccommend it .
disappointing as it was a great electric kettle . but not it's developed a leak and will need to be replaced .
put it on harmony and seem there is a space between battery and remote . however , i might overlook the description
not her best work . slow , not funny , just like someone esle wrote it . and i've read them all
i received a case for an iphone not a
still have to boil in the water , messy , sticky , annoying . so not recommend this product to any one , ever . lame .
this iphone case is just ok . had worse but for much cheaper . not worth for . would pay . .
the low rise collection is too tight and it is just not functional at all . the purchase was a mistake .
i ordered size larger than what i normally wear and this shoe leaves no run for long runs , disappointed .
the lighter broke after the first day of using it out of would not eat . or would they
mine worked only days . it's a bad product . not recommended do not buy it . it does not work . bad
like what it says above , worthless . do not buy .
battery sucks , radio doesn't function . what a piece of garbagego for the st gen unit insteadsdsds s sd s
bad product . after uses , it won't turn on again . could not find product troubleshoot anywhere . it's not worth it .
product was broken out of the box . had drm
way too easy . needs more challenging levels . really enjoy the one on facebook . this is geared to children , i think .
feels great and look good on . but the size round waist was too small . price was great . would buy another but bigger size .
this is ugly cheap made product ! i would ship it back but it cost to much to do so ! ugly !
broke within a week . falls apart when dropped ! what the flip is the point of the case ? ! do not get !
the ink cartridges spilled out on my hands and my son's and my clothes . however , the print quality is acceptable .
the bumble bee solid white albacore in water , ounce tins pack of mostly looked like the light kind .
would be too hard to follow with such unbelievable foods to eat . i wonder if cavemen did eat all that !
toshiba makes junk ! stay away ! you might as well buy cheap chinese crap on ebay . nothing more to say period .
i am satisfied with the book and it's contents , very informative . it arrived with alacrity and in good condition . thanks .
i've grown many bare root strawberry plants , non of these grew . they seemed dried out when the root got here .
this item only works with thinner batter . the handle also broke rather quickly .
worked once and stopped . terrible ! requested a return and hopefully i get my money back . don't bother purchasing this .
they are not confortable , you get tired easily , it's not about the heel it's that they do not fit properly .
very poorly made not sized properly at all , i felt rather deceived and somewhat frustrated i wasted my money
i do not even remember this movies . i was home sick watching gay romance movies . i wish there were more .
did everything suggested to get this cartridge to work but it never did . so i was very disappointed and sad !
the book was very soiled and looked disgusting . the accompanying cd was missing in the book . i was very disappointed .
battery does not hold a charge and the laptop will not recognize it . very disappointed . will not buy this again .
the descriptions of intimacy were a bit hard to take . now we know not to purchase books by this author .
might be a fun game if the game didn't shut down often . some small images too small to recognize . disappointing .
nunca me llego i never recived it no lo recibi no tuve noticias del producto no puedo decir mas nada
awesome and epic ! i'm glad your christian to i know that because i got this at my church . lol .
game freezes and you have to restart it everytime , would not recommend it , too many gliches , needs to be fixed .
worked well for a while but eventually the material started to peel and come off . would never recommend this item .
director , get another line of work , please . really bad , sorry our american heroes are treated so shabbily by an incompetent .
awful quality ! most of the lashes werent even usable !
this thing snapped in seconds where the clip attaches and my dog wasn't even pulling that hard ! not worth the money !
it was to flimsy . could not get it on
no milligrams listed . only mg ! i threw them in the garbage .
i like this ok . not really what i wanted but will do .
how do you return these things ? i feel it holds a charge maybe hours longer than my other battery .
i could install on a computer with xp but vista business no way . it does not answer support query
the towel was very thin and poor quality . for the price it should have been thicker and a nicer material .
the cable after times using it's not working . the car charger never worked .
it was the wrong size , so are going to pass it along to someone who can use them . thanks anyway , m . v .
st . athanasius said , i believe , that the floor of hell is paved with the heads of bishops .
died after three weeks . i guess you get what you pay for . buyer beware . no more cheap junk for me .
looks super cheap and nothing like what the picture shows . very disappointing . i know you get what you pay for .
broke easy
this book is like a hallmark movieglad it was free at least , pass on this one , better choices out there
dimensional characters . overdone , tabloid popular theme . predictable outcome . yawn .
cost more to ship than item did . never fit quite right , then top piece quit fitting entirely .
very small . probably for a year old . quality is poor too . my nieces only used them once . not recommended
really just a little piece of plastic . i will likely just throw this one away and get a different one . thanks
it works well if you through darts at night if the sun is out forget it . laser needs improvement now
really amazon ? this is possibly one of the most anti semtic pieces of writing available today . i suggest this is removed immediately .
the first half was almost identical to the previous book . i . wish i had not purchased the whole series .
dead on arrival . never moved . seems like total waste of money . didn't pay a lot but didn't expect total loss .
pretty basic kind of book with a lot of well known drills collected under one cover
i never got my cover back i ordered it on nov and today dec i don't have it .
it is very small , the gps does not fit well , it is not the right size and has poor quality .
product is cheap .
installed it , change filter' icon turned off . then days later the 'change filter' icon illuminated . re ordered genuine kenmore filter .
ordered refill that was recomended and it did not fit . waste of money ! will have to get refill somewhere else .
it might work on wooden cork's but it does not work on plastic corks for champagne . waste of money !
bad smell , weird consistency and texture .
it was not a mircle cream nor is it even a good cream i just wasted my money . way over rated
i disliked this book . the style was an affectation and did nothing to enhance the plot or conveyance of emotion .
dr . oz must have been talking about another product . this one doesn't deliver . no change noted in appetite or weight
the large bottle leaked and soaked all the clothes and boxes . never used the product and looking to return it .
silly slapstick , inane . i had expected a lot more from john candy who can be very funny , but was not .
the quality of this item is really bad . if you don't want to waste your money , do not buy it .
poor design does not provide for secure mount . once installed , does not provide for adjustment of viewing angle .
lasted about two weeks . i grip too hard and was looking at the reinforced palm claim . it's way too flimsy .
it worked for like two weeks and then it broke . waste of money and time don't even bother with it !
arrived broken
the cube are too close in colors so the confusion in matching them causes you to lose the game easily .
what a sorry excuse for a father or a human being in general . there is no justification for this .
it was as an ok short story , wasn't really scary , interesting ending though . read this for fun only ! thumbs up
pictures fall out of pockets when you turn the pages
i was very unimpressed with this dvd . kat was not funny at all . he is funnier in movies .
this incense smells more like bleach than rain . i wasted on this , don't buy it . it's not worth it .
it was totally innacurate and does not register bac even after drinking . it is useless . cant rely on it . worthless
it's just too muchi got scared just looking at it and i do enjoy big toysit's not for me
the cable ripped apart after only a few days . the quality is bad . now i need to replace it again !
cannot use filters with this item . it screws into the filter threads required to mount a filter , cannot use it .
interesting story , but was this a 'first draft' ? it was really badly written .
a desperate last chance effort to keep this film franchise going . horrible ! i'm sorry i wasted the time to watch it !
once i had used it for weeks it broke ! don't buy it until it is fixed . they should make it better !
came with licking . one hand wash over sink and it was gone , sent back to usa via friend to repair .
conceal and carry , only if you possess a dilenger . sucks major balls for anything else . way to bulky , find something else .
broke the first i had them on ugh .
cheaply made , very bad quality . dont buy and look for something better . dont buydont buydont buy and dont buy
this bra supports but doesn't separate . the middle part sticks out and you can see it through your shirt .
i had ordered this a while ago and still i am still waiting , says it was shipped but apparently not .
even after you install the quot free quot app , you still have to purchase games . lame trickery . not really a free app at all !
very difficult controls
my favorite part is that she doesn't admit about being in a band called the wildcats when she was young .
really short . like two min . read . i was hoping for at least to fill a couple of hours . cute story .
this has the same flaws as the other beatles book too much information . too much repitition in songs adios adios
i did not see mention of a color , and thought these were white . they are gray .
this fit like a tight shirt . i will not be wearing this on my cruise .
i thought it was religious , but it was not . i found it hard to follow or make sence at all .
i didn't get too much from it . just curious about the vegetarian diet and what they did to stay healthy .
while you think it will be a help , the magnification of stage is not much different that the naked eye .
not happy really narrow and way too small . i would order a size up next time .
the worse game would been better than a worthless memory booster . total waste of the free app of the day .
don't waist your moneyi will never order from you again .
ive tried this on three set of wipers on three different cars and no improvement in fact some are worse
i being using this product for months and won't loose any weight , so i decide to quit using in .
our dog is lbs months old . he chewed right through it in the matter of an hour .
the bottom of bottle was broken . this is the second thing i want to return . and the price is not too cheap .
rcvd black rubber case w pink plastic insert that did not fit phone , didn't realize made in china , shame on me
too much
no instructions
worthless waste of money . needs a bigger battery , and more charge capacity . horrible battery life .
this ad is a fraud . the iphone announcement is neither new nor unlocked . this is a used product and locked . do not buy .
the part of the where you discover your type is missing on my kindle edition . not happy with this purchase .
cute but did not hold up . mattress popped after a couple uses .
lasted two weeks . but cheap .
disappointed won't work on my kindle . i followed all the instructions and will not work . disappointed was looking forward to using .
i thought the ladder was to cheap . we returned it because it was falling apart when we put it together .
the product is good except the belt clip was broken off after a few weeks of use . otherwise , good protection .
it works for the time being but the bases are just lightweight cheap foam , i would not buy it again .
the sizes are not right it was way too small for my dog
the item description was kind of vague , i was not looking for a rain fly . very disappointed with this order
don't waste your . just another gadget that is a good idea , but doesn't hit the mark . sunglasses work better .
didn't fit
i have no clue where the idea for this came from . it is quite strange , i couldn't even finish it .
they rate you it it the dumbest game ever if you want a good game don't get this one lame !
don't waste your money . this is the worst software i've every used . i finally went back to teacher's toolbox . .
short sexual fantasy , okay i guess but i would not recommend it . too far out of the realm of possibilities .
picked this beauty up in a second hand bookshop . the worst book i've ever read . possibly the worst ever written .
it didn'twork . i plugged it into almost every outlet . finally gave up . i am very disappointed , really needed this charger .
jokes are corny , try making jokes about politics and tongue twisters could be harder . but not that bad for amateurs !
get ready to pay extra for all the good stuff . wish i knew would not have bought it .
it wasn't what i expected . it was too small for my phone . it didn't even cover half of the screen .
this product is not the color it advertises . this picture is very misleading it is more like hot lips red .
broke after uses .
when i received it and got it assembled and the motor was bent in side making the blade sit crooked .
my wife and i are handicapped and we have has good openers in the past , but this one was a disappointment .
i didnt order this ! no refund nothing i was ignored and still charged i dont even know what this is .
its cheap barely works but it can be a starter gun for kids interested in sewing or arts and crafts .
the title of the product is miss leading . this is not a paint sprayer , it's a stain sprayer . buyer beware .
this worked one day . disappointed in this item . still debating whether to order another one or not order anything else !
very disappointed looks cheap won't buy again .
have used this cd player for less than months and the cd player function no longer works . cheaply made .
doesn't open lg optimus g . tried it and no success . really i couldn't open this phone with these tools .
its like a picture book for children . if i had known that i wouldnt have ordered it .
unfortunately it does not work with my sony , bose , or ihome systems at all . it may damage your phone also
this game was not a 'hit' w anyone that did it , all of us gave it a shot , sorry .
there is too much material preventing it from rolling properly .
not a white wig and doesn't fit well doesn't look like the elsa hair in the movie .
just . no . breaks your heart into a million little pieces . do not buy this . ever . at all .
inadequate instructions . not intuitive . i spent twenty minutes unable to do anything then deleted it . a total waste of time .
i will never buy one again the fishing pole snapped in half within minutes of using it very disappointed
my android kindle keeps saying error not working every time i try to open it . this makes me very frustrating .
just fine ! pretty color . nice planner , no problem . it's gift for a daughter in law . i don't like these response demands . thanks !
these arrived and they were intentionally faded on the leg fronts . this is not what i wanted . three more words
terrible interface . as best i can tell , you can only roll dice of one color and one type . pretty useless
is not recommended for electric lawn mowers other power tools . need to use a higher gauge extension cord for that .
i really don't see why the rave reviews . i disliked the book and did not finish it .
can not get it to work correctly
bought and it never worked . either it is the battery or the charger , not sure ! can you not test them ?
boring . my child said it was very boring to her . she is eight years old and does not enjoy this .
i purchase this last summer from whole foods market . it was just nasty to me , nothing like yogi tea .
not what i was expecting how can i return it .
wow beyondresident evil are amazingthis game is garbage . so boring not even worth the dollars i spent !
the part did not fit my samsung exhibit g t . the cost to return it was not worth the money .
it runs slow
didnt buy it and this game iss the worst game on planetdont buyybuy fifa i hate thiss thing
certainly not robert munschs best work . hard for a four year old to follow and remain interested in .
worked okay , but now after months , it broke won't work .
in fact the a doesn't work with any but a wired remote but they advertise this anyway . heads up a s
did not like the plot . thought the book was too short . was not as good as the first book . disappointed .
it was kinda cheap . and not really happy with the quality of the item . i will keep it thoughthank you
this thing wont even let me download this darn really really interesting app have on my kindle fire .
bland and boring characters . boring dialogue . boring storyline . but worst of all , it was not at all funny or entertaining .
this book brings into question immoral behavior and is insulting to the thai community and culture .
doesn't work as good as thought it would
don't think this is good more punk than heavy rock , don't waste your money buying this cd
displayed home directory then caused my phone motorola droid razr to reboot when i selected a directory to view . uninstalled .
very long series with little if no change to plot throughout . the entire series could be a two hour movie .
loved it so much it was so awesome can't wait to read more of this author yay yay yay yay
not really liking this product , only order because dr . oz show had it on . to big and no weight loss
lousy construction . fell apart on both sides . don't spend money on this cheap skipper .
sorry i don't think that there is a god my opinion but this good for people that believe . so ya
poor construction , cheap material , i would never recommend this costume . look for something of better quality . don t waste your money .
this story was the worst i've ever read , and i read a lot !
the product never showed up and i was not contacted by the seller , although i did get a timely refund .
skirt always is up and doll's body is so fatty . it's not so porettymy daughter prefers to kidspreffered buttercup
the shoes are for a child but the description says infant which is not accurate , they are way too big
i made it to page when my bordom forced me to find something else to read .
no warmth at all . even in spring . the clip on for safe keeps was the only difference . fits very well .
no inst . did not work . had to order one with wire . not enough information about how to use . waste of money .
very cheaply made and didnt fit right it took forever to get here and u didnt care for it .
interesting to read . full on encouragement . a very very useful book for daily management . basics of life revealed . too good
if i could i would give it no stars . broke in the first minutes of use . don't buy it
the case is not made for a samsung galaxy note tab causemit dont have pen slot and charge slot
runs very small . . and very thin cheap material
there is way to many grammar errors ! i was done when it said harry know how to play kuzoo . really ?
letter formation does not match what is taught in most american schools . doesn't . even have uppercase letters or lined paper .
close but the font on the chest was wrong . every thing else seemed to check out . very convincing attempt though .
i had to return it . had many problems .
what i got is not what i bought . does not work for my humidifier .
i was just unimpressed because tablets don't support microsoft so i cannot use it for my college courses like intended .
bad product . it's bad after maybe days of used . hope the product got better .
not good
they leak after a month .
don't like the way the device slips when in slots to stand slanting vertical horizontal . frustrating ! any suggestions to fix this ?
did not come and it's been a month i can't even get my money back and idk what to do
they sell a keyboard not compatible with the tabletif sold together should know that great detaili need a adapter now
what's eco's problem ? the name of the rose is great , foucault's pendulum is good , everything else is just overwrought chintz .
i broke it putting it on the phone . don't was your time or money . this was just stupid money spent .
my item had a little leak because the thread is cut , but i can wear it . condition is good probably
piece of junk . month after the return period is up and they are broken . what a complete waste of money .
like i think this is just a stuiped game . like i really don't understand why you made this game . sorry
worst wall decal i've ever bought . not even a month and started peeling off . i will not recommend this product .
it is really an ugly wallet . want to return it if possible . do not buy it . nothing else to say .
i already had to use the warranty on this product twice . the left ear bud goes out for some reason .
takes too long by the time you navigate thru the game using fire remote .
this camera is quite heavy comparing with other similar types i had before , kodak by example . i don' like it
it's a horrible quality wig and it came in terrible condition . never buy it .
fast shipping as always from amazon , but just a bad product , couldn't get to work after hours of trying .
quick and interesting . wasn't exactly what i thought but i did enjoy it and felt it shed light on behaviours .
our lhasa apso quickly flipped this bowl off of its holder and created a lake in his crate . not recommended !
i try to open the app , but it just says it has stopped working . please fixon samsung galaxy s
fell apart first day
this didnt even work when plugged in . i did like the way it held my phone but not a working product
. ask for a refund . this book is vacuous .
poor choice of output frequencies . we junked this one and bought a griffin itrip which is a whole lot better .
wasted alot of money on this belt doesn't fit it said it's more like don't waste no money
awful . heated up very quickly and was you hot to even touch . broke right away . worst thing i've ever purchased .
find that we have to reboot too often . not worth the bother or the money ! wouldn't promote this product .
really terrible movie . i really do not like this actor anymore . it seems he can no longer show anything new .
love chris evans but i only have one word for this movie . awful ! wait two words . awful and horrible !
the imaged is flipped and backwards , all the words are backwards and i will not be using this phone case .
yuck ! i trusted the brand new leather seats in my mx to this junk . they're now sticky and shiny . caveat emptor .
lots of leaves , no blossom . miracle grow potting soil , planted in full sun , has good drainage . edges of leaves sweat .
not for a lab !
this is just a paper picture of bamboo behind a piece of glass not what i was expecting at all
this is really garbage . it does not work . i light stay on all the time . it's garbage . do not buy .
this lotion was terrible . it dried out mine paul's wife and my daughter's skin . i would not recommend this to anyone .
unfortunately it was too woody and less patchouli for me . if i purchase again i may be trying the light version
this is not , as in the pictureit's not dari think it's duskybut very light and very large .
useless junk ! broke in one week of use .
super cute but they came off in the pool the very next day . i even used a great top coat
two words don brown . really ? reminds me something . wait another conspiracy theorist ? honestly .
it didn't work so i deleted it . would not refer it to anyone it's crap . just did not work it's crap
batter has no battery life dies of to to quick had to pay for the origianl do not get
is not the same as in the picture
it broke as soon as i put it on ! very cheap , i even had two ordered and both broke .
old edition . info outdated . should have checked pub date . expected tech books be offered only in latest editions . eared money
all of the tea's taste the same not what i expected not a good buy would not buy again !
after three days of ligth use , following the instructions given , it distort ! don ? t buy this thing !
bulbs died within weeks . will never buy these again . better off with regular incandescent or fluorescent mini bulbs .
i had to refund them .
it wouldn't load so didn't get to watch . so was not satisfied with it . wished i could have watched it .
does not fly , regardless hours of adjustment it was a gift for a daughter , rather buy simple chopper at target
i received a thunder shirt but it was not as shown . it's pink and grey and not the rugby style ,
this game is actually pretty fun however , it's also quite frustrating as it has froze on me on every level !
it only lasted for one froth before it quit and replacing the batteries didn't fix it . i wouldn't recommend it .
could not get it to work
this is sitting on my desk waiting for me to have time to return it . it didn't work at all !
there were not dimensions on website , not exactly what i was looking for , but it will do .
item never charged and did not include the card
this is wrong part , photo does not show that does not have jack and description did not described it well
this is a two piece case that clips together , it was constantly falling off of the ipod . it was useless .
venom cock . and actually a third word beastiality .
doesn't work
the fabric wasn't what i expected , its so thin and you can also see whats inside . and it comes larger .
cable did not work with iphone but the plug is great . disappointed .
of all the quot choice of games , quot this is the worst . the begging is slow and the wording is just strange .
cheap antenna . works fine but are very fragile . would recommend getting springs with them or getting a better made antenna
the book is really poorly written and very brief . while formulas exist most of them do not contain any measurments .
there was dried brown stuff on one of the whistles . needless to say , i'm not putting my mouth on there .
waste of money terrible design unusablelast time i will try to buythis type of product sight unseenbad experience
beautiful program if it worked . does not work on the kindle fire for which it was bought . so sad !
i received the product with a release latch broken . the product worked for about weeks , then it just quit .
it ripped while barley putting it over my bed ! its not worth your time or money ! hate this product ugh !
ruler is made very flimsy . hard to use get a good cut with my rotary cutter . don't recommend this product
not as bad as everyone things ? well i thinkkkkkk that this is a joke .
one name dom deluise . if this summation has no significance to you , carry on with watching that wet paint dry .
wath happened with this case do you email . this case because a dont recive ? ? so a dont have any request
gets dirty very quickly . maybe you want to get another color beside white . dirty very quickly . don't get the white
don't bother ! this book is nothing but trite drivel mills and boon wouldn't publish itsorry that i read it
i was really cute but it started leaking air as doon as we blew it up . my grandchild was disappointed .
crapppp
horrible material , and didnt fit
this had does not represent an engineers hat . it is thin and floppy . the picture does not represent the product .
claims to be unique . mostly junk . save your money i need more words to complete this review . blah blah
the material is of poor quality in two weeks and i use this sun bleached . is not good for me . thank you .
i'm not sure today's kids would appreciate the poems language tends to be very archaic .
especially after the software update . . if you already own this unit , don't upgrade the firmware to this version !
i know some people like this soap , and maybe it is a good soap . but to me it smelled weird .
got it to give as a christmas gift and it broke with in the first how of playing with it .
no dts soundtracknon of those trailers it mentions no x nor aragon
this app didn't work . it never ran , it just crashed . i had to uninstall it . good thing it was free .
intended for doctors , not patients hoping answers are coming down the road . very good i'm sure for the intended reader .
i've had better coffee , plus it takes two cups to make it strong enough . i won't buy this company again .
all it is is a thin film to place over the front . not worth the price . dont buy .
i read and followed the instructions but the pump just did not work ! too bad as it does look good . i
recieved to cover my phone . the pink color actually bleeds and ends up all over your face .
i still havent recieved my book , the email i sent was never answered , dont know what to do .
product not as described . not the shake scare but just a stuffed johnny that looked nothing like the picture .
shrank with first cold water wash . also didn't like the way the padded set was seamed in . will not reorder
this multi hub port works on my mainframe but not on my laptop . poor design
cat hates it !
this camera is bad . because this vehicle video p camera are always got crash with hot sunshine at during the day .
i'll just go back to my worthless show with my fat fans
this book was all right . i did not realizei t was a young adult novel . the story was all right .
i never received this item so i can't rate this
great puzzle game . makes me think , but not so hard that i'm not interested in trying to figure it out .
didn't fit , too small , my own fault , should have checked size , need something about two sizes bigger .
no , i feel the ad misrepresented the book . i'd like to return it . it had no useful information for me
i am very disappointed with our phone , the ringer is not loud enough and it is hard to hear on . sorry .
too much detail day by day not a shocker anymore , strike zone is a better book and a better story
this is a terrible product , it will make your tv look bad , just go to get an original sony replacement
disappointed . no scientific teaching . lots of idel chatter
works but the plastic cracked after killing one mouse and it cant be reused
feels like you are going to break the cards when you pull them out of this case . very poorly made .
it really didn't flush me like i expected it to . i wouldn't recommended it time to no one at all .
one punch from my kids year old out of control friend ripped a big hole in it . bummer man !
hooked up projector and didn't work . two separate cables . bought a better quity cable and no problems . cheap not better
it is difficult to obtain the same brewed amount of coffee each operation . then wait minutes before operating again
lasted hour and quit working what a joke .
not the one i usually have . although is cheaper or maybe is cheaper that why is very different . to bad .
kind of not pretty and kind of bigger than size chart and it is not my style for my life
it was ok . it told too much of the previous story . it was not spicy like i thought it would be
this so bad and i'm talking to everybody iexcl ! have fun with thing that does not work tl
definately not for installing and sero . thats what i bought it for . definately reversed , and useless to me . sad .
i received it bent so i returned it . there wasn't another so i'm disappointed !
this is almost a waste as far as a back scracher . it supports the team but doesn't do much else !
they did not include in disciption that it was locked . i can not use it now because of that . sucks
did not work . don't buy .
this was an old production unit . can only set thr year till . other wise it works . a a a
not a good read . has every cliche known to man , no antagonist and is formulaic to boot . save your time and money .
haven't noticed any positive effects whatsoever from using this supplement . in fact i'm feeling rather tense just writing this review !
the item that i have chosen was too small for my foot . i i bought the wrong gender of shoes .
it wouldn't charge the batteries that came with it so i had to go out and by the right kind .
did work as i thought it was intended couldn't gain control of ipod through stereo like it should have done .
overall it is cute but cheaply made jewels started falling off the same day which i wasn't to happy about
don't like it . it is really thin and not soft enough . for yoga , a thicker , non skid towel would be better .
necklace chain broke within a week . bought a new chain and pendant was a totally different color within a month
did not work with kindle fire . mouse worked but no typing . same thing happened with mouse pro . i lost .
after one week of use , for one glove the sewing just started to crack . the second glove after second week .
crashes constantly .
not nearly as good as starbucks . should have bought theirs .
this card i had to send it back it did not fit in my canon camera . it was to big
quality is low . way overpriced . the chain looked like someone attached it to a random charm . i returned the product .
terrible movie with bad acting . i no loner own this gave it away to others who wanted to watch it .
leggings had a whole in back seam after one wear ! they were loose , but quality was very bad .
bought it months ago . havent worn it . it is way thicker then expected and doesnt fit well at all .
too small
it has buttons on the collar which we didn't want ! arrived quickly , just not what we wanted . size was good .
boring !
and this attempt at entertainment is a prime example . learn at my expense and save your own . nuff said .
way too one dimensional for me . i need a little more plot and character development to go with my romantic fiction !
junk ! less then an hour of total usage , item warranty sucks . spend your money on something else .
i bought this as a joke . i can't stand it but thought it would make a hilarious gift .
no return policy , definitely an overpriced item and long mailing time . the item arrived intact and in excellent condition however .
would not recommend this for daily use ! poor performancenot suitable for home care nursestakes to long to read temperatures
gong effects , the asian riff , and stereotypical caricature accents ? this is appalling . amazon , why are you selling this racist trash ?
seems like a great game but after playing only a few levels i cant get back in . what's the deal ?
it wasn't as well made as i had hoped . but a good novelty item for the football fan . just ok
i couldn't even post it on instagram and guess what this is a kindle fire he and it wont post
terrible .
came without pedals , wrong seat post , missing water bottle holder , and missing right hand brake lever ! whats going on amazon
would not open mare than page . too much time spent trying to swipe and move it to next step .
i will not buy another one line goes from top to botton rolling . i will not buy sorry guys . no .
just way to small . i have the older version of the targus bean bag one i like it much better .
breaks easily
slightly stale and taste like inferior digestive biscuits . a royal con and not worth the price . buy mcvities real digestives .
does not play on my machine . it is less than useless to me . not happy . would like my money back .
i would not recommend this product . i had trouble charging my cell phone . it stopped working within the first month .
i see the boys of summer in their ruin .
slow . not all that informative . not worth watching . don't waste your time with this tv show because it is slow .
boring
had to make myself finish this . very few parts made me laugh . and him sitting on birthday cakes while naked . stupid
it says its for the but . i received it and it was for the s ! incorrect ! do not get
did not work . followed the instruction and the pump just never worked . therefore the sprayerdid not work . very disappointing .
i love my old bubble lights , but half of these didn't work out of the box .
it doesnt fit my shape . i dont know how can i return because there wasnt any paper inside the box .
each case i ordered included screen protectors , but did not say so in the ad . a rookie mistake i guess .
this stuff works really good but if you make it yourself is cheaper and better !
i had to delete it from kindle . it kept crashing when i changed colors . i do not recommend it further
i was very disappointed when the book arrived . some of the pages were missing . i will never order books again .
companey bad to deal withon support
purchased this new battery and it does not work . will be returning to the company .
not good not nice not enough big for my first responder jack ! it looks like grandpa s old socks
awful ! i am sending back . the thing was so light and dried out . not worth it . save your money !
reception was terible and was a total waste of time trying to find a place where i could hear it .
did not deflate properly
it only lasted months i do not recomend this cable and i dont really use my touchpad that much
this pack contains only one strainer that will fit into a drain . the other are useless to me .
the large fill cap will not seal tight enough
i don't understand the concept of this item if it doesn't even allow you to keep it in your mouth .
terrible film . one of worst i have tried to watch . only could stomach it for about minutes . don't waste your time
part is incorrect for gh . part is not designed to latch into spool housing for this model .
it was defective . the vendor was very prompt in refunding the money . i highly recommend this vendor .
fits way too small , after one wash looks awful ! it starts cracking and fading . not worth the money . very disappointed .
this doesn't fit in the grocery cart or high chair very well and doesn't have the cushion that baby needs .
did not appear as the pictures . too shiny , not natural looking . not satisfied with the product , will choose other styles .
shoes are just ok ! very lite and was small for the size i bought them for . expenseve for the item quality .
i don't know how to set the puzzles as a wallpaper , but other than that the puzzles are pretty cool .
i returned this item it was to tight .
made cheap , are cheap two broke same day but oh well . never buy these again never never ever ever ever ever never !
the color is really weird , does not work with my light brown hair at all . looks terrible in my hair .
the shirt was advertised as full fit the shirt i received is regular fit never opened package just noticed size
blood trails by sharon sala in my opinion is a five star book . she had suspense , romance , great characters , and a several twists .
this is a god awful boring book and one of the very few books in my life that i didn't finish .
product only secures or pieces of paper . needed all six strip to mount an x card stock sign .
received last year's model instead , which does not have the pivoting arm . poor quality . now have to return and reorder .
not a good jacket even for the mild temps in ga , very cheaply made no lining at all , not worth the money .
bad movie . bad acting . confusing . boring . worth a rental at best .
a wtf kind of movie
impossible to clean and was dirty after a few days . tried bleaching and did not come clean . i would look elsewhere .
it didnt work for me in my car . i could neither charge my iphone nor ipad with itbad luck .
this broke after i used it for a few weeks , it was cheap so i didn't mind it as much .
didn't work on the test drive and it didn't work on my device . never made it past loading the welcome page
loved them taste great
the lamp directions show a screw to hold the lamp together but none was included so it falls apart .
these replacement blades did not fit my ionic turbo pro device and were returned for a refund from amazon .
way too easy . there are too many hints to walk you through the game so there is no challenge .
the hook on the cap is flimsy and the first week we had it the hook broke !
that's it ? what a fun idea with almost no variety . bummer . even my yr old got bored . expansion , please !
the light isn't bright it's dull , i'm not happy with my purchase , i give them away to family friends .
very thin u have to be very delicate when tieing the knot does not seem like it will last long
this isn't the case with tetris on the ipad . not sure why that would be acceptable on the kindle fire .
use it but not sure of what is is doing . i don't feel an advantage of this product . dorry futuro .
i was looking for the domino counter . this was not what i wanted .
unfortuneately , this fm transmitter was not compatiable with my ipod video and i returned it
this will cause ringing in the ears , but it does work . the liquid is so much more better and safer .
wrong drive , should of had much more product information to assist with making the right choice . was easy to return .
the bag came and not only was the bag the wrong bag , but the bag was also the wrong color
they . are hard to put lids on then put in and top don't puncture right the water goes all over
it worked great for the first week then it stated flickering then it went dim . would not recommend very dissapointed
the sizing is off . it was not wide width . the fit was too tight for d width . wrong description given
not a very easy to playno opponents within the first minutestotal lack of control with characters profile
worst cards you'll ever get and no toy or holos
be careful
tried unit within feet of the cable source . it did not deliver a consistent signal and required frequent rebooting
it was a but too much for me that's all . i just thought they were doing too much that's all
i didn't care for this at all . seems cheap to me , and it was very expensive for what you get .
very low quality , started to fall apart after wearing them only times . i would not recommend them to anyone .
i suffer from allergies and really hoped this product would give me some relief . it didn't help me at all .
came to me scratched . bought it again elsewhere . cd is great . won't trust getting cd's through amazon again though .
its was just not what i expected , this ap could have been a lot better . not like the computer one .
this mouse was totally unreliable . half the time , the left click button would not work . avoid at all costs .
love this band but can't believe they could put out sucha lousy sounding record . very disappointed . a definite lackluster performance .
this product was a great one but i already use it up so i oder more of them thank you
unhappy . rec'd hf x instead of what i ordered . bf x . how do i return . do i have to pay return postage .
it was of a bad quality . lost shape in weeks . i liked design . it was large . it soon lost shape .
this is just a collectable , that why i bought it . i wouldn't recommend it for enjoyment .
it's smaller than i expected
no one size fits all , extremely small , so unless you are a minus zero you should order , if not avoid !
a very pretty coffee table book with very little substance , kind of like a dumb supermodel .
this is the lowest quality costume i have ever seen , you would be better off going to walmart .
most of it is copied from betty mahmoody's second book . i was very disappointed , this is a waste of money
made my entire face break out
the product they send is not what they show in the picture not even close . don't recommend anyone get this
too big dig not fit . poor description
i wasn't able to download the app on my tablet .
this is not the application you want at disney . nice if you like looking at a blank screen . not good .
poor story line . poor acting . would not recommend this film to anyone . although , the using of the drugs seemed very real .
i used the ar blue clean pressure washer one time for about minutes then could not get it restarted .
il a un tr egrave s bon mais les morceaux de plastiques ne tiennent pas sur les eacute couteurs .
not very comfortable
it seemed to be a newer remake of the old version . it was fun to watch . liked the new motorcycles
could not get interested in storyline and how it was written . just my opinion . i will pass the book along .
would be a good case but it keeps switching on the silent button . the sides of the case are rubber
not lilac , not for an infant has beads on it , and ugly . the flower is about long . again ugly . t
does not fit my honda pilot eventhough description said it fit for all honda models except s . wrong adverstise .
the book was badly written a joke about the future of the acc . i did not bother finishing it .
stone fell out right away
i brought this because i am a big fan of mon hunt but the shirt is horrible . very poor screening .
i truly dislike this casethe color is not as shownthe phone does not charge with the case on
the book met my expectations , it is a good learning tool and i found it easy to read and apply .
hate it . hard to use . old version better . it makes me mad everything i us it . leave it alone . sucks
seems fun but will not download . bucks wasted . fix the gitch please big fish because i really want to play this !
i've had the case for about a month and it is already falling apart . you get what you pay for .
the main characters become so obnoxious that it is intolerable and i regret wasting time to finish this predictable book
i guess where this comes from means . i guess will have to do until i order more
i played this once . then uninstalled . boring boring boring . did i mention it was boring ? i mean , really . geez , guys .
i tried grilling both steak and chicken with the grill closed . both tasted boiled . a skillet gives much better results .
used for three days , cheap product completly broke and was not usable . would not recommend for any price or use .
this eye lift product did not offer any visible results ! overpriced and worthless . would not recommend this product to anyone .
this sheet should have been water proof . it is not and is already ruined by daily use in patient rooms .
do not waste your money on this book . she will defend a murderer in court for the mighty dollar . what a joke .
l don't sure about this , sorry
not up to standards for the price , nearly . . somebody needs to look at theses models before they ship them .
it is either not a good glue or a old batch , it has no glueing strength of any kind .
not very strong of a fan . bought one of comparable power if not stronger from wal mart . would look elsewhere
cancel it
save your money , this is a waste
the book was just to slow for me . it was just taking to long to get to the good stuff .
this match was used in a baywatch episode and that reason alone it should not be bought .
shoe was too narrow and small , had to return .
wish it had a printed manual with the words spelled . they give syllables backwards , the last syllable before the first ?
it crashes way to much . make the app stronger or something so it doesn't crash . i don't know . fix it . please .
i agree this burns mucosal surfaces , both male and female . ruined our day . do not use !
it really sucks !
didn't count calories at all . the watch is not worth it in my opinion . search for a better product , please .
wouldn't recommend this for bucks , maybe at . skip it . colors are not as deep or vibrant as pictured .
not waterproof
loading sucked and the game was very slow compared to all the othersi have . very disappointed in this one
after one month of modest use , the handle no longer stays down . it seems like a very cheaply made product .
plastic phone case with a kitty sticker on it . cute , but you get what you pay for .
dead in min . sent back for full refund . amazon was quick to take care of me .
pura lata , salio muy costoso para ser tan de mala calidad .
not for me . seems saturated in chemicals or preservatives . i didn't like it . costco philippines brand is x better .
total waste of money ! none of the bags is working ! i wish i could get my money back ! don't buy this product !
does not cover facial hair grey very well last only a few days
some info about the machines , needles , tubes , grips . thats all . nothing about making a tattoo .
i used it times , and then it stopped working . the cable is too heavy to comfortably use with headphones .
hello , i have never received my pistol pete cd that i ordered on january , . when will i receive it ?
too difficult to attach to my ipad screen , to many bubbles was not satisfied with purchase at all . thank ypu
i cannot use this book . i have tried downloading , but i cannot open it . i wanted it for my ebook .
i like this case , but i don't like how thick the plastic is and how easily breakable it is either .
it cost . and you have to sign in ! why cant they make it free ? they make it complicated ! stupid game !
title saysit all no characters , no story , stupid zombie movie after first few minutes . do not waste your time
the plastic screen gums up so fast from being in the oven that it becomes unusable ! good idea , poor product .
i was hoping to find useful tips and techniques , but not here . i found more useful information on the web .
i watched a preview and seriously didn't laugh one time . a little too crude for me and certainly wasn't funny .
the bow fell off minutes after i put the case on my phone . no wonder it's like dollars
scratchi inside under writing on front . lots of tags to cut out or scratch . why put scratchi things on newborns ?
only received one
very good for the several times then the one way valve at the end started to leak . what a pity .
i tried it to see if i really wanted to push it with the kids and found it very boring .
the lamp only worked in the carousel projector for a short period of time , which was less than hrs
looks too cheap to give as agift
operating system update generates the error in blue tooth compatibility . bt not visible . i have to revert the update . george
thick , smells nice . coconuttyyet seems greasy . i think this would work better on someone with really dry hair . not my favorite
the thin section broke in the first few days , luckily i ordered in error .
be specific on the nocks you are setting . these pliers are for small nocks . smashed the larger ones i ordered .
like the game , but one of the grandma's got stuck on level , so i couldn't get past that level .
according to my friend her shoes very comfortable , good prize but is somewhat bigger than my size .
this is the nd one i had to return due to not being able to get it them to connect wirelessly .
disappointed
the audio works but the mic dont
too firm to do much good need a medium . which they don't seem to make . wish for a smaller tip .
i hate it ! came loose !
it worked well while it worked . but after just months it became less effective and has just stopped working .
not much information , magazine is getting thinner every year . not worth the price . what else can be said about it
it is egotistical , sexist , and extremely boring . go ahead . waste your time and your money !
i was sent used one in a bad condition , already poorly assembled . it was going to be a birtday present .
the camera never worked at all . waste of time and money ! i bought to use in rc planes and helicopters .
my wife is taking this product , is not helping her . been taking about one month , would not buy it again
so small and light is not that bright .
i like movies like this , the movie held my interest , but was to far fetched with the equipment they used .
not a fun game not entertaining at all couldn't get through the first level so bored playing this game man .
total garbage . tried new batteries and still dead . i went and bought a regular old mechanical one . save your money , do not buy .
the so called crabmeat is pure mush . i don't think it is really crabmeat . forget about it !
cord was difficult to get into the hdmi slot . cord does not work .
one of the cords only worked days . i'm returning it .
see above ! the spanner does not span the back to enable removing the back ! looks like a major flaw to me !
my adapter was not worth the money . the end that went into the computer pulled off after about a month .
the green one is the turn off and the red one is the turn on . other than that they do work fine
this would have been more helpful if there were pictures of each recipe . creativity would be more inspired with visuals .
unit works but won't shut off and my battery gets very hot and phone turns on and off . samsung s
i found the leather to be not soft , and cardboardy . narrow not medium
light burnt out in less than a week . its not made by timex . a terrible creation from corner to corner .
it's awful ! if i'd seen in person never would have bought it . not worth .
no endearing characters , typical story line . so many other good books out there , skip this one and the whole series ! .
i really did not appreciate the humor , it was not what i remembered humor wise . i did not enjoy it .
very hard to install
what i received is not the product in the picture . is a false image about what i expect . really dissapointed
a dull grey rather than a lavender . and the ruffle is old lady tastic . functional , though . i wish i'd bought something more vibrant .
i could never use it , but it is ok , it was free so i did not lose anything about it
pump action works only half the time . spray is good when i can get the pump to work on the bottle
don't get this if you have the core system . you can't connect via hdmi , unfortunately i didn't know this
is not what the description says at all . it's definitely not comfortable to lay on either . i wouldn't recommend .
fairy failed to fly after crashwas flying nicely then crashed into wall two times and failed to fly ! beware
if you like great performances periodically interrupted by voice overs and cut short then this dvd's for you !
came apart literally on the st use . bristles everywhere . complete waste of a few bucks . save your . . .
absolutely useless for ipad air or any audio functionality . a clear do not buy . deceptive advertising as well . nice packaging , tho .
its ok
an inspiration for many bollywood movies , especially of ramachandra gopal varma . the story of d company of early days !
you get what you pay for . . and free shipping . do not expect much , because you won't get much .
well , i can say nothing about this stuff . it got rusted and i am going to buy a new one .
it does not cover my whole phone screen . i am not satisfied with it . i will not buy it again .
this book wouldn't make anyone laugh even if they were payed to . i am very dissapointed i mean really people huuu .
very disappointed . this is only ' long and looks like something made is shop class . not worth more than .
poor unrealistic character development . lost interest when all the woman could do was swoon over the arrogant harbinger . didn't finish .
we can't figure out how to use it .
item was difficult to adjust for fit , would not maintain a tight fit . poor construction . would not recommend to anyone .
i was really upset when i try to take my baby for a ride a the wheels didn't movereally bad
small , space line to small , cover weak construction , ugly felling material , not worth the cost ! , couldn't be leave
this is far from a christmas story and henry winkler's character was selfish and cruel . do not recommend to anyone .
this is a piece of crap . it worked for two weeks then would not hold a flame . do not buy .
i cant review it because i never got it . its been over a month . stupid amazon
it did not bring the nylon case that i desperately wantedother than that its a great tool to have . !
how is it possible that you can do a strenuous workout and not get credit for it ? it's beyond me !
not regulation blueair , smelled like vinegar
nothing really new here , but good general collection of information . worth the cost . very easy to use at any level .
this item is no cushiony . it feels like you are resting on a wooden pillow .
beautiful flower .
these don't even fit a large women , their size xl mens , that is all i have to say . good by .
made my son cry . why lord why did it exist . jesus h christ . i won't buy anything from him again
it broke .
had no idea how to work this app . should be simple , but it is not . pointless download . uninstalled right away .
the print is definately large but the definitions are very vague . i found myself looking up definitions to the definition .
the light was bright enough but the clip broke in days the spring popped right out very disappointed !
try to save money . didn't work and modem could not carry the power per at t technician . lesson learned .
cuatro obras para voz de cara al sol except for noche cubana by esther borja the rest is wothless
i just wanted an amp for quiet practice at home . i was not expecting such crappy quality .
belt broke after days of wearing it , not good quality . would not recommend this don't waste your money . gramps
it was atrocious . there was no saving grace . i regretted attempting to watch it and turned it off midway through .
this game is frecken awesome and fun when your bored . but the game has girl and boy hair dew version
its mindcraft not minecraft and don't trust guy giving stars he can't spell correctly all i got to say
it failed to give me any signal for digital channels . i want to return the item . it didn't work , g rtttttt
i was disappointed to find these klein tools were not made in usa . just an fyi . not made in usa !
the book's content is fine , but the binding broke after weeks of medium use .
ii order this twice n i couldn't get neither one to work , dont try it waste if time n money
it started slow and continued endlessly . i never really connected with the characters and felt the plot never went anywhere .
this battery held a minute charge , i had to return it . very disappointed .
my shoes came in a little smaller than i thought they would . i ended up selling them to a friend .
broken when i received it . amazon gave me a credit . i am afraid to reorder .
not a good product what more can i say what more can i say your asking for to much info
st book was original funny . this was a weak sequel .
it sounded bad . i bought one made by monster . the thing made a lot of racket in the tape player .
i use this conditioner , but was not impressed w the shampoo . i kiehl's shampoo , it is cheaper and loads better !
storyline ok , but lacked the oomph and liust she usually writes
no discernible manufacturer visible to look for help , just a cheap asian nock off that did not work worth crap
the wig looks absolutely nothing like it does in the picture . i personally do not recommend ever buying this product .
this cable does not work with the kindle fire . if you are looking for a kindle cable , look else where .
same as other games . nothing special about it . its for my kid and only she likes it . its a repeted game
the stand broke as soon as i opened it . i wish i knew where and how to send it back .
i just cannot get into this book as of yet . maybe one day i will be ready to read it .
i have made my order with the company abacus . i ordered on sunday , and now on wednesday the order is cancelled .
this book was a real let down . it was boring and the endings were a not very well written .
didn t work well . only printed sheets of paper , then stated reading ink catages not registering on my printer . never again .
wherever they burn books , in the end will also burn human beings . heinrich heine
almost gave up on this book . slow moving with shallow characters ! but i had to find out who did it !
got to here in phoenix . everything froze even after using this product and covering everything . don't wast your money !
these are extremely to small .
it looks red and blue i don't like this one i want another or money back i'll send it back
it is difficult to get the phone in out of case , i miss a lot of calls that way .
the phone is not unlocked
poor design one ballast didn't even work out of the box and the lights flicker . would not recommend this product .
compared with the original tarzan book , this story is disappointing . however , it contains essential information for the following tarzan books .
died about a month after use , won't change inputs or anything . i would not recommend the device for your tv .
use other means to raise your bed . these do not work and make cause a rupture of your bed frame .
not worth the money savings since they didn't work or worked for very few sheets . not compatible with the printer .
worst item i have ever bought through amazon . horrrrrible plastic scent . horrible look . dont waste your money . this was a waste
my children love the berenstain bears books , but spin the bottle is completely inappropriate for this age group ! very disappointed .
i'am sorry but this selection have a very bad recor , it isn't remasterized and the sound is very bad .
the unit if defective . it is impossible to program . have phoned for assist , but my calls are not returned .
it didn't work how i thought it would but its ok i have to take it with another product .
i also responded last week regarding not yet receiving the device ordered on march rd . please help ! larry frank
these things stay cold for about seconds .
is small for my kids she have old years
discolor after a week .
didn't think it worked for me
they broke within mins of wearing ! the strap ripped apart , cheaply made . not satisfied and will not order again
i was very disappointed in the screen protector . not only didn't fit the screen , it never adhered properly .
i would have enjoyed it if i had got the book all i got was the chapters then nothibng !
this magazine is chock full of lovely photos but i didn't find much inspiration or focus . i prefer antique shabby chic cottage style .
too small for med large face
this keyboard cover does not fit my macbook pro ' after trying numerous times and many different angles . very disappointed .
pencial is very thick and cakey and does not go on smooth at all was very disappointed with this product
cheap plastic combs . not the quality they used to be . seems that they are the only reasonably priced combs available .
this is junk ! don't waste your money . it doesn't get any wrinkles out but it does get your clothes wet .
i would have preferred that the investigator got shot shot . the other characters were not strong enough to be counterbalances
the product being generic only worked for a few days and then it burned out , all that i purchased .
this product is not at all what i had hoped it would be . the stamps will not dispense . terrible product .
finally , it did not do the right job to humidify my cigars , you always need a real classic sponge water humidifier .
this was not a good read . the author needs to do something else other than write . thank you very much .
nothing new in it . this says i need to say eleven more words but there is nothing more to say !
the shoes came too late and had to be returned .
i do not know why amazon has not corrected the title of this listing . this is not cordless . beware !
have not got it
some useful information , but overall poor quality and production . would not recommend this product . look for better products if available
nothing wrong with the tanach just these old eyes can't deal with small print . the size is also cumbersome . thanks .
feels as if mcmurtry wrote this with his left hand . not much happens . there is little character development , if any .
not as long as pictured . the silver is far too bright . i was extremely disappointed and it has been returned .
this is much too expensive . you can get it directly from aveda for suggested retail .
too difficult to move man also has perpetual shadow behind moving pac man making it difficult to see and control
did absolutely nothing . i bought and completely finished two bottles to give it a good chance . disappointing .
i didnt even get this item . i orderded it in march , today is april th .
kindle version is almost impossible to follow . the page structures would need to be rearranged in order to be readable
not enought to do any type of job to small of a size in this pack to do any good
broke after the first use . cute but not sturdy at all picture deserving . should of work more than once . thanks
did not meet expectations and perform the task i wanted it to . glad it was cheap . no hard feelings . bah .
one again it didnt get to it dsignation an im pissed the more i have to keep saying it bbs
this product does not come with the blue tooth adapter as picture in image three ! be warned .
got this for my husband . he said it makes the screen on his iphone too dark to see very well .
attempting to improve my zoysia lawn with this pound scott turf builder package of seed appears to be a waste .
the charging cord has already quit working . seems kind of quick for a product ! the user is not careless .
i loved the color of the case , but the case didn't fit my phone properly . how do i return it .
but does it say i did not have sex with that woman . ?
didn't fit my furniture . color wasn't what i expected . nothing like the picture shown . would not recommend to anyone ! terrible !
lover her actually , though quite disappointed , she was better when i saw her live in australia .
it dident download but i hope its good when it comes on iphonewish it would turn free on kindle fire
gone bad after months . try the canon remote control , i think that one might have a better quality . good luck
this item made my pda crash continuously when attempted to use . finally , somehow made the pcb burn ! don't buy this .
very disconnected
this movie sucks , crapy plot . looks like a very low budget film . the whole thing takes place in one location .
.
flippers rigid ribs broke on the first day of use . i bought new , different barnd , to replace them . don't buy
mission parts , never got back to me on my issue
ok bad but the straps break , the plastic clips break . not worth the money i trashed mine after one harley ride
if you need a something to put you to sleep this book will do .
too hard to follow who was good and bad . terrible ending . i truly wish that i had not read it .
the strummer keeps wearing out breaking . based on info on the web this is common .
don't buy
deleted in less than an hour . not worth the time to download . tried it , got frustrated , tried it deleted it !
this book is not worth the time . simple , sad , ignorant , boring . most moral individuals could not relate . not for americans .
this product had no effect on my weight . i used it exactly as recommended and did not lose an ounce !
the first dvd didnt work , the second one played but it was corny
unorganized book !
i really wanted to like it a lot . it just seemed unnecessarily pretentious without the pay off to warrant the pretense .
the polyester material was weird and kinda cheap plus the hoodie i received was missing the drawstrings for the hood .
movie is fun to watch up until d . rodman gets more involved . ending is pretty lame with predictability . rent this one only .
did not get the jean leggings that i ordered . a pair of really ugly jean type legging was sent instead .
will not set up on imac . there is no executable setup program that will run . the support site doesn't exist .
the sprayer part works fine and seems to be of good quality , however the soap dispenser is pretty much worhtless .
i chose this rating because it was not the kind of humor i want for my family , myself , or others .
this game was not at all what i expected it to be . totally sucked . don't even bother wasting your time !
hate the app and not worth the time to download it into your gaming system . don't bother getting it . yuck !
it flew twice , then couldn't keep a charge .
this person should be put in jail . anyone who misleads children probably trys to molest them . false advertisement is crime
the story was and old one . told to many times . but the characters were engaging , and their story was realistic yet predictable .
feels like this case is slightly to large for my phone . it is light and thin , clarify of case ok .
didn't work at all . tried many hours of trouble shooting ! nothing came in . not even stations miles away . irritated !
i was very disappointed with the tickle me elmo toy and i would not recommend to anyone . not a good toy .
i bought this through amazon . it worked fine . for only weeks . i'd give it zero stars if i could . it's garbage .
the top was way too small . didn't fit at all . smelled really funny . lots of pulls . i was very disappointed .
size is not as expected , according to chart , hope i can change it for smaller size like the jacket , nice
this product was defective and did not work at all . unfortunately i needed to throw away and order new ink elsewhere .
very cheap .
this product is full of brown sugar unlike what i have purchased at the mall . good but not very healthy .
used this to mask model sailboat and wound up with a good amount of bleed through when using urethane paint .
the product was not quality , i . e . , the coverings were done poorily and one was damaged . the packaging was also poor .
the wine glass lanyards were disappointing in that they did not fit red wine glasses . i had to return them .
not the best i had betternever buy cheap i rems i always buy ninepins much much much better ok
no way near inches and over all was very disappointed with this item , it didnt nearly meet the description .
heater will only run minutes on watts then shuts off . would not recommend it to anyone .
did not receive this item or mini brass microscope with illuminator . did receive other items listed . was satisfied withother items ray
bought this for my teenager daughter for xmas , didn't last at all . broke in a few months !
could never get around to finishing it didn't get practical enough fast enough to grab action and attention for me .
like barbra steisand as a singer but irritating in this move
that is the only way i know to put it is bad . bad acting , bad and cheap production , bad everything .
what the amp ! this game is a complete ripoff ! i hate it ! its just catching peoples heads in a bucket !
my dog just licked it off , so it didn't keep him from biting and licking . so it didn't work , dissatisfied .
i enjoyed the basic plot , but the preachy , ideological tone was as offensive as the one the author was condemning .
we aren't morons but we could not figure out how to set the alarm . the numbers always stayed lit too .
it's too small , too short , not safe , made poorly ! i thought it would have been bigger ! too narrow , peice of junk !
you should not have to pay for a charger , when you bought an electronic that cost what kindles cost ! free
don't by this trash . loopy and loony , and as it now turns out also hypocritical and delusional .
words printed on the plates read as welcome little one and not as king of the jungle . disappointed in advertising .
does not fit the iphone s . on top of that , it did not appear to be very sturdy against drops .
too noisy !
i gave up before third of way through . i would not stay to hearongoing profanity why keep reading it .
i have enjoyed all of the peter diamond novels except this one . do yourself a favor and skip this one .
so poor in quality that it broke as soon as several canes where placed in the slots . very cheap quality
this item is adorable , but too small . the ashes from the incense falls over the sides and makes a mess .
awful ! lame and convoluted !
this shirt runs really short ! and yet it seems really wide and hangs funny at the bottom . hate this shirt .
kind of a little corny but ok . i watched one episode and don't really have intentions of watching any more .
snap broken pretty quickly
hard to work with , dropped calls , difficult to navigate . ended up just giving it away and getting something else .
the screws on the end hooks are stripped and unusable .
i have never heard anything so bad in my life .
very disappointing . just bought more at local craft store . holes didn't line up and hard to put in album . sorry
very disappointed as it over heats very quickly . i wish sony addresses this quickly . i use it as a backup .
the wires are too flimsy . as a result , these only lasted a few months before they stopped working .
finally was notified that the product was unavailable . was offered substitute items , but didn't accept them .
not as good as candy crush . deleted the game right away . would not recommend for others to download it . thanks
mpaa made this movie into a filmed abortion . i would rather see a genocide , start to finish , than this abomination .
come on this a light bar have red in blue light this something i can't see myself buying again ok
sent them back ! poor quality throughout . it appears someone else returned them , as they were in different packaging . very disappointed

these cards are pretty , but very , very tiny . i was expecting a normal sized greeting card and was disappointed .
i struggled through this book it was not very interesting . not very exciting . you knew who done it right away .
good looking armband , but not of much use since the touch screen doesn't work through the plastic cover . keep looking .
the leather case is disappointedly does not fit the otter box defender case for htc evo g lte as advertised .
do not stick to anything !
i did not care for this heartless erotic show . it is mean spirited and not worth watching . not for me !
it looks real cool but only one speaker works lmaoalso my friends say i sound like im under water
did not look as i expected . doesn't look as good as i thought . thought it would be more authentic . yea
main characters were annoying . halfway through the story i was reaching for a drink . dont waste your time with thisbook .
will not fit mac auto
ipod player has stopped working within less than months . main reasoni purchased this for which is really disappointing .
terrible .
not many choices . old and boring selections . i will go back to netflix . so ready to cancel the free trial .
am having trouble downloading songs . getting only partial songs and music is skipping . still trying to figure out the problem
this game is fun and easy and relaxing . nice simple game , good graphics and simple instructions . will recommend to everyone !
the cases did not fit my samsung galaxy s phone as stated in description . otherwise i would have kept them .
waste of money
there is no base to be ahd with these , just a piece of plastic moving back and forth . don't skimp !
i just don't see results . it just makes me feel sick that's all . i wouldn't recommend it to any one
stop to work after times . . after use times the hot air brush not turn on any more .
ghost written political opportunism in a callow attempt to set up a presidential run in . skip this puff piece .
i can't give a good review since i ordered a action replay max , and received a regular action replay .
it's not really my taste maybe for someone else . sorry i really didn't like the way it was made
buy a cheap curved knife from the dollar store . this item is all plastic and doesn't work very well .
a little funny but stupidly annoying . do not buy it ! even sense it's free don't get it ! it is dumb .
was small for a size and front was not tapered longer as pictured . this is not the same jacket .
it didn't work as well as i thought it did . it didn't work with an apple device nor an android .
oh well , unlike some of scott's earlier discs this one missed the mark . tai chi chuan meets 'fast and furious . '
i like the idea , and i enjoyed using it while it worked which wasn't long . good concept poor quality .
could not set up my account . took too long to download any info . took forever to download app . verry slow
pretty case , but it came broken . cheap plastic and not worth the click of the mouse .
i was a bit disappointed it was not what i expected . the mickey was faded and it was not soft
i guess it's better for me , but there's certainly a questionable aftertaste . given the price , i'll get over the aftertaste .
sorry , just not that funny . the intro prior to his actual show is pretty slow , too . can't recommend this one .
this vendor sent the wrong cheaper item and would not respond to my requests for a return exchange or refund .
well this item took weeks after weeks to receive then it did not work all hands down to this item
do not buy this garbage . all i have to say . i threw it out immediately , that was the better choice
this charge kit broke within one hour of use , you should save your money and buy the official battery pack .
does it work for kindle fire ? that is , what i wanted when i selected this . i do not have a , smart phone .
product looked used and old when i received it . it felt a little sketchy to use .
forward by rush limbaugh and preface by sean hannity , what do any of these guys know about fighting ?
just an over priced slightly brighter then normal night lite . my ledpocket light is brighter .
no matter what i do i cannot read thru the shield , it blurs everything . would not get these again .
i really hated the mp player i am going to return it . i should have read the information better . sucks
fit for the choir . nothing for a thinking rational person . fodder for sheep . self help book for those with an invisible friend .
this book is bad the jokes are bad i got tired i fell asleep do not get this book please
i just read this in min . it's a very basic manual . it may be useful for a true newbie .
the description says cello strings . it is actually just one string . don't be fooled ! i would call this false advertising .
did not lighten and infact i found that my skin got even but darker by couple shades . i returned it .
this vcr is ok for technically savvy people used to joysticks , but is an absolute nightmare for older or fat fingered people .
this was an assigned reading for a graduate program , but was too basic for anyone w any scientific training .
cheap it came broken do not buy . san jamar has ok products cheap but that is what you pay for .
a story about pathetic and desperate women who are beautiful yet totally unsatisfied . more sad than funny . not very good .
does not fit any of my inch tablets . very disappointed and a complete waist of money . do not buy !
would be a great game if it didn't crash constantly .
wrong filter . diagrams were not clear . i needed the soft filter for the other end .
i simply didn't find the movie entertaining or enjoyable . the storyline wasn't captivating . but this is just my personal preference .
did not fit as i was told it would , wrong inner dimensions . found room for it in the trash !
it doesn't even mention ella fitzgerald . a history of jazz records and no ella ? is he nuts ? so sorry i wasted my money .
the belt holder part of it broke of on the second day . looks decent and fits ok . low quality
did not like it
this tripod probably would hold a camera but not strong enough for my use . would not recommend to a friend .
seems to be pulling out lots of unmatted hair . hard to maneuver . and this is on a very cooperative dog .
no fit good the case open to easyi used for tree days is to dirty really is no good
they are cute but the quality is cheap . was hoping for the thicker vinyl and these are just thin plastic .
comfy rugged and stylish , i had a great week with these shoes but they fell apart on the dance floor .
taste really bad the worst chocalate i have ever tasted times more expensive than alternatives . not worth it .
what a garbage . the cvs cuticle scissors tweezerman are much better and durable . do not waist your money .
it's useless because i can not even blow it up . the hole at the bottom of the tube is blocked .
blatant spywareundisclosed permissions , excessive permissions that are disclosed , clear spyware . below avg game . do not install under any conditions
the cork is too thin , creatig the potential for breakage . cannot recommend except for extreme light duty .
i really dont think it works is being bottles of use and no results
another claim that falls short .
it did not even work who ever wants to buy this dont . its a ripoff
so poorly written that i couldn't even finish it . bad grammar . unnatural dialogue . total cliche . waste of time and money .
doesn't work with my dw . i put it in and still get the toner light , and nothing will print .
nice
this looked and felt like a year old camper's woodworking project . but the company took it right back no problem .
wanted a military thriller not of the supernatural type . oh well . better luck next time . quick and easy read . cheesy .
i gave this variety a chance and would not order again . i'll stick with green mountain french vanilla .
the crew socks wont stay help constantly falling down
it is a matching game not a decent fun game . it is boring . and it is freaking piece of crap
is really sad that this app is unusable , it crashed every time i tried to use it big disappointment
the ink was not packaged it looked like it was returned and thrown in a box and sent to me .
i don't think it is worth the money . the fetcher fell apart in minutes . not recommended for large dogs heavy chewers .
cheap looking .
this is very cheap and not worth the monies .
just common sense . nothing earth shattering . i wouldn't download this one . it really had nothing new to offer to anyone .
after just a few uses this cord completely stopped working . it cannot even power my toaster ! i am incredibly disappointed .
this product did not last very long eventually purchased an ipod . this was a waste of money .
apparently this is junk . it not bright enough and the c and o are still dimmer .
terrible movie ! too much random sex . the plot was all over the place . the acting was ok . i was disappointed .
it was different not one of the most interesting reads . i really don't care to read where children are mistreated
this book started out as a mystery and then evolved into a supernatural story . it was not to my liking .
i wanted the game not the guide . want my money back . not happy not happy not happy not happy not happy
stinky ! whatever material this is stinks to the high heavens . nothing you do can remove the smell .
it did nothing but make my hair a mess . my husband could still hear my snoring from across the hall .
the shoes are too large and don't correspond to my expectations . i did not like them at all on my feet !
poorly manufactured . mounting hole was too small for pin . ridiculous . went w volq . ext release . that fit w o any prob .
as soon as i got it it would not stick to my phone and it didn't fit . i am mad
it was in german . the art was cool , but what am i gonna do with it ? lol
the mask is good quality , the wig is junk . the ad implies the hat is included , but it is not .
the subject heading says it all but i am typing this to fill up the necessary and requested word count .
it simply does not work for the skyrocket . i believe that watt or voltage or something else might be wrong .
this one is a little cheap looking . thought i was getting something else but it matches . itwill do for now
this app is very bad its a total waste of money i would not buy it if i were u
it did not work well on my kindle . so i could not use it to its potential . maybe some other time .
no bacon taste at all . it tastes more like paprika than anything else . save your money and avoid this product .
do not use for latex . even when thinned out the results were dissapointing . seems simple to use . easy to clean
it broke the first day i got it ! i just threw it away ! piece of crap and waste of money
this is not what i expected . especially for the price i paid . i am very un happy with this product !
did not receive this book , had to email and ask where it was , did receive a prompt refund .
did not fit
not good is the worst
it only plays for seconds and turns off immediately . i dont know the objective of this sac of bugs
i'm not sure what i missed , but i do not see why so many people thought this movie was funny .
i didn't spin well . we had to lube it up for it to work . my son was very disappointed , unfortunately .
the author couldn't even motivate himself to give this work a star review . wow . just wow .
it's a nice product but its size is confusing . the size large is too small like for a child .
do not waste your money . two hours of my life wasted watching this garbage that i will never get back .
the movie would have been greatly improved if not for the mostly unnessary third rate cgi .
i thought it would have nice , soft songs . but , it is riddled with annoying sound effects and strange instrumentation .
not as good as the three stage kit not sure why , but it doesn't seem to have much effectiveness
i needed something to be able to code my transmitter . that is what i thought i was getting .
very deceiving picture ! nothing but a mattress cover very very disappointed in the way it is advertised .
. the beginning was interesting . i lost interest when she went back to wyoming . i am not a romance reader .
i will never buy a game from gearbox software until they drop the drm silliness !
i wouldn't give it one star , but you have to if you want to write something .
this book was made for someone who has never committed this act in their lives ! don't bother wasting your time money .
the product is broken . i tried to contact seller and warranty but nobody change my item .
don't get this game it is a . waste of time btw i'm only doing this to get different skins ok bye
i didn't expect this shirt to be a little smaller than other normal shirts but the price was a steal
cheap
will not navigate to entered address . each time the screen says it has to restart and the unit shuts down .
cheap crap . wouldn't recommend .
does not work with netflix and other hdcp requiring devices . completely useless . for apple tv or any other hdcp device .
the finnish electric network is different from u . s . i could not make it work so it is out of order .
didn't like the taste . had problems blending it .
has no stability , material low quality , use for junk storage
trite , freshman half effort . not worthy of even sarcastic comparison to nj .
weave portion of shoe tore away from the top part of the shoe within a few hours of wear inside .
i liked the book but the child did not . he wanted something more interactive like a real vehicle with wheels .
consistently measured yards short of what other range finders were measuring .
pert plus dandruff controls is the best i've found , i didn't really notice any scalp improvement from this t sal shampoo .
worked okay for a few months . after about months though it would no longer be recognized by any device .
i bought the to thoroughly bleed by breaks , but it leaked . is is cheaply made and i don't recommend it .
the outer cover is too big the inner cover is to small , dont buy it dont buy dont buy it
broke during first use ! waste of money !
running under xp is fine , but still does not run under vista .
really disappointed because the jean is too small . its inches shorter , the tshirts its ok . although the quality is good .
does not effectively floss . i do not recommend this product . a regular water pick will do the job much better .
was disappointed in the quality of the leather . looked and felt more like plastic . looked very cheap and felt cheaper .
after months it stopped working ! but kodak can repair it for you . for only . that's just wrong !
i just didn't like the way the game was played . what else is there to say . did not like game
not sure why , but i've tried it on a number of mac minis , and it just plain doesn't work .
it was leaking when it arrived
just couldn't get interested in it .
it doesnt even fit my phone . nothing is wrong with it . it just does nit fit my phone , at all .
i buy astrotec am balanced armature moving iron headphones butr , l unbalance soundwire sound bed , poor soundjust like quality .
to hard to control , bird kept running into a pillar and would crash immediately . not enjoyable to play at all .
sent it back , my child was too tall , legs hit the handlebar of our beach crusiers , child was uncomfortable , sorry .
i got the size that was indictedbut it was to small to even try on . sent back for refund .
writing is shallow and almost cliche at times . hard to develop serious interest . not a recommended book unless really blared .
this product was disappointing . the print is virtually illegible . i should have paid attention to the previous reviewers . poor choice
itried everything to get this app to work and couldn't do it no matter what i tried . boo ! boo ! boo !
i don't like the material too small size and so unconfortable , i wanted to return it right a way
did not know this was a tribute band version when i downloaded . pathetic version . wish i could get my monet back .
dylan's voice is shot . some of his songs remind me of a bad leon redbone imitation . time to go .
does not work at all for the purpose i intended . vga adapter to tv s video rca out cable for pc video
i was disappointed with the book , i don't think the description was accurate . not worth it to send it back .
the ad was very misleading it had oz . packs of when it arrived there was oz pack
the plant died days later . no guideline was sent . absolutely horrible . there was no instruction or anything for newbies .
the way the carrying handle on this seat is rotated quickly becomes uncomfortable for your wrist .
it would have to be made of gold for a inch pump to cost . .
we have the oreck xl and it did not fit , not even close . do not buy ! item description is wrong .
when i got it it was broken but it fit well and i would like to find a better one
did not work , ordered the samsung wireless adapter , works great . no wires plug and play and you can hide it .
looked more like a nightgown instead of a formal . it was a little see through and wasn't usable for our purposes .
it is a shame that the vesion is cropped not widescreen ! the poetry of the movie is destroyed !
need phone number ! who do i contact to set the key board i do not have a code please help ?
it is a shame because i was expecting something more elaborated and the book is too small for its price .
actually the movie deserves no stars . there is nothing about the movie to recommend it .
arrived on time . but the screen protector cracked as i was applying it to the camera's screen , rendering it unusable .
did not work with my phone , returned them and already reimbursed . was not happy at all , do not recommend it .
this game is so boring its kewl for year olds maybe but don't waste ur money please save it !
stupidest app . ever ! it sucks ! i mean seriously its horrible even for children my kids hate it andnits hard to work .
cheaply made for the price paid . too difficult to adjust to accomodate toasting , baking and bagels . gets extremely hot on top .
this metal does not contain any nickel which is ferromagnetic . this product will not attach to a magnet . disappointed indeed .
bad cheap and yet very expensive expected more was verry verry dissapointed the designs were cool so much pottential .
this track sounds like a karaoke song was put through a wood chipper . poor quality . i don't recommend at all .
i tried several times to get into it but just wasn't able to . i gave it to a friend . thanks anyway . judy
the game wasn't too interesting , amazon wants me to put up a review , got bored after playing about hours !
to hard to set properly as it came with no instructions , very dissapp ointed
not much of a story plot . knew the storyline a third of the way thru for the most part .
i'd use this as a hand wash , if you don't like alot of suds . not for shower . no 'refueling' here !
battery would not charge , no charging light visible . after several hours using charger , kindle still indicated that battery was dead .
well the plastic broke on the two openings for volume key and lock unlock key within two days . regretting !
numbers are very cute , but much smaller than i anticipated . numbers are made with thin wood with tiny magnetic dot .
tastes aweful . not like real coconut
i thought this mouse was very decent until it spontaneously died on me after months .
sound quality stinks . do not buy . the sound recorded is hard to understand and tiny , awful . don not buy this !
i paid more then the average price because it said that i would receive a cd but it was cracked !
terrible product . stick was bent , tip is horrible . everything about this product is bad . just all around terrible pool cue .
these bob books are small and cheaply made . the bob books from costco were much better quality and bigger print .
this product looked fantastic , but did not wash well at all . washing instructions were followed , yet the collar fell apart .
it was all powdered up by the time i got it
it did nothing for me ! extremly dissapointed . i followed the directions and changed my diet accordingly . no results at all .
does not fit my phone , it wont stay together
this pillows is very comfortable , and it does have cooling properties . but it no where near does what they say .
out of the cables broke the first day . not worth the time or effort to buy these cables
to big and bulky . i will send back .
placebo effect ? total waste of money !
can't take pictures because the case is on the way and trouble closing
some parts to the set came in broken , but other than that it works fine .
the cushion will move while you sit due to the direction of the fibers . not usablle at all . don't buy .
chalice is absolutely beautiful and omg tiny ! there is no possible way you can overindulge drinking wine from this cup .
mine did not even get one slurpee made . it kept freezing up and stopping . this thing is garbage .
amazon version not functional or upgradable at amazon or market . amazon is always seems way behind . on updates for apps
really a total waste of time and money , sorrynot nearly as good as clouds across the sun . very disappointing
good but not groovy arrangemnents . good repertoire but just for gal costa's fans .
there were too many typos and some missing words . impossible to read . this needs to be fixed for the ipad .
i know its not alot of money , but this is under the free section . not first time amazon has done this .
i can't believe how bad this book is . i'm speechless . horrible writing , story filled with cliches .
i believe when people say that it worked with their dog , but with my hyper dog , it did not work .
does not smell the same as my last bottle , wondered if it was authentic . i would not buy it again .
not good at all the game they sent was mess up s up cant start a new game at all
the handle broke after only a few uses . disappointing because of the high cost for a brush .
no . it doesn't fit a dremel .
truly a boring book . i'm sorry i wasted my time . i'm really really sorry . please accept my apologies but ugh .
it keeps humidity within the case . i was expecting that the case was going to isolate water humidity from external weather conditions .
never stayed together glass painted black on back . glass rolled with the possibility of it catching on something and shattering .
stupid gag gift . i mean . it is what it is . just not worth the price . blah blah blah words . blah
upset . annoyed . confused . pissed . suckered . out . of . your . money . don't . buy . this . don't . even . think ! of . renting . this . dud . just . gracefully . have . it . burned . but . make . sure . it's . for . dirt . cheap . maybe . free . good . night . stars .
product does not 'stay in place' . it has to be adjusted constantly . i would not recommend it to a friend .
boring repetitive . no depth . little information . no background regarding the main protagonists . no insight of political situation at the time .
did not work with my camera , phone or tablet . horrible customer service . charged twice for item that does not work .
made of strong plastic , i just thought it would havr covered the zipo better . so , ok
this didn't work with the gun it was recommended for . hopefully it will work with the next gun we purchased .
broken product could not return it or get a replacement the kickstand was broken very disappointed recommend your friends no
black ink was out after printing pages . it was a waste of money . i would not buy this again !
the item i received is different fom picture . the revived item is simple ball without design as shown in picture .
it doesn't work . i've tried to plug usb flash , keyboard , mouse , no of them works with my samsung galaxy nexus
no power , cuts but not to strong on battery power . that's all i have to say about this thing , done !
great idea . yeah ! who writes this stuff omg wth why ! what was your goal no one watches the vma anyway derp
it has a penis
i have not been able to get this to play . very unhappy with this product . just a bunch of frustration .
maybe the worst product purchased through amazon . could not be more inaccurate
this was obviously hand made . the stones started falling off as soon as i took it out of the box .
the last of us did not work . it kept getting to one point and it would freeze . batman was boring .
i have yet to have seen results . and it's already been two months . is there another kind , you guys know of ?
the size is alot smaller than i expected . not big enough to hold much change much less credit cards .
did work at all . do not recommend !
i would definitely not buy this again . very negative energy here .
the pictures are pretty but i'm finished with my international travel in my life .
all type . i bought this to see all the masterpieces . if you want to read and not see them buy .
i never opened the bottle the information included in the box was alarming enough and i returned the pills immediately .
metal taste . daughter won't drink it , even mixed with gatorade . wouldn't recommend . i tried it and it has awful aftertaste
author is more focused on promoting his political party than writing an auto biography . wish i had my money back .
it didn't work too good on my machine . and installing and removing this foot is a pain in the butt .
the quality is pretty goodhowever the taste and flavor are not so wellit is kind of weird when using it
this book was awful . it consisted of one lie after another . i know because i'm the sister he didn't mention .
just horrible . have no idea how to use it and it didn't do what i wanted it to do . c .
they bend
kid rock refuses to sell is music on line . this is someone else singing . don't be fooled .
quit working first time using it . junk . do not buy . tried several different adapters and it was just crap cord !
way off on the sizing . i am a ten and could not fit in these shorts .
needle really really small . if i squezzed it little harder , oil came out every where but the tip of needle .
this is not music . there is no song . it plunks some random sound . it's a dud thats for sure
really nice cover , love the pink and the blue . i was surprised by how much i liked it . very good
not what i expected . maybe useful for beginners ? returned
girlfriend said the lace easily rips , and is wider than in the picture
was a complete waste of time . save your money . very boring and did i tell you it was lame yet ? !
i got two of these covers and they both broke within a week or so . i don't suggest this product .
this case does does snap shut , barely at all , cannot use it . i would not recommend this product to buy .
these boots , although very cute to look at , are cheaply made and they run extremely short . i sent them back .
not fun boring same things over and over and over do not get this game it stinks not fun horrible
the pink one never worked and the blue one work's every now and then , very disappointed . should have sent back .
the very top of cover never attached to the phone so it slowly came off , so , i threw it away .
as others here have said the audio is terrible and i should have looked at reviews before buying this .
very slow , dumb plot , granma cross mot real . wife keeps complaining but was a cop so she should know thats his job
be aware that the extender doesn't fit with apple and bose . clear up whether the item is appropriate before you buy .
although super cute this case wasn't anymore than that . it separated and seems like it was broken although it wasn't
the shoes which i received appeared to have been slightly used . i would not use this merchant adain .
this was a boring book about a boring woman . it was a waste of good reading time .
written like a novel , not as person telling his story . not believable . it went in the trash after first chapter .
balls arrived deflated . they are suppose to be soft but these were concaved . paid too much as well . very sorry .
i have enjoyed all the other chemical brothers cd's . this one fell short of my expectations .
am no work
not as good as other brands i have used at the same price . the protector was hard and easily scratched
why would you sell something like this without elasticity . i am going to try to get my money back today .
i would not purchase this again , sadly , it was very difficult to put on and just does not fit correctly
did not work . iphone kept giving the error not supported
it is overpriced . found it at a major retailer for . .
not recommend it . does not protect the phone
these tapes stick when recording ! i bought a different brand and it worked fine so it wasn't the tape recorder .
didnt look like me . couldnot get my spouse on . i started off having fun was very , very disappointed . sad
i meant to purchase the original soundtrack , but accidentally selected this one instead . very disappointing . i'll probably just throw it away .
kessler could have made this a really good insightful documentary but instead it's almost tabloid in style and content fodder . .
too much like l . ron hubbard without the believability of the plot and technology . plot's precepts were difficult to accept .
i never received this item . i've been waiting over a month . can't wait to get it . hope it arrives sometime .
solidly made , but very stiff . not much arch support . would not buy these boots again . the price was ok , though .
the sword broke within one week of playing with it . it was fun while it lasted but what a disappointment !
color was dingy . i want to return it !
it's not workingmy camera is not working anymore since i have bought the chargerwhat do you expect for cheap price
ok for basic solitaire game , but seems to perform very slowly compared to others i've tried . probably won't keep it .
display was dim and dying when i got it . it gave out a month or so later .
i ordered a green at t trim line phone and received a black one that wal mart has for just . .
it is not like the picture at all , i was very disappointed when i got it . i don't recommend it
they were well packed and all but you can only do so much . a lot of the chips were crushed .
already ripped on the second day . and it have a tag that said it's have chemical that can cause cancer
this is a piece of junk . they may as well steal your money . they are knowingly passing off defective machines .
i should have listened to the other reviews , sent back after days . do not consider without buying additional speakers
was not as expected in terms of quality of writing
maybe our mice are too smart , but they show no interest in going in this thing .
sandals are terrible .
it comes out really easily and it doesn't quite fit the phone . definitely not worth it don't buy
it didn't fit my phone properly
definitely not global movies or television . just because movies from . countries are translated ? very offensive assumptionremoved from cell phone
bubbles . no way . bubbles . tried to get rid of them but didn't work . other covers work better .
not really intriguing recipes . good information on general knowledge of do's and don'ts of crock pot cooking . would not purchase .
small can and quikly finish
don't get it . there is better ones out there for about the same priceat least it is fairly bright
not like the originals . too many differences , like only holding places . not going to be one of my favs
no plot . not worth your time . rock star likes girl . rock star can't get the girl . the end . move on .
the pattern on the bottom is cut off on each side . there is no black border around the edge . jen
i ordered two of these , it took weeks to received them and neither one works !
broke after days . lolreally ! ? . whatever after all it was cheap . get wat u pay for i guess smh shrugs
not what i expected . very old smelling , thick lotion . would not order again !
unable to load it .
pc would not boot immediately after installing . no post beep , nothing ! . removed and returned . not recommending this product to anyone
the locking gear was broken on arrival !
buttons didnt all work , the button , come on that the most important one . quite ugly , regretted this purchase , returned
it does not work . i'll have to return it and find another since this was supposed to be a gift .
it is ph balanced so i like that , but it doesn't have natural ingredients like i was hoping it would .
must be a student with student id , no cd all on line , must have student school internet addressreturned the training course .
very tin like and thin . disappointed in the poor quality . the little edge with the whole is also too sharp .
bad because i das expecting to playa that game i hace already complain but no ine gives me a soluci oacute n
i think it was dead on arrival . i returned it and i'm looking for another solution . haven't bought another one .
horrible very wierd and does not helppppppp very bad i do not reccomend it to anyone on the planet . bad
this product stopped working upon st use . now that's really poor craftsmanship . don't waste your money on thus junk . crap .
i it just regular play dough plus two set of bird makers . plus just a cardboard to make the buildings .
i can never get screen protectors on these are even harder . . . . . . . . .
i thought i was buying a game . . this is a book . i want a game . i want a refund
i actually got this book from my public library . it was worth every penny . wasn't one single unpredictable plot twist .
this product broke and did not last more than hours . this is a basic waste of money and time .
tried to use the recorder many times . poor tone , poorly made . no adjusting would result in clear intonation .
i was very nice looking when recently installed but went out in less than hours . i would suggest looking elsewhere
it is kinda stupid because when it goes off the screen done beeeeb over waste of time all gone booop
didn't work for me . my eyeshadow doesn't stay put all day long . i feel dissapointed .
the garden hose adaptor does not have a hole in it for water to pass through . useless without a replacement .
i really thought it was boring because i all ready saw the tv show . but the story it self is okay
not what i expected . definitely not a case that will protect your iphone . it was mostly plastic and not rubber
the design did not work for me , have a nice day . have a very nice day . ravens lose big time
the case and screen cover very poor connectors are ok doubt we will use all of the accessories
did not grow and i have a green thumb and usually can grow anything
both broke in very light use very unhappy with pack
i had ordered these screen protectors plus months ago and i have yet to see them in my mailbox !
i used for more than months and i didn't see any difference at all .
i will be returning this wallet . the clasp is broke so the wallet doesn't stay closed . i am very disappointed .
drop off after sync for to minutes . it's very difficult to get linked and not reliable product at all .
not good the quality is poor it does not fit my mac exactly . i wont buy it again . thats it
it was very hard to put it on the phone and took too long and did not stay on smooth .
very small boxes only fits pills
not one thing i planted in this grew . the material holds too much water and my seeds did not sprout .
i purchased this with the understanding that it was compatible with g ipod touch . it is not !
love this drama , but expected english subtitles . warning , they are not there .
good premise , but dialog unsuited for the time period , so for that reason i gave it a star rating .
fell apart when i took it out of the box .
i bought packages of these identical bibs at walmart for . . fyi sometimes things are not cheaper on here .
have atg c thur mount holes didn't line up not happy
the battery lasts a little more than half a day on standby ! very disappointed ! wished i would have bought oem .
i was very dissapointed with the information in this book , it was a boring read as well .
product is does not look as displayed . much harder material and darker than the picture . i would not recommend purchasing .
this fish never swam because it never worked it ! i was very up set about this item it never worked !
russell crowe ! miscast . sang in a monotone . realism and operatic emotion are not easy bedfellows . anne hathaway was great , however .
sticky typing bad keyboard it is very heavy so i returned it sorry i bought it not a good product
this case snapped after days and this case doesn't protect your phone at all my screen has two cracks
thought it was very childish and i would not read the remaining books in the series . not impressed at all .
this book has a very shallow story line . it seems the author was mainly trying to fill pages with words .
not a best choice . the character doesnot match exactly . not a best choice . please try other options . thanks raghu . bye
it doesnt work . it gave me a virus . and crashed my computer . do not buy this item . .
slides a lot no rubber feet warrning
didnt contain all parts , i had to send it back , and it couldnt be guranteed that the next one would .
good for a person with no portuguese knowledge . hard to understand the meanings of the words that are presented . poor .
this is pretty awful not what i expected , almost laughable except now i am stuck with this lameness . ugh .
love the style however , the size was too large and a size . was not an offer to choose .
very cheap stuff
it's a nice reference , but all stuff that we were already doing .
can't get through an episode without several stoppages . amazon's system seems overwhelmed and less reliable than other video streaming services .
these bars taste awful . i absolutely cannot eat them . i cannot imagine anyone who could ! do not order this product .
my fingers are stained but ny daughters hair will not pick up the color . i would not recommend this product .
i purchased these to use with the insulated oz cups . the straws are to fat to feed through lid .
i love it
this item was supposed to fit the blackberry storm but there was no way to make it fit .
this shelf is okay . very unstable . my husband brought brackets to make it more sturdy . i would not purchase again .
is incredible the mixture of the kind of light but not for long time just a few months
the price is a joke . target , wal mart , and amazon . com are selling this piece toddler comforter set for . dollars
the ring started changing color on me the more i had it on . turned kind of black .
stay away from this , my daughter years didn't even play with it once ! its made of cheap quality materials !
we purchased this device to charge our ipads . it will not charge them . waste of money time . not happy .
this watch is big ! returned it for a smaller one as this was a gift for a woman
the on off switch does not work at all . to turn it off i have to take out the battery . disappointing !
the side is very small
this set is a disgrace . fullscreen read pan scan ! ? ! what is dreamworks thinking ? avoid .
for some reason i thought these were attached to bobbie pins and instead you have to twist into your hair ?
these stories were neither famous nor would i read them to my nephew , which was why i downloaded the book .
this isn't google maps . it's a screen full of nonsense with a little tiny window showing google maps . don't bother .
arrived in good time . did have one cracked case but the other seem to be fine .
the file was made to thin and flimsy . i expected much more for the price . i would not purchase another .
the clear water was cloudy and made the lava lamp look like crap , guess you get what you pay for .
gets boring fast , you don't see the ball until it leaves the playing field , maybe cents would be more appropriate !
no comment . book was not in good condition as expected . i do not have any choice other then keep it . no more comment
you can pull the gate open while it is latched . don't was your money on this item , buy another gate .
save your money . the odor produced was cheap and irritating . i threw it away buy any indian sai baba instead !
very itchy material
nothing new here , and poorly written . a waste of time . maybe it was written for a first grader , i hope .
if you are interested in events this is ok . anything else , forget it . don't waste your money on this
put skirt in dryer on low . skirt shrank over inches . cheap ! do not put in dryer at all it
this mah performance after full charge is worse than the original canon battery , mah .
i was disappointed with it . i didn't feel it was worth the price i paid and i am returning it .
inflated when you blow it up for about minutes and then deflated . not a quality product . would not recommend .
i have one on my desk but it's way too loud , even on the lowest setting .
there is less in a box and cheaper quality , dislike with a passion does not hold anything in at all
to sum it up this article not book was written in a day . not worth purchasing . can't recommend to anybody .
junk cheep quality
not the right cover i need one that fits a htc one how do i send other one back thanks !
by my review title , i don't mean the band ! this comedy sampler is junk . avoid it !
the charge would only last a hour
cables worked fine , splitter doesn't work at all . i should have trusted the other reviews and tried a different splitter .
the case it self is fine , but the flap covering the slot to charge the phone is not very user friendly .
this is just trying to copy minecraft . minecraft pocket edition is much much much better . even block story copies minecraft .
most of the tracks lack emotion and inspiration . try next time , with less hype and more substance .
thought i was getting scripts of the movies mentioned . did not . and what was in the book was not helpful
shirt looked great but it was the wrong size . the bag said xl but the shirt inside was a medium
poor writing and predictable story , i would not recommend this unless you want the same descriptions repeated over and over .
could not get this app to work with my email tried it several times but had no luck . deleted app
i dont like the color i never wear it it is more darker than the picture light brown i really dont like it
i would not buy this product again . it is very loud and rattles the whole house .
the person i give the phone , tell me that she doesn't really like it , and the battery is no good .
did not get the watches and i paid for them trying to get them or money back ordered months ago .
this book was very boring and very predictable . i would not recommend unless you can buy it cheap on amazon .
not very interesting to the children targeted . does not hold their interest for any length of time . not enough variety .
this is good , but not great . the deutekom troyanos is the best there is .
wall charger was junky . it looked like a toy . description was not clear . i did not use it at all .
only works with one phone and not when two phones are plugged in . defeats the purpose of having this product .
when it came in , i was excite but it wasn't handled carefully and it was shattered when i got it .
the camo started wearing off on the very first two days it sucked terribly and im upset about it . sorry
i got this junk for my win mag and my wife's and it doesn't fit worth a crap .
more for a sun room or something
piece of junk . i agree with the other reviewers . it ate several tapes before i finally just threw it out .
the headset is to heavy and does not fit will in my ear no matter what ear piece i try .
do not like
holster broke .
it doesn't work right waste of money . no not buy it . it suck big time want my money back know
slow starting , tedious read , and it's not worth the wait . i wish i had not have purchased it . thank you
doesn't fit any of the cone thread i have . too expensive for what it is . lousy product . would not recommend .
very small and does not wind up . so deceiving . expected a jumbo wind up toy . the description should be changed .
for some reason it has a bitter taste that stays in your mouth forever . i just don't like it .
why is the kindle version of this book twice the price of even the hardback ? !
the color was not what i expected , and it was somewhat too big , and i don't like to return stuff .
i just dont like this stuff . maybe its too runny . it left my hair hard . i applied on dry hair .
good reader for an audio book , lots of info on the back story of the old west .
the case is not a tight fit like i thought it was going to be on a samsung galaxy
kind of hard to follow i read her novels and they were great . i would pass on this short read .
la peor pelicula de tom cruise , lo cual es mucho decir cual ha sido buena ? .
material is durable and attractive . however , unable to carry in belt holster case is then stuck . do not buy this item .
all it does is sync your personal data with who the hell even knows , do not even try downloading it !
the information we read about this item was so different in the item we received . we were expecting something totally different .
this stopped working after two uses . it stopped retracting and got all jumbled up . i would not recommend this item
certainly wouldn't trust this gate at the top of steps ! a waste of
i haven't used it yet . my door way is not the right doorway for this product .
they were not comfortable the mesh did not feel good on the feet and toes .
extremely disappointing . i had hoped to play all the videos i uploaded to both the cloud and my kf . neither .
hair straightener worked well for months then it gradually lost heat even though the window showed highest heat level .
there is no end ! all the book waiting to know what was going to happend , and nothing a complete mistery .
it was great while it worked . but it's too expensive an item to die after only months .
a few good songs a lot of filler . for the price , probably worth it for the few good ones .
constant crashes , cant advance to the back yard before the game crashes . tried uninstalling and reinstalling which does not help .
these run small and not a lot of stretch . really cute but i have to return them . what a disappointment .
this product is thicker than the paper aeropress filters and didn't fit in the same thin space . it's too thick .
it just doesn't work on android tablet . i spend a few hours with customer service to try it get working .
this movie was terrible
only one day worked . package came unharmed . presentation nice as expected . the timer stopped working the next time i used it . poor quality
runs extremely short , so not recommended for tall women over .
i need to return item because when i openned it up one speaker was cracked and water had dropped out .
did not work
this is not a complete edition . going to try to get a refund pn my rental purchase , sucks a lot
if you are thinking of a book with some stupid kid jokes this is it . it's chocked full of them
very hard to open and set the code . couldn't reset the lock either . i'm sending the other three back .
started to chip after one use ! terrible clip even worse card holder ! wish i bought the m clip
does not work in indianapolis , in on any of the four frequenciesin vehicle
semi entertaining but very slow and dry . very predictable plot twists and not much substance or thought given to storyline .
the size of this shoe is not listed ! please include what sizes are available so that buyers know ! thank you !
this did not work for me . it was too cumbersum , hard to keep in place , uncomfortable to wear . very disappointing .
worked great for the first week , however after that my macbook pro starts slipping down . needs a better non stick surface .
and now i intend to spend it .
not waterproof or smudgeproof as claims . i would like to return it . not suggest this product to buy . can not use .
only lets you play for a few minutes then you have to purchase game to continue , not free at all
this was too sick to continue . i read for pleasure and surely was not getting any pleasure from this book .
cheaply madecutting power is minimalattachments are nicebecause it has no cutting power , however , it is a pretty useless device
well written but not my style very tall dark and handsome stuff . highly romantic but unrealistic . follows a predictable formula . rather pass .
waste of money
too much foul language , may try to finish it if can get through the bad language !
this case will not allow the earphone to be plugged in when using the new models . silver and star wars
not what i was expecting at all . maybe i wasn't completly aware of that description , but i was totally dissapointed .
this is definitely not the best version ofgalveston , and definitely not the best singing jimmy webb has ever done .
bought a medium i should have bought xlg . hard to get on and very uncomfortable and not warm as advertised .
not satisfy with this product . they go bad easy .
may work well for a jeweler , but not good for the usage in a printing company .
looks like the picture good quality i still have it btw i love write reviews and test things out !
the plug did not fit my kindle . i had to pay to return it . it is not worth the effort
classic movies should never be remade for this reason . it was just over the top and nothing like the original .
the magnetic strip of this case is really bad , it comes out easily . i would not buy this item again .
make sure they fir your type of sink , or you will be running around hd looking for a attachment . boooooooooooooooo
i talked to white wolf and they informed me that this item has been cancelled .
it's really poorly written , with many errors and wrong words seems like it lacked proofreading . won't read more of his work .
fit awful , heavy feeling , and not what expected . fit large . i can not recommend this one , will try another style .
it would not down load . so i was unable to read it . have not tried to down laod it again .
the mask i received was not the mask pictured . i wanted the mask shown not the one i got ! disappointed
i could not play this version on my dvd player . was it the english version ? i should have returned it .
no good
just get the bird and stewart book .
iphone slips all the time from holder and falls to floor . would not recommend and will replace with another product .
sentences are , too . if you like boilerplate writing . this book is for you
very cheap soon as i got it suck the usb in the middle piece fell out invest in something else
it wasn't worth the money . the recommendations were not reasonable to accomplishthe company who shipped this book was wonderful .
synching ipod with your desktop notebook is ok . playing videos in your tv is a complete disappointment . do not recommend .
the adapter looks solid , but it didn't display th of the screen correctly . part of the display came out scrambled .
i don't like this game . i would not recommend it to anyone . there is no excitement to it , very boring .
the first connector broke immediately , and the other leaked like a sieve . i do not recommend this product to anyone !
not realley good quality . for the price i think it's ok . however i expected the watch work a bit longer
disappointed in the book . really loaded with lots of details but very little story that grabs your interest .
haven't noticed anything different since i started taking this stuff . i've been taking one capsule twice a day every day .
im just trying it out but so far i like it pretty much . and also because it dnt have no time .
all i got from this product was a raging headache . and even more frustration ! not a fan at all obviously , duh
corrodes instantly . thin cheap stamped metal . looks obviously cheap and tacky . at this price , get some good plastic tray instead .
was not authentic
the product's shipping cost was way too expensive . almost the total cost of the product .
this book brings back the memories of provence and makes me want to return perhaps this can be late next autumn !
fue p eacute simo el servicio que presto el vender , no cumpli oacute con la compra del articulo , y nunca envi oacute la memoria .
completly stopped working after only being in my possession for less than a month . a disappointing waste of money .
i didn't expect it to do much , but it broke right away and i had to glue it back together .
great visual . horrible story line . no emotional connection to characters . didn't care if they lived or died . can not recommend .
it is not working for the galaxy s ii , you can hear but nobody can listen to you . very bad .
the white part broke only day after having this product . do not waste your money .
alarm is extremely hard to set . very confusing not a smart set i was replacing . not much more to mention .
the bulb was old and broken it will not work and i am very dissaqppointed with this purchase thru amason
constantly fell off phone because it kept getting caught on everything
i put it on and it fell half off and the plastic is dull and scratches easily .
huge disappointment . it was clear this item was previously opened then barely repackaged and sent to us . seriously ! very tacky .
i hate it . too small and zipper came off after a few days .
the cable didn't work , the computer doesn't recognize the usb and it doesn't charge the ipod . very dissapointed with it
product came damaged and was made cheaply . this was the biggest waste of money i have ever made on amazon .
this is a copy of an american made tool !
the battery lasted three months before it went dead . there is no way for me to return it . what a scam ! scam
a waste of money that gunks up your with dust and dirt . a complete shame .
this card will not let your mac go into deep sleep , so for me it's not an option .
sent back shoe felt uncomfortable . they where to flat to the ground and look nothing like i thougt it would be .
this is the second expandable hose i purchased . both failed within the first month .
very big and baggy .
just okay , not that intriguing and lost interest quickly . usually like problem solving games . found this one to be tedious
i wish i had not purchased this item , it is just as pictured but it is not what i wanted
i needed this product a week ago and the product i bought did not function , it did not turn on
misrepresented . said to be a new item , i got item and it had no jacket and was in poor condition
product was badly damaged upon arrival and did not fit my phone as stated in product description .
too many mentions of god . not much self help if it's always god's responsibility instead of our own .
not useful or helpful . left a lot of stuff on my computer when i downloaded it . not recommended at all .
since it wouldn't let me can people it lost some some off being awesome so that's why i deleted it
it would probably work the way it claims for smaller feet . does not work well for my size foot .
disappointing . no striation or contrasr color .
this product does not do what the description says it will . i was very let down and unimpressed . don't recommend
what more can i say ? i could not get this to install on windows . doesn't run on a mac .
i tried several times to watch this movie and never get any audio , the video streams ok , but no audio
it is a dollar tree product , i thought costing . it would be made better and look nicer . cheap product .
i was disapointed with this purchase , was not what i expected at all . i am actually not even using it .
the experiences in this book don't relate to anything that appeals to my taste , and the places are odd . hmm .
grammatical and spelling errors abound in this series .
nice to give me this l like it and thank you very muchbye hi mui hig hij hi hji liki
these batteries are dated from . old stock that is dead on arrival . had to return . total waste of time .
broke my face out . i think it'd be great for dry skin . i love all other glo minerals makeup though .
this doesn't work on windows . couldn't even install to try it .
too many unnecessary subplot lines and no substance at alldo i have to write this to finish the book
the rain cover does not fit the snugrider infant car seat carrier stroller frame and the monkey is not washable .
broke first time i plugged it in . the little spring thing broke off when it was plugged into cigarette lighter
i bought it from a grocery store , i didn't like the smell . reminds me of mosquito repellant . back it went .
ducking sufis not worth the money no buy so dumb just . it lags so muchit crashed my kindle fire
maloooooooooooooo esto no llegono sirbepara nadaaaa es malloo muy maloes una estafahi no recomiendo este vendedor
good book . useful . but need new editions . need to cover a lot new chapters . . . . . .
not very effective .
horrible . smells like dayquil , dries out my skin , and won't lather no matter how much i use .
bought this to work with the lifeproff case as it being sold with it . waste of money does not fit !
this phone constantly restarts and gets hung up on the home screen .
i didn't received the product shown in the picture . i received an open red bowl , similar to washing clothes by hand
just didn't like the feel and the back just didn't fit well . i wouldn't recommend this style .
it broke after using it times . i will not buy again it was a waste of money . . .
quality was terrible ! looks a lot like one i had purchased from another vender but was not nearly as nice .
this item froze up my husbands phone constantly and had to be thrown away . didn't fit his phone at all .
ditto on the two other reviews , even a compass in a cracker jack box works !
t is listed in the product description . but the connector does not fit into my t phone .
not very interesting . no one in my family liked it , including my year old grand child . would not recommend .
never buy a book that starts with what if i told you . it will be lies . i purchased on accident .
the picture shows this rug having a yellowish or golden tinge . the actual color is quite a drab grey .
it was way too tight you couldn't even use it . i got large and i am not a big person .
its not a good app . i think it would be an ok app to have if i made i vibrate .
my daughter liked it for looks , but all the beads started falling off right away . it only lasted weeks .
fitnit is great but it stopped syncing with my phone and nothing i have tried will resync it . app sucks .
it worked for one day and then stopped taking a charge . this was after following all instructions listed on packaging .
do not buy this ! it is . , but they will charge you . for shipping !
odd shape for the hand
cheap quality and it says it would fit my explorer and ti does not don't waste your time or money .
i loced the look , but after one wearing . one hour , the seams began to split . i have to re make the dress .
very very very short . fit more like a toptotally disappointed
does not work as indicated . followed directions on back . does not remove hair . it comes back . no good . refund requested
if your looking for a slot machine game that you will never lose , then this is the game for you .
haven't figured out how to fix a wi fi problem yet . working on it . will have time next week or so .
good size and sturdy , but rain leaks in when pole meets the umbrella on the top .
great idea but this product is made very cheaply . compartment doors broke off very easily , making it impossible to utilize .
bought in may . it died in august . don't waste your money . it is not reliable . cheap price for a reason .
began with good storyline , but fell flat about halfway through and struggled to the end . nice try for a novice .
the clip broke right after i put it on my belt and the stand on the back wont stay closed
great for scanning , but doesn't work as a printer when we need it ! and cartridges are pretty expensive . very disappointed .
i haven't seen the plan so i really don't know how to rate it or anything else
did not work at all . did not appear to be damaged on exterior . packaging undamaged . not cost effective to return .
i like her stuff a lot . but this is not my favorite cd of hers .
it came unglued after using only once . very unhappy with overall quality of product .
really ? how did this crap even get published ? common sense people , just get off your lazy butt and get moving !
broke a week after i got it piece of s pissed off want my money back . want my money back
i have two places to plug it in my vehicle and it don't work in neither of them not happy
bag is small no dimension listed very miss leading . , read agreement you pay double for shipping if your dissatisfied an return .
not the right one . it goes on my phone but buttons r not in right placebut it look nice
they were cute but thay just did not fit my boday right . the cups were way to small gor me
looks like a basement job song performance was sloppyjust not what i expected this dvd just comes up short
the baskets are really smalls for like pens and books , i was expecting laundy size baskets . nm kjkknjak kjsjnkln
never again . thought to good to be true , and it was . felt like i should have known better . never again .
first day my dog wore it several studs fell out , i had to put them back then more fell out . over it
this product is too weak . i can buy something stronger at the walgreens down the street .
whiney chick complaining about wanting to get laid . vaguely alanis morissette only flat and with bland instrumentalsnot my cup of tea
the book was overly sentimental and , although the story was interesting , it defied belief . the plot is too contrived .
really really bad bass reproduction and lot of noise at the high end as well . stay away from these !
i am very pleased with it . i wore it to church sunday . i will enjoy having it . thanks a lot .
complete garbage , broke on first use . don't waste your money . cheap plastic trash . can't say enough bad things about it .
thought it was a free app as advertised but you really need to pay for it to enjoy the game .
did not like the screen protection it looks cheappppppppppppppp . cheap , cheap , cheap . too cheap looking the plastic is to hardddd . too . k
you get to see one paper , then the next day , you are aked to sign up and pay for it .
the elastic in the back of the hat makes it fits too tight . i have purchasing regret with this one .
i don't know why they say i wrote this book . actually i didn't . others have wrote it for me .
i used this along with the garcinia cambogia like they say to , and saw no results . would not recommend this
was looking for a particular song and found it on here so i am happy rick
don't waste your time on this movie it's just about couple of shallow guys around the pool that's it a
this scanner only pulled documents half way in , then reported a jam . every time . i must have gotten a lemon .
product was unable to be delivered and returned to sender . i will try to purchase it some place else .
story was okay but not what it was hyped up to be . ending was disappointing . should have stopped at .
i did not read this book . no review to give
hard to put on and gets very wrinkled . i followed the directions and it still is all wrinkled . ugh . frustrated
they suck , don't taste at all like the original ones from the 's 's ,
plastic body of cutter does not hold up to much pressure . blades come loose too easily from the plastic frame .
this is bad gunadm dvd dont get it if you want a good gundam dvd get not .
st time i used with my yr old , the top of the drum he was hitting brokeno durability
this product was bought for my daughter and gave her a horrible infection ! i would not reccommend it ! itwas aweful
did not work on my computer . my computer kept saying that new hardware was not installed properly . blue screen .
this game is horrible ! it has no instructions . it has no meaning . do not recommend this product ! hard to understand
worst game launch ever . what a shame .
had great service but the head set sounded like crap i will not buy another and would not recommed it
very poor quality . after or weeks the cord snapped completely in half where it plugged in to my laptop .
this is not the midnight i dreamed about as a young girl . the title is misleading .
first of all it dosnt fit the phone its not made for the my touch q dont waste ur money
dont bother . about as crappy as they can get . not crispy . like biting into apple flavored styrofoam . skip this one
and its about as much fun to read as watching paint dry .
motor too weak to sharpen . pencil stops immediately when put in . you spend way too much time sharpening . very frustrating .
it was only a brochure type guide . you could get a better one for free elsewhere .
not vary funny some don't make sense some were funny and some were not it was ok i guess .
some songs were incorrect or incomplete . song selections were not identifiable by many in our group . lowest keys functioned sporadically .
my puppy lasted exactly hour in this before he scratched and chewed the zipper threads loose and escaped . wasted .
buyer beware this game has a trojan virus in it that my eset virus scanner detected when it was installed .
supposed to be . not even close . return was great though . product looked good also .
inks did not work well . would work when first installed , but would quit working with the cartridge still full of ink .
won't run on asus transformer t
netflix doesn't always function properly on the kindle and is frustrating . needs some tweaking . not at all my favorite app .
my nokita with case will not fit
i paid a lot of money for home made stickers out of a personal printer . disappointed . would not purchase again .
could be shorter and better !
cardboard in these boxes is so substandard that the cardboard on some of them tore during assembly .
here's the big secret yes , you exercise for just seconds , but you have to do it every hour . hahaha .
either way it didn't fit at all so i gave away , so someone else may get some enjoyment from it .
was damaged and returned
you get what you pay for . the blades are good , but the handles will not hold them securely in place .
apparently wasn't accepted by my hp printer . hp brand cartridge i bought next did work
terrible product dried out don't i need more words to complete this evaluation da da da da da
as a replacement part , whirlpool has done nothing to make this part more installable . be prepared for a difficult install .
i don't know how to like this book . it's not even sexy , just disturbing .
very cheaply made very unhappy part of rubber fell off already within the first week . although the idea is great
about months later this thing started to fade really badly . i have much cheaper belts that last much longer .
worked twice now cannot get to sync or work not what i need very dis satisfied with this product help
this product is the worst purchase i have made in my life . it should be illegal to sell this thing .
very thin and flimsy . there are only i misread and expected about . not worth the money .
we never got this one to work at all . tried different batteries , etc , but no go . don't waste your money .
i look way better i'm the picture , was very poor , the materials they used are so cheap , and although m
it is so easy to walk with . it goes easily over rugs in restaurants and stores ,
used it once with a rubber spatula then hand washed it . i have little scratch marks in it . not good
this is pretty cheap plastic . it cracked while still on my phone , about two days right after i bought it .
don't even waste on this . not even dollar store quality . spend a few bucks more this product is horrible .
this book was very short but entertaining . wouldn't spend another dollar on it though , the info is a bit misleading .
i felt this book was very short , poorly written , and had a lot errors . i expected more information and details .
worked for about a week after i got it , then went dead . don't bother buying this and wasting your money .
are you kidding me ? , for a gallon of milk ? why i wouldn't pay , for a gallon of milk !
the cookies arrived crumbled in two of the four packages received .
these are so huge they will not stay on ! dissapointed .
you just stand there and shoot pictures of zombies before they fall on them is that supposed to be fun ?
stupid b movie again . i only watched it because i like spook movies , but this is not , not even close .
it is not anti fingerprint . do not buy if it is your main concern . does not fit all the screen
toooooooooo bigggggggg bruh dont buy this i gave it away to my friend a small is like a large no
should have burned the money i used to get this album it would have been better spent .
won't buy again
when i tried to take it apart for the st time it broke . but pretty good case for the money !
the book is not long enough for any substance to develop the story . so many other good title to choose from !
there is a label on the record that clearly states it is only for promotional purposes and not for resale .
don't waste your money . all i got was a shirt with a picture of some low life scumbag on it .
worked for about a week then stopped . only one has worked more than two weeks . not worth it at all .
this is not a good rendition of pinball . very poor design . visual is lacking the flair that you would expect .
dense , flavorless , chalky , barely edible . nothing about it reminds me of s turtle .
i didnt order this colour
terrible rubber tip . used it for less than two weeks . already replaced it . i will never buy this brand again
did not work for me won't pair with anything . bought for my galaxy note an it did not work
bad qualitystopped charging after few monthsdoes not last longyou can get better quality by paying few more dollars
poor quality ! very strong plastic smell ! not sure if it is safe to use ! it's in my trash can now !
waist of money dose not sync
extra heavy on my ears . painful however they are beautiful .
bad quality
mismatched in length . does not give enough stretch . picture online is misleading . i do not recommend this , also cheaply made .
horrible movie ! waste of time and money . must have been an extremely low budget movie . dont waste your time . at all
wish i had read the reviews before i bought this app . graphics are garbled . doesn't load half the time . beware .
nothing new here . rehash of old stuff already out there . not worth the
and i'm sure james dodson , anil kashyap , joel graybeal , patty mahaffey , and rana joy glickman knew absolutely nothing about it .
i was allergic to this product . i can't really rate if it worked since i wasn't able to apply it .
. the dumb thing doesn't even have built in audio ? come on , give me a break .
i bought this game the end of february and i'm already having repeat questions duringthe games . i'm so disappointed !
this book was far from ordinary . it's nit captivating , but interesting . it was also hard to follow . not a big fan .
good for small kjds to make sounds , but even my grandchildren grew bored after mins . not much on sound cfrations song recording .
i just received this bat , it is warped and will not sit flat on the wheel . would not purchase again .
boring compared to the other books in the series not enough interaction between charlotte and gideon too much verbiage about minor characters .
unfortunately , the product wasn't working when it arrived in the mail , and it isn't worth the trouble to get fixed .
the waist band was terrible too loose . not adjrstable . my pants kept falling down . i liked the looks .
dhxeihcrchjrchucduh considering cringe craft effort der r r r dr dr d e r dr e e e e e
this is a very sexy babydoll set but beware of size xl as it runs small . fits like a large .
it is a very complicated and hard play with over the top controller complication
extremely poor construction . panels pop right out the frame . can't see it making it past tsa , much less an entire flight . i returned mine .
dislike the new upgrade very much . want the previous version back . new version is not user friendly . too much useless fluff .
awful ! jumpy , bad sound . what a shame .
the seats had awful instructions . and the height adjustment doesn't work . i would not recommend this product to any one
i was kind of disappointed in this video . everyone looked sad , and the quality wasn't too high .
what a cisco knockoff , most of these reviews are probably fake , this equipment isnt worth a free bag of peaunts ,
the sprayer leaks air pressure , the stream is much too small , the wand is too small whole apparatus is inconvenient .
i was very disappointed to take it out of the packaging and find that the acrylic cover was already scratched .
i thought this would work , but now my hair is stiff and full of damp sticky gummy residue . super yuck !
guess i paid too much for the name . range bags at k mart cost . and have more pockets oh well .
not fit well , large open , leather looks cheap . made in china . johnston and murphy brand more expensive but gives you best .
leaks water from base of unit . would have returned it , but i was days past amazons return policy .
mostly rehash of old ideas covered in her other books . other books are better use of time .
stopped working after approximately minutes of light use , and yes the back was correctly aligned with the safety tab .
bought this cover for my girlfriend and the bottom piece cracked after just a couple of months
the styrofoam in the headpiece broke in the first week of use .
these are still hard and also hard to store . i found the dex bibs to be much better .
it broke a week after having it !
like the feel , shape , lightness , but it stains when used in the dishwasher . that is a big deal to me .
did not like or agree with the book premise , i deleted it and will not read that author again ever
looks white on my lips
didn't work as well as i thought it would .
this item burned up when i tried to use it . i threw . , plus s h . away !
i still have not even received this product but it is very late and i am very very disappointed .
fascinating story , full of grammar errors . just when i was getting into the story , the authors grammar would ruin it .
this tape measure is only accurate if you are working with metal products . be warned !
these are impossible to walk in . the entire thing feels like thin stiff cardboard . pretty much only for looking at .
how can one complete a project without sealing those pesky solder joints , this is a must on every bench .
this is a horrible game . my year old sister beat it .
this movie was extremely confusing , the plot could of been better , this movie was just very confusing .
cheaply made . it didn't cost much to begin with but wouldn't have bought if i had seen it before hand .
not easy to put on boat rail .
garbage
cord is very short and chintzy . next time , i'll pay more and get a better cord . not worth the savings .
bad packing stopped unpacking after rd item when i found it broken . everything was loose in the box . be careful
we purchased four of these . all four quit working within weeks . i would not recommend this product .
the tablet is not fitting in it , y sell something say it is universal and then it don't fit .
i have tried over and over to get my dog to use this , however i can't get her to use .
the crystal fell out , so i returned them .
i had high hopes of enjoying this book , but i just didn't . i had to force myself to finish it .
did not fit my laptop , nor my wife's awkward and difficult to use .
franco was funny and some nice talent but plot was aweful and predicable . don't waste your time watching this mess
i don't know if we got a defective one but it falls off the wand constantly . i would never repurchase .
real piece of chit don't waste any money on this garbage . ripp off no good no good no good
should be impoved a lot .
poorly written , i read all different books , this was poorly written and childish in parts , not one i would reccomend
it tore on the first usewould not recommend it to anyone to buy it even for the smallest child
way too thin for my taste . cannot find fingertip in any stores . if you are desperate give it a go .
stupid looking , even as a costume accessory . may be ok for a trendy hat , but little else , in my opinion .
after two books in this series , i decided that i had had enough of a coffee education . sorry about that !
i could go get a couple washers and try that but why should i have to ? it sucks big ones .
i did a search for oral b pulsonic tooth brush replacement heads and this product came up . it does not fit .
not what it said it was they put one of the color i wanted and different colors behind it !
works fine until power outage , then purple light , then dead . don't buy this second defective belkin , first n , now n .
please save your time and your dime . do not download . it is a two star game . should be free .
too little tongue twistersi would take back all two starsworst book in the history of ever . ever
some packs were open and moldy , boxes not the ground dinner . o . k . will not order from here again .
this item didn't work when i plugged it in to my black berry curve . don't buy it waste of money .
this product looks nice but is very poorly made and falls over easily . i ended up throwing it out .
we r us got then high school students and teachers in the tub with my asian teen years of experience
placed the order one month back . need to wait another couple of weeks before i'll get it . too bad . won't recommend
about items description this item is for us voltage only ! v non world wide usable items must be market accordingly !
very short book . better off googleling recipes and finding ones for your taste buds . need more words for review .
lasts for a month or two and quits working properly .
neat idea , but impractical . the feedback from the magnet is subtle . i'll stick with a traditional battery operated stud finder .
this book was poorly written , not in connection with previous books . don't waste your money on this one . really bad .
i wasn't able to watch abc at all . i gave up . it drained my batttery downloading and i could watch anything .
it wasn't anything like the book i saw in france . although the cover looks the same . too many comic pictures .
length of program was only minuetes . wasn't worth the money . returned this item weeks ago . hoping for refund .
don't really need it and hard to read , unless you know russian . will take it to share with someone else
this product didn't work at all i was very frustrated with it . i will never purchase from this individual again .
weird plot if you can call it that and lead characters that i felt no empathy for . deserves no stars .
i don't know it yet
i got this for my daughters birthday and it was way too small . it was very upsetting !
did not fit my dryer whirepool dryer . they shoud provide more info to be able to order the correct knob .
this cable literally stinks . when i opened the package it smelled like body odor . the cable works but it's sloppy
way to salty
i have nothing good to say about this absolute rubbish . a waste of money and time . you have been warned .
these rings are way bulkier than i expected and are made of really cheap material which caused lots of soreness .
really didn't like the box . sorry i invested in it . really nothing more to say . except i hate the reviews .
months after purchase , this died . the transformer part lights up for a second and then dims away to nothing .
it is so cheap that the truck doesnt work it was for my son and he started to cry cheap .
horrible and defective . it doesn't close and it looks really cheap . i really wish i could get my money back .
do not recommend buying this producti bought it less than a year ago and it does not work now !
i never recieved this item . very mad . would never trust this seller ever again and never recommend to nobody
charger somehow lasted only months . price was ok but then started losing continuity in the plug , then quit working .
please note that the packaging was dreadful . now they want me to take all the pieces and mail them back .
don't download it , is really not that cool , it doesn't have many options and or many wallpapers , i expected more
i ordered a color set of pens and received a pack of red refills . very disappointed in this .
is too noisy .
underside peeled when i tried to remove sticker . it is not much good to me like this . i want my back .
manual is not in english cant find one it should tell you if you cant reed spanish dont buy done
magnets do not hold it at all in place . used it once , put it in my pocket . xxx . xxxx . xxxx
didn't work at all . tried new durcell battery still nothing . don't waste your money on this one . would not recommend .
this product is very hard to use . you need to be a surgeon to use it properly . find another solution .
for whatever reason , just of this book downloaded to my kindle firehd , so we're not able to view it .
for all the reasons stated in the hundreds of other negative reviews , do not buy this game .
worst minecraft game ever
that this is such a religious book . i want my money back .
you can actually get all season for cheaper when you get them individually .
it's not the best facial product . it is very thick so i ended up using it only for my hands .
this lens was heavy and not sharp . should have known better with that much zoom . i don't recommend it . the end
very average sub average movie . given the quality of the two leading actors , i was very disappointed . i expected better .
it's a dull and boring piece about cars that are really out of date . skip it and get something better .
stopped working within days days of purchase
a waste of time
not actual dragon city app
the plastic hoops in the ends holding it rigid broke the first time i used it .
poor quality
not entertaining , not worth the money , go to utube , this app is nothing more that a home movie . don't purchase .
it was very small . the plant had two broken leaves a after two weeks has died . i 'm very disapppointed .
this is not a self inking stamp as stated in the product name . it requires an ink pad .
neck is too large . when buttoned up , can still see tea shirt ribbing . a real disappointment . an expensive mistake !
the plastic cradle which hold the iphone in the cover was broken , i'm not recommend buy this item ! , is theft
this watch will bother your wrist and shafe your skin . i had to return this product . don't buy it .
i was a little dissapointed when opening . if you are looking for a semi well made candelabra please keep looking .
this book was confusing , poorly written , and not engaging at all . i would not recommend this to anyone at all .
fedex hurt you the two day delivered ended to a day but the product was ok .
tough time getting my geographical area weather . it keeps zoning to africa or asia . not really happy with this app .
i always wear a small ordered a medium ad it was still too small . the arms are extremely tight !
i am not a zombie lover .
bought for my year old for christmas . the spring on the ear broke in one day ! this is junk !
it broke after using it for less than a month , for the price , its not really worth it to me .
must position it very carefully or the phone end drops off , makes it hard to use as it stops charging .
there are better cd's to get than this one . some songs are incredibly boring i want to shoot myself .
this product fell apart after months . i do not recommend buying it . it split here it was suppose to bend
whatever ! not so good , vapid , bleh . too many plots at once , not enough depth for me , have already forgotten it .
don't bother one example for each category . a complete waste of time , that is unless you copy it completely . sorry
this is the cheesiest game ever . nothing like the real candy crush game . i wish i would have researched better .
this is a simple , straight to the point review . this book is a waste of time .
the quality is zoo bad the touch screen not to smooth and the back sticker come with pieces ,
just a plain old in line roller switch . nice fit and finish tho' , so i kept'em .
price wise the charger is adequate . however , the touch pad mouse becomes disabled when the computer is plugged and charging .
app wouldn't run . had to delete shortly after downloading . if an app won't run why keep it am i right ?
the light is great but only work a couple days . what a waste . have to start looking for a replacement .
this product did not work at all . i threw it out because i was disgusted . did not want the hassle .
i am not in paranormal stories . started to read the unbelivable plot and did not dot to the th page .
it's too bad frey wastes all of his bluster and energy on this stuff instead of writing real books .
movies sometimes arent real clear other times it is real clear . same movieor screen goes black but have sound
belt clip broke with normal use . case around the phone also broke and no longer protects phone . would not recommend
good book , as usual , just enough humor and excitement to keep you interested ! too bad the nineteen was a stinker
they sent me a wrong type shoes . the product they sent to me is a pair of sandal .
not sharp enough to imprint well
it just makes echo sound in my speakers ! not at all satisfied . my older one was better than this product .
cover very nice , sent rest back the key board would not stay connected to pantech element did not need rest .
i was expecting to receive the chalk with a nice container as shown . instead it came in a cardboard box .
like other reviewers , i got the force close message on my first attempt to use the app . deleted it immediately .
definitely not a cosy . there is graphic sex , which i had not expected . i'm disappointed , as the story was interesting .
cant hear people , people cant hear me ! have to scream . love the water prof part , had the old style one
too bulky for my purse and my taste
these gloves are the size of dinner plates . they are impossible to work with if you have normal sized hands .
it has a delay , it's not a real time audio .
cheap set . pillow cases are horrible and the sizing on everything is way off . terrible purchase . i threw mine in the trash
this replacement light bulb worked for about two minutes then blew out . i would not purchase one of these again .
though the pricing and quality of the product is good but this item is too small for the size mentioned
unable to find it even after sync as instructed in previous reviews i guess it's something i'm doing wrong !
this is a terrible app . i can not get it to work . don't know why and i just finally gave up !
the case did not work with the extended battery and cover . the bottom part would not stay on the phone .
still haven't recieved it yet . how do you expect someone to rate something they don't have ?
i didn't know it was a sticker . my neice may like it but it was not what i was expecting
split wood dowel fabric holder design is not able to hold the fabric tight loose at the center .
this product was not nearly as powerful as i expected . so my disappointment level was rather significant .
these are very cute colorful however , they fall to pieces within a few uses . i would not recommend them .
that charger doesn't work . it's a scam . mine is in the garbage . don't buy it . you'll be wasting your money .
this item is horrible . barely fits over the ear , and doesn't stay there . waste of money i would say definitely .
horrible quality , the buckle fell off after two days . no way to contact manufacturer . stay away from this . complete waste .
i am so disappointed . everything this touches becomes blue ! very soft , nice color , but . you see the problem . think twice .
cheap ripped first time i used it . couldn't hear phone ring even with volume all the way up .
it was not well made . i used it for a week before pieces started chipping off . it waste of money .
hard to see objects . did not like this because to hard to see .
paint does not glow in the dark
don't waste your money it only charged once at only three percent do not buy don't waste your money don't !
might be too tight , as the amount of effort to put kindle fire in and pull it out was significant .
i will use it some where , but it's smaller than i expected . i need eight more words to submit this .
always happy to find a 'new p p variation' , this one is boring , hopefully the next installment has some more speed .
is not a game i'll play again . tried two different times and was not impressed or enthused to try again .
arrived with the background paper warped . very cheap looking . do not buy . for the price it should be better constructed .
would of been great to receive so i could of gotten some use of it
i love anything camo . and hunting stuff . so it was definitely great for me . that's why i chose this item . thanks
only of the seed pods have germinated . i will not be buying any more of these seed kits
this item didn't work when it arrive . it was broken and the button didn't work . i give it no stars .
nice and sturdy , but did not fit my camera , as i thought it would , is nicely made , but to large
this blu ray version is not much different from dvd , disappointed when received it from amazon .
the fan blade hardly spins . basically a piece of junk . should be removed from being sold .
love , the album . but the sacd transfer does little to enhance the already superb audio recording on the regular cd .
not gud at allsorry i didn't see the gud result as is said on the label
really not good sleeper , the material is polyamide , which is not good for baby , i would like to buy carter next time .
handle ripped after weeks . the accessories were nice , but the actual bag did not last very long at all .
too heavyrubber pieces fall off . they are metallic all over so will scratch everything . not really what i was hoping for .
the picture is super different , when come your product , different color , i don't like this product . that is everything , diana
its says m . but it fit like a size shoe . much large . also hard walk in !
so boring . i thought it would be cute . not as interesting as i had expected . wish there was more substance .
i planted these seeds and never saw a seedling . i prepped the soil and watered the beds to no avail .
i bought sets and one of the iphone cables pulled out on the second day . chinese workmanship i guess
arrived on time . was cheap . broke immediately . i guess that's to be expected , but still , guys , bad form .
this lip treatment is sandy and does not apply smoothly . i like that it's natural but will not buy again .
if it has the flag on it , it better darn well be made in the u . s . please specify !
i ordered this product in august and have not recieved it yet . i just want to cancel the order .
no wouldn't recommend ! flimsy plastic , spend a little more it will be worth it . there are other products on the market
not a bad game but i just dont like the game . its not fun to me to be the coach manager .
flimsy , poorly made . don't waste your money . probably worth . , really . look for more highly reviewed skimmer to buy instead .
control was not functioning properly mr friendly
story is fair but the missing words and such distracted from the story . obviously not proof read .
as beautiful as this runner looks in the picture its surprizingly awful in person . it looks like paper , super cheap
this is not what i ordered . this is the ugliest red i ever saw . it is red growing into black .
so many good reviews but this player cannot play matrix .
it is the same old story that just went on and on . it is an old theme not well written .
old material , very very disappointed . the material looks like it is from her old exercise dvds , all combined in one
i bought the wrong product as the conditioner is light , runny and leaves my hair dry and brittle . ugh !
i just received this item today . followed instructions to make zucchini chips and it caught on fire in my microwave .
i cant wear them they hurt my ears
when i tried to download it on my computer it said the dis was out of date
meh , somehow this author makes an exciting story incredibly boring .
easy to read and somewhat interesting because i am familiar with the setting . however , somewhat shallow and predictable .
i keep on putting in the email to make an account then i press submet it deleta what i typed
. for s h ? why ? it should only cost the amount of the current postage price .
it doesnt pair with my laptop . the return window has expired . now i have a useless keyboard on my desk
broke a week later . terrible case . i want my money back . you can have this case . wasted my money a
trite and sappy .
bought this for my wedding . cute but ripped the first time i used it . not for use in real rain .
limited to small caps . will not open many drug store items as well as mail order prescriptions . a disappointing purchase
it worked for about a month and then stopped . pretty much worthless . but for the price , what did i expect ?
when i received my case in the mall , the clear part on the front was completely busted out . absolutely dissatisfying !
ive used this product for a couple of weeks now and and i havw nit noticed any weight loss .
not as good as previous movies . poor story and acting . definitely should have avoided this one . sfx were still great .
product description says comes in pack of seven my package contained only five . a price over each is too high !
it always falls off the wrist and wont even hold together like the original slapbands . so ya there we go !
i was really looking forward to seeing this . wow . what a waste of time . no wonder disney doesn't care , horrible !
thisitem was cheaply made and metal was very pitted . will not purchase other items that are made by nordic ware .
not as good as advertised . it doesn't help my small scar much , which is new and on my left hand .
terrible acting and plot !
i'd return this if i could . played it through once and skipped half the songs . very disappointing .
i didn't see the size when i buy it and was too small i live it for my kid notebook
this light switch cover is very heavy and bulky . it is so not what i expected . i returned the product .
not getting good quality video below the quality better to buy from microsoft aspect of this product is so so
it's a little small for a lunch and wish water bottle could go inside but it's cute ? it's pretty small
i returned this product since the size did not agree with american sizing . in short , the slippers didn't fit .
what did i just borrow ? where were the puzzles ? what am i missing ? i give this book zero starscsmit
for some unexplained reason my computer doesn't recognize and of the ports on this hub . would discourage purchasing this product .
customer service is lousey as well . i would not recommend this to anyone , anywhere , at any time , for anything , ever .
a beautifully illustrated book but the reader must realize it is mostly fiction fantasy from the mind of the author .
gets damaged easily and the poster in the picture has better lighting contrast than the poster actually does in real life .
struggled for days to try and get it to print properly no success . i'll never buy another canon printer
the first ear broke after only having cover for hours and the second ear broke the very next day .
the fabric covering the insole came apart within two days of normal use . will not purchase these insoles again . ever .
lions share is the better of the two i think .
worst app ever ! somehow yr . olds can't text ! why does it have to be horrible to kids ? hate it !
stop working in days
product not available as advertised . money credited promptly . not anything else to say . the number of words requirement is ridiculous .
the quality of this phone case is awful and the color is not anything like it is in the picture .
cool concept but they break constantly .
after one day , very bad distortion . could they be defective and broken after one day ? i would not recommend to anyone .
malfunctioned
product is unusable . image on the tv had static and distortion regardless of which input port that was used .
i loved this book because it was so romantic and uplifting . the characters were so interesting . just a great story to enjoy .
numbers on clock received are facing wrong way
it goes on and on and on . some older people do well , others don't . you get lost in the verbiage .
these were suppose to work with iphone also , but did not ! they do work with iphone at times .
spend a couple of extra bucks and get a better one , and save yourself the headache ! ! ! ! !
this is the worst purchase ever . the machine broke the second time i used it .
work for a month , then the exterior sensor was dead ! not worth it .
i couldn't even watch it . the disc skipped andi couldn't get what anyone was saying ! i am sorry i bought it !
this app is not very fun and not what you might think . it is very boring . but that is just my opinion
it only worked for one week and stopped . i would like to reach the manufacturer .
the electrical plug part swivels but does not lock into place , using more than one cable pulls the charger down .
cloth quality is poor different from what is shown
gameloft , please make this game compatible on kindle fire nd generation . i would appreciate this game if it was compatible
we used this for the first time today and the spatula just melted . not happy at all plan to return
this is not a jigsaw puzzle the puzzle pieces are blocks not puzzle pieces , pretty stupid and disappointing i'm uninstalling it .
wasted my money on this case as won't fit a smart phone with a cover or case . . . .
waste of money , so small and it fell apart day two
more graphic than season . i'm not a fan of gore for the sake of gore .
they were great but i've had them for only a little while and now they won't charge
threw it away after first time . extremely small and creepy shape . was pretty much as advertised just expected larger make .
i own several swiss tech pocket tools . all are better quality than this . even the l e d lights suck ! crap !
just read his reiew below mine . too lasy to write right now .
this certainly wasn't a literary masterpiece , but it wasn't bad for its genre . not worth more than cents , though .
ordered these cases and within hours my credit card info had been stolen and used in china ! be careful
it work for about hour ! it is too delicate . this was a real dissapointment . we will not buy another one .
bought one from another site that works perfectly , this one didn't work at all , would not recommend anyone buy this
this vcr is a jvc disgissed as a panasonic . it's garbage . slow and horrible display . not worth the money !
doesnt work with my new xbox
good book , it holds your interest from beginning to end . i would recommend to a reader any day . way togo that's all
still have not received product ordered over a month ago . live overseas would not recommend because of slow shipping .
we'll be returning this radio . bought it for wife for christmasand it has terrible station drift . very dissapointed !
nowhere near as good as the late lamented wood preen ! preen style indeed ! anyone know where i can find some ?
not worth the price !
foam is too weak to support my lb frame , so i slip off immediately .
kinda really stupid ! not all into the satanic stuff . i like the vampire genre . but this one sucked ! that's all
purchased one of these in a store . absolutely no instructions for removing and replacing the bulb . procedure is not obvious .
i hate it
ordered a small and it was like a youth size . very disappointed in the item and quality . it was a gift .
not worth the money . material is easily found on the web . check it out at the library if you must .
these links do not stay linked together at all . the openings are too wide and they don't work very well .
now after one month , the unit cannot be recognized by any computer , mac or windows . here we go .
it didn't work at all ! i threw it in the garbage ! so my camera is still without a working charger .
this product came damaged in shipment . it was not packed very well so i never got to use it very disapointed
no further comment is needed than what is stated on the title line .
a waste of paper and ink . i have a degree in political and legal philosophy and this was total nonsense .
bought mine straight from usps . worked great for a month and broke . will buy a different product this time .
this did nothing for my husband s knee problem . a little disappointed because dr oz recommended this for cartilage problems .
drums dented first time used . very flimsy plastic . good idea . bad product . too bad , i was hoping for a nicer item .
review seemed ok . lost interestbit waffly hard to follow and swearing was uncalled for . someone who prefers this type of book
it crashes and does not work after minutes ! very frustrating . game is great but when it stops .
i'm extremely disappointed that it broke within a week of getting it . it wasn't even worth the little i spent
the top is not secure . if over tightened it can pop off and it leaks .
its a nice length and sturdy but the connection wont stay in the android phone . its now in the trash .
not what i expected . not the best acting from miss allen . supporting actors are fine . the movie misses the mark .
this charger didn't work for the iphone , but it did work for the ipad so we ended up keeping it .
i just used it like times and is already broke !
its very hard if ur a brainiac this is ur game if ur not don't get it ! its solo hard
a very good reading short story it . kept your interest through out the whole thing the more you read the more
i miss a wall and it still crashes , the graphics aren't that good , i feel im still on my dsi
can in a ziplock bag . looks line a cheap knock off . sounds quality is poor . not worth they charge .
this product was not effective for me . i used the whole bottle at the maximum dosage and had no results .
my wife hates itdoes not workno instructionsmessynot strong at alldon't buy it cheap korean product
the velcro is worn out after month and it's too thick to use during summer . will not purchase again .
product could not possibly be half carat i gave them to my year old grandchild pretty but to small
four vehicles four controls all operating on the same frequency so our grandchildren cannot enjoy the toys separately . very disappointed .
had the product less than one month and it does not work ! let's see if amazon replaces it . pk
el monitor cardiaco no funciona enel agua . despues de meses se parti oacute la manilla y es imposible arreglarla . definitivamente nada recomendable .
fell apart on the very first attempt to unplug it . no audio coming through at all . returned within minutes .
beautiful shoes , but runs small ! i ordered them in feb , and just now went to put them on . can't return them ! .
he only way to keep playing this game is to purchase with your money and i don't think that's right
it as to small and the quality was cheap and i was not satisfied with it . the material smelled funny .
i guess i just thought there would be more to the story . just didn't do it for me . sorry
the screen was for another model , i am lost my money and time
broke after one day . cat does not come out of the box anymore it only makes the sound . bad product .
this was an awful book . most stories did not have an ending . i kept waiting for the story to begin .
this is not what it says . it bubbles too easily and it doesn't make sense to try and adjust it .
although a most pleasant fragrance , it just did not smell like magnolia . it is difficult to buy fragrances site unseen .
it broke with minimum use . i enjoyed while it last , but it broke too soon . i won't buy it again .
installation and synchs but then crashes on startup every time . i even tried re bootin kindle but still no joy .
cheaply made . came apart after a few months .
cheaply made worried that the paint will chip off . also didn't seem to catch mo old interest
item was broken when received . this just shows the poor craftmanship and cheap material used to manufacture this license plate .
very cheap tire didn't last long at all already bald ! got to replace them already will not buy again
arrived with a broken red bolt from the side of the robots head . quality not very good . ticks quite loudly .
they did not work as expected they actually went in the garbage total waste of money nerver buy these ever
the sizes where to confusing
i love am but my vinyl came completely scratched and it keeps skipping .
ok for a chick flick . i like nic better when he is fighting or driving a fast car . was ok .
waste of money . does not do as indicated . a completely ridiculous description of what this does . please , save your money .
this movie start well but it gets boring and uninspiring afterward . overall mediocre .
wouldn't work right .
i followed the directions put the teeth in my mouth and they broke in half . waist of money . bad idea
all u ruffryder wanabee's go to the dmx webpage and you will c were it's at
didn't work . what free wifi , it's called looking for unlocked wifi or entering password for password and admin for user .
order at least size larger than your measurements . the construction seems quite good it's a shame they doesn't fit .
to small for me i love vera bradley this item was to just to small for me i did fine
this product was a waste of money . you can get the same refills much cheaper with more pages per month .
kindait don't work right on kindle . you can't use your tools or go to dream world . help us out here .
very effective deodorant . i liked the scent . it was every bit as good as the original i was using . thanks .
the charger does not keep my tablet charged at all . i am not able to use that charger for my tablet .
my kids popped it by tackling it inside on carpet within hours of opening inflating
the movie froze right when the dread pirate roberts got to the top of the cliff ! we were very disappointed
the tan part around the top arrived broken . not worth the money you spend .
that much for a collectible items i could just make a kid and me one for less then that .
it fits my cz po duty , btu the fit is very tight . i will be looking for another holster for it .
cannot download books as overdrive does not recognize my library though they are part of the system . frustrating . annoying . worthless .
its fake and one of those cheap replacement charger ! don't buy it ! it gets very hot shortly after you plugin !
after awhile the sandisk sansa fuze screen turns white completely . it takes at least hours to work again .
this would not install to our computer . we tried everthing , it is going back to the store .
quite flimsy material it's ok to use , but i won't recommend it or purchase again myself .
just work for a month . very bad quality , this one a made from china , one of this burned month ago .
the first page of the first chapter made me put this book down . enough said .
they are constantly coming off !
poor acting combined with cheap sets and lack of plot line make this movie one to definitely miss this year !
not a good product
this is terrible ! this doesn't even deserve star ! if you have a tab . it will not work !
so very poorly written . the main character is quite inane . such a painful read that i couldn't finish the book .
bought the book with high hopes and it just wasn't what i was hoping for . different strokes for different strokes .
just a lot of facts loosely connected . too much of reacher's braun and not near enough of his mental acuity .
wrong one ! need more info when ordering the filter , it did not fit the model that i had ordered it for
the game definitely has potential , but needs some work . might want to start by including some quick instructions for users .
as soon as the souirrels got on it . it started to lean over . don't waste your money on this crap
lot of loose ends . flow wasn't there . disappointed
maybe i just can't really figure it out , maybe it's just a stupid game . try it and judge for yourself .
waited three months for this order unconscionable delay , finally had to cancel the order
looks cute , but the birds don't go near it . it has been up for months now , but no takers . ohwell .
we had ad to return the shoes . they do not run true to size . ordered , probably needed an .
i have ordered these before , looks like it got squished or melted , it was a mess . usually these are ok
the iphone car charger was return and i still not received credit or a new car charger . nicholas
not what i expected
i was disappointed in this book .
sent to one of my tenants and he said it did not relly work . still has cocroches ! would not recommend
brittle broke with least pressure cannot recommend wood cased the obvious better choice i cannot go with this beloved brand
sorry , to small , it looks beger at the site , my personal fault was that i didnt see the word mini
i got one in my camry , i don't notice anything about more hosepower , may be worse . this is just nothing
other than the cover of aretha's daydreamin there's nothing to love about this disc .
looks great , but it broke just above the camera lens within hours of having it on the phone . bummer .
very little flavor . disappointed . i love popcorn but i wouldn't recommend this product as the popcorn tasted old and stale .
do not get it . after days use and wash . its done ! save your and buy something else .
waste of .
cheap , flimsy silver color wears off the second you use pliers on them . for wire wrapping , it was junk !
the content was tepid and shows a severe lack of knowledge of the subject he's made a career out of .
these socks are not as advertised . they are barely anklets . the photo makes them appear longer .
color cartridge worked for two of the three colors . black worked but the printed did not realize it was full
this was a gift for my sister who loves jim carrey and loves penguins . what more can i say . word
changed my diets and walked but nothing happened . it didn't work for me but for someone else it may . thanks
do not purchase it ! white shell turns yellow in one month . looks beat up and awful ! junk ! don't recommend it
this was a poorly written book that didn't hold my interest .
the blue police box is more purple then blue . that is the only think i did not like about it
i was so dissapointed they looked cool but then when you touched them you knew they were just horrible quality
this was way to small , it was like an extra small , i had to give it away to a friend
i am not sure why i thought these were children's size . they are not and were even large on me .
i made the mistake of buying the series before reading book one . if not , i would not read book .
poor servers
the connectors don't fit either my modem or computer . i'm very dissatisfied and feel i've wasted my money .
because i still have not received it . bought it before christmas . it was broke and now i don't have it yet . very frustrating !
not one word of instruction . how to hook it up . thanks for nothing . it doesn't work if its not hooked up . blah blah blah
the connector would not stay in the phone and charging was spotty at best . a very poor quality charging cord .
was excited for this product but . u get what u pay for , wasnt what i expected , thats all i gata say .
no handles for adjust directions , and its reflectivemirror are so weak . also its lens so bad .
too predictable teenage fiction more than adult
i chose this book because of the positive reviews of the show . thought the book was interesting but just ok .
used this to replace eviropet and teddy's pride . poor performance . does not work . going back to teddy's pride
lies . read al franken's new book . he puts her lies in perspective
the last parker i'll pay money for . what a waste . it's sad to compare this to parker's many good books .
this is like a costume wig shiny and sheds a ton like unwearable unless you want to be shedding everywhere
didnt work at all wouldnt buy it or recommend it to any one wasnt happy at all with thos product
impossible to install in a way that does not spray water all over the kitchen . simply this is useless junk .
this collar worked ok for acouplethiis collar worked ok for a couple of weeks , then kaputs nothing , piece of shit .
came damaged
the thing broke within the first hour . the door is about as cheap as they can get . buy something else .
i cannot adjust the sound level high enough to hear the dialog clearly . useless product .
my grandson got a hold of my kindly and downloaded this . it is a good thing i love my grandson .
patterns were too light to be able to read and there was very little explaination or directions am sorry i purchased it
this is useless . can't use it , not user friendly . the apple app is easy to understand , but this is not
doesn't lay flat on the fridge , ended up giving to my daughter to play with
same old will ferell movie . nothing new . story line was a little too ridiculous to be funny in my opinion .
i found this cover very shoddy . the back does not stay on the phone . very cheesy ! i do not recommend it .
for some reason found this book boring to read . almost like it was written by several high school students , caching
it's a piece of crap . what do you want for . ? i would never buy this piece of junk again .
same thing , prefer paper magaxzine where i can see the photos thankyou very much do you also have in maper
you have to let know when the product expired and no when we have the product and our hands t
absolutely useless , waste of money ! generates water drops , not steam , impossible to use , dangerous to use even . i hate it
i was desperate for a book , had limited funds and followed your recommendation . it's highly likely that won't happen again .
this starts out being typically maher funny . after reading about half way it begins to be tedious repetitive .
they arrived fast and were cute . but were small , and didn't seem like sterling at all .
did not workdid not workdid not workproduct is listed as for d , but on the box d is not listed
these shoes run a half size too small .
bad . just bad . it makes me want to rip my eyes out and put firecrackers in my ears it's that bad .
did not fit , sucked . poop blah should have listened to my inner voice . made in china , no good . blah .
i just got this app and just from reading the reviews i am a little scared to use it now
could not zip these sandals up the back and the thong felt like it was pinching between my toes . returned .
another of her good books . i like the indian stories the best . i grew up at riverton wyo . keep writing
it came apart . kinda made cheap but it was cute
arrived on time but when opened at christmas for my grandaughter was a very cheaply made peice of plastic rubbish
this book is not useful . full of as usual information , nothing special . it's just waste of my money and time .
the sounds are good on this , but the volume level settings is either too low or too high for us .
they were hard as rock . the bottomstupid don't bend with your foot and the sizes are way off .
a error keep coming up and had to close . the usual error quot has to close unexpectidly quot glad it was free !
i am not recommending it to anyone else .
it was just so much of the same old , same old . i expected more and a little more new ground .
pros nice colorcons not allowed to leave the sweat , very thick , can not maneuver freely , it feels very awful . !
to small needed a or x
new wipe is the biggest rip off of the centryprocessing handling charges nd biggest rip offdas ,
i needed more length , i could barely stretch about out of this , maxing it out . otherwise it worked fine .
it is not a friendly user , keeps unregistered very bad product i tried twice ! no luck do not buy it !
the shields are just a little to big for my tablet , so it's easy to bump it off the screen .
it looks cute but it scratch the iphone on the back . so i refer the rubber one
this is not a good buy . the readings are not consistent . two consecutive readings are units different .
didn't fit my key board
warning if you use xbox as your dvd player , this system will not work .
i tried it for two weeks straight and it did nothing for me . unfortunately it was a waist of money .
when you order something you expect it to be right and this simply wasnt what i ordered .
could not tell a difference .
why my pack has a hole why ? i think that they did not concern their product's quality and customer's mind .
the wand it's made out of cheap plastic . it was like slanted . no one should waste their money on this .
i got a tooth pick dispenser instead of stir stick dispenser . the pictured looked wrong but the description was right .
hard for my printers to find a setting that makes the print come out good . ink smears long after print
i would have given it stars but i ended up receiving a defective one . so i just returned it .
there is a disc to insert and a small viewer to look through that never looked clear . i wouldn't recommend .
the beads fell of on the first time of wearing them . they are not worth the money . don't buy them !
this software came with the gold edition and even though it is unopened the seller will not take it back .
the latch does not last very long . i recommend a better metal or stronger latch to keep last long time .
excellent product and great fit
i found that it isn't the word processor i was hoping for , but thanks for putting it out there anyway .
i received it broke i didn't use it . can you exchange it ? because is beautifully . i wish i can use it .
i don't recommend this product . i still have a good roll of it . i don't see any difference wearing it .
works well to share one dvi monitor keyboard and mouse . usb , speaker and microphone sharing just does not work .
the title says it all . a long and bland lecture and not at all any kind of interesting doc . yawn !
awkward for baby to sit in and hard to reach private parts to clean .
these are very thin . not a good value for automotive
do not know if this works as the antenna connector simply came outit was returned and i await the outcome
cannot find it on the kindle fire once downloaded . don't even bother . extremely frustrating and i an annoyed beyond belief .
it detects the signals when you are really close to them . at that time is imposible to slo down quickly .
when i brewed this tea it had a nice maple aroma , but the first sip was very sour and bitter .
inpossible to put it on screen without bubbles , fingerprints . you need wet you hand lt wet protector with special solution . bad .
this guy is a thief the laptop i recieved had no hard drive no power cord and no windows
difficult to attached to the screen . also , almost impossible to get rid of the bubbles . will not recommend at all .
this book really suckedthis book wss the most awful piece of crap i jave ever read in my liffffeeeeee iexcl iexcl iexcl iexcl iexcl !
where did nelly go ? come back to the fanbase that loves you ! you're a folk artist not a hip hop r b sellout .
the devices was in good cosmetic shape , but the battery drains pretty fast and the internal camera does not work .
don't buy them , they are tasteless and hard as a rock . i almost broke my dentures eating them .
this movie is completely non biblical ! these people should be ashamed of themselves .
sucked to the max . don't waste your money on this one . wasn't worth the money hardley any girl girl kisses . no tittes , or heavy petting kissing .
the car charger does not work . will not charge my phone . the ft charger came loose at the end .
no tilting screen
the item was delivered fine , but i assumed it had speakers . guess i missed that in the specs . oh well .
shot in black and white , slow and boring . no real story line that i could see . i thought it sucked .
nice lookingtoo jiggly . zero support bad fit . not recommnded . go with hard cover . this case kept falling off and was loose all the time .
my item arrived dirty .
except for leonardo the acting sucked . whole movie was quite disappointing . i much prefer the one that robert redford made .
this product was cheaply made and did not work . i expected more from hunter .
this book is very short and does not explain a lot . i guess that is why it's called the basics .
not for me !
i din't like this , if you set your bows with this you wont be able to shoot any other arrow .
it did not last long it tore up in less than a month
the story was not biblically accurate at all on several points ! also the sound effects were stuuupid , mostly just grunts .
when game saves on exit you get a higher rating . disappointing to play for hours and lose your game progress .
this really is not what i was expecting . it ended up being more bulky and cumbersome than i thought
cheaply built , axel uneven , unit tilts ! threads leaked get what you pay for i guess ! not worth it
not helpful to me . i started to read it and it just didn't hold my interest . not my cup of tea
neither will you !
came with damages to the hood . did not buy a light with scratches and two broken sides . do not recommond .
thanks but i don't like it . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
i could not get this to work properly on my kindle . it was hard to understand and play the game
iits been over a month and days and i still havnt recieved the case . never ever buy studd from china .
way too much static to be of any use . do not purchase this monitor .
this used to be a good product before they started watering it down , which is why i quit buying it .
most of the pens were crushed and or broken . i have bought them before successfully , but these were damaged . not good .
this is a terrible chair . it's very uncomfortable , and you cant reach the desk ! i returned it !
why would i need an anti glare screen cover for a screen that has glare ? this is a stupid product .
very cheaply made , i am afraid . if you are looking for a high quality product to type with , don't buy this .
candy stars a bumbling spy .
pro it was an easy assemble . con some pieces came broken . not sturdy at all . conclusion i wouldn't buy it next time .
really over priced , not at all worth buying . this was nothing like it purported to be . stick to using the siddur .
i love the book who moved my cheese and this book is a stupid joke . i actually purchased by mistake .
argry birds is for free to play a games on your kindlefirebecause it for free . and to play right .
did not keep animals from eating astilbe .
too small and narrow , be sure to order at least one full size larger . otherwise not bad for the price .
this did not work for my computer . not sure if it is the fault of my laptop or the charger
they fall out very easy and have yet to wake up with them in my nose . just not functional for me .
the screws were so tiny and so tight , after several attempts with many different tiny screwdrivers i gave up .
sound quality not good had too replace filters fast . noise canceltion is really good volume of sound not great
this was the worst book i have read in a long time . do not waste your time .
not worth the money . would not recommend even for a closet . purchase somewhere else .
the bars were to short on f drilled new holes insteed of returning and waiting two weeks .
i still have not received the watch , i would trace it , has any number so i can search ? required , luciana
book is ridiculous . don't waste your money . its complete dribble and nonsense . i wish i could get my money back .
i was disappointed , as i got the wrong score , as there were no sample for the st page for view
this is the worst game ever ! all you do is watch a video . plus the cat calls you a dummy !
paper thin , you can see thru them . i would not waste my money on these . not sure who , s giving them good reviews . wasted money
i received a medium top with small bottoms instead of my order of both mediums and it wasn't as expected
doesn't work at alland won't let me play on my new mac and i was so looking forward to this
only received one dvd don't want to be charge for two .
this is an overview you could get from any one of a hundred websites out there . was not very useful .
not the same material as what comes with the tracker . have since bought another from fitbit . this one felt cheap
for me it missed the mark . wasn't that funny or entertaining . moving on to more productive or entertaining offerings .
they sent me a stinking dragan too ! completely ruined a birthday present ! lame !
the content was great , but some of the photos were fuzzy . the out of focus photos were disappointing and annoying .
bought two boats for my grandchildren . neither boat works . total junk . total waste of money . what more can i say ?
followed the installation instructions to the letter and it fell down after two weeks .
this game is nothing but ads for money to power up . it's not even real slots . bad bad bad game .
worth less only works if you load music to the app , will not work with streaming , i uninstalled .
very disappointed . expected more commercial grade , durable thick mil plastic , weighted at bottom , but this feels very thin and flimsy .
too wordy , characters thrown together , just not that interesting to me . too bad i wanted to go on an adventure !
my product arrived last monday and i saw bunch of scratches on both front and back side . i really disappointed
very small ball guess it's my fault for misreading the label kinda stinks of rubber . not really what expected .
very beautiful boots ! but no room on top to accomodate your legs wearing socks or pants tuck inside .
would probably work fine but for the foam peeling away and leaving a sticky black ring around my face .
broke after a month of use . the body is very weak if you touch it it will snap in half .
did not work for me . made me break out even more , followed all instructions from the pamphlet . did not work !
the excitement of books and is sparse here , replaced by long passages of katniss' interior monologue boring !
love this version but it wont play on kfhd . so bummed . hope they will update it soon for hd fire
product describes itself to help with the glare it's a shinny piece of plactic absolutely useless
good product . but the wire jacks with it aren't good . for loose connection of wire jacks it gives wrong unstable readings
was older than my wii . not working out for me . can i return it if it not working . good bye
the gun broke from the front handle within minutes . very poor quality . save your money and do not buy !
horrible . terrible . a waste of my time . completely at odds with the wonderful universe his father created . don't bother .
this was the worst book . i kept waiting for something to happen but never did . would not recommend it to anyone .
bad sound they sound like old men
the worst book from algarabia that i have read . i request the refund of my payment !
never did get to work right . might work on it someday when i have time mess with it .
your ashtray is horrible never buying again
it was not thrilling , or gripping , the plot was thin and the characters unconvincing . just not my sort of book .
product came within specified timeframe , was in good condition cosmetically but crashed less than weeks after reciept . so .
this book has a very uninteresting beginning , i have really like her other books or i wouldn't read this one .
definitely more comfortable than a night splint for plantar fasciitis . but the strap ripped after only three nights of use .
it has a good interface but the drawing is spazy and slow and there is no typing tool . don't get .
my son loved the music the throwing the balls .
why no info in product details ? like maybe the length of the video ? what's to hide ?
waste of money . already knew all that was in here . it is all common sense stuff here folks good luck
i have a lenovo p touch . this product impedes typing and isnt a snug enough fit . i wouldn't recommend it .
we bought this because our nook didn't come with a car charger . it does not fit or charge the nook .
the v neck way too low exposed my bra .
this is a really pretty necklace , but the clasp broke within minutes of opening it ! very poor quality
too hard for my year old
cheap , not sure why i bought it , does not stamp worth a flip . more words required to finish review . done
the item did not work with my hard drive . returned the item , but not yet received the refund .
smaller than what i thoughtpotatoes burntless cooking time than statedwatch when you are making these or it will melt
months and it is dead ! samsung captivate i black replacement lithium ion extended battery with cover mah sold by seller on
even if it is free , the next time i won't take it . you know the mean , right ? that's all i want to say
book was helpful but entirely too short and repetitive . i would not recommend its purchase to others .
after all the research i did , including calling minnkota . this is the wrong cablenot amizons fault . . but a waste of time
i thought there were too many exclamation points and it had a childish feel to the phrasing .
not even hours , the earphones detached ! their so big and the price isn't worth it for this cheap earphones .
i really enjoyed most of this book , but the ending sucked ! i refuse to read the rest of the trilogy !
this item has been discontinued . i never received it . there is nothing to rate . please acknowledge .
the hat is great but the material that it is made of is very cheap !
this was for my son . it was a book for a class in college . he said it wasn't his favorite
curtain looks completely different then photo . the colors look like a rainbow . its also very bright .
i plugged it in , and it did not charge the tablet . i am looking to buy another one right now .
the ballast burnt out after two days . they would have work nice if they would last . bulbs work good though
the bottle is not this bottle . the oil is always hard and it is not able to be poured out .
actually disappointed on the first day they bent to almost breaking . thought they where bigger than what they where .
it was worth a try . but have normal not oily skin . . . . . . . .
i believe that any artist that makes fun of another artist in a song should recieve star .
thank you . ist good for seedling parley .
it has never worked right .
too small . not true to size . the picture of the shoe is misleading . it is not a very durable shoe .
you get what you pay for . it's a cheap mouse . i can not expect more . may buy another one later .
gives you the dreaded message not compatible with device . wont charge phone consistently . cheaply made , have returned for a refund .
if you want a adapter bigger than your most dslr cameras , this is it !
these arrived quickly but so very tiny and one stone was loose . sent them back .
my grand daughter wasn't playing this game , i tried it and didn't enjoy it , so i deleted it off my kindle .
this shit is to big man
it was too nasal . i am . disappointed with the whole album . sorry . was looking forward to some good country gospel music . didn't get it .
i was soo excited to receive this case and when i opened the package it was broken '
first five minutes it was done . not a great buy . chinese junk . do not waste any money on this dumb thing !
rarely do i not finish a book . this is not worth anyones time .
lightweight , it feels a little flimsy .
you can't change the minutes or seconds on this watch . when you click mode it goes to hours only . very disappointing
it does not glow in the dark as stated . too late to get my money back . future buyers better beware
don't wast your there is nothing you cant learn from just useing quick books
ok i fell for the trap . i cannot believe i fell for this . my recommendationdo not buy thissave your hard earned money
the digital book did not contain all the pages , it skips and that's unbearable . i returned it because of that .
not what i expected it to be . quiet dissappointed .
i am on my third bottle and every one of the pumps has become clogged or whatever and stopped pumping !
i bought this for my nephew for christmas . it never worked . he was so disappointed . would not recommend this brand .
it is definitely boring and very very repetitive . she keep saying the same things and repeating the same concepts .
poor quality . could have done better at the and dime . the quality of a child's toy . don't be caught .
this came with no directions whatsoever . wish i would've bought something better because this could not be used at all .
these brake shoes were the wrong ones for the year of my car . my car is a cadillac dts .
picture shown is misleading . it is not shiny as it looks in picture . also color seems to be much different
the physics are not very good . if you like free apps , it is ok . you get what you pay for .
bought tabs for bone bruise removal but bruise is getting darker than it was . it is not removing the bruise
raunchy
buy the cheaper three pack . was hard to stick on and doesn't give you good angle protection from viewing .
inferior product that does not work use hydrogen peroxide it does the exact same thing at a cheaper cost . misleading
most foul tasting thing ive ever tasted in my entire life . waste of money as i'll never use it again .
i guess i must be stuck on google cause i like their searching ways and this was just boring really
i don't get the hype . it's a decent enough book , but i just don't see what's so special about it .
doesn't compare to tuesdays with morry . i found it to be plaughthe outcome was seen far inadvance of the finish
it well take several hours to get charged but it well finish after mints after when you use it
i felt the book to be undeveloped and boring and i couldn't bring myself to finish it . not recomended
more than double than what ww charges for the exact same thing ! i would not purchase from this ripoff vendor !
though it would be louder as a speaker . my phone speaker is louder then this thing . not worth the money
it pulled apart . can not pick up by one of the poles . move using bottom and carry it that way only .
espn is much better and more complete . what more can i say . waste of space and time . nuts nuts nuts .
i though i was buying the beatles and it is another group . una estafa ! . . . . . . ,
was very unhappy . there was no smell to it at all . when i went to light it no smell
this stinks it only works on spicific electronics boooooo they should make this app for every thing ! boooooo boooooooo booooooooo
this stuff use to be great , but they changed something years ago and it hasn't worked as well since .
i tried applying the lotion to the applicator and applying the lotion to my legs , but the sponge fell apart .
i don't like this dress . i'll have to wear some granny's underwear to be able to wear this decently . s s s
cheaply made . not worth the price i paid . so hard just to open and close it . i wouldn't recommend it
i started out loving the game , but them it would not load , i tried everything an still no luck , help
description was incorrect none of the screwdrivers fit my phone so its completely useless a complete waist of money
i suppose this product does replace electrolytes , but it tastes pretty raunchy . i'll just stick with water
didn't work !
i don't work i lost my mony in it it yous les and sorry for my spaling
it is a hard setup and its useless . ns . that is all i really have to say about this product .
not as i thought it would be . leather very stiff and scratchy . tried to wear it uncomfortable . would not purchase again .
the ink cartridge went bad within months with very little usage . this has happened first time for me ever .
although the old fashioned snap traps caught rats and mice in our basement this device didn't kill anything at all .
i pluged my i phone and it gave me an error message not happy with the product at all
did not go as fast as i wanted it to and it kept on having screen freezes weak back screen
does not fit to my acura mdx as amazon stated . it is an inch longer than the original one .
he sings good , but he sings bad songs , the only good song is the way .
not very good item . it does not work will and then is only time use item . i do not recommend
what can i say . other than no thanks . the end .
after using it few times the machine stopped sucking well and i had to throw it away ! its atotal garbage !
i started it ajd was immediately disappointed . i just couldn't get into the plot as it seemed way off . sorry .
this costume was not as plus as my husband needed and terribly overpriced for what was purchased !
too short . not enough info about the subject . not well written .
it is tricky and u only get two free hints then u have to pay . i do not renamed this .
smells gross . not my type of smell . every time i smell this now it makes me sick . do not recommend .
this pos broke after three days of use and stretches the second a card is inserted . do not buy it
if you're looking for fragrant cedar items , these have hardly any scent of cedar , let alone lavender . would not recommend these .
sorry , i speed read this book , hoping to find some good , new or inspiring content . nada . i don't recommend it .
stupid . a waste of time . any roseanne tv show is funnier than this . don't bother with this insipid campy movie .
colors are not as true as the original hp cartiridge . not good for printing photos in true color at all .
defective boot . large lump in heel under the boot liner . very cheap with plastic odor . would not recommend these boots .
not what i was expecting . the seams came loose on the first wash . guess you get what you pay for .
item can not take an accurate temperature . for something important such as basal temp . i do not recommend this item .
did not hold well when trying to use it with cover . maybe another cover would have prevented corners peeling . argh .
this item doesn't live up to what it states and i never purchase this item again ! so beware of this !
with days of usage both of the items i bought none of them work ! please contact me for replacement
works okay for about pages and then the ink runs out . also , the ink is watery and smears easily .
it really looks stylish and users friendly but it always fall becoz the wire is short and heavy and thick .
they have a guarantee so they replace it but it stops working very quickly yet again . don't waste your money !
don't bother wasting your money . this book is slow and goes nowhere fast . i could not even finish the book .
i bought these for a friend who is a drummer . but omg ! cheap cheap cheap . like dollar store , splintered , skinny cheap . don't bother !
it was chip quality what can i say , you get what you pay for
cheap looking and i received it broken .
this was the worst purchase that i have made via amazon . you must enter a access code with each usage .
tns version is by white lable software . you can not play online with their version
christian indoctrination disguised as a thriller .
too small since my month old boy almost cant fit into it . the worst part , it leaks , end of story .
these did not work for me
to small
khanna presents a global perspective in which his disdain for the usa and even christianity cannot be overlooked .
not as playable as on computer . kind of disappointed . would like to see cards that have been played . not recommended .
the baofeng and cable will not work together . not read or write . this i have tried several times . any sugestions ?
lid does not snap on and falls off in my hand not real good quality . the red color is nice .
did not like it , looks completely different online then in person , weak material , absolutely dissapointed never again with this
this hurt the inside of my nose when i used it . i wont be using it again
waste of time . don't purchase unless you won't to waste your time . how something can be so poorly engineered . bad .
interesting and enjoyable book .
two days and he was not interested in it , its a toy . now he's got and ipad hh hh hh hh
not true to size had to order a smaller size the size chart is not very cvurte
works great , but does not stick to finished wood . no indication of polarity . use a meter or guess the polarity .
dos it com whith charger or you haftb to get one at a place som one let me now thanks
gimme a real cd instead of a crappy sounding mp and i will give a real review . mp s are garbage .
wrong colorbad fretsbad stringsbent neckall passable and or replaceable but i feel a little let down
cat sat on it once or twice and then never touched it again . waste of money . disappointed . would not recommend .
it broke after a few weeks of use . was very inexpensive so u pay for what u get . oh well
the heads don't align correctly so the eyelets don't punch in properly . worthless . threw it in the trash .
it worked for maybe minutes . has a shortage or something . poor qualitywish i had not wasted my money .
but a little over directed in parts . heavy handed . and yet , who can take their eyes off of his ? not us .
scuff up easily don't recommend . i thought this design would be easier to keep clean this was not the intended .
capo works fine , but the paint started flaking off immediately . i would not recommend for anyone who likes quality items .
if u want to know your level of english you are welcome ! but this is not esl test . i was disappointed .
avoid at all costs ! band is stiff , cannot even turn on after sessions on threadmill . what a waste of money
my husband wore this a few months and the thing fell apart . the rope inlay feel out . very cheaply made .
if you have a choice between watching flies stick to flypaper and watching this film . i would recommend watching the flies .
this was a flimsy case . there's no way it would protect my kindle other than maybe keep dust out . disappointed .
was excited to have a workin plug again until it separated after days and shocked me
won't work for me , i have windows . will not read unless i reboot with a card in it .
cant find my local weather based on city or zip code . deleted app from kindle . not sure why , tried twice
the quality was poor and didn't help my daughter look like katy perry at all ! it was thin and faded .
does not work for me .
not compatible with many cable providers including charter which i have . very disappointed . seemed to have a nice design though .
this knife broke a week after i got it . dislike it a lot . it was a waste of my money .
i try to return this item , but i cannot do it asdas asdasd sdasd asdasd asdasd asdasd asdasd asd asd
i have no need to listen to music music sucks . it is garbagr and unclean to ms . no more music
the product is very low quality it is not a deluxe one at all ! i can't even use it . !
i bought these for a friend housemate . they're hard to find , these days . it's probably because they produce very mediocre coffee .
this game at first it looks good but then it want's you to wait an eternity to play by yourself .
i never could get the download . the window said that the download had expired so i couldn't get it . dissappointed .
very clunky , and too big although that is his size .
never seemed to get into it . it was a thrilling story but somehow boring to read . too overhyped . don't recommend
i have used it twice and the letters are already rubbing off . maybe if they were engraved they would last .
filter purchased with brita was not that great . will try one more time and then move on to other options
product did not perform well in my printer . color was off and smudgy , so probably will not reorder good bye
broke on the second use . what else is there to say ? worked the first time but not the next one .
looks good , but kickstand is really cheap , and rubber casing didn't fit very tightly on it .
comic did not meet my expectation because the story did not flow well as compared to old comics of s .
hard to turn on with adult fingers . the grand kid can barely push the switch . battery life is very short .
case feel apart within hours of use
slow
i don't like . its still the the plastice . i thought it had more of a protective . its just not for me
disappointment . this novel definitely did not come up to the standards as our coulter books . story line weak and trivial
they messed the order all up , never got the right size ! didn't respond for over week ! bad business practice ! never got item !
blech another zombie serial . why can't someone write a zombie novel wlth a beginning , a middle and an end ?
i hate it ! the reason for this is they didnt give the the right case . i wouldnt recomend to anyone
this is not a pre charger , it is generic and i think continue use may damage your charger port .
i am sure this is a great book for folks selling radio advertising .
i did a couple of swings . afterwards , the mat was shrunk . i'm thinking to return it .
this game has the worst graphics if you buy this app you got something coming tords you really bad graphics
artificial flavored . too sweet . the green mountain apple cider is much better and contains real apples , not some flavored powder .
this game sucks . ! in many many levels . hate it .
its not what i had in mind when i was searching for a bible , i have already deleleted it
this is toys which was not expressed in item detail .
i really miss the black keys .
after using a week , everything is tearing apart . also it did not send me a screen cover as it says .
this is a crapy book . please don't by it . it has around pages just listing the programs . good luck
tired of seeing it everywhere on amazon . sooo annoying . plus it is black and white ! who cares ? !
i like the licorice flavor better . these are nice though
won't sync with atomic clock as advertised , didn't handle daylight savings time switch . will wear out soon as it's predecessor did .
didn't work
this is not leather and it's cheesy don't waste your money . i guess you get what you pay for .
the mararial is pretty good but not the best fit as shown on the picture . make it tighter along the waist
lackluster performance . poorly engineered , need to constantly adjust volume to listen to music .
i never recieved this cd ! wow . . i am still waiting . weeks and still no cd
peice of junk doesn't work ! i know it is cheap but at lease make it work for a few days .
these are not beads ! no beads in this bag . just small crystals to glue on your diy projects . cccccc ccccccccc
size was to small for a large . could not get on a size foot .
this case was too small for my phone . it did not fit over the phone as i expected it to .
an interesting read if you like older set books then you will probably enjoy this one . it's a good series
you get what you pay for , passed them onto the kids .
don't buy this it is not as it is advertised . it is false in it's description . a real rip off .
thats all i have to say . file this one !
this item had no effect on the neighbor's dog . a portugese water dog . the damned dog !
cheap material it got a hole the first day i wore it . it was terrible good thing it was cheap
read like a rough draft . poorly developed characters . i wanted to feel her pain , not just be told about it .
bought this for my son . it shipped quick but was peeling off within the first week of use .
i choose this rating because i don't really much like it . its plastic cover . i probably notno recommendation yet .
the glove does not get the hair out of the coat of my cat . i expected it to do that .
eyelash its not growing faster or take few week little slow grow . i am looking for strong grow fast as .
not good , not terrible . i'm a tina fey fan and am starting to think she should keep away from movies .
boring i bet you could do much better than that i ill give you stars sorry don't like it
fair quality . the way the item was folded ruined the deal for me . needed stronger build material . i returned it .
says one thing and does nothing . don't waste your money . exercise and good eating habits produce the best health results .
no good
could use many more levels . it's more like a trial . too short of a game . finished the game very quickly .
one of the stick was defective . i returned them for a refound .
this not what i thought . i wanted a travel guide . my mistake in ordering . i thought i was getting trip maps etc .
cheap .
not powerful enough . will not get sore muscles worked out . i will continue my search . so very disappointed in this product .
too general
these glasses last about a week then the screws fall out or they come with the screws missing .
he did not adjust properly to my tablet
what a ridiculous read . too many negatives to point out .
didn't do anything for me except felt light headed .
this is a cheap piece of crap and didn't last six months ! i will never purchase from this vendor again .
the size is not that compact . material looks cheap . the surface feels very hard . not recommend this product .
yes it works but you pay dearly . it hurts so bad after like min . you will regret using it .
it does nothing for me , i need another adobe software and i can't seem to get it to downloadword
the nativity was a little weak in areas so it would drag a bit . probally not worth the price
i found that i really didn't like the dated setting . i did not read the whole story because of that .
i broke the switch plate trying to fit this into the wall plug . it was misaligned and useless .
glad he was better at football .
this product is processed in a factory that also processes wheat and is therefore not appropriate for wheat sensitive individuals .
would only run for a few hours then stopped . replaced batteries multiple times to no avail . bummer . was cute . very loud roar !
i love yogi , but the guy interviewing him would not shut up and kept interrupting yogi .
it does't work
i did not like cause i never did get the camera . and i do not want to get another ever .
seems a lovely book but the kindle version has blank pages and wont continue to the next page either . very dissapointed
who wants pdf format for ebooks ? i would rather read cent kindle specials than use this method to download books .
this was of excellent quality but it was a bit tightafter laundering and some fabric softener it is much better
great value my granddaughter loved them
i am still playing the orginial tfc in almost ! how lame !
how do i start ? i purchased the app thru my kindle fire and it won't let me start an account ?
poor acting and plot and the whole male cast was weak . mickey mouse movies are better to watch and enjoy
a piece of paper . you need a scissor . i would return it if it was not cheaper than returning fee .
don't waste your money . hard work and exercise is your best bet .
just but ss girls . it is awesome . a b movie classic . the others are b movies , meaning boring .
very unhappy . device simply stopped working , tested multiple cables connectors . cheap product . waste of money to say the least .
why would you sell the duvet when freckles has discontinued making the reef duvet cover ?
i cannot fit the cuff on my arm without help , this makes the monitor too difficult for me to use .
looks nice does not protect your case and peels off easily needs to have better adhesives on then films .
made me throw up and was in bathroom for a whole day will not recommend this
to date i have not recieved the above mentioned dvd or boothill and over the hill gang rides agian .
i had the same problem as richard harvey . this cover is just too small for my performer .
these were not what i expected . all i care to say is they were boring and a waste of time .
the mask made it very difficult to breathe . i think it did , however , block the sawdust particles . and the fit was tight .
it's good for kids or balloon inflation fetishists . just didn't do it for me glad i got it when free .
i did not understand ending . i perhaps missed something , i enjoyed the reading and suddenly the story ended to my not understanding .
definitely not ivory . item was too white for me but at least it gave me a base to work with .
quit working after one day
could of have been better , sea sick from the found footage , time could have been better spent at the dentist !
aircraft carrier doesn't work . no instructions included . on off switch ? fully charged . hints ? tips ? what should we do ? send it back ?
i am very disappointed ! the medium is really more like a and not the the sizing info indicates .
meh it did a lousy job and my galaxy broke in it on the first day . it was horrible . wow
they don't feel comfortable at all . they don't stretch and not what i had expected in a pair of shorts
too small cant get it in
horrible deal ! didn't fit at all ! save your money !
worked with our exchange server when no other email did including touchdown but had to uninstall because it kept fcing .
search for fitbit flex . this product came up . i did not realize it was not for the fitbit flex . disappointed .
no im mad because it does not fit my phone and the chain was broke . i wouldn't recommend the cover
i don't like the massaging on my lower and upper back . the middle was great .
it keeps freezing all the time and its only a few weeks old . i am not impressed at all . e
didn't care for it .
plus s h ? ! ? are you kidding ? these people are out of their mind and trying to take advantage . awful !
cheaply made ! u can only hold one card don't buy y'all ! spend a little more money for a better case !
didn't want the live album which doesn't sound like boz . can i get a refund for this album very disappointed .
misleading product as the video had more to do with the life on the sea floor than the islands themselves .
printer won't recognize these cartridges . the ink all colors spattered all over the printer . waste of time and money . no instructions
desconozco las razones por las cuales un producto desde que lo compre no lo he visto no me ha llegado
i disliked the product the paint came off within a few weeks of purchase . did not like it at all .
doesnt work a bit . did not even scan a page properly . very low quality . will never ever recommend this to anyone .
my son really loved this ball . but the seam split and it popped halfway through its first season of use .
st the power adapter is sold separately . nd it doesn't even work once the power supply is acquired . don't buy it .
this game you can breed cool monsters and hear them sing while your showering or homework or . anything
fits great with the mophie charger for iphone but the clarity isn't very good .
not really a dock box . made out of polyethylene . will not last as long . should not be advertised as a dock box
i bought pairs of these , and of them broke on the first use
it worked great for minutes , then the battery died after charging it for hours . i am returning it .
pages don't turn sometime , font size changes randomly , sometimes when put to sleep book goes back to beginning , not happy
great coverage but much too creamy . it would smudge within minutes of putting it on . would not buy again .
very thin and transparent . still cute but need a slip to be worn with it . looks a little costume ish almost !
magnification is too strong to manage at the range . very difficult to use . went back to using my x scope .
this app is not compatable with my sons nabi . once it gets support , i will gladly give it five stars .
i could not get this case to fit my gs . luckily it didn't cost a lot . oh well .
arrived very quickly . unfortunately did not fit kindle fire and will return . will order another cable soon to view on my plasma .
i thought i was purchasing the actual taping of the super bowl not a highlight film
the story was ok because it needs more parts pages and more so this means i barely like the story
absoluteley disgusting
unless your a woman who likes to listen to other women bitch , than you will not enjoy this book ever .
story line made for teenagers . twilight ripoff . has some good hidden objects though ! that's the only thing keeping me playing .
sometime work perfectly and other time never work even . by the way i used it withe nesspreso lattisma plus . thanks
bring kik back . pretty clear and straight to the point about this one . amazon , you seriously messed up this time .
unable to play the dvd ? dutch recording . can you replace it ? disapponted . and had seen the original which wa excellent
this was a used book but it did not come with the cd as stated had to retuned the book
this app is difficult to work with i am not impressed at all . i would not recommend this to anyone
disappointed in this book . not a patrick d . smith book that's for sure . make sure he is the author only .
failed after days ! i will not buy supco brand again . replaced with another brand and it works fine .
both ends started riping off ! do not but htc sucks save your mooney beacuse the phone didnt even charge
the producers and directors did not appear to take their mandate seriously . it appeared to be a low budget , low effort flick .
the purse looks nice in the photo . the rose , and size are okay , i don't like the material it's made with .
was looking for a different feel . good sound and played well . just not what i wanted . sorry i don't know
son starts every day with a smoke father with snuffto many people doing noyhing and to easy to solve
it did noting to improve anything . it may take bottles to do whatever was advertised . a waste of effort .
the author not the subject . just a very strange book that requires a real will to finish .
my granddaughter installed this on my kindle and played it for awhile i then removed it from the kindle too .
first of all , it takes about gig of space and second , once you download it , it's says quot failed to connect quot
this item is misrepresentation ! i thought i was getting a tablet !
waste of money .
this was extremely hard to press . the adjustment for pressure did not work and i found it difficult to use
i think others features vrs product . this product does not meet my expectations , i had another idea with this product .
ripped right away . have to buy another one
this application will take you to the anti american hate site huffington post . not safe for kids of any age .
product description is misleading . if you're planning to hook up your pc to your tv , don't get this !
this is too hard to figure out how to play . i prefer to play pool mania , it's easier to play .
two of the three packs contained old , stale candy where the middle fluid had leaked out into the individual packages .
the package was broken , clearly cut open , and all the important cables were missing . so i only lost my money .
the warranty is two years . my amp started blowing zones at months .
she did a bad job on some hearts , all she did was scream and yell ! better luck next time .
enter what you want on what seems like the correct date but it will always end up on quot today's quot date .
it's too soft . and , i wont be buying ply again . i really just don't like this toilet paper . extra word .
almost the worst book i've ever read . writing bland and boring . dialogue awful . obviously no research done , police procedures , etc .
don't waster your time honestly , it was ok , but realistically , nothing worth watching unless you have nothing else to do
chaotic w confusing story line and no real plot . disappointing . we continued watching hoping it would get better . it didn't .
this piece dont work at all ! needed it for my professional dj system , but turns out it aint worth crap !
very disappointing what could havebeen a good plot was ruined by way too many action sceneseven the acting was bad
this is not for the verizon sch i samsung sii . its for the new s . battery charging pins on wrong side
card overdue and never showed up .
the tights have a yellow strip down both legs . it is not fully black . and it cost . to return .
if you like to be bored out of your mind , rent this movie .
given the choice , the kids preferred the original .
did not work in our wii . had to send back .
these handcuffs are a lightweight plastic and very flimsy . don't expect them to last more than minutes . don't bother .
i did receive my shipment .
the toast is uneven , burnt on one end and underdone on the other . this is not a toaster i would recomend .
do not waist your time
product has a mind of its own . i finally got fed up and threw it away !
if they have a worst book contest , this one will be a contender . save your money .
worked months and the projection failed ! shame on oregon scientific . oregon scientific has yet to make a decent product .
complete garbage no reception or antenna guidance to tune in anything al seems to be missing digital channel settings
the size is very comfortable and it gets very warm but the back of the cap does not heat up .
i printed only documents and the black ink was already finished is there something i can do for this ?
this product is totally ineffective just junk should be removed from the market . doesn't work , overheats , won't feed paper . what a joke . will request return .
the wiring diagram tells you absolutely nothing . i tried tons of combinations till one worked . over all good product though .
worst ever . . . the team , not the shirt .
i ordered this and was surprised at how small it is . lol omg its like a toy version . not happy !
no surprises in this book , but it is an ok beach book which telegraphs the outcome from page one . readable .
i followed the directions to a t . in the most infested room , i caught one single flea . end of comment .
it wasn't that good of a book , i have read better books . i give it a star rating . thanks
this isnt the movie i thought it was and its hard to get into . not really happy about it .
it was broken when i received it
keeps crashing at start up on nexus running android . . . needs update for android kit kat software . . soon
the worst thing i have ever heard . hands down .
a bit too dark for older eyes . as older individuals get these games the background should not be as dark .
this case back is cheaply made and has a sloppy fit on my moto g . the graphic is fine . bill sands
you must be online to play this game . i like the games with options to play off line if needed .
killed the first bottle , no results noticed . i was using this for better hair health but not working so far .
just didn't like this graphic as well as i have others , the call of duty line up . won't get another .
be sure to read the part about where this will play . i may be old , but i am not stupid .
i never bought this
this jacket is very beautiful and fits well . unfortunately it gave me a rash , so i had to return it .
too slow , no actual story or struggle or drama of any kind ! very poor acting and too laime ending
crashed . could not obtain the data again . i was unable to received a replacement just out of warranty , as usual .
sound does not sound good and not all function work a do not buy look for something else . to cheap
no instructions for me , pain in the butt to assemble , incredibly confusing design . do not , i repeat , do not buy .
shoe very stiff , really narrow and tight and generally uncomfortable not sure if a larger size would help . shipped timely .
had to return . one zipper won't go up . found on another site for . . they paid return postage at least .
not good . when it is installed it constanly says it is out of ink when it isn't . very frustrating . no
i returned the product , because it was defective . i had no problem with the return being credited to my account .
i don't understand the purpose of this app and how it makes anything easier . it is very hard to use .
i didn't realize it was blue ray and we don't have a blue ray player ! ugh ! what do i do ?
did not hold up well with the hot meat juices , poor pickup
it came broken . when i opened i noticed cracks on it but when i picked it up it fell apart .
on some of the buttons i kinda have to jam it in just for it to work
very confusing , scoring is not clear and , in general , it just doesn't make the grade as a good bridge program
hard to put on . not even sure if it was done right . cant seem to get the air bubbles off the screen
did not even last a year in daily use . would not recommend this brand based on my experience with it .
a rechargeable razor is very convient . a razor that will not hold a charge for a shave is a frustraction .
i could not get it to open or delete from my kindle , a waste of money . do not get it . i am upset .
ugh . game ruined with addons not related to the game like social media etc . why does the game need network access .
this is all stuff you've heard tried before if you are a plus size women . and the presentation is far too cutesy .
looks nice , but didn't keep time from the day i set it . after a week it was several hours off .
build quality is , so so . hard to use as i ended using the pin by hammering it through the links .
it was nice but there was very little in the bottle . only about uses . not worth the money !
bad quality , it broke within weeks of use .
these cords are crap . they don't work . do not buy them .
i am unable to find anything nice to say . would not reccomend to any one a truley awful book
used several times . then latch mechanism broke . now the gustbuster doesn t keep open and is of no use anymore . disappointed .
it doesn't fit my samsung galaxy s . maybe i ordered the wrong product for my phone . i can't use it .
do not buy this item ! it is a piece of junk . there is no belt clip included with this item .
came in horrible shape . ears were smashed in and it looked like a yr old painted it . would not recommend to anyone
la calidad del audio y el video no es muy buena , no lo recomiendo . hermes flores c .
quality is really bad . used few times and thats it . one of the inside coil got burned and becomes useless .
i was disappointed in the containers because they arrived with missing pieces to the stopper and the porcelain arrived cracked .
very cheap plastic . looks much better in the package . sharp edges not smooth edges at all . absolute junk ! don't bother .
weird story with two different story lines . the spelling is awful ! someone should have proof read this story before publication .
stopped working in two days . don't waste your money .
very time consuming to get the tips lined up so they would roll out instead ended up sending back .
came from amazon , is weak , never reaches pressure , had to put the old head back that one actually works better
expected an action movie and got a blend of a low quality movie that tries doing everything and provides nothing
if you can fit into a standard us medium shirt , you should probably order a double extra large from this brand .
i was not impressed or enticed to see more . sorry . there are so many more bbc shows that are better .
product did not fit samsung galaxy tab . as stated . had to return .
there are a lot of good books out thee by former astronauts . this isn't one of them .
very poor fit for the nokia . it doesn't hold well either .
not as cute as i had hoped , not very comfortable either . they look really cheap in person .
poor sound , sounded like a tunnel , good ear protection radio was poor , could not here radio over lawn mower mower
i returned this one . the shaft is tight , and it doesn't have the typical ugg lining . color was good , though .
this timer is too complicated to program . after months it stopped timing completely and just left the light on .
it was fine , sturdy , no problems until i tried to move it across the room . legs collapsed .
copyright , . not worth it !
the book was rather boring . none of the characters had any redeeming qualities . it just wasn't a well told story .
i used it for less than a day , and it collapsed very fast . i do not recommend it to people .
does not stick to screen very well lifted off after about a month .
this book did not come with diagrams and was very difficult to follow . i was not pleasedwith this purchase .
decent stories , but far too many grammar and syntax errors to be an enjoyable read . . . . . .
the picture shook throughout the whole movie . very poor quality . i bought it , didn't rent it . we were very disappointed .
cute for price
didn't need it .
if you need something to pass the time it maybe ok , however , it doescut it as a good read .
i think it's okay but it's pretty boring . i read the reviews and i agree with some of them . this game sucks !
i did not like yahoo weather i have already deleted off my kindle . weather channel is much better more info .
i here by declare that it shall be zero stars i here by declare that it shall be zero stars
very disappointed in this movie . with all these guys together it should have been great and instead it was lame !
only wrong size ! i did measure my machine . but still got the wrong one ! after i got the right size . fantastic tote ! lorrie
i did not like the product it made my phone to fat and rather not buy it again . dont buy
buying the safer silicon one instead .
this paper is strictly for laser printer . ink just smears on inkjet printers . i wasted my money on this one .
too sappy . pretty much knew the ending . very easy to skip through . not really a mystery . murder she didn't write .
this was not as expected ! you must purchase it to try it then it doesn't work . poor workmanship ! not recommended !
it's nice to have a . sweet love story for a change . i felt like i was part of the story .
has ratcheting up an item's shipping cost really become the way to increase product revenue through amazon ?
this movie turned out to be some strange soft porn with subtitles and would not recommend it to anyone ever .
item was canceled by me . it was the wrong item i ordered , therefore i never received it .
very interested in this product . is there any way to see what songs artists are featured on the record ? thanks , susan
uses scripture , but not true biblical counseling . adds psychology . many true life experiences . okay book . easy to read . group study available .
each of my girls got one of these last year . neither worked after days .
i can't believe this trash made the new york times best seller list . waste of time and money . don't bother .
would rather it have been what dean koontz writes . queenie chan ruined it with her comic look .
i bought this item for my chevy colorado and it doesnt even fit . i shall be returning it today
i hate this game so much . i will eat my sister and then throw her up over and over again
stupidkindle cant record so this is stupid if i could give it zero stars i would it is soooooooooooo ssssssstttttttuuuuuuuupppppppppiiiiiiiiiiiiiiddddddddddddddddd
characters are so fake and storyline so predictable . with the great reviews i didn't expect it to be nearly as boring
the case was nice , but it did not fit my phone and its pretty annoying . i didn't enjoy my purchase
be sure you are purchasing the correct product . supplier idigtoys will only accept returns within days of purchase .
it gave me gas and hart bran and it did nobething the pills wasn't what i thout it would be
i don't like these sandals , too small and i got blister from wear this just an afternoon .
i like this app because it is not a new and improved and not so so special like some apps
the phone case broke after two days of being on my phone and the purple pretty much just washed off .
broke within two weeks . disappointed !
i really love the style and material , but the dress is too small . will have to return for larger size .
the system transmitter broke after days of use . i'm in the process of getting a refund .
very disappointing . unpleasant vignettes . undeveloped plot characters . this reader was left with nausea and shudders . i do not recommend this book !
it hurts me to write this , but i couldn't read it . most disappointing . i have nothing else toad to this .
cheap looking not worth it
i bought six but each vessel was written best by oct !
watching young people killing each other is not something i agree with . the whole movie is ridiculous and not entertaining .
and now a charge will last a day or so . before charges would last several days . fyi .
sucked
not a good product will not hold a charge or even recognize when a charger is plugged into the phone
returned parts missing . flimsy .
bass is distorted . wanted to return until i was advised that there was an up to percent restocking fee .
could have been nice but came broken
i purchased shoes for my first trip wore to work for testing very very cheap n faux leather gone .
not happy that this turned my poor son's half sister green ! inexpensive doesn't have to mean cheap but this is !
used it once and the next day , the power would not come on . not sure this was a smart buy .
my perception is very inspirational and motivational yes , you can , succeed as introvert many examples citedbut missing more on how to
wont stay up
the print quality from this cartridge is terrible the ink has streaked from the very day i installed it .
it started falling off within mins after posting it on the wall . i waste for this crap nothing .
a beautiful song , ruined by perhaps the worst voice ever recorded commercially . nothing else to say , except nasal , nasal , nasal .
fits like a x i'm still waiting on my return label
this album sucks . , the only good thing about this album is the cover .
why does one have to write a book with obscene language in it i was totally turned offed by this
listen to the other reviews . it's cute but i'll crack in a month . i wouldn't buy it again . so disappointed .
i would hope with the th anniversary of the great war this book will be published with an english edition ? !
product didnt cool laptop very well , sent back ,
terrible . did not fit the note . i would put money it was made for the original note and purposely mismarked .
like most solution manuals , the explanations are weak . nevertheless , it can be helpful when you get stuck on a problem .
it's not very big and it looks kind of weird but other than that it makes good christmas gifts .
i chose this because i enjoy reading books about the amish . i would recommend it to any of my friends .
this was a stupid movie . the acting wasn't very good and i did not care about the characters at all .
too large to use in the office
only worked for a week
poor construction , the lid does not close well and the hinges stick out the back and are rather sharp . dissapointed .
would not order again .
the original one is bigger and the phone fits better . last time i buy this product .
it usually quits playing a cd after about minutes . its only use is as a radio . it's basically trash .
be aware ! not as shown at all ! not stand pci slot size . very disappointed . the price was ok though . l
definitely not worth the . this dvd was barely minutes long !
ear piece is too large and will not stay in ear . have not used the batteries . would not reccommend this product .
size width was not as listed . not even inches wide . could only be used as a scarf . hate it .
so so game , done it once can't do it again because the plumber is wiggling that big booty . oh well
remote deos not respond when buttons are pushed , tv slow to start . do not buy this tv . thanks for reading .
very cheaply made , pins ripped out before it could even be used . wasted money . would not buy this brand again .
had duplicate pieces abut did not include a single full puzzle . that is all i have to say about this .
enjoyed ! good presentation of winnie s feelings and worries . kept my interest . the story flowed . star rating would be a five stars .
book is not worth the paper it is written on . a piece of you know what . do not buy it .
a bit like an old fashion push lawn mower as compared with a gas powered lawn mower . it works sort of .
i was under the impression that they were ray ban and they were not , so i am sending them back
this stuff is a crock . great idea , psyched to try it , such a let down . please don't waste your money !
not really what i was looking for . ineeded more simple instructionsand help with painting onwood , too confussing for me .
ram caused a kernel panic let me down . product was promptly returned . owc ram might be a better product .
it doesnt work takes forever to dry and is left sticky . peeled off after a hour of putting it on
save your money . the content in this book is slim to say the least . it's not worth the money . sorry .
ordered this for my grandaughter and it lets her play for about seconds then wants me to purchase more
the android operating system is greek , that's why i gave it a
and cannot download to an ipad wow double wow no more can be said . irony . very poor release of book
more of a neon lime green than yellow !
phone rejected the battery , said it wasn't genuine so it refused to boot up .
this book is a huge disappointment . i barely chuckled a time or two . save your money . look for another book .
died after a week , i did all the direction , didn't help .
i'm getting tired of all the network bs . watch hbo . nothing on the networks is worth it !
bright light , but it fell apart after shooting some rounds in a row , it was on my pap m .
it would help if i had the item to be able to review it . i have not received this item .
it is ceap and broke the first day bad quality never want to buy any more no recomended to buy
to bulky . does not help the sleek look of the galaxy note , keeping it only because i paid for it .
there is no instruction to tell how to play the gamethere fore it is usless a waste of money
it does not charge th ephone like it should . it has only works at times .
come on , nikon , just supply it with the grip . the asking price is a joke .
didn't like the recipes in this one just not our taste .
i expected more with this table . assembly instructions are not too clear and the final result is just ok .
some are to hard not so fun for kids more for adults get kids opinion the ananda paz good luck
its not real but i made it in to a key chain so not a complete loss i guess .
no french vanilla taste . will not buy again .
'you should learn to use a computer' . 'internet is a very useful tool' . dont waste your time .
it was okay but not i really wanted so i will not order it again at this time or never
the picture did not show up on the recipient's email . all that was seen was the amount and card number .
more of that power radio driven rock . no organic feel . it just feels fake . plastic rock .
go to libreoffice . org and download it . this is open source software and charging for it defeats the purpose of open source
it is slow , crashes , or closes ofter , reverts to home and the place you were .
only works when plugged in . the battery is simply not good enough . otherwise the wifi component works really well .
this does not fit a galaxy s . the phone doesn't even fit in the case . junk !
this unit does not fit in my phone . tossed it awaytried to use on blackberry phone ! tossed into the trash
i love the look of the watch but i have to return it . i wish i worked but it doesn't .
glasses looks like they were made for kids , the vendor states fits over most prescription glass they didn't on mine
very cheap , doesn't even snap on to phone . seemed to be warped , very disappointing .
i'm really disappointed with this product . it seems to give a random and inaccurate reading every time . waste of money .
stupid and childless
it came broken and i returned it . it looked a little cheap if you ask me . definitely not worth .
very dirty not clean very disappoint i don t like all the time after use have water drop after use
for its tedious pacing , this butchered h . p . lovecraft story might have been watchable if the actors could act or speak .
shoes are very thin and light weight , but fit too tight for a . . i would not recommend this item
no where near as durable as promoted . played street ball twice and it's already wearing down . i wouldn't recommend it .
junk ! will not work on dogs . cost me . in shipping and handling to find out it did not work .
when you load it , quicken will not allow registration . books and forms promised from online are not available to user .
down loaded but not able to read . only able to read the review on the book . not actual book . sad
arrived broken
muchas gracias por su servicio estoy muy complacido q este nuevo a ntilde o les traiga mucho mas exito q los anteriores .
stickers are good idk if they technically reflexive . just pay attention to the shipping and handling . what a rip off .
ok but kind of expensive for a three inch pic .
not for what's advertised for ! wrong information , very disappointed ! don't buy this product for your galaxy tap .
these heads won't stay on the handle as you brush your teeth . pay a little more for the authentic ones !
the produce received was black and was polar fleece , but that's where it ends . not the same shape or stitching
it is not as i expected also it came with other color than i choiceand small in size
this was a terrible product and the price just low enough to make it not worth the hassle of returning .
this thing is not real gold and its a scam . do not buy this crap keep your money . im dissapointed
would not work with my hp j all in one .
won't stay in toon . at all . it looks pretty good but don't buy this expecting to play it . gag gift .
by looking at design it looks very attactive but in real it is not at all good very cheap plastic .
can't even fit on my year old daughters wrist and she isn't fat !
the top part of these water bottles is not well made they cracked after only several months use .
i ordered cobra prod . pst large diameter mini tubing cutterbut received cobra prod . pst pvc cable sawthey did not respond to emails .
did not work poor reception at home or on the boat plain old rabbitt ears worked better than this thing
the nippers look nice and appear to be well made . unfortunately they are dull and do not do the job .
didn't care for it . didn't realize how short the story would be . didn't expect interracial couple either ok ok ok
this is the best most action filled strategy game in history
i am following directions , and after a month don't see any results . two bottles left , hope i eventually see results .
the device refused to sync with my wii . i don not recommend it . avoid it and try some other brand .
too small .
low low , not worth reading . couldn't get very far in this story . uh , was it a story ? would not recommend it
i ordered two and one of them had been used . there was dirt coming from the ear in it . disgusting !
get two or three days use from each compared to a week from other brands . definitely disappointing . will not repeat purchase
it keeps crashing when launching . i actually paid for this app before it was faotd . developer is completely unresponsive ! terrible .
very thin blades , the handles are not rivetted , the blade wobbles if i try to cut something hard .
i don't think this works i'd rather have the smell
a disappointing book .
hi , this shirt was a gift for my wife . she doesn't like it . sweat is embarrasing . don't recommend . don't buy it .
charges phone fine but cannot get radio to wake to music . only static won't stay on chosen radio station . very annoying !
been a neil young fan for proably years but this is to much for the average working person .
these are so poorly made , in fact one is already broken . don't waste your money .
installation instructions nonexistent . no pictures or anything . if you install this all the time i suppose it would be ok .
it won't let u see your downloads that have downloaded already and its a waste of memory on your kindle
we don't care for it . we liked the origianal taste . this tasted too sweet and not enough lasting flavor .
only a keychain , too small in the handgot fooled by the picturemore details should be there for the product
it's hard to break into the shoes . i have worn them many times and they still hurt , still stiff .
five stars for this bookit was awesome and weird . it is not scary either . nothing disturbingi love it a lot
not as good of a cleaner as i was expecting , i will not be buying this product again .
i'd give it star if possibleit is tk a , not tk as stated in the title . returned
i only got white pink and yellow i'm still missing three more and like wtf
doesn't deliver what is promised on its item description . it is a copy and paste directly from its wiki page .
thomas greanias did d . c . before and better with the atlantis prophecy ! the atlantis prophecy
boring didn't even get through the first page and i deleted it . don't waste your time , unfortunately read better actually
to pair with is a forever process so be very patient when you pair takes many times . it does work .
the app wasn't worth the download . it only lowered settings on my kindle to low and blasted loud unclear music .
the nikon d battery actually does not fit in this charger . totally bummed because the price rocks for the charger .
very cheap ! avoid these at all costs . inexpensive is a good thing . but these are just cheap ! break very easily .
would not recommend this product , i wore it times tore around ear when putting it on , would never buy another , cheap workmanship
forget this book . if you want an alternative gettysburg , read harry turtledove's quot guns of the south quot instead .
a bit staticy
just another amp free amp game that limits how much you can play in the hopes that you will pay them money .
table has uneven bounce . i had table from sears which had better bounce that this table .
the attitude of how wonderful the open society had become belies the truth and hardship . too mundane . liberal wishful thinking .
to be honest , i only watched a little and that was enough for me . not at all what i expected .
we have purchased this product several times and now the cut is different . very disappointed .
the laser doesn't work and very poor quality . the batteries are fine , i put them in another laser .
did not last very long days ! advertised as a super strong protection it did not live up to it !
non of the feelings are right . boringggggggg . all i can say is mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . . my advice is do not buy .
i love the author and what he has to say , but the production was poorly done in my estimation .
could not get a connection to last for more then minutes . bad receiption . bad unit .
would be better if the string was not broken still new and she will not talk one disapointed little girl
mine did not work either ! i want my money back and have not gotten a response yet !
this is total garbage save your money
those are not k i did not last a month so i cheated bad trader q i am from venezuela
magnolia belle plunges the reader immediately into a dangerous journey , frinds and editing others in deep shit !
these are not authentic campagnolo wheels . perhaps the fact that they spell the manufacturers name incorrectly might tip you off .
wrong size or the wrong product . to much hassle to send it back . i bought the right one somewhere else .
this agnes luszcek should step up their game sadly all of their apps pretty much stink . make a good game .
i think it work well we just install it the other day would buy another one all so looks good
this book was so boring i didn't even finish it , was a wast of time and money .
too big cannot be sized since every link is sealed and there are no screws or link pins to adjust
yahtzee on my iphone is much better . the scores are too hard to track . maybe if the dice were smaller .
not a big help
all you do ls drag your ringer it is vary boring its the game your grandpa would play every day
i cannot use my tech stuff with these gloves . doesn't work with my devices . this was a totally useless purchase .
not certified by apple , doesnt work after a day . your iphone can't support it .
this could only be used for halloween . it bleeds red color on your hands and everthing it touches . not happy .
this product did not get rid of the fleas . they disappeared for a few days but we still have them .
this book came well advertised , said this would hold my attention . was very disappointed in the book and lost interest
terrible product . it doesnt snap on to the phone . but that's what you get for . or whatever it was .
i bought it cos was cheap . i sold it alreadyit did work as i expected
not enough features to continue guessing the word . game ends before you can really get started . just not fun ! sorry !
jodi arias . nothing more to say ! pleas save your money or better yet donate the money to travis arias family .
they send me wrong pruduct . want for p , they send p problem is very big because live in turkey
it was find of to the point . mostly common knowledge . for the price could have had multiple plans and bom .
extremely slow to boot and run , only run it when i absolutely have to run a program that requires windows .
not worth it . pass on the baby pool until your child is bigger . too difficult to hold them . just awkward overall .
this has served me well , but it's already falling apart , when i have had others that have lasted much longer .
the detaile was very bad but the plug did fit nice and right and keeps the dirt out . .
the color is good , it's really really dry , your lip will be cracked within couple hours after put it on .
why ? i needed individually wrapped bags . the listing should really day bags per package . highly disappointing and basically useless to me .
waiting to collection whole series .
does nothing waist of money . this product is a waist of money do not buy . do not buy ! do not buy !
does what it says but poorly , hard to use , reception poor .
blanked out on me had return a refund
i did not like the watch , i returned it . did not feel it was worth the price .
for those of you looking for a tomee brand controler this is actually a retrolink controller .
beware ! please look at the other reviews also . this umbrella does not have the nyc subway map imprinted on it .
info is good , better in a book there are so many places you would like an easy delete . very needed .
david pelham has done it again ! clever and complex pop ups , delightful presentation of numbers .
the head lights are nice but one doesn't work tried to contact seller no reply . don't buy
do not buy this product . not worth . , all thirty pads equal one good pad .
i did appreciate the easy return process and print your own label . product is not for my thick course hair .
i got only ten needles not ten packs of needles witch i thought and it says pc so don't buy
had no idea that this happened here in the united states . shocking that children were treated like chattel . very interesting story .
bag is too small not what i expected from the picture . it is not a practical bag to use .
worse piece of crap i've ever bought ! i was only able to salvage butterfliesjust flat out junk pile of crsp
i dont like this shoes , i bought them and i dont wear it . material looks very cheap
i received the watch and it is not diamonds as it says in the listing . it has crystals . buyer beware .
i like michael phillips as an author and have the carolina cousins series . i liked never too late a lot .
really didn't like this book and did not finish it . just really couldn't get into the rest of this book .
the storyline has no credibility . parts of the logical progression are completely missing making it difficult to follow and unbelievable
the slot for the compensator doesn't fit . seems like it might make a decent backscratcher , but i'm returning it .
i did not like it too cheaply madedid not worki wish i had my money back threw it away
it product varies from color to color . some are cotton green . the charcoal ones are on cotton .
lasted like a week . don't waste your money just buy one that you know will work . . . . .
this product was not what i expected . my daughter's kindle did not fit into the case . i return the case .
no colmo expectativas , corto y con final previsible . sin ninguna sorpresa . el tema de la eutanasia tra iacute do de los pelos .
the plot is not very believable
it worked for days , then it stopped working . i had followed the instructions simple and am quite disappointed now .
product didn't work for me . i tried putting it on longer thicker . still no good . will not try veet products again .
this costume sucks and it looks fake not as picture ! dont recommend it do noot buy this crap ! smh .
not only was it impossible to fit everything through but then the thing broke while struggling to put it on .
didn't like it at all sent it back not worth the money . didn't realize there's a restocking fee . bad choice
did not fit my samsung galaxy correctly . did not line up with charger , earphone slots , etc . waste of money
only one plate , one cup and onr bowl arrived and they didn t even match .
the product was different from what i usually buy at the store . it was gummy and hard to work with .
this is a game for fans of any doom . a item on any fan boy list . get it . get it .
really pathetic experience . stopped working just within a week . not expected this type of performance .
the air mattress started to leak air after one month of use which was just outside the window for returns
the hose itself is thick and sturdy . however , the metal fittings at each end are poorly made and leak .
supposed to be extra hard no way too soft very disappointed you need at least three pillows to be hard
these don't work with screen protector on the kindle . unable to use them at all . wouldn't order them again ever
if i could give it zero stars i would . threw it in the trash , not even worth sending it back .
i wanted a current atlas . this was very dated and old . i did not see that when i chose it .
sides don't click into place and hold properly . required bending metal strip around end pieces with pliers . wouldn't buy again .
the bumper sticker was really small . and it didn't stick well . can hardly see it on our van . very disappointing
poor construction comes apart after a short period of use . it would be fine for someone who needs occasional traction though .
interesting topic , unusual narrative style but ultimately quite disappointing
it is not useful almost imposible to adjust , i do not recomend it for nothing . no fine tuning is posible .
the colors in this magic color mat is terrible thye don't show up . very disappointed in crayola in this product .
added app and coincidentally deleted all email from in box then proceeded to alert me like crazy ! waste of time !
text is comprehensive , but format is not optimumthere are limited practical examples that if present would assist in comprehension
horrid . horrid . whorid . horrid . horrid . horrid . do i have enough words yet ? horrid . horrid . horrid . horrid . there . enough words now .
they haven't bloomed yet . i will let you know . they are just babies now . i can't wait to see them .
fifty nih ioppp mhuygfr bbbbfgvcd yes no how book look took dog cat deer dear glass car truck house person .
the color is not what is pictured on the internet . i returned the coverlet . color is difficult on the internet .
i haven't been able to watch a full show yet . keeps shutting down . don't waste your time on this app .
cheap . runs big xl is more for a size . plenty of stretch .
bubbles against my under screen protector . could be the protector but i those were not cheap either , nice case thou .
some of this i already know and some of them are not tongue twisters so i did not like it
smaller than i thought .
it's confusing and very hard to use . i would not get this book , because it is not worth it at all .
weird story and seemed very overdone . character and plot development a bit lacking and not very believable . would not recommend .
didnt sound like any version of the beatles i have hurd may have been another group . i hope this helps
i love pinterest but the app for the kindle fire is horrible . only works of the time . please fix
i bought only have received , those have already ripped , placed duck tape .
book only had one page for all of ireland and very poor quality of information at that . do not purchase .
these jokes are terrible never get this app ! i'm not joking people
just a dumb light porn movie . no story to speak of or interesting characters . not even good porn . look elsewhere .
not worth the price for scented water . gets pretty expensive , but thought i'd give it a try .
same redundant scenes as book one and two . waste of time . could have wrapped this up in the first book .
i still have not got my book ! i need it for school . and i have been waiting for a while
i ordered wrong battery so i'll be returning it . according to caption information it appeared it would work in phone .
this show is geared towards the fantasy mind of pre teens . the characters are dimensional stereotypes . not for me . no .
only worked a week want a refund .
i stopped reading iti did not appreciate the relationship content
i hated this movie it did not stick to the plot a and johnny depp looks like a girl .
the expiration date should be clearly listed available . mine expires in weeks . sigh . . . .
the fit is awful poorly made awful material don't waste your money . . . . . . . .
this is one of the worst games i've played in my life . and i have nothing more to say .
these were advertized as cuticle scissors . was surprised when they arrived as nail scissors . too heavy thick for that . my mistake ?
don't buy this book , it refers to applications written in early ' . today it is completely a different story .
quantity too small .
this book is geared towards small children . not what i expected . nothing wrong with it , but it is very juvenille .
i downloaded a video from the app but it ddidnnt go to my videos . it sucks dont get it ! realy .
terrible . won't hold air after just two uses . you get what you pay for i guess . avoid this air mattress .
u got this expendsion pack . got most of the stuff except for the land . i am not happy about this !
unfortunately this product didn't work for me . it made my digestion symptoms worse for some reason , but loved the taste .
too large .
fans perform up to high expectations . particularly like the bright overhead lights . much more useful than fixtures they replace . thanks
this software is not mac osx compatible . it comes with two cds with windows software , and a dvd .
didn't work well , poor quality
i don't like this book at all because the recipes are not good at all .
the story was predictable , but well written
i actually really liked the sandal . the only problem was that the right sandal was bigger than the left one .
an obviously low budget . quick moneymaker for bruce willis . the movie had no substance . and the action was just ok . in short , don't bother !
el libro no es mas que un cuento en franc eacute s con ortograf iacute a fon eacute tica . creo que hay mejores maneras de aprender .
made me unbalanced so big as to be uncomfortable . i am sending them back because i am not satisfied . sorry
like the style . don't care for a sandal that is made of suede . very un comfortable . looks cheap . don't purchase .
only good thing was the price . this book made absolutely no sense and seemed to constantly repeat itself through out .
horrible , horrible , horrible . order a different frame . don't try to save money , this is frame is garbage . xxxx xxx x
his first book . not up to his other novels . why publish when it's so bad ? waste of time and money .
this dog was not nearly as cute as the picture . disappointed because of how much i paid for this dog .
smaller than what i needed .
i really hate it . no alerts , emails anything .
the tip broke off on both ends first time i used it . wasn't worth the money . not very well made .
total wast of money . it is so thin and did not hold the mattress .
too tight and very hard to remove .
los bombillos alumbran bien pero el balastro dejo de funcionar a las pocas semanas de haberlo puesto en funcionamiento .
later , its still not working right , hasn't since about day like the others . fed up fighting for replacements . junk !
cheap it fell apart of months of usage
waste of my money didn't work with my ipad
the supplier did not response on my complainthey provided larger size which lead me to through it in the trash
these pants fit more like a size eight rather than a four . i will need to return these pants . thanks
it doesn't even deserve one star . it stays on the home screen and didn't change . it's not worth the cent
silly romance novel in disguise .
i don't like the way they hook . i would rather have the regular silver ones . they bend too easy . sorry
not at all what i was expecting . it's big and bulkie . not something i would purchase again , or recommend ever .
quality was not good and was not a family movie . lots of crude humor that was not appropriate for children .
attractive idea for guitar amplifier corners , but adhesive is not safisfactory to keep corners in place expecially in warm climates .
this product did not function as received . i am currently waiting for a replacement following my call to custome support .
some of the jewels were not attached . i can glue them myself , but just wanted to state .
where the battery holder snaps together it breaks and the light falls to the ground , would not recommend until fixed
this item is for primary grades . my th graders thought it was the dumbest activity i could have given them .
can't figure it out . i have tryed many times . far as i am concern you can take it off .
i would not recommend these glasses to anyone they seem very cheaply made do not fit over my glasses correctly .
what a rip off ! crazy where was my brain to pay so dearly !
it is okay but i wish the parts came apart . otherwise it is a good book to teach kids on .
it did not fit my sofa i had to ship it back .
item did not work . i tried it on several computers , with the same results . i can not recomend this product .
sent me wrong part ! this item is not compatible with hyundai veracruz . need to update on this item . thanks
not what i expected . i tried a few of the receips but didnt care for them . would not recommend to anyone . thank you
i do not like this product because you can not fully open it , otherwise would be just fine . .
at what point is enough , enough ? does this industry really think it's loyal customers are just fodder ?
this case is not worth the money . it broke on me twice . i will not go with this company again
i tried for hours to get this to work but i couldn't . ended up re installing the comcast same model wireless router .
this product did not work . no change at all .
complete crap . broken in nearly every way possible . a total waste . hard to believe this is an official nfl product .
advertised as youth size , but actually adult sized . informed seller but never saw any changes . order these boots with caution .
these didn't last for much time at all . they also make dark marks on the hood . i was disappointed overall .
breaks too easy
was not anti glare , and couldn't get rid of the bubbles . not expensive , but i essentially had to throw it away .
this is junk . the fans last about hrs then start making horrible noise . dont waste your money . dont buy
although a challenge to break the code , this game seems too repetitive and perhaps juvenile to give it much time .
this did nothing to help me loose weight . all it did was make me constipated . . total waste of money
one of the all time worst bands ever . hopefully they will realize this and not but out another cd .
unfortunately i did not like this cover . it's to hard to put in and to take out of the phone .
im size small for all product inclusively x small but this item is too small for me is very little
well for weeks then crapped the bed . audio still worked but video was all grainy .
not as advertised . not rainbow loom brand refills . not the same quality as rainbow loom . inconsistent thickness and poorly joined .
tried it and had fun playing . now i am ready for something new .
these are too small and tight i want my money back . these are not the i have worn before
tray does not rotate when cards are placed in the tray .
dry and scratchy , i may have to heat it up before i try to use it again . colors are nice
small
already knew information in book . our account had informed us of much of this as well as our financial advisor .
my child read this book he loved the illistrations but hated the story . ! insted i got the good movie sostitanic .
who can actually think this is funny ? this is so lame . horrible show . you people need a life .
this cover does not fit inch tablet the color is pretty , but pretty isn't why we ordered it .
this own broke within a week if purchasing it leaving ink all in my work shirt and ruining it . x
these are incompatible with the new jaybird bluebuds x sport bluetooth headphones . just as other users have now reported . blast !
i bought a reconditioned mod . shaver . i get better shaves using a dull razor .
quit working after a few weeks . disappointed with the quality and ended up throwing it away after it got wet .
non of the recharging equipment in this package works . neither does the usb cable .
beyond unrealistic . more of a story about vengeance than about running . not bad , just not good .
we tried this monitor but it did not work consistently . the static was really awful !
i liked skip bo and spite and malice card games . downloaded this app . and installed it . it will not workd .
i found the characters thinly drawn and to story predictable . i wouldn't recommend it . nothing more need to be said .
acceptable beginning
when are they going to make a dock that you can use with the cover on ? make it adjustable , period .
for it's price , i do think this product is so so even it is not expensive .
has visible bubble in odometer that should have been disclosed before sold . it looks like the screen is coming apart .
runs out of ink very quickly
bought of these in anticipation of getting our iphones and the shield keeps bubbling . useless
looks and works good except after a couple months the leds are half burned out . looking for an alternative bulb .
written like a high school term paper . too much bread and not enough meat for more mature appetites . very superfluous .
i had to send these back the same day i received them . one of the ear pieces did not work .
does not work . would be great if it had worked but worked once and hasn't since thenmaybe just a dud ?
i needed another piece apparently in order to make the repair . now i have to start all over ! this really sucks !
great receiver , sadly the cool features don't work on zone . so i have fm radio .
the shoe rack was a little less well made than i expected . i'm not crazy about light weight plastic products .
nice shoes but large size is too small for my son .
all i had to do was look at the pica and just from that i didn't look cool at all
worthless . don't know why anyone would buy this . was very disappointed . don't know what i expected , but definitely did not like .
although i at first loved her novels , with this one , she is getting a little too violent for my taste .
you made it really complicated . i couldn't find out where the button was to take a picture of the princess .
the title says it all but more words is required so i must add this short note here .
this product is really small and it doesnt conceal any of my blemishes doesnt have good pigmentation it creases fast
i ordered of rj cat e p c crimp connector solid , pcs per bag i received foot coax cable
this game was garbage it kept skipping like an old record in bad shape . i can not even use it .
the circle and print never turned black , the print stayed gray . would have been great if the print was black .
perfect for smoothies but frequently crack . not very sturdy . some were cracked right out of the package . i was disappointed
it's beautiful but looses about minutes in hrs . we are sending it back and ording another to try .
i had no idea these would be so small ! just know these are not long and are just small feathers .
these do not for my jawbonetoo loosethey just keep falling offguess i just need anotherjawbone sigh
i wasn't expecting this to be such a cheaply made product . and what's worse is it looks even cheaper . disappointment .
this no button is the worst app ever made ! you would have to be an idiot to like this dumb button !
its alright nothing speciali though it would have more informationi will like to look into it morethank you !
bought this online then found then for . at the local store . go shop around you'll get a better sea
most of the things you can get for free . don't waste your time and money . better off reading your manual
i was maybe a little disappointed with this book . it left a few gaps for me so not so great sorry
does not like it at all wheel does not spine mateiral is very bad i will not buying this again .
this game is fun just to show people as a laugh , but it loses its charm after about seconds .
coffee is great , but it leaks . i cannot figure out why . if someone knows , i'd love to hear your trick !
snowbound was ok . nothing special or remarkable . a few days after reading it i can barely remember what it was about .
this order was not complete . only received of the pkg ordered . i was very disappointed .
i was promised a size ring and received a ring that fit my pinky finger . i was very disappointed .
one word , squeaks
got this to run two lines only one side worked i would not buy this waste of money the end
the case comes apart after a month of using itthe case is so pretty but peels from the shell
thank you for getting those pj's here in time for xmas and in time for this frigid weather we're having !
they got me the wrong stuff it doesn't even say liquid silk . it say maximus
. however amazon did refund the purchase price . i liked 'gone girl' and was looking forward to reading this title too .
this jacket was really small im sendimg it back and pray to god i get the right size this time
product didn't last . the wind got it and shredded it . worthless .
it started to rip apart like a cheap t shirt after just months of usage ! worst cover i ever bought .
read product carefully ! it is instant coffee ! it is not what you are used to . thanks amazon you rock !
who would give this stars ? ! if any parent is using this book to raise a child shame on you !
because it broke when i tried to connect it it to my tv . it is junk don't buy it
this is a cheap plastic product . completely rubbish . if it cost cents to make it would be too much .
this is a very bad product no one should buy it ! , when i really need some light it's not working
extremely cheaply made product . the pictures made it appear to better than it is . basically it is just a toy
the spanish subtitles doesn't exist , because , i bought this movie and the only subtitles are english and french .
these shoes are very cute but hurt my feet . may be too small although it is my usual size .
doesn't work . very disappointment ! i wish i listened to others reviews . just make a sound of a vacuum ! not good !
the cloth ripped on the first day ! didn't help with anxiety at all !
i expected some discoloration over time but not seven two weeks and the case turned yellow . not worst it .
it dont blow air . it lights up , but it dont blow air !
broke right away . i am finally convinced that the best replacement ear buds are going to be from apple .
i bought this for my son he didn't like it at all . he wants one with a better screen .
boring game ! worst app ever do not get it ! it sucks ! horrible app neva eva get it worst app ever
movie is not related with christmas . they should have that on the descriptions . we already had this movie .
the idea behind the books is great , however , the books themselves are not great .
the print was way to small for this senior to read and understand . just couldn't make this book it work .
it does stay attached to the phone good . it opens often . is there one that stays closed ?
i waited for over a month to get this , and then it didn't even work for my phone .
i dident like it because a day after i got it stared pealing and it got dirty so very quick
it did nothing for me . not happy wth results after days don't buy this product if u want results
this does not work on xbox ! don't purchase unless you are using the older version . son very disappointed
i installed the control board and it ran through one load and became intermittant . now the board is completely inop .
the case was cracked when i received it and had to glue it . this was what i would consider unacceptable !
piece of junk broke mins into using it ! avoid this item !
pretty colour but work bowl will not come off .
i tried to return these because they dont fit , but it would have cost . to return so i havent
cheaply made , broke while putting it on my phone , exterior case was sticky and collected everything from lint to hair .
it crashed and now i can't figure out how to get it off my kindle . frustrating to say the least .
not funny , waste of time , i can't belive i paid for this they should pay me to watch it , wow
very hard for me to review something i never received . i paid for it but i never received it .
there is no challenge , unless you are an interior decorator . i can't find any challenge to just move color swatches around .
there is very little instruction . i tried for about a week to get into it and it just didnt happen
watch box was bent out of shape and watch battery was dead on arrival . not worth the money . don't bother .
my old batteries are still better .
these are like hard erasers on nylon cord . i can't even put them on so the emblem is showing outward .
it does not work at all !
dont waste your money on this item . flimsy case , will not protect the phone at all .
was not very impressed with this game . removed it from my kindle after playing one round , very difficult to navigate .
gets boring if u get bored easyliy i don't regimens this game my oppinion but every body else loves it
thought it was very poor and not for me .
absolute failure . i could go into detail , but i don't want to waste my time .
it don't work when i connect them to the battery . it don't work when i connect them to the battery .
excellent fit but it won't stick ! i followed the very brief instructions and i still can't see what i missed .
difficult book to get into . i really loved her other books so was disappointed when this one didn't grab me
this is not helpful to methis pris whil not fit on my beybladebut they are wer mered good and bad
the game is so basic with so many cars that are not your common everyday vehicles . it gets old quick .
please do not buy this film cause it is the worst movie that i have ever watched .
does not fit x pool . very disappointed . hardly fit inside pool . was way short .
since i cannot write what i wish here all i can say is negative negative . not what you think negative
stings but does not enlarge your lips . guess nothing does but injections , but still we keep believing these advertiser's lies .
don't buy this product it's x's too small .
i did not like this app very well . what may work for some doesnot always work for others . thanks anyway amazon !
doesn't offer much .
the whole book like pages long . i could have gotten better advise from a dd grader . waste of money !
not very happy because the stone was missing
got one of these . it does not work with gta or ff x . waste of money
you cannot charge the phone while this cover is on . it is not compatible with the charger . inexpensive but useless .
when received only got drivers side assembly , no passenger side . sent item back for refund .
love the pattern , made a fantastic bag , so useful , sewed very easily . used different types of material with excellent results
the case didn't fit . the buttons didn't line up with those on the kindle . and , it smelled awful . returned it .
by far the worst book or short story she has written . a real dissapointment
it burned out the first night . i guess you get what you pay for . not worth the hassle to replace .
got it for father's day uhm . yea guess i'm not a good dad
listening to this is like eating a mouthful of cotton candy with a sliver of steak . just wrong , just terribly wrong .
stone was dark grey almost black in color . no luster . sent it back . i received full refund minus shipping .
net is too coarse and not tight enough
very good book ! however a little confusing but her good ! the illustrations are very well detailed ! really enjoyed this book
do not install this game is not at all like a tcg and doesn't even have understandable cards or gameplay .
i am interested in volunteer opportunities in the us . this book is geared for more volunteer opps around the world .
music box broke after turning it twice . sending it back ! this is a poor quality musical toy . do not buy !
it's a very nice bracelet however no mala bag came with it , it came with a plastic baggy though .
this brush have a very weird chemical smell that doesn't go away .
only received toothpaste . no toothbrush . so consider that while comparing prices . now i have to order a toothbrush . what a pain .
this maybe be just what your looking for , but i won't be making anything with the ideas from this book .
i did not like the design . more inconvenient to use that just direct plug in .
not real happy with them , need to try one size larger , did not expect this to work but tried anyway
doesn't work so great , we switched to a more traditional method of humidifying the cigar box . would not recommend it .
the bb's most be a little off in size , they caused my sons gun to get jammed , can't use them .
it was not what i expected , it was not easy to put together and did not fit properly at all .
started beautiful . turned yellow as i was warned it might , never could turn it around .
this game is very laggy on my kindle , the music doesn't stay muted , and it closes itself while i'm playing .
it kept falling off and did not adhere properly . do not get this product since it does not work well ! ugh
horrible . ask for your money back . i developed a tremor from the incompetent camera work . don't aware your precious time
be aware before buying , these are not regulation size , they are not miniature either . amazon was great about refunding me back
not so impressed
don't even feel like i'm hitting anything . big waste of money !
what a let down . story littered with sub plots , barely mentions the drown girl in the pool . would not recommend
see why this was the last season plots got old . sort of lost its edge , for me . disappointing !
this is not the same toothbrush as pictured . i recieved a newer design brush that is not as good .
boring no connect with the characters
his interpretation is wrong . probably doest know how to read either greek or hebrew . i want a refund . don't bother .
went into this book expecting a grizzly account of what happened but not so much . it was only so so .
the characters had potential , but just not a good enough story . i doubt if i will try this author again .
it needs multilayer mode . and trade screen is rubbish . make it so you can play friends that own the game .
no xxx , no busty , surprised that he recognized the ladies as asians at all . this book is awful . final warning !
used once and won't use again . expected to get tiny cubes of ice . got a handful of crushed ice . disappointing .
i tried to use this dvd in different dvd players and it didn't work . wasted
it works
these are being sold as clamps . what you receive is
this loader is awkward to fill and to use . i can reload my magazines much faster and easier by hand .
larger than excpectedlooks fakethe collar is tight
great pattern . flimsy stuffing , not worth the price paid . nothing more to write , nothing more too write nothing more to writ
i bought this and the shaft locks broke the first time i tried to use it . poor design or manufacture .
too thin . ok for second bathroom that isn't use too much . i think it will rip fairly easy . so so
would not buy again this is a cheap tool i make it work even thou it slips all the time
dumb game . not worth the money . . yeah i know its free . so much better apps out there for free
this is a piece of junk . the radio reception is terrible . fm is marginal and am is almost nonexistent .
top part of the plate flexes too much causing it to jam . the rest of it is pretty heavy duty .
not the best effort i've read . not believable in many aspects . too much time spent world building . plodding and wordy .
the trigger switch broke the thrid time i used it . poorly made .
just not for me . i played it on my kindle fire and it did not seem to work that well .
it was returned because the battery only get charge until , althoug i charged hours before the first use
did not work with my asus transformer
cord stoped working after two weeks very disappointed in the quality of the product would not recommend to any one
didn't work at all
this product is totally outdated . besides , i was unable to run it on a windows vista operatng system .
no ending
this is the worst no stupidest game i ever bought for free and i can't get rid of this game .
this product does nothing that it claims to . don't waste your time with this one . i already deleted this app .
i have this tv . good tv , great picture but manufacturer in bankruptcy and will not honor warranty on product .
these were interesting on line . in person they were just plain ugly .
no too soft for a kid , best buy speedo feel less roug an best antifog screen , your kids feel better
this dvd will not play in my dvd player . i did not understand the region . should send it back .
i have only used this sound machine for months and then one day it just stopped working !
it didn't work at all . i am not happy with this product
the game runs for minutes and crashes . was hoping for a rpg fix before neverwinternights . this is not it .
this is nothing how it looks on the photo . the quality is really bad . i m upset with my purchase .
i haven't used it and am not sure why i need it . utube seems to work ok without special software .
it was a silly story . i couldn't get through it ! it was a waste of my money buying it . wish i hadn't .
my free preview was only the first chapter
if you want prenatal vitamins do not buy these because these are simply a multi vitamin and the description is incorrect .
it was an ok book it was not as good as the movie i wish i didn't buy it
did not fix my problem with changing the climate control , unit itself was a direct fit was a correct match .
doesn't work . i tried to contact the creator but email didn't . work either . don't waste your time . very disappointing . thanks anyways
contrived and stilted
when i recieved it it was all wet , not in a box , not sealed up . cheap ! does not smell like knowing !
purchased this item in sept and in less than three months it died . used it only for couple shoots .
i bought two cartridges and they weren't recognized by my canon mx printer . i wasted my money on this order .
does not work well at all . continually goes into offline mode , so the radio is never available . thank god for pandora !
don't buy .
looks really cheap . not what i expected .
buy the real thing . this ran out of ink after about pages . what a waste of an effort , really !
they are to wide for me if it wasn't for that i would like them . i like the color real well .
it looked really cute but once i got it it was missing a beed and it's it's really poor quality
choppy and predictable . a fair read but not the best .
i wear a size womens so i purchased a size womens but fit like size in womens
this item can't snip a nail , or a piece of loose skin . it's worthless , and it's being returned right away .
starsi like it a lotit was very nicealso it was goodbut it was kinda stupidand it was very funny
this is a good scanner but it is only good for photo projects . using this scanner for paper is unwise .
this necklace was really beautiful but it broke within weeks but that's what you get for paying a cheap price
remote doesn't work . too difficult to mount ipad to device . poor speakers , sound ragged . tech service poor . would not recommend .
got the packeg but lt was dameag
who uses i'm anymore ? i didn't even realize it still exists . why not just text ? people always have their phones .
as others have said , cheap charging port broke and cannot be fixed . sticky from start and just kept getting worse .
sucks
somewhat to do i'm stuck . on for a week is b . s . the level wasn't even tested
dissappointed with this piece was a good deal but not user friendly and doesn't work and worth any
zagg has gone away from a great product . there are many alternatives out that are out there that are better .
i expected thors hammer , instead i got some giant tool from home depot . it looked nothing like mj ouml lnir . i didn't like .
the item arrived broken , and never found the broken segment , which tells me that came from the store and damaged .
these , some worked once , others did not even work at all
product is not worth the money . legs are loose when it's open . has no latch to keep table part open .
it's okay . wouldn't recommend purchasing . not a lot of information , basically info that could have been posted to the blog
it fell apart when i received it so i will be returning it . very cheaply made . very disappointed and disgusted .
it was a good story but too short and the ending wasn't enough .
these are very inexpensive and it shows in their lack of brightness . if you want soft backlight these will work .
u have to use a lot of it to remove the polish . considering the price for a bottle , not worth .
these are not good or bad , just okay . they are rather hard and chewy with minimal flavor . they do have some nutritional value
the ink did not last very long and had to be changed too quickly . new cartridge had to be purchased
not a complex product and considering that , the fact the velcro doesn't hold consistently is kind of a big deal
i received video in a timely manner , but tape was faulty . i am awaiting credit .
the book was in good shape except for the cover of which one half was torn off .
matt needs to tell us how to use this book we need instructions matt if you are reading please help
was not a standard size shower rod . because it was so small could not use it and ended up donating .
all i have to say is sell out . you posers and its my job to keep punk rock elite . nofx .
this is an awful book written on the level of rd graders , it contains no substance what so ever .
beautiful but extremely narrow . wouldn't zip up my ankle . not a problem i usually have . narrow in shoe as well .
it smelled strongly of paint and after a week the paint started to wear off . looked ok until that happened .
came undone after a first gust of wind and a bit of rain . not very aggressive adhesion ! waste of money .
probably one of the most repetitive , blandest albums i've heard . plain vanilla . nothin' special here .
sucks terribly ! get battlefield ! ,
horribly undersized and a bit too long . not buying again .
just not that compelling . mildly amusing in spots , but overall , not worth the time imo .
it wasn't that it showed in the preview . also , it broke in about a week . please don't buy this garbage .
weak batteries . i used them for my tire valve lights . batteries die within days .
most likely not going to do what you expect it too and is a waste of time . don't bother downloading .
we ordered some earlier in the summer and they were much better quality . these new ones are flimsy and cheaper .
not that good . i didn't like it .
bass doesnt hit that hard . other versions of the song do . go download a completely seperate version of this song .
the nail on the left said of the lens broke right away . cheap . dislike . i do not recommend this product .
i should have gotten the firm version . this roll was too soft and lost its shape and support too quickly .
worked a few times then just gave out . not what i had hoped for .
the memory foam is too hard . not confortable . i ended up buying a softer neck pillow for my travels home . much better !
flat the first time i tried to use it
damage to the fabric , which is rotten . no wash over two or three times and it breaks . made in haiti
this light only lasts nights . approx . hours per night . hours grand total . better have lots of batteries .
this product in no way looks like a snake in the water . i do not recommend using these for fishing .
broke after using it for days .
the reason i don't like it , because the size description not correct .
i suspect this trigger would work ok if i could set it up . unfortunately the instructions are not in english .
one cable is not working the long one
the app downloaded ok but minutes in and still wait while the guide is loaded . this app is worthless .
i dont know why i am being charged for gold coins . i would like an explaination what these are . bill
this book was not as helpful as i was expecting .
this information is readily available with a google search . what a waste of . . don't bother with this worthless pamphlet .
was not what i wanted and did not let me send it back . not happy with them at all .
did not fit with my laser sight and had to send back
the media drawer would not open and the remote control was cracked . the worst of it all it didn't work
but it just doesn't work that well . the mallows get stuck in the tube and sometimes they don't even shoot
not recommended for quick review right before exams . this book reinforces and or clarifies any material you may covered during lecture .
i ordered a hard back for . plus . shipping . why did you send me a pocket book ? micheline conn
i've had two of these clips . they both broke . the more recent clip didn't even last two weeks . hate it !
i might understand it better if i spoke esperantu . i'm glad i didn't pay the price of a theater ticket
metal cover starting to chip after a couple weeks . not happy at all with this product . would buy again ever
it's all about marital problems and how stupid they both are in trying to rectify them . too realistic to enjoy .
junk not worth the money at all dollar store quality and it is very very small would not recomend
i am alone in finding this one of the most boring books ? what am i missing ?
please dont waste your time or money on this book , its plain awful . the cover art is pretty neat though .
it stopped working just like the rest of them do .
please delete from my list . it's been too long since reading it
this product did not work at all . right from the beginning it was worthless . do not waste your money on this .
i can stand on it times in a row and my weight fluctuates lbs !
while it states it is tasteless , it does have a smell ! when it hits your food yo it smells sour .
it is a good thing that this app was free , it doesn't do anything that is remotely entertaining , don't download
not sure why this is so expensive , they are only . at toys r us . is this a special edition ?
these shoes are not put together well . they also don't look quite as nice as they do in the picture .
terrible product . both belts in the package lasted less than a minute . eureka b extended life replacement belt style u
the worst type of film . the one you go into with such high expectations , only to see those expectations dashed .
we followed the instructions , but didn't do as described . had to find other methods in order to get the job done .
didn't lilke the size of it too small . would not tell anymore bout it , but the book itself made sense , thanks
just a program that accesses the internet you don't need to pay for this not happy dont but this
does not work followed directions explicitly . don't waste your . this is a hype . sounds good but does not work ! very disappointing .
bought this for a party gag , fell apart takingit out of the package . expensive junk for a gag gift .
the boots were very nice but way to big . i would say they are at least a size bigger .
this came in the form of a black and white rope bracelett and a silver anchor size ring . huh ?
the music would be great if he would stop talking thru it . music only , no talking please .
love the print , colors and texture , but it won't fit my cell , it seems to be too small for it .
i played through all the levels of the game in just a few minutes it is just a demo version .
cheap fabric bad choice
it broke already . and it take month to get do not waste your money on this product bad buy .
huge waste of time and money . go for rogaine it actually works . this product doesnt at all . dont bother seriously
this looks great , but it breaks at every section . i'm very disappointed in this bracelet .
glenn beck's illogical , narrow minded viewpoint was consulted while killing an unprecedented amount of trees . what a waste of trees .
there are other manuals that are much better . wish i had not wasted money on this one . seriously , shop around .
two pairs are short and slide off while wearing . not surevif they can be swapped and new ones sent please .
the seeds did not germinate . i have been growing various kinds of plants from seeds for more than years .
bad everything , what can i say . really bad script , too bad the acting didnt overcome it , not even charlton heston
i have stated that it appears to be fraud and does not work or it was simply a bad batch
i didn't like it at all the one i had broke in week . i didn't like it at all .
product was doa . i was able to return for full credit . the return process was easy and fast . no complaints .
would not work after one week
why do time issue such a magazine ? ! it's a real garbage ! don't waste your money to buy it !
two perfectly good new pc's and cant get it to work . they are highed pc's too . its a no go .
the silicone trim started peeling off just after a month of use . good price but doesn't last very long
it was okwish there was more for non vegans as well . more options with yogurt and milk . thank you
i didn't even get to wear it before it broke .
the hate that's expressed in this book is embarassing . take a shower after you read this .
sticker literally came apart as i was taking it off . not durable and def a waste of money .
this game was ok but it was fun to at least play something new but i didn't like this game
these are just less than acceptablenot especially beefy nuts . more like the stuff that s fallen to the ground and been recaimed
this coat would never fit a mastiff you need to change your sizing it would not even fit a beagel
not very pleased with this item . doesn't weight correctly . it's always about pounds lighter then what it should be .
cheap plastic already foggy and the reflective backing is peeking like a sticker the bracket is very brittle as well
it was very elementary . could've been a decent story if the downloaded didn't stop after the first couple of chapters .
not what i expected , a lot of short vid clips of club scenes from miami ? , would not recommend it .
a dollar for this ? plus i love the star ratings from the dev . go back working mcdonald's drive thru !
now that i got your attention this app is one . of the best crack in the screen apps so get it
sorry , i don't have this product to rate it . send it to me and i'll let you know what i think .
this item was way too small . the webkinz would not fit in the backpack . the picture seemed to be larger .
causes severe interference with radio reception when plugged into power outlet . not usable if i want to listento the radio .
all the instructions on the lamp is in chinese . i sent it back .
these sheets are worthless . the magnetism is so weak they wont even hold other magnets to them . buy something else .
module never worked . driver won't install . no instructions included . i don't recommend this part . it didn't come from dell either .
the book was ok . not the best i've read . it was hard at times to stay interested in it .
the ball doesnt fit in the socket even after trying hard . its sitting in our car shelf uselessly .
this book is not written by the same sharon green of the sci fi genre .
way too small . did not fit my zte phone . waste of time , should have bought local at the swap meet !
this movie just took a while to set up , and the payoff was not all that great . it was ok .
they need to get draw something on this app store ! seriously this game is horrible . i really want draw something
the yellow leather around the edges was worn away and scuffed . the rest of the product was as described .
it is darker in color did not match the original color .
not very interesting . i would not waste my time . try to find a more interesting challenging and fun game .
some of the songs are nicely arranged , but i would say some of them would sound better if arranged differently .
tf i dont like this book i hate it . blah blah . blah blah . blah . blah . blah . blah . blah
i thought this book was more fluff than substance . it read more like a long magazine article than a book .
do not bother . contrived , hysterical drivel . really one of the worst books i have ever skimmed . run away , run away .
this is a horror story cloaked in the thriller category . it has way too much violence for my taste . xxx
i was expecting something more substantial than just thin plastic . unfortunately that was all i got which disappointed me greatly .
smells awful . didn't work for me at all
opened new from the box and does not hold charge .
it was cheap and it got to me fast but i printed pages and it ran out of ink .
this product is awful . there was no liquid solution in one speaker and it just broke two days ago . terrible
there are no other language available or subtitles . not good enough to compete with netflix .
the bed broke very easily .
liked it at first , my son , knocked it over and it stopped heating after about a month , waste of money .
i does not fit in the projector . and it does not work porperly . i had to waste money to send it back .
i only used this for a few days before one of the earpieces came apart rendering it useless . not recommended .
the wallet was received ahead of schedule and new . unfortunately , i returned it because it is quite smaller than pictured .
disappointing . just like my last downloads from amazon i wasn't able to download it to my windows media player .
is not the song for the bands your hear in the movieis just instrumentals . songi dont liked noting
we sent it back .
lens was more scratched then the one i was replacing . it looked like it was used . do not recommend purchasing .
hate it ! i thought it was a real game . i don't want no runner . i want a real game . hate !
tight across the toes and loose in the heel . i wear a n and it is an awful fit .
way too small based on description . my daughter loved it though , so no harm , no foul .
i think it would be better for younger kids like year old it is not good at all though .
this is a cheap product and you will have to buy a new one within less than half a year .
it covers the sensor so it didn't work for me . i wouldn't recommend this item . needs to be re designed
was very disappointed this game would not run on my system . it only runs on os . and os . evidently . beware .
not as clear of a print as i expected . looks cheaply made . picture is very pixilated . not what i expected .
looking to return this item it is not a good option for a netbook
item was received used and unsanitary when it was described as new , not safe , i highly do not recommend purchase
won't work properly , stupid voices , the whole bit . not worth a glance , especially not a second , and never worth a download .
very cheap . it broke , easily . only wore for a few mins .
i found it hard to stay interested in this book . forced myself to finish it . i would not recommend it . gloria
extremely cheap material . almost broke just putting it on my ipod the first time . i do not recommend this product .
starting going 'flat' and seams coming apart in a very short space of time . will not buy this brand again .
the man is and still acts like he is in high school .
not well made . low production quality . the dubbing and narration could use work . the documentaries on youtube are much better .
i consider any movie a zero that uses gods name in vain . glorifying immorality is also not what i excepted .
lameness is all that i can really say . crappy film all in all of its entirety . don't waste your time .
did not care for it , would rather have paper in hand . would be hard to ask a friend to buy .
not the best chai taste . pretty grainy . is ok , at best . have had better tasting ones .
after charging it for the first time i was unable to reseal the outlet . it broke due to water damage .
i used one for about a week and it fell apart . i lost half of the container and my pills .
not goodslow and unresponsive not very many extras and cheap tablets are a waste of money spend a little mor
literally broke in the first week , the adapter came right off the end of the cord . not what we expected .
if i do not eat carbs i get gout . without carbs you are in ketosis . gout is a painful disease .
although picture shows transmitter with no antenna there is definitely an antenna , circa 's silver extension antenna . very much an eyesore .
it was fun for a day . hit rocket speed and rocketed to boredom .
the pants are to long and im ' . they hang down over my feet and i have to roll them up
it is cheap , got both of them dead on arrival . don't buy , you not even get what you paid for .
this book turned out to both dull reading and unrealistic in its approach to language today . save your money .
i bought this thinking it would give me additional activities as related to the text . generic ! don't spend the money .
just as i needed no problem .
this was not one of her best works . characters you don't care about . bland writing . a big disappointment . disjointed story
those are not leggings . they are as thin as stockings . i didn't even try them on , sent them straight back .
glad i got it free
wrong item sent .
i did not receive the item ! the seller did not even ship it ! never buy things from this seller .
the movie seemed very thrown together . if your looking for another story like the notebook , its not this one .
this item did not work , nor did it fit or stay on ! it was a total waste of my money .
already . i just hatewhen they cant last use . already has a runner . so not worth the price at all
this is not what it says it is . it doesn't fit the phone . misleading and wrong do not order this
pros they sound great for the pricefit nicelyconsfirst pair shipped doasecond pair lasted under three weeks before the right earbud died
just a bit creepy . fortunately i fall asleep easily and stayed awake to hear the end only one no thanks
i enjoyed playing this one . can't . wait to finish playing it . my grand kids play it more than i do .
didn't work when i pluged it into the usb port . tried several ports . it's not worth rturning due to cost
don't recommend it . it doesn't work properly . no se ajusta com debe hacerlo el original . no lo recomiendoss sds sd
fffffffffff who made this ! u think this is quot fun quot ? ! you must have autism or some shh cause this is crap .
cases are real soft and nice to sleep on , washes up nicely would certainly buy more in the hear future
does not work on windows . was to large to see entire screen and could not change size of game .
if you want a neck roll that resembles a sanitary napkin , this is for you ! must see to believe .
no taste , bad , sunflower seeds have no taste , small , i am buying different ones , though not organic , but so tasty .
very basic , general information and common sense . poorly written . do no waste your money and time .
this is supposed to be the worst game of the year . what a suprise .
my three kids , ages , , all said it tasted like medicine ! i would not recommend buying this product at all .
very very bad game . you shouldn't even bother downloading it . it will be a complete waste of your time .
too hard to see items . too dark .
i was surprised i wear a size . these size slippers were too small . i sent them back .
i bought different playtex bras and the sizes were all different . this one was tight with a smaller cup
item fits the kindle hd but covers all outlets . speakers , headphones jack , volume and charging port ! waste of money
junk ! . all i got to say . junk ! .
i found it very hard to follow and understand
okay , makes quite a mess when my grandsons used it . would not buy again .
did not work
i received mines damaged it did not work when i put it in my xbox
the story went on and was too involved to end the way it did i felt cheated by the ending .
not really happy with this game . it wasn't what my son really wanted , but what do you do , he's six .
no table of content .
hard to review when i never received my order placed on february , from amazon .
first , it didn't come with any instructions . and it doesn't work with the new operating system they should have know .
product was to sweet for me it doesn't breakdown very well .
that parents should even need a book that will gives insight on what their child is being taught in school .
i made it three chapters before i just couldn't take it any more . this was agonizing .
piece of crap . broke on first try . bbs didn't even shoot and i thought it was plastic at first
read carefully the size chart because is confusing and it takes a while for the customer service .
this was poorly made and too small and the color was much lighter than the picture . would not buy again
i bought this because it was discontinued by loreal . however , the two i opened were dry and clumpy . very disappointing .
this looks nice and worked well for three days before suddenly stopping .
what else is there to say ? would not buy this product under any circumstances . i expected cheap but first day ?
turned yellow in like , a week ? seriously i dont know how or why . but completely pathetic . i am so sad .
this cable does not work with computer usb so , you can not charge from any computer . works with electric outlets .
too easy
if the color was what was shown it'd be a . but when it came it looked like teal blue
this rug should not cost dollars . it is nice , but a rip off for that price . low quality product .
these were slightly large for me and i usually wear . they did not provide enough support for my feet .
had to return , as it was way to small . this was a surprise , as i have other medium champion items .
both screens are screwed up . when i went to purchase amazon said it works with both . di not buy .
it didn't even work i hate it it was a wast of money . i hate it soo much and ya
these lights blink , not nice for my occasion . i returned them and got my money back . thank you .
too heavy
all it did was squish the cupcake down . it certainly did not have the capacity to pull the core up .
it was good but very short would've like longer and continuing story line . i would not read again or buy
completely fell apart within mins of opening ! absolute crap ! i was so upset as was my y o son !
it was ok for t a few days . after that it was just taking up space so i uninstalled it
this is a flop by the kingsford company . the product does not burn well at all . do not buy .
these were so thin that even using did not work i highly recommnd eye magic instead
this ink cartridge , also did not last long . it was about small e mails . i will not buy it again . marla
movie was too choppy talking and movie out of sinc . bad quality , not sure i will i will keep after trail period
leaked right away . half the balls float at the top of the water . this is a total waste of money .
the quality isn't as good as we expected . usually my dog loves these , but not this one
its a k tel recording so its not the original recording . ok to throw in the mix .
i was told this was like jazz music . it is accordian music like at a beer garden or polka parlor .
it doesn't seal bread good and it makes bread break spend the extra money and get the pampered chef one
item is a pic on a stick . i should have looked at it better . . plastic item not anything engraved !
i'm all done wasting my money on their games . a giant money grab for nothing . save your money .
camera did not fit in case .
turned out the pyramid was out of stock . it took a long time to get that info to me though .
ok product .
i found the book mildly entertaining . not particularly well written . it seemed to repeat many of its anecdotes . wouldn't recommend .
i sold this off after owning for months . the concept was great , the execution was horrible .
i thought i was getting purple but it was black instead . the leotard itself is slick fabric which surprised me .
it was terrible . the balls didn't pop . i even stepped on it and it didn't break . it's junk .
a book about a woman's obsession . poorly developed plot unbelievable in places and the ending was surprising and disappointing .
they suck and thats that my wife hate them so we gave them to the cat shelter they really suck .
was much better when the sides were real fabric like the top .
might have been more appreciated if items worked as intended . i was very disappointednever had this problem before . placed all in trash .
poor quality def recomend spending extra on a diff headboard i bought two id return them but too much hassle !
not working for me .
it's very small and has some pretty crappy designs in it . it is not worth the money .
doesn't let me sign in on my kindle fire . keeps telling me there's no network connection . uninstalling until its fixed .
these feel like hard plastic and i'm assuming they're going to hurt my hands . i'm going to throw them away .
this thing does not work , save your money and instead by rain x .
typically writes great novel with in depth character development . this novel surprised me , limited development of the character s and storyline . boring .
this book made no sense to me . i only made it through a few chapters before giving up on it .
after taking the entire tablets , i felt no difference . thought that i should have noticed something but did not .
would not work with my d ! would not recommend this product at all . does not work with nikon cameras period !
this is meant for extremely small busted women . i even ordered sizes up .
not very comfortable , and i know heels , this pair awful
several funny lines and scenes , but a few crass characters were very demeaning to women . embarrassed that i watched it .
the brown part fell out the third day of purchase .
this tv would not even power up upon delivery . took another weeks for return back to amazon .
anything lower than k looks aweful . it takes a ton of calibrating and the colors are still not that great .
at the end there are two ideal weights given and the first one cannot be read because of the background .
do not buy this dvd . most of the performances listed isn't even shown on here . just buy the cd
this is not such great quality and it is absolutely tiny . i would recommend getting something else as a notebook .
bought two one works most of the time , one never works . connectors are temperamental even with no case on phone .
the golden mario is not same in the picture . there are no printings on torso and cap . very disappointing . don't believe the picture .
and sent it back . looked the same as the one it was replacing but didn't work on the same device .
photos in black and white . there are better guides out there . this was not worth the price charged . would not recommend .
i was sent the wrong face color i could not read time in low light . i gave it to my son .
not very good . book was hokey and predictable . unfortunately , i felt committed to finishing it , but i skimmed major chunks .
there was no hardcover book cover and it was not in the descriptions of the product at all . very disappointed .
this was not new . it was obviously opened , as there is tape keeping it shut . i am not very satisfied .
archaic language , difficult sentence structure , wandering subject .
it doesn't work .
bought it to charge my np bd batteries and it doesn't fit , phisically battery is bigger than the spot on charger .
it does not work at all and it made me very angry . worst item i have ever purchased ! smh ugh smt
it's a scam . just wanted my personal information . no coupons . don't waste your time filling it out . i will uninstall now .
looks gorgous in the picture and cheap looking when you have it . could of done better at claires . not happy .
very cheaply made , did not last even a month . the nylon material rips very easily when packing with gym accessories .
i would never recommend this product . i have the fire , and it took forever just to bring anything usefully up .
cisco tech support is terrible and unhelpful . i could not get it to work with at t in cascading routers configuration .
i thought it was going to contain some crosswords and not be a narrative about how to work them out .
we tried this toaster and it didn't toast the logo onto the toast . we were disappointed and we returned it .
this book beats about the bush a lot . third yr residents in my place told me . good for none .
terrible , terrible , terrible . im so happy was for free . dont waist your time . actually , i wont waist mine .
these are super cute but they are cheaper made than what i expected . they don't stay on my head very well .
ok . not terribly clever . tired , stereotypical humor . claymation was fun to watch . just wish the dialogue and storyline were better .
the product did not look like the picture . very disappointed , and glad that i didn't spend very much on this shirt .
ring arrived and i was very disappointed . the enter stones very fake looking . wouldnot recommend this ring to anyone
super sticky like rubber . hair , dirt , dust , everything sticks to it . yuck .
didn't even tie into the last movie . my wife and i were very dissatisfied ! the disc itself was brand new .
took this for my daughter's major birthday party and the pen failed . great . i have a piece of black cardboard .
worse product i ever purchased in my life . fell over constantly and blows very little air when covered on bed
not a fan . the connector doesn't connect well to the pedometer . haven't used it since i received it for this reason .
the ball is not as described . i could not use it . it was also difficult to inflate .
this hood does not work well with my lenses . i end up with part of the hood in my shots .
i used in my regular yoga class but my hands slip on even when i'm not sweating . nice color though .
not happy with this toy at all . did not light up very much and basically a poor design . returned item .
too slow on my viper lg . seems to freeze alot . removed it from my phone . maybe they will work out the bugs . hopefully soon
its not worth it it dose not hold a edge pocket clip falls off and there's a lot of bladeplay
third rate tv series writing by a third rate tv writer . implausible situations , flip dialog , bad sex scenes . it's all there .
good not great action dialogue ok political espionage execution good setting only moderately well researched and communicated . on the beach thriller .
this book received a new cover and has been re published . new isbn . christina bottoauthor
well , i brought it on a trip and it may have fell off the bed . definitely not very drop resistant .
misleading doesn't work like described .
maybe i missed the point but kinda lame . not great story telling although eric bana was a good henry xiii
i was very disappointed with this item . all the knives rusted within a months time .
this will not work have had no results at all from it . worst christmas present i ever gave my husband .
the horns worked great for a week and now they just make a very low inaudible noise . very poor quality .
a little thin on the story line
the item will help . descriptive and informative . rules for writers is good for anyone taking a course with this curriculum
the item we received was different from the item described and pictured . this is not slow release iron . buyer beware .
this was a joke even for a non geek like me . a waste of money
no need to be confused . these are pc mods , not pocket edition . don't get this app expecting to mod minecraft pe .
the ring is beautiful but it is at least half a size smaller than it should be , ordered size
same things you hear everyone , do something change something , it's been repeated throughout history . okay bro , fine , i get it .
did not work at all for me . maybe my ac unit was too far gone .
instructions are not easy to follow . to confusing , would not order anything like this game again ! do not like it !
very cheap disappointed with the purchase . try another product or offering . surprised by the lack of quality with this product
downloaded twice and this app never did work . all i ever saw was the title screen before it force closed .
love the artist . but arrangment was not very uplifting .
not as expected . it does not work . i am pretty diappointed in this app . thats all i have to say .
too expensive for what you get . cost me more than i got back . not sure i will use it again .
does not get as warm , or hold the heat as our older model , even with more time in microwave .
case worked well but the clips broke a couple weeks after i got it . second case that has done it .
want to tell me why it does not work . quickly returned it
i didn't like this one . there is no story and the sex isn't that good . not the best bdsm , sorry
the inside man dvd did not work . it is an hd dvd and i don't have an hd dvd player .
this microphone didn't work , and i returned it . all you could hear was static . my microphone works better .
imagine the disappointment of a young boy when his most desired christmas toy didn't work ! what's a mother to do ?
not even on english so cute what to do
very disappointing . had really no story .
the screen goes blank a lot and hard to here someone on the other end sometimes .
this donut was too big for my thick waist length hair . it didn't function at all like a sock bun .
did not fit my phone . at all . it was the wrong size too small . i don't understand how this happened . wasted my money . disappointed
way too much dialogue and not enough action . maybe i did not play it through to get the real fell .
you get what you pay for . this product is of no value to anyone with cloth seats . avoid it entirely .
made no difference after the tape was played in the vcr multiple times . straight up rip off . don't buy it .
impossible to easily download common institutional data . very limited report capabilities due to this shortcoming . ibankfinancial
their idea of chocolate was significantly darker than my idea . that's what i get for buying furniture over the internet .
this book didnt really have a high point . the book was simply depressing .
the cord died after just two months of use ! disappointed that it died that fast for the price i paid .
the glass on this picture frame was broken when it arrived . i ended up using the frame without the glass .
too many features for me .
this was extra big . i wear small and xxxl was sent . there were no option to select your size . i need a refund !
very disappointed . my ipad keeps falling out and the bling fell of super duper quick . i don't recommend this case .
the advertising very misleading !
a cheap way to end a story . keep your religion out of my comics .
these pants are almost see through because the fabric is so thin . not very substantial and not for wearing in public .
i didnt like this book i couldnt understand it but it was alright book i liked the movie better
this was embarrassing to watch . i last minutes terrible acting , production values . i just waited to see sean connery's brother .
difficult to read need a magnifying glass . crowded printing , poor contrast .
it fits my phone but i thought it will be somewhere i can clip the pen when not in use .
does not turn on after just a couple of month of light use . worked very well when it did work .
the coal feels plastic . i order the you've been naughty but what they sent says merry chistmas on the bag .
if you wear tight pants with small pockets , this might be ok for you , but totally doesn't work for me .
this is not for medium sized babies , they were too loose on my son . i would not buy them again .
horrible plot line . over all a bad movie . story does not make sense . seems to br rushed for no reason .
this is like watching a bad made for tv movie . the acting leaves a lot to be desired . terrible .
it depends on what you want it for . there is a couple that i really like and some i don't
this is a waste of money . only works in full sun . water gets scummy . get electric pumps that work .
this movie is boring and i still can t belive that i wasted bucks on it !
the comforter ripped within a month of use and was extremely hot . not well made would not recommend wasted money .
battery lasted about hr in the beginning but it died a few months after purchase . not worth buying
it only works for a very short time , not even a full day . but it does have a great smell
very bad . lights didn't stay in place . threw away
great concept . not easy to use , not effective . i am glad i only paid . , i will be deleting it .
returned product , short battery life when tested , not set up to use rechargable batteries . hard to view at nite time
expectations were probably too high . first jackass movie was good . this one was not even funny . it was just stupid !
this product was way too large and the fabric was somewhat uncomfortable . i definitely wasted my money on this one .
these broke the first time i wore them . i haven't tried the other two , but i wouldn't buy them again .
they are comfortable but the painted gold leather makes them look cheap !
i ordered this cable specifically to fit my d . said it would , and it does not . very disappointed with the cable .
ripped during move
this game is boring . not challenging . the colors dread your eyes . it's for those who like simple unchallenging games . no stars for this .
mushy when they arrived . birds wouldn't touch them .
i got if a month ago and the kick stand broke but i still have it
broke the front face plate after a week that i had it from a two foot drop very bad deal
monkeys on typewriters won't ever write 'war and peace' but they very well may have written this . so bad .
great hat for about months . after a while it is getting wider and thinner . but okay for the price .
i received the toy with two squeakers . one of which did not work . fortunately the dog loves the toy nonetheless .
not gooseberrieshorrible , horrible producti have never written a poor review beforeif i could have given negative stars i would have
no . they are not compatible with my phone as stated .
did not fit and could not send it back so it sits in a drawer doing nothing and that's that .
phone was great and then the caller id didn't work anymore . a total waste of money .
it will not load on my surface tablet i can play from the cloud but cant store on my tablet
just another example of what nashville is trying to pass off as country music these days .
i would hate to see the non pro version . only a few free games the rest you have to pay for .
does not work
as a longtime nevada barr fan , i have to rate this novel as not one of her better efforts .
it had no info on the gysers , attractions etc at each location .
the product description states that each hook holds twelve pounds however , the packaging says five pounds . i am so angry !
it could just be me but not that good . graphics just ok and simple game . there are better games out there .
this movie is dated . it does not stand up to the test of time .
this item rusted within months of buying it . now i'm on the hunt for a plastic one . oh well
the stories are very uninteresting . no attempt to explain the possibility of hauntings . not worth it .
the case is nice but did not have a glow light . i'm disappointed that the product didn't meet the advertisement .
the cats do not play with it . not sure why but we are using the treats and to no avail .
a lot of mistakes but very good and interesting for me and i am not a big liker of non fiction
i've orderred shirts . one of them came with a small hole on the back . looks like a moth hole .
the very first time i used it sparks came from the back of it and the bottom plate stopped working .
been having fun but at this point i really would like to see it updated or i to will unsubscribe
i dont have a color screen so playing in black and white and just watching the shapes wasnt as fun .
thought it was a case but was a sticker but thanks a lot needed a case have a nice day
returning , fell apart
first lig clothing i have ever disliked . cheap material , feels like bargain brand store quality and looks that way too .
i like them quite a bit , but no song really captured my attention . mediocre album . disappointing .
i had my kindle reset for no reason re downloaded this then i was logged in as a new account !
very short not long at all like the picture shows !
if you are a vegetarian , forget this magazine it's all about meat .
picture not the color of hens chicks sent . all were green color , they look nice in the flower pot .
i thought this was a sequal to nypd red but it was way off base .
not a good phone . this phone is not a good phone . i would not buy this phone . it is not god .
i was sent setup cartridges which can only be used at setup on an hp printer . had to return them .
definitely would need more and not worth the price to wait and see what happens . cheaper to go to derm
should have read the reviews first .
ok so i love magic tree house but this is terrible . please do not waste your money . p . s . is dinosaurs before dark good ?
just kept scanning . wouldn't do anything else on the htc sensation . had to uninstall . very annoying high pitch squeal during scanning .
too little and too short . looks cheesy . wouldnt recommend anyone to purchase . looks like it may break very soon . sad
they seemed like a great purchase but within days of normal use , the clasp on one of them broke .
i hated this game so much the customers wouldnt wait one minute for their food . this game is wierd anyway .
it's not good material , it's different with picture show on web , the colour is too bright , it's really not worth .
i was disappointed by the quality of acting and the trivial plot lines . gore seemed to be the attraction here .
the band is too weak .
turns on but the touch screen does not workoh what to dotime to buy an i pod the end
it sucks . too thin . not even black . melts when you try to straighten it . falls out quickly . would not buy again
i loved don't speak . but the rest of the cd is so so .
ok
these guys are just as bad has cbs channel
does not fit spindle
leather too stiffhave to fold bills . too smallcredit cards too big for slotsnot good in so many ways !
i have experience in this craft and just want new way to teach this techniques too old for my purpose
i am in this movie and when it came out i was there , but on the new copies i'm not !
if you plan to use it for macbook with retina that's a bad idea . it's too big for retina mbp .
it is a cute lttle game and quite different from any other game i've played . great for kids and adults .
the microphone did not work with ipod touch as advertised . not worth it to return , so just using the earphone .
boring , poorly scripted and far fetched . avoid , even if it's free via amazon prime . an entire waste of time . seriously .
will never order again
works but it's a pain doing the bluetooth connection all the time .
i deleted it from my play list it was so bad , just a bad attempt at covering a great song
that is all i need to say . it was not a good product . veil is also strange . not very good .
tried it twice and it never worked . immediately uninstalled it . will avoid their software in the future , that's for sure .
just exactly how can a constitutional amendment be unconstitutional ? lt sigh gt i star for entertainment value .
this battery lasted months . that is pathetic . hopefully it was just a fluke . but i would not buy it again .
rubbishdo not buy the digitizer alone , it requires you to solider it on to the board . buy the complete setup
it's too big for the s . it moves as i run , i am afraid it might fall when i run .
i loved this book even more than the girl with the dragon tatoo . lisbeth is some character !
how can the top free app cost ? someone needs to work on their math or diction . xxx xxx xxx
i think the ink is oldit prints very light . have not tryed the color yet ! first idem that was not very good .
crappy do not get for any apple products it hardly works for an s
it is worthless . it is only working charging ipod touch . can't listen music and can't charge iphone . wasting money .
already read
movie was very slow , didn't feel like an action film at all
charging dock lasted one day what a piece of junk . travel bag is just as bad . don't wast your money .
this item was smaller than expected . the detail was good but i didn't think it was worth the asking price .
i will not wear them and find someone to give them to . they are extreamly long and large legs besides .
some nice examples of jewelry to make , but not as much detail as i expected .
i will not be ordering anymore dark navy blue caps , because they keep sending me light blue one's . never again !
the gloves sold are all red . the picture is toned . customer service was horrific .
my order was packed in an envelope . the ribbon was wrapped around the unit and copper pins punctured the ribbon .
don't waste your time on this inane game the worst mental junk food . go read a book it's much healthier .
i felt better about window washer which did a thorough job . this product is lacking and i won't update . garbage
filter door doesn't close smoothly . coffee pot doesn't fit into unit smoothly either .
broke apart a few days later , save your time an energy . it's not worth getting even though it looks nice .
this make up is no good at all
i did not find this book helpful at all . i was very disappointed . its very hard to make sense of it .
i have uninstalled this . i did not wish to continue this wifi connection mamager . please remove this item from my list .
cheap price and cheap quality . poor fit and didn't match the pictures shown on the web sight . very thin material .
poor quality . cardboard separated on many peices . poor cutting qualtiy . could not cover and mount it due to uneven surface .
i'ts great product but too pricey . they should lower the price more to be more appealing . else overall is good
i bought this keyboard for my tablet , unfortunately , some keys doesnt work . im returning the keyboard .
the radio worked great for the first year and then for some reason the next year the radio stopped working .
not worth the two bucks . it was slow , banal , uninteresting . maybe i'm just not part of the target audience .
these towels are no better than the rest . the hem on one was frayed and they don't absorb water effectively .
i am a size . disappointed when i got these shoes and they could not fit . order one size bigger .
i love my little pony not this it is stiled i gave it one stare . don't get it ever stuped
this game sucks i hate this game once i played i was so bored and the people are ugly it
before my kindle slow and froze , after app couldn't play any videos had to reset my kindle and start over
too all my friends everyone said i sounded like a little kid and that they really couldnt hear me !
i'm glad i didn't pay much for it because it didn't work on my computer . even though it should have .
couldn't get it to run at all on recently purchased macbook with gb of ram and updated os .
i still cannot figure out how to use this without the yarn slipping and getting a mis calculation of yardage .
sorry , returned the audio tape which was sent by mistake . received my refund w o any problem . didnot reorder book .
the blade is dull . beyond dull . the serrated portion has no teeth . but the cork remover works really well tho
will not buy again opi much better for less money very poor coverage .
this toothpaste turned my teeth a weird ugly color . never had that happen with any other toothpaste .
when i was checking the package , the button fall . ! the worst cloth i had ever bought . bad manifacture ! too disappointed
more pretzel that anything . don't count on more than a whiff of chocolate . tiny bags . generally , i was very displeased .
this is a very nice work lamp . however , i haven't been able to find a replacement bulb .
well , i would love to buy this dvd , but it is way too expensive . is anyone listening out there ?
doesn't fit my satellite m . have to return . otherwise , it's a bit short but seems like it would work fine .
although it fits the phone fine , it does not give mt the grip i need to hold it . too slippery .
if you have a record player you have got to have a . thanks !
this was stupid only clips not a phone case get real . i needed a phone case i got clips
does not work very well
the watch came to me damaged . i don't know if it was from the original packaging or while in transit .
this song is annoying with cheap lyrics , repetitive and with poor melody . hurts my ears .
boring and probably faked . at any rate , i wouldn't waste money on it if i were you .
i'm sorry but this book wasn't interesting . no wonder it was a free book . i just don't like it . laylah
stopped working after a week of light use . get a ninja .
it broke after months of use . i received it as a christmas present and it broke weeks ago .
this book didn't tell me anything i didn't know or do already . waste of money .
no improvement in my dogs eyes .
really should be called a charm , small , light weight charm . not a pendant , a cute . charm .
the product didn't meet my expectation because it worked for at least a week . i would not order this again .
this bag is way to big for me . i will have to gift it to some big guy , or lady .
it was broke in three places . not good at all
story is ok kinda rushed through the ending , could have been better if the there was more of a plot
grease tray is too small . grease tray overfills before burgers are done cooking . unsafe to dump grease with tray full .
content looked ok when i could see it . dvd skipped and started and stop . not usable . would not buy this .
this cover is not what i thought it would be , seems not to fit my phone very well . too thin .
leather did not seem to stretch at all
i purchased this dress for a special event . although the style is classic the fit in the bodis is small .
useless . to small , still not stay on . did not protect
horrible
these are too thin and had snags by the second time i wore them .
the cartridge did not function work properly several attempts to repair it per ld products directions failed
the first couple of days were good . then it started to rip all over . in side and out not happy !
horrible game !
no signal output at all . circuit confirmed with another camera . unfortunately the box was destroyed , so i'm stuck with it .
patrick rothfuss' writing is too predictable . every time the protagonist has a major triumph , expect a defeat or tempered spoils .
please , if you loved this movie , have your head examined .
too strong for me .
just as others mentioned i could not get it over my leg . order sizes up from your pant size .
the explanation is hard to understand .
es increible que este articulo nunca llego a mis manoshace meses que lo compre y ni se donde esta
not a good calendar for the money . not enough pictures . didn't say it was made for multi country use , written in different languages .
as of today , i still have not received this product . i am very dissapointed
these cables will charge my iphone but they will not allow it to talk to itunes . itunes gives an error .
it did not meet my expectations at all . it is not what i need . i need a power supply board .
terrible battery that barely lasts a day without any intense usage . avoid it whenever possible and search for better alternatives .
there was a piece missing when we got the product , so we never had a chance to try it out .
and disappointed ! the soundingeneer was on crack or what .
i only received one of the three bottles . the first one only came in . none of the others came in .
vibrations are so mild you can hardly tell it is even on . needs a stronger vibration to be worth it .
didnt fit my phone . to big . hard part look homemade soft part to big only thing holding it together was hard part
this game is free to download from the site , save and downloaded free just google planetside ! take care
the product did not work on my samsung galaxy . maybe on another device it would've worked . no luck here .
quit working after months . says not certified to work with apple products . won't charge ipad air or iphone s .
dnt bother buying
characters keep getting saved by more and more unbelievable plot devices . giving up on the series books too late .
they do not prevent scratches or protect your screen . do yourself a favor dont buy this horrible product . thank you
the app kept on hanging and did not follow all yahtzee rules . it was a waste of time and space .
this product did not work for me .
buyer beware ! i did not like this buy i only received out of . very dissatisfied . hope this helps
the size fits small or thin legs . is not meant for muscular or large to extra large leg diameter .
this was a waste of money . the chainsaw ran either not at all or poorly . i dumped it months ago .
when i received the email to reiview this book i had to go to amazon to read the books description .
i didn't realize it was a child's book . it should have been listed that way .
wasn't what i thought it was going to be . would not recommend . sorry but i'm a stickler for easy applications
seem to run out of ink quickly , did not last half as long as the original cartridges
it came and was defective . we threw the box away and couldn't return to seller for exchange !
does not fit standard faucet waste of money . wish this had been stated in the product description . very disappointed
does not work with iphone , connection is too small and doesn't fit correctly . don't waste your time in buying it .
.
does not keep a charge at all . can i send it back fir a replacement or a new battery , please ?
i don't really like it the readings are a little hard to figure out . plus the clip wasn't a clip ,
it was slow paced . not really buying the all female heroin situation . it really started out slow and stayed slow .
but product
this battery was not recognized by my phone , yet it is the exact same battery as the one i replaced .
horrible , disgusting and gross
very disappointed the lid smells and leaks , i tossed it in the trash immediately . don't waste your money on this mug .
only received pair of earrings . still good but was expecting pairs . only the plastic backs were included .
this thing was so cheap . i hated it ! i mean it is cool idea . just not built with quality !
this coat has been unraveling at the seams and insulated stuffing coming out . i was fooled , because it's poor quality .
it would be nice if this had a picture but it doesn't so i rated this one star
did not find this routine as funny as the others . louie has grown since he did hilarious .
does isn't look it what it says in the picture . and barely fitted my phone . scratched my phone up basically
i dont like ittt please no one buy this ! its the worse think i had in my life xd l
you get what you pay for . i had it for a few days then it ripped . cheap product , cheap price .
! pease dont waste your moneu . absolutely cheap quality product . not worth buying . dont buy this product . poor quality mp . dont know what to write .
it seems tom clancy has become way to political in his books . i don't agree with the way his writes anymore .
they stuck together and were almost impossible to get the back off of them . we through the whole package away .
the box was opened and missing the pc the hold the camera
one of the worse i've seen in a long time . total waste of time . it is not worth one star .
does a pretty good job of transmitting through fm radio , but will not recharge my phone . la la la la .
these don't work ! as soon as they touch the glove they pop . don't waste your money !
very cheap ! nothin but a sticker ! is this a joke ? i would not recomend it to any one . its made in china !
showed someone throwing different goofy pitches . was not an instructional video , as i thought . total waste of time and postage .
bought it for my granddaughter . broken when i got it . not even opened and was broke ! don't waste ur money !
in one word this book was repulsive . if i were to use another word it would have to be repetitive .
scent me dvd not blue ray
out last orbee tuff bone lasted years . this one broke within a week . we are very disappointed in the quality .
the bottle does not look like this anymore this could be an expired and old product ! be mindful of this !
the necklace that i received looks nothing like the advertised necklace . the necklace i received is also two toned green .
i didn't care for this game not as much fun as rapala and the graphics aren't as good .
smaller than any other small gloves i have worn . i thought this gloves broke really easy compared to other brands .
can't remember anything too worthwhile . a few exposing commentaries about sociopaths egomaniacs but this is really a stupid show .
i thought i was getting pharrell's version . this isn't it !
price is good , sound quality is poor . very tinny sound with a fair amount of static at all times . wouldn't recommend them
price is too good to be true . worked fine , but busted after two hours . it is impossible to repair . don't buy .
i say only bad thing about them they really sucks !
absolutely cheap , thin , wrongly sized piece of junk . size suitable for the head of a pug . what a ripoff !
after months of use the watch stopped working . the watch looks and feels nice but it suddenly stopped working .
the phone case is beautiful . lots of compliments , but bling comes off easy . luckily i purchased of the same
zipper broke off within two weeks .
i was very disappointed in this game as it doesn't work right and is limited in how you can play .
after the first week , only one ear bud worked and the other one didnt work at all . would not recommend .
na smh dont get cause i doubt of i aint get it then you wont trust me .
worst acting i have ever seen . i gave my copy away . yuck .
i have noticed no changed on these pills . i have not lost any weight or even had any reduced appetite .
too big for my wife and it's the smallest size . wish it fit since i was buying a pink sweater
this toga was completely see through . transparent . it is not cotton . it is a very thin nylon material .
charged it . followed instructions . but it doesn't get off the floor . nice conversation piece . i'll stick to remote control indoor helicopters . at least they fly .
i was expecting much more . it happens that the book is poorly written and full of cliches . to be avoided .
it was very difficult to get through this book . it was boring and rambled on and on .
this is garbage , there's no way to connect it to a camper wall , cheaply build , save your money . no instructions .
it did not fit my phone and they didn't do anything about it i wish i went to ebay online
color not as expected more blue than turquoise ocean , as the color of the cap and description implies .
all three hands on this watch stopped turning within hours of unboxing . i am returning this for a refund .
not the best written book but interesting to those from central minnesota where this gang operated .
the case cracked the first time it was dropped inches off floor . so now it is not water proof .
the large cup like holder works very well . the other items do not stick to anything . the suction cups don't work .
i was so excited to play this game again , but it didn't even work on any of my computers .
the pasta came out stachy and pastymy family hated itthey immediately wanted me to throw the thing out !
i had to to delete this . the ads were ok until the actual commercials started and would not go away .
entire top fell off when i tried to remove plastic cap over spray pump . not worth the money at all .
what could this be categorized as , disco jazz ? nice album cover tho .
the pictures of rob are not good ones at all . last year's calendar was so much better !
broke in less than a week not worth it . looks good but cheap quality . don't waste your money . ,
almost put it down after first third . last two thirds i couldn't put it down .
it broke first day . not quality by any means . pos do not buy . do not buy ! again . do not buy
i have only had it for two weeks and it is already falling apart i had to tape it
cheap and started to chip on edges almost instantly . don't bother . do yourself a favor and get almost anything else .
i get what he was trying to do but the whole structure was just a mish mosh of toilet humor
not a very fun app to play . i didn't like the way the questions were asked .
good idea , but does not really keep the shake count that well and you cannot hear the beeper . little pricey !
book , wasn't useful for me . since i know some spanish already . it breaks things down that are unfamiliar to me .
it was impossible to get all of the bubbles out of this product , so i ended up throwing it away .
things break so easy ! very cheap . , . dont waste your money . very flimsy . i would not recommend this at all .
these came with the posts bent straight down they didn't break when i set them straight they are just okay
movie seemed off , music didn't fit the scenes , cast should have been great . but very disappointing . dunst looked like a granny .
not the right color rose petals that i ordered . i ordered royal blue and they sent me a baby blue .
cute but boring . don't waste your time on this app unless you are two years old . not worth your time
it's a good controller but is not compatible for macs as it is advertised . much disappoint .
what good is the clip if the case is no good we had to buy one from a verizon store
apparently , only grows in florida , in a nursery . followed instructions , but it just died anyway . don't waste your hard earned money .
this is shitty i got it in the mail and it didn't even work don't waste your time buying .
bad quality says it all , wouldn't buy that if i were you . in the picture it looks a lot better .
this app was a reapoff it stunk it was to hard to use . i will never get this app agin .
liked the looks but one candle never worked even after removing and reinstalling battery and even replacing battery . big disappointment .
the seeds did not meet my expectation . they did not even grow they rotted . i will not buy any more .
too graphic starting in the beginning of movie , i didn't watch
doesn't work and is a waste of money
really had to push myself to get through this book . it is so popular right now , but i'm mystified why .
it's very cute , and i would be much better if it had a different kind of attachment instead of string .
too old to be very interesting . plenty of newer johnson stuff , thankfully . but as it is a period piece . ordinary
broke as soon as i took them out of the package , very cheaply made looked cute on my iphone though ,
book came in good shape but arrived a day late and took almost a month to recieve
theres not of music selections to choose and my son loves the fresh beat band and there wasnt any songs
great idea but a pain to use , i would rather stick with using wax on my braces . would not recommend
used just three months and now the battery in the case will not charge . . . waste of .
very disappointed , i bought it to charge my droid htc dna but can't find a skin to charge it with .
these are sized pretty correctly in the hip area but they ride up in the crotch area . not very comfortable .
this is a piece of junk .
too intrusive . wants too much access to my personal info , and i see no reason this app should need it .
i did not get pieces . more like . i waited a whole month for nothing . thank you for nothing .
this book was so boring , i couldn't get past a few pages and had to put it down .
it was horrible didn't work at all very upset about it wish i would have known before actually purchasing it
both kits that we received were missing the wet refills that are listed on the front of the box
after i purchased this book for my year old cousin i quickly discovered . this is not a book about cats !
feel good inc and dare are great . maybe some of the others will grow on me .
less then a year old , dead . bought in jan , dead by sept . i do not recommend this product for anyone .
not what i expected . boring read , probably saying the right things but without any sense of being glad i read it
worst app ever . it cost money when u video chat i have never seen such a bad suck butt ever !
buy it only if you are a beginner .
i should have paid attention to the other reviews . it is very small can only use it for blueberries
it was difficult , if not impossible to set up and would not support the weight of a pound person .
the product was received broken
don't buy this cover for this phone . this does not fit this phone ! it clips on and pops off immediately .
i found this book very corny and boring . i had a hard time reading it .
that was the worst dress i have seen cheap looking . waited to long for it to come .
vibrates . no results .
returning lid doesn't open . loved look . was gift . asked me how it opened , couldn't get it either direction . tank holds a lot . nice chrome finish .
not as thorough as i had hoped .
poor quality . tab broke during installation . did not fit tight on handlebar . did not clip into back securely . do not purchase
on't even bother considering this item , mine broke into pieces just as i was starting to play with it .
it did not fit even though the fit verification said it did . i will be returning this part .
would give no stars if i could . didn't even show up . never appeared . was basically a waste of my time
a little disappointed with this pack . it only included one sheet of stencils and a few sheets of coloured paper .
a gross book with a sub par story line . if you like low class , no class , this book is for you .
this book was sssssssooooooo disappointing , i thought it would have been a lot more interesting . don't waste your money ordering it !
the electronic version of this book is not well suited for an i touch maybe the book version is better .
matched our sink , but made of cheap plastic and strainer doesn't work well as a stopper . waaaay overpriced and flimsy .
i downloaded this app , but since i do not have a sirius subscriptioni cannot us it . xx xx xx
the positive message wasn't very clear to me . it's just a story about a group of shallow teenager to me .
i had very high hopes and it came non working . i had to return it .
i never could get this to actually load so don't really know if it would have been a good game .
i haven't figured out how to get the pieces to fit back into the box . this puzzle is extremely frustrating !
i never recieved the video . says it was shipped but never arrived . can someone help me ?
they were very hard to light and i don't think it really made a difference .
its program not usable on linux . it has no on board memory . needs to be close to a windows , or mac computer .
the games fun but the updates restart your whole game i've played for the week and the whole things gone
it did not work . tried different connection nothing worked . viewed tips and guidelines still did not work forhdmi to tv . etc .
if you are looking for about cup , this is for you . diamond crystals are pretty but smaller than pictured
do not remember ordering this , what can i say if i had ordered this i could rate it more clearly
someone stole it along with my mario kart didn't get a chance to play it !
waste of money . very disappointed . i'm going to give it away . should have known the vague description was hiding something .
sure wish i could get a refund . great concept but poorly executed . i cant even finish ! dont waste your money !
shipping was quick but . sunglasses are really small . children sized .
screen protector was ok but made my touch screen less responsive and was impossible to see screen in the sun
unplayable since i can't see the right side and bottom of the play board . don't buy , i want my money back .
looks tarnished
miss leading price shown is not for item shown or described but for an optional attachment very misleading !
your ear canal better be very large for this thing to do any good . try something else for ear cleaning .
greedy scum . i'm not waiting a month for a kindle version . i won't buy it at all . so shove it .
most of these earings did not fit . i wouldn't buy these ever again !
i hate it so much it is the same thing as minecraft severs it is so so so very stupid
the whole seat and top stretched out after only day of use . baby is almost sitting on floor now
clutch came just as expected based on the cost . looked nice online , but different physically and has a strong offensive smell
it stopped working after a day and i even tried changing the batteries out and it still does not work .
bought large size , fit like a size .
don't count on this for protection . useless . if you drop your iphone in this case it will shatter the screen !
was poorly painted , was deffective , and too a long time to arrive . would not reccomed this to family and friends .
great price but all four cartridges did not work ! do not waste your money or your time .
do not look like dinosaurs ! kids had fun with them though !
this energizing and mind enhancing coffee tastes horrible , not certain i can finish this box and it was very expensive .
nice set except for the fact the the handle fell off my cuper . i cannot recommend this product .
there is no reason shipping should cost more than for such a small item .
a truely bad documentary . for all moore's flaws , he's still a genius compared to these amateurs . enough said
battery is identical to oem but would not power the phone after charging . shows fully charged but does not work .
i should have spent an extra couple bucks . converter was dead on arrival i checked all other cables components involved .
not worth it , cheap case , didn' . t return it bc it only cost .
not xxl by any stretch of the imagination . this is barely suitable for a single adult , more suitable for kids .
if you know how to use a basic web browser , you don't need this product . it's a waste of money .
these were really hard to use . then they broke in half before i finished using them for the first time .
very disappointing . wax is very sticky and does not remove all hair . very expensive for what it is .
for next week the mic dont work it alland with or h dont feel good in my ear
not yet transferred to ipod but depressed to find this is abridged my error
not what i expected . i like willie nelson but did not enjoy the choice of songs . i was very disappointed .
the weights are too light to keep the table clothe in place . very difficult to return . don't purchase this weights
is a cheap knife but i thought the belt clip would hold longer then a week .
not even germinated , may try again next year very disappointed . hope others have better luckthis adding more works sucks
product looks and feels good yet on first use when pulling pants up a big hole ripped in back pocket .
didn't work
i followed the label instructions product did not hold color as expected .
the battle standard color is supposed to be blood red . under white . the color it was made of is orange
very unsatisfied they brake fast i don't think ill order this prodict agan it last weeks for the price
it wont work iv tried eight fifteenth times and it wont let me so there for i hats this game .
hi . the product is a little small and is yellowish , not the ivory as listed . kind of cheap looking . thanks .
puppy didn't like sorry
why doesn't lucas make enough of these toys so kids can enjoy them without having to go through these scalpers ?
mostly a transcript of meetings that took place . i couldn't get into despite many tries . i would try another book .
went in the trash as soon as the package was opened . these were awful
love the infomercial but can you believe they lied ? it doesn't work even the slightest bit . i'm back to q tips
display is hard to read and manufacturer says that's not unusual . buttons are hard to read . not worth the price .
this sucksi dropped it and the back shatterred
a very odd story of crazy family dysfunction . the publisher did a . lousy job of proofreading . spelling errors abound .
my friends use it , i just don't like the way is holds my hair .
i have a psp and they sent the one for a psp . i can not use it , just my lost
i was disappointed in this book . many of the pictures are of the same house . lacks variety and excitment .
the case looked nothing like the picture . was not satisfied with this product , it looks extremely cheap . would not recommend .
these pumps did not fit the liter shampoo bottles . they were too short i'm sending them back .
are you kidding me , for a game . don't waste your money on this clear and disappointing cash grab .
broke after days . cracked at edges . never dropped it . cheap don't buy this . should have listened to the reviews .
the top fits for a child with no boobs .
one star is too much . did not work out of the package . bad , not good , not good , very bad
tacky , cheap and worked for less than a month .
book was very out dated ! it was filled with the same material for years . i did not use their ideas .
fell apart quickly . major difficulty upon retraction . round cord case fell apart so many times . would not recommend this item
not worth the time . there is no replacement for the real thing . don't waste your money . just stay married . ok
i don't think i even finished the episode . it wasn't terrible , just nothing new . i doubt i'd watch it again .
everyone who advertised this product didn't know they longer carried it in stock ! just a major waste of my time .
paper weight . would have been nice if the product description was accurate about which products it works on . never again
very thin
it is ok , not happy with the plastic parts , hard to put up . i was not happy with this
piece of junk . false advertisement . my cats look at it and walk away . not how it appears in the commercial .
doesn't work well . would not recommend .
i'm a big fan of fitflop shoes but won't recommend this pair of shoes as the leather is too stiff
you'd be better off using a flattened cardboard box . this thing is unbelievably shoddy .
it's too small . does not ride well around your waist . wouldn't buy it again . there are better products on the market !
no description at all for what included in the package , so what is the purpose ?
i haven't used this yet because the instructions are so poor that i can't figure out how to work it .
it didn't work . it was a gift and by the time she used it i couldn't return it . extremely disappointed
cheap standard blackberry headphone with microphone . not very comfortable , i'd suggest getting something betteer with silicone or a dedicated headset .
instructions and settings are not obvious as they are on most electronics . i plan to donate this item to charity !
doesn't stick once taken down to replace batteries . and the batteries don't last all that long .
it is super cute but will not stick to bottom of bathtub put on wall and would not stay there
i like this shirt , but red wings symble faded first wash . i wouldn t recomment this shirt . dont buy this shirt
can't get the thing to work . won't let me enter any answers . so i have never gotten to play a game .
most auctions are not very good . this didn't indicate my own experiences . it isn't easy to pick the best casino .
of purchased tore apart on both ends within days of use . definitely generic and cheap . would not recommend
the skier arrived in pieces and was broken . very disappointing . would like my money back if possible . for a th birthday cake
these sneaks are not comfortable , they do not look like sneaks and are just ugly
i was disappointed with this product . it looks cheap and i think would not hold up id droped or threw
cover it becomes very hot and burn the lipswhen i drink it may cause serious burnslarge manufacturers defect .
i order almendra quema grasa but recived something else . they said it works the same , but it didn't . not happy
the picture is misleading . i thought they were actual stands not plastic one dimensional pictures . but i should've looked closer
from what i have heard , this dvd release might be a bootleg dvd r . any confirmations ?
this cd only has a few good songs , but they are still a kickazz band .
the beans were stale and this company has no one to complain to . your only choice is to return it .
pictures made it look like it is a case . it is not ! its a little clip on key board ! terrible !
this battery didn't work at all . my money was returned , but they couldn't send a working battery . very disappointing !
i love the other books but this is like chapters out of a novella needed to add more !
i expected a data cable so as to get pictures off the lg shine phones , but it only transfers music !
i didnt like because the colors was so small . and the little colors was in small porch . really small . so .
book is boring . needs color photos . needs to be more sensitive to racial issues .
only a few things i haven't read on wikipedia . not worth it . this isn't really a biography . too bad though .
this hose exploded like a water balloon in the first week .
ordered the xl jacket but fits like a xl . not totally satisfied with my purchase . runs small not a happy
my dogs do not like this . thy just look at it and it remain in their bowl uneaten and untouch
slow to load , may take up to minutes to upload daily content and then difficult to remove the old content .
still waiting for it . hope the book comes soon as i was excited to order it . don't know what happened .
not what i was expecting but still readable
ultra slim , but not with firm standing . it is easily fall down when i touch the screen or to play other function .
phone doesn't fit snug in the case . i'm afraid that if i drop the phone will pop right out . disappointed
you'll be charged shipping per battery ! i went elsewhere . reminds me of some sellers on ebay .
it really doesn't get good until about chapter . not his best work . i hope the next one is better .
too complicated with too few instructions , and i didn't know it would get to the point of not being free .
did not live up to the hype .
worked once , was fun then . the it smoked and smelled up my house . also , there was pig english everywhere . dang .
it was a great price but it was chipped on the corner yielding an annoying black area on the corner .
stopped working within one week of use and acctually fell apart . don't waste your time or money on this product .
this thing shorted out and almost burt down my house
the plot moves very slowly . the quality of the sound and film was poor . i do not recommend this series .
the dress is made for little skinny girls . the style is pretty but is to small for regular petite woman .
very poor quality for a nuby product . i expected better . see pictures above . i am very disgusted with this product .
made of cheap material . doesn't look flattering at all . fell apart after one wash . do not buy ! buyer beware !
for some reason the printer is not recognizing the cartridge now , it was working fine and for reason it's not
his comments about jesus last words on the cross , questioning the biblical account , draw into question about his other facts .
after months stopped grinding well . flax always got clogged
i love the cast but , just do not think it is really funny . better writing for the show should be priority .
this pair of scissors which is what i ordered is not what i received . what the hey ! i am very disappointed !
my mom patti moran has a new gospel cd you should hear . to hear a sample go to pattimoranmccoy . com .
does not fit my dodge perfectly . it does not sit tight against the mirror . lets rain seep through .
as stated with the sleeve , this product , even though it fits well is very thin and gives no support whatsoever .
it was horrible , and the product was broken , think twice before you order . this is my first and last time .
headphones do not sit well on your head . the pickup of sound at more than feet went down quickly .
disk drive is not working . would not play any video games and would make a crazy printer notice . will return .
i enjoy artsy films this fell flat . just plain dumb . acting was bad , storyline was bad , continuity was bad all of it .
not worth the money , doesn't print well ! occasionally will jam .
this was probably my fault but it did not work with razr maxx . i'm glad it was inexpensive ! received quickly .
not work .
the characters were narrow , the plot was predictable and the rhetoric questions put to the reader extremely annoying .
the problem is i do not use facebook and so i was very limited to playing this monster busters game
on the first day , the bed skirt ripped from the mesh type fabric that sits under the mattress . not impressed .
did not work with iphone . did not work with ipod touch . don't bother .
these remanufactured ink cartridges don't last as long as the originals . so ill just stick to buying new never buy
i am not a fan at how low it sits below my breasts . not a fan . maybe a bigger size ?
dissapointed overall . the problem is that the key tag beeps whenever near any sort of metal . cannot use this product .
does not work , can't get anything to play on this , a real waste of money . stop don't buy this crap .
not well written , poignant , or moving in any way . a slap in the face to families of the victims . disappointed !
usually like australian movies . kept waiting for something to happen but it just dragged on . disappointing to say the least .
right out of the box , the wire was broken . very cheap product .
this shouldn't happen for the price . and no , the obvious was that i boiled away the water but never did .
nice none of the video on this page are availablewhat the hell is with that ? good job
okay reading . lots of info , but i did not care for the style of writing .
great video of an exceptional movie . the whole family loved it . this was a replacement for an older version movie .
wasfdfdkkllj jkj ojlj joih hkhn ujhhi ukhhh uohoj uohkjnun ujjnn unjo ounnj uonuoj uiihbnu ouhjn iuhui iouun iojn iuhjk jujujh
i wouldn't purchase this again because it lacks a lot of the towns and cities on it .
if you have any problems , do not expect any service from mach speed .
i found this not what i expected . recipes are not practical for the average person or their budget . kept being repetitive .
it will freeze a kindle fire every five minutes . also it will shut it down . and it will also pause unexpectedly
these are not true to size . i was disappointed because normally nine west is my absolute favorite shoe !
the item did not work when i received it . it was a disapointing purchase . had to buy something else completly
i did not like the film . boring !
stops working and freezes up to many times . there is noting more embarizing tan gifting something that dos not work .
dead after less than year of use . i would not buy again . i replaced with a much cheaper incandescent .
it's a great idea , but it didn't work . it was a gift to my son and he got very disapointed .
this cartoons are good for adults who want to remember oldies cartoons . but for my kids , they got bored .
what can you say if you got wathch battery with , volts instead of , volts ?
head fell off almost immediately after opening would not recommend to anybody , try the disney store or something i'd say
what the fu ? . are the high you would have to be a dumb pass to buy this hoodie for that bye
no table of contents to review . no purchase . how can customers avoid duplications
i purchased this cable for audio , i hear a lot of static . i would like to return itthank you
this shoe fell apart very quickly . my child is active and runs a lot . this shoe did not hold up .
didn't describe sizes correctly so it confused me what size to get in came in kids instead of regular size
i received it damaged , as soon as i open the packaged a little piece of the case was already broken .
too hard to log into and pay online .
it did not work
thin fake leather that smells of fish . the 'embossed' emblem rubs off with a slight touch . useless at any price .
this was a short story , and i don't mind a short story . but this one was not good at all .
cheap , easily breakable , prone to infections stainless steel is better , but for fun night out here there is good lol
wrong headset but it was my fault head set was excellent quality what more would you like me to say
this charger worked great for only a couple of weeks . it now has stopped working completely and is worthless .
the necklace that arrived had a yellow tan colored pearl instead of white . i was very disappointed and returned it .
cruel story writting , no heart or love in this book .
serviceably typical , jagged indie rock maintains the few bells and whistles from slipping into complete generic boredom .
you get what you pay for i guess but i was expecting more from cuisinart . buyer beware on this one .
included only europe in their review , not a book for usa , great reference for europe though .
this can't count as a book . this is the most basic of all promos . don't bother buying this book . goodbye .
this cover absolutely will not stay on the recliner . looks good but can't take it falling off all the time .
i hated it but gave it to a coworker who loved it so i guess it depends on your taste .
choose another format . the dvd previews cannot be skipped . you must sit through the entire sequence before the movie starts .
would not download my music
tablet stopped working . returning it . warranty company giving me a hard time . they cancelled warranty . or never had one . not fair .
don't buy this ! i can't believe people think this is a good sharpener . dulled every knife i used it on
bad quality not recommending this one for anyone . try more expensive onesnot good at alli regret it !
not compatible with the australian power supply . therefore could not use as it is expensive to buy a power converter .
they broke the first time i used em . not thick enough metal . very sharp though . i like other kits better .
fits very small and fabric is krinkly , uncomfortable , noisy . returned it . nothing more to say to use up the required words
i feel that you took the best chartors and got rid of them . roxy and trevor and chase and pamela .
moved air very well . very noisy . ran for hours and died . tried another v a power supply but still dead .
there is only one product in the package , but this is advetised as a set of . returned to sender
bought these batteries a few years ago . worked well at first . now they barley even hold a charge . very disappointed .
boring as f so i need more words so these are filler words hi bonjour hello yea but yea bye
i dont like it , low sound the sound cant be choosen it keep changing
the sound was not to good on this . i had expected better remastering . won't get any more th remaster cd
i really didn't like this cover at all ! thin and it moves all around !
this item's quality was extemely disapointing and the size reflected on packaging was misleading . i do not recomend this product
both side of shoes are different ! oops ! if my friend want to buy , i'll suggest other one . don't buy it
most of the metric sizes were too small . not the manufacturer or amazon's fault . mine for not checking more thoroughly .
i called to try and return this item and no one ever returned my call . very unsatisfied .
it sound wonderful . but just stop working . it was good for a week and it stoped .
candy from the 's sounds great , except the taste is from the 's too . most items were stale . very disappointed .
did not like the movie ! the movie was making political statement instead of teaching history . hollywood gets it wrong again .
months in , no longer works . full charge on both collar and remote gives me feet of range . garbage .
its was really pretty but for heavy and long hair not for short tho .
bad the screen turn off a lot of noises on system looks like fake estereo not appy whit the purchase
very lame . same ten min long intro to each vid . redundant info a lot of time wasted repeating themselves !
was unable to use boots , once my child opened box found that rubber on sole was hanging off and flapping .
horrible . clumps up in big patches and doesn't gel up as well as the competition bath goo . waste of money .
not very good quality for the phone case . picture was okay
will not work for a leica r mm summicron f . soo close ! but just too small . look elsewhere for that lens .
adorable , good quality and nice . it iso big that i bought it for my baby and it fitted on me !
no kindness or compassion and no love in the story at all . i didn't find one thing enjoyable about it .
do not buy xo vision products ! i have issues with their product , documentation , and their customer support is terrible !
i gave it two stars cuz i was feeling generous . quite dull with poor character development . don't waste your time .
i used the sizing chart as it said to and once i received my shoes they were way to big .
the app does not work . very disappointing . error message after error message . i would not recommend this app to anyone .
very overpriced for the product given . you can purchase these exact same things from your local walmart for less money .
my dogs breath still smells like a rotting corps
never received it !
the size was to small , they said months but my baby can't used and she only have months
poor quality of stainless steel . too light . will go to resturant store to purchase the correct one . size is ok .
it looks very dull and cheap . some stitches were torn and size is smaller than it looks in the picture .
this product has some problems . the enclosed software is flaky and the fm antenna is weak .
the bracelet is very large if you have tiny wrists . very cheaply made . will not be purchasing this brand again
these screen protectors only stayed stuck to my phone for less than two days . must have been a bad batch ?
i like bon jovi , but this cd is horrible . they totally butchered all the tracks .
did not like it deleted it the same day need to go back to the drawing board for this game .
boring book . hated the ending . i speeded through it thinking it would get better then the ending hit . hated it
i had to read it for a book club , and what a chore to get through it . his worst ever
i purchased this thinking the cd would come with it . i was dissapointed . i will be returning the book shortly .
the lens is not rigid , resulting in moir eacute distortion in its center . the description does not specify the magnification power .
has static the minute you connect it to you speaker system . not a friendly interface . not a good product or reliable
did nothing for me and saw no difference anfter using . would not reccommend for anyoene to waste their money on it .
usuall premis , several humorous segments . could have waiting till it was on hbo . could have used the earth characters more .
it sheds a lot the body is beautiful but i would not purchase it again .
not a good investment it broke the same week i bout it , it doesn't connect or charge any more
after several attempts it just did not work for me and i am returning the rest of the product
not helpful in any way . unable to find answers to easy questions . i usually have to ask friends for instructions .
this sticker is smaller than the size of your hand . i was under the impression is was twice the size .
don't w aste your money on this game . it's the worst ever . it is the worstit is to easy . bad game
bent broke and fell off on first wear its not a very good product so i would not purchase again
nothing truly special but it is pretty so i gave it stars . the horse charm is plastic as well .
jersey is great but the lettering started peeling within two months of wear . it was never put in the dryer .
one guy's opinion . like reading the ramblings of a troll on a mailing list .
i didn't make the battery life any better and this is a scam and you should be reported to bbb
after awhile it becomes very boring . then you just want to delete it i don't think you should download it
this blouse is very cheaply made . it looks like a rag hanging in my closet . no more clothes from amazon !
light comedy . typical stereotyping aging men looking for fun time . with cast i expected a more substantial story and plot .
waste my money with this phone . the color was not the bright green it shows its lighter . not as expected .
it dug into the side of my foot too narrow , and it wouldn't stay on straight . disappointed , and i returned .
i tried eau de toilette and i loved it but i can not say the same about eau de parfum .
this did not work for me . may have taken away some of the smell but far from all of it .
one of the worst independent urban films ever !
what happened to artistic integrity ? hopefully this song not an indication of the rest of the album .
other than a mild sedative , this did absolutely nothing for curbing appetite . a total waste of money . no change whatsoever .
to much language , it didn't have meaning . other than that it didn't seem like it would be that bad . yep
it's much smaller than i was expecting . it was decent quality i just wish i would have been bigger .
low quality . poor fitting , too small . the front lining of the bra came off after the first wash . the adhesive didn't last .
i hit the wrong button and accidently ordered this . why would a person reading from an e reader order this ? accidently .
i not sure if i like it because it feel funnythank youi don't like the feeling of it
got it for car trips , but it really doesn't work . it is too small and the adapter doesn't fit securely .
would not work for me ! certainly glad i purchased from amazon , for their unbeatable return refund policy .
one of the worst movies i've ever seen . it was a required assignment for a high school economics class . awful !
the charge cable does not work . slips out of the controller , and won't charge it . it is a terrible product .
ftm essentials is a core hog and slow compared to ftm . i uninstalled it and reverted to ftm .
some funny moments , but not that great of a movie
don't waste your money , very cheaply made and end where stuff is sucked up kept falling off . not worth purchasing .
the plastic covering screen was cracked . other than that likes case . the case needs to be made a little stronger .
it's well made but it's thick and the latch is not magnetic like thought itd be but it's ok
i bought of them , all of them are pieces of s t . don't waste your money .
please sell the english version of this book ! you have all her other books in english . this is very disappointing .
who would want to buy this overprice atom when amd apu could be had for cheaper
cheap imitation , static did not get reduced , and the ball split in half after a few loads .
bought this as a christmas present for my year old nephew and it only lasted a week . very disappointed .
loghts were too dull
the disk would not play in my mac , just kept rejecting itself , so i can not rate this . any ideas ?
would not turn on . will return and get a refund . very disappointed .
invasion of the bodysnatchers like storyline . nothing new but features some decent acting . some weak special effects detract from the experience .
these are relatively expensive , and they started disintegrating after a few uses . they clean well , but they don't last .
too short . left you hanging . i would read . a book that short ever again . don not know what else to say .
every finger print is left of the screen . very annoying i don't have much to day's about this screen protector .
you get what you pay for , looks good but the end very not pointed or even round , just sawed off
they are way to baggy and loose fitted . not the loose fit that i wanted especially around the leg area .
in a word , awful . i'm not sure what the goal was here , but i didn't manage chapters . shame grisham , shame !
i was very dissappointed with this item . i didn't even give it to the teacher because it looked really cheap .
the lesche tool is well constructed and heavy duty enough to cut my way into sod another difficult soil conditions .
haven't even bothered with it . i regret buying this product . i would not recommend buying it ! its cheap and flimsy .
this item should be included with the tablet in my opinoin . why would they charge you extra for a charger
they dont last longer than hour in my flashlight . i wouldn't recommend to anyone . these are absolute garbage . disappointed .
won't charge my phone . worked the first two days
i too had this game on my nook color and loved it however i am having problems opening this game .
broke when i started twisting and turning it .
worked well for my dell inspiron i think laptop for about a year . now it has failed and does nothing .
did not last a year
it didn't work for me .
items were smaller in ounces than i thought and didn't want the color was too light for me . returned items
this wig is not even close to the color shown . misleading picture . actual color is a much darker neon orange .
don't like its too slow and hard to win or get anywhere . don't like it and the product sucks .
great premise but way too short . won't get the next one unless there is more story . please give us more .
game was weel used and i had problems getting to to load and work porberly
does not have sufficient battery life , only worth the price if you want an extra battery for convenience .
seeds had minimal care instructions . i followed directions to scarify and soak in water overnight . none of mine came up .
shallow characters . the plot was contrived and didn't engage . it has potential but fell flat . the ending was quite disappointing .
not as good as i thought it would be i love the raisin spice cookies from the cravings place
love the design , but the sizing is not accurate . my king duvet barely fit the bed
this album is boring , the vocalist is horrible , the lyrics are retarded . just plain bad .
fun to do but a little easy if you watch enough movies . i will probably remove it from my device .
one pad stoped working days after . with regular easy use . no response from support . none whatsoever !
this is full of common sense info . if i had to do it again , i wouldn't buy this book .
not what i wanted wrong item looks cheap like the others ones i recieved i snd item back now refund
the vavi stopped working after week
this product is difficult to use and breaks very easily . it is cheaply made and should not be so expensive .
the was a wonderful read but the book was in horribal conditions for a new book .
suppose to be new but it had someone elses phone history . quality was so so .
don't bother . just . don't . i paid very little for it , got through about pages and quit . just don't .
it did not work , but they promptly refunded my money .
i sent this back too since i couldn't get the right bulb . bummer .
clock survived less than week before it died . had to send it back to the manufacturer .
the stickers are not clear they have a grain on them and the plastic started to break after moderate use .
no mater what i did , couldn't get rid of bubbles . re applied times . also , the skins i received were nicked .
if you have never been to disney world . then this might help you on your vacation .
lyrics great but hes going pop is he gonna end up like ja rule
they broke in less than a week under normal use ! it has a nice audio but they are really fragile .
very poor quality stock . don't waste your money . the stationery is no better .
the first installments were fine , but this addition was awful . the action not as fluid nor as realistic as the earlier games
i agree with everybody its really a useless product . very weakly built . just fell apart while i was using .
app does not work on android . . ics . make it work for all versions or pull it till it does .
horrible movie and really no plot whatsoever . definately not worth watching at all .
this product broke the first time i attempted to use it . i do not recommend avoid at all costs .
to call these flimsy is an understatement . low quality . you can see right through them . and that should do it .
i got mad because they were broke when i got them both of them . and will try to find them local
it's very bad item , it just aplastic stick , very low heat , weak blowing , bad item not working properly
wao . too many books for one story .
it was depraved , the consistency of it was jelly and full of black rings . i wouldn't recommend it to others .
the stethoscope is very hard to hear any pulse . don't get sucked in to the cute theme of the kit
don't get that game it stinks i hate it ! the levels stink ! i don't know what the gamemakers were thinking !
they don't smell bad ! not really a smell at all . wouldn't order this product again that is for sure ! boo .
not the program for me .
was a conversation with herself didn't like this book not recommend unless u like quick reads with no real story
i was looking for more details to help explain feelings to kids . not as informative as ok hoped . need more
ordered these before and didnt have a problem this time i only got one pack but paid for sleeves !
one of the pillow cases was ripped all the way down one side . i am very disappointed with this product .
the screen protectors had a sticker on them that would not come off . what a waste of money .
parents abandon their child at an amusement park . it's a kid's worst nightmare and neither funny nor entertaining . deleted immediately .
soooooo , loooonnnngggggg .
this report is more about the people who managed the company than about the company and its products or progress .
your picture shows color is golden , but actually sent to me is not the watch , is not the same style .
i can't believe i actually paid for this book . it was a waste of money . do not buy this book .
what a wasted for a book . not for me . i wanted a book that gives me easy to make food .
brushes are too large for feeder . perky pet cp pinch waist glass hummingbird feeder , oz capacity
can't use it , i ordered a charger for a samsung strive got this useless junk . one two three four .
i thought this was going to be wood and it was some junk from china . i would not order again .
when i used it , it wouldn't charge for very long and barely charged my phone . i wouldn't recommend this case .
after getting it i found the same one at costco for almost half ! its to hard to look every where .
the green coffee did not help me at all .
epson workforce , shows the cartridges as full but will not print . bought new epson cartridges and printer works fine .
i used this to connect from my laptop to a tv and could not get any picture .
i did not receive my coins . this has happened several times . i reported it once before and you corrected it .
tis not working petfectit is not work
not my favorite game , but i play sometimes . my grandson loves to play it , maybe it's for the younger generation
i thought it was boring and the plot was just another remake of a similar movie . comon hollywood . where is your originality ?
so hated this book not my cup of tea amistake to get very nasty i do not talk alot nasty
the baby would not have been able to move arms at all very strange construction . had to return it .
dislike this product , feel like sticky silicon and its very thick when put on althought discribed as a six inches .
slippery but had no problem with refund
we thought they were pink on two different screens . see it says orange , took our chances and ended up returning .
this is not what i expected . super disappointed with the quality and material that this is made of . .
too small , too clumsy , serves the purpose , but please , look elsewhere .
the charger seems okay it seems a little weakthe company sent t twice the order in charged me twice
no good
nothing new here , nothing even interesting . the secret conversations are also equally lame , nothing revealing . didn't bother finishing it
broke during first usage . not worth money spent . definitely try other alternatives . remote while handy doesn't work half the time .
bought this for my husband to exercise his hands . he said that it was not at all what he wanted .
battery showed charged , but overheated when used . returned it to bosch factory rep and he replaced it , no questions ask .
cheaply made . slides all over the vehicle and could actually be dangerous .
sliding keyboard didn't work . and it would charge . don't buy unless someone else says so for themself that it works .
not worth buying at all .
i never recived this product wait for weeks for it , next time i will not buy this product never
i have to use a stylus and really bear down . it also shows finger prints , but i use lotion frequently .
weak pump , can hardly lift any water . i use it for getting bilge water out of my leaky little boat .
cable itself is probably great , never had a chance to use it , so it didn't work for my purposes monsterpc . org
zipper rips off over time and the magnetic closure seems to deactivate the sensor strips on bank and credit cards .
the st temple run was better and other games r better dont download . its a waste of time . no point
the shoes were very uncomfortable . the insoles wadded up under your foot . after one wear boys wouldn't wear them again .
so many errors with just trying to make the account that i gave up . didn't even get to play it .
did not fit well so i washed it hoping for the item to shrinkthis product is not good hum
this cover has a awful smell to it , it must be the paint . i returned it .
think this speaks fo it's selfboogers dirty socks fart poop and so on
lenghty , tedious and boring . a tough read . i would not recommend this to readers who prefer action or roamance novels .
i said the same thing from above comment .
i don't really like these especially in comparison to the others they look super cheap ! would not recommend at all !
the remote doesn't work . i bought it for my son and i'm very disappointed that he can't play it .
it has already fallen apart . i've had far cheaper cases hold up , longer . it can't be otter box it's junk
this book is unreadable . it was translated by a search engine or something . do not buy this under any circumstance .
mister hitchcock . you should be ashamed of this piece of garbage . so dumb , its not even entertaining .
lte and g doesn't work in usa , perfect device
it is amazing to me how customers don't know the difference between a pleasant aroma and a too strong stench .
very disappointing . went to put fitted sheet on and it elastic just came completely apart and so cant use . thanks
after removing the tape attached to ink cartridge i noticed it was clogged and needed cleaning . not what i expected .
i really wish this worked . the apple cinema display flashes on and off when using this cord . do not buy .
thin wig . not as full as it looks in the picture . also kinda frizzy and the bangs won't stay down .
burned my eyelids and around my eyes terribly . i switched to sterilid eyelid cleanser by theratears .
little dishes of spanish cookingwonderful dishes different . yummmm ! quality and price great . used product great gift idea for my son !
very cheaply made . broke after wearing once .
light arrive did not work . going on months and stil waiting for either replacement or credit to my account
sucks but its danzigand i love himoh wellkevin .
this product is more trouble to use than it is worth . i would rather rate this product with no stars .
love jonathan kellerman books but hated this one . a story line was not included with this unless i missed it .
i got really disappointed with this product . it's noisy and inefficient . i don't recommend it .
i ordered thinking the sizing would be correct but had to give them to girl friend and reorder another type .
my son loves horses so i thought he would like this movie but it kept his attention for mins .
the claps would come part when my cat would scratch his neck . and the bell fell off in the package .
too much ambient noise and not enough clarity . when in the close up zoom mode it's not that different either . don't bother !
this case does not fit my galaxy s skyrocket . when on the phone my phone turns off and on constantly !
there are very few xboxes still out there this should state clearly that it is not for x box
it cannot be used with out the internet .
this ipod touch case broke upon arrival at my house . i was not able to use it for my ipod .
this item was listed as being able to buy it , but when i ordered it , it was out of stock .
never ordered it and don't have it .
if you roll the stick up any height at all the stick breaks . happened to me on two separate items
i bought this for a trip over a month in advance . had to get one at bestbuy for the trip .
i bought this book with a promotional price and i think it's story is awful .
unable to down load music so haven't been able to use it yet . until then can't give anymore accurate rating .
this pedometer is so sensitive that it records steps when you are driving in a car !
it broke on the first day it was used . was very flimsy and didn't seem to fit the phone properly .
just another app that doesn't work on kindle fire hd ! i knew i should have bought the surface pro .
it doesn't work
i did not like the concert . the sound and the picture was just o . ki would not recommend this concert . !
pretty . but pattern didn't last no time at all !
it is of poor quality and it broke quickly . the construction is cheap and it is not worth the money .
this is not the way to raise a healthy child . far better information can be found at . and .
this is return item . no base , void of substance , its all statements nothing back up their finds . do not purchase !
it is very aggravating and some of the levels are too hard to get through . even the night owl sometimes .
wacces can't make up their minds what their bands are supposed to be . cheap metal clips ? questionable plastic clips ? what !
followed directions but not a single blade of grass grew in my backyard . do not use . at all . thank you
the size and feel is fine , but the smell is hard to overlook , even though its not in your face .
great shape and weight , but not one bit of glow in the dark which is how they were sold . disappointing !
it broke super fastnot a good buy . cheap . it is not even worth three dollars ! go with better quality !
it was a great movie up until the end . pissed me off ! made the entire movie not worth watching . boo
fell asleep twice . movie to nowhere ? way to much studio filming , never bonded with characters , too many bigger than life scenes .
well this the last one . cant use the batteries because the flashing case for the i phone was used and broke .
chick lit . nothing more , nothing less . why do i need to use more words ? six more words are required . the end
these candles are ugly ! the palest gold i ever saw . i will have to spray them before i use them
uuuuuggghhhh and thats all i have to say about it because im mad about the whole thing but the refund
although box boxes said ice tongs , one had a cocktail strainer in it . not even close to what i wanted .
i'm not satisfied ! i never received the item .
these brushes are very cheap for artists , although good for small children to play around with different sizes of material .
i have been trying to open this game for over a week . i have download the game twice can't play .
o . k .
it feels like the book just keeps repeating the same scenario .
yo son ! this is tha worst album of tha year ! don't buy this piece of sh t
got the wrong thread size so i strip my studs . paint chipped off easily
the stonewall's jerquee says that it is not certified at this time . this should be clarified in the product description .
i tried it just as it recommended and it didn't help with feeling full or anything . don't waste your money !
had about showing above the end of toes . shoes are too tight . will be returning .
couldn't figure out how to turn it off ! it just kept going ! deleted it the same day i ordered it .
product didnt work and contacted support and they still havent returned my call for weeks !
advertised to fit the macbook , is too big , sent email to provider , but never received a reply .
don't like the black pages . would have preferred white pages . too hard to color . wish i hadn't ordered the book .
junk . burnt up my phone in a week . really nothing else needs to be said about this junk product . trash .
really should be no stars . doesn't work . can't focus on a card . uninstalled already . don't bother . nothing else to say .
easy to rate this , unsatisfactory tells the whole story . product does not install on pc vista .
the worst ever don't buy . i really like susan miller and thought i would give this a try . so wrong .
after several weeks of use , my nails peeled more . i realized that this product contains formaldehyde . do not recommendthis product .
poor quality , legs bend at weld spots , don't recommend to anyone , no need to waste your money on these
the stories did not hold my interest . far from being erotic reading . waste of money and very disappointing . not recommended .
this product is not worth your money and for educational purpose just get a fish or a tadpole .
this item looks really cheep , may be good for small child but not for a teen or for a tween
this thing isn't worth . , much less . the lid broke after the third use . it's useless .
i cannot take this due to my allergies . i had a bad reaction to this product . that is just me .
i thought that pete seeger would be performing the garden song , but it was arlo guthrie . i am so disappointed !
for the love of god ! if you value your sanity , don't buy or watch this movie !
it was interesting to watch half the world infected and then find a way to end the plague . once was enough .
to big for my three year old . other than that ok . a little flimsy but looks are nice . f b
not true to size
broke within a month
i have had this drive only months . crashed dead . lots of valuable info , family photos video , all gone .
no fun to play
i had a really bad experience getting this set up and printed ! not sure i want to try this again .
the title says sweet cupcakebut you can read that it says sweatthat is not ee it is ea
way to small .
it is a waste of money and a big disappointment . i will be returning it .
the strings came out within minutes of my daughter putting it on . i would not recommend this to anyone
constantly reads hi regardless of temperature as soon as you plug in the thermometer . doesn't get much worse than broke .
very cute , but way too narrow in the ote area . also feels like it is made from cardboard . will return .
sprayer is plastic , no quality metal atomizer . no pressure release valve . there are much better sprayers out there . avoid this one .
stupid movie
does not last through the entire night during extended winter nights . it starts bright but is out by the morning .
read this book for book club . it was a big dud . probably wouldnt have enjoyed it otherwise as well .
it doesnt look good and it not a good comic . it doesnt rlly hav a plot to it . plz dnt read it
don't remember this so must have not impressed me with the product , still not enough words that you require for this .
you get what u pay for . stone is loose and doesn't look like picture
this app is a waste of money . i love i instagram but i'm not paying . . it should be free
when first time use this a metal parts that hold spark plug was come out with plug ! that's no good !
this armband sucks . unless you have pythons this band slides right off . there is very little room to tighten .
my old mount lasted for years , this one lasted for days , before it fell off the window and broke .
i still have not received the battery . tried to contact the vendor but all i get is an automated response .
softgels were oily in bottle obviously some had leaked . had fishy smell . i would not order again nor recommend to others .
i this book was very long winded . the book repeated information in different chapters . it could have been much shorter .
this would work great for fogging up bathroom windows . sucks . less than a buck . still sucks . more words required .
the rubber tips are not fastened . after a day or two of use when you swipe the tip pops out .
super fake ! quality sucked
i received my order and the cd was scratched very bad , so i was unable to enjoy cd . disappointed bad
the connection was limited and wasnt a constant good working signal . also difficult to set up and all around annoying
the bubbles and the sticky adhesive take away from the look of the phone . my screen appears to be dirty .
neither one would work put two sets of new batteries in each and they wouldn't turn on . so i retured them
not was is pictured , it is a belt style , not paddledwill send back since it is not what i wanted
the product came incomplete , did not have the black rubber belt , rest is okay , i await your response as soon
used ingredients not found in regular stores . need to have a whole foods store near you . which i don't have .
these were a big disappointment . they are little more than black strings on a silver ring . there you have it .
the item came with a used code , item was unusable . add was miss leading to say the least .
too many grammatical errors for me . at times it even seemed like paragraphs were missing because it was very incoherent .
bad signal not worth even half the price . skip this one unless you like flushing money down the drain .
the game is fun to play with the exception of having to purchase coins to get to the next level .
flimsy .
unfortunately these do not fit most bottles so most of our bottles they don't work on which is very disappointing .
this product will not fit in the area between the seat arm rest , the bottom part is not slim enough .
my dog did not like it .
the horn worked , but it broke easily . the plastic split in half and i could no longer use it anymore .
doesn't work on the kindle fire , might work on i pod or phone but not the kindle fire , sorry about that
i bought this for my dad . wont play in his dvd player . it gives an error which i don't recall .
a pin was not aligned it broke and i never got to see any video from my pc . junk .
i love aubrey but this oil was greasy and did not smell good . left my hair stringy and oily looking .
this is not accurate or complete or un edited , bits and pieces . not a good study tool for a student .
the sole came off after using for a month . then it became hazardous , because it was from the front side .
plugged it in to my iphone s and got error on iphone saying device not supported and charging stopped immediately .
this item is not universal to all jawbone models . it must be for either very old or very new models .
there was nothing to stabilize the phone in the case . my phone fell repeated .
poor quality tools , not what i expected . another made in china set of tools that are not precise at all .
it gotr my wife by for a couple of months , i guess the price matched the quality so oh well
poorly made , too small for a size .
don't waste your money ! doesn't work !
hard to discern some of the monologue at times , no real description given nor any sense of historicity . c'est fin
not the greatest quality but served its purpose . i have an unopened one still . can i return it ? please advise
very disappointed with this book thought it would be about relative modern times could not recommend this book under any circumstances . period ! period ! period !
just could not get into this one , maybe just not in the mood . sorry it did not capture my attention .
i love murder mysteries , detective stories , etc . i love dexter . but this book is poorly written and way too violent
thought this would be easy and fun after reading all the reviews . waste of money .
this item is low quality foul odor and also i sent it back because it did not match the bedspread .
i just used this product one time and i found a piece of plastic in my salad .
more pop crap i'm very sick of the placebo syndrome next .
terrible walkie talkies ! do not buy ! waste of money ! all you can hear is static .
i've already tossed this out . the ends never lined up properly and the entire thing was quite wobbly .
dont wast your money and i have to write this just to make up the word requirement ta da da
it is not practical for my use because my . lb yorkie is too small to use the harsh collar
i read the first ten pages and found in could not read another word . this book is not worth it .
won't keep charge unless set just right , sometimes would go on and off , hard to plug in right while driving
too big , bulky and awkward to use should return it but not worth the effort very disappointed do not recommend
it's not an iphone skin , it's an iphone sticker . it's not a protective anything . not worth . let alone . .
unfortunately for the lighter body was scratch . i had to use the services of the engraver . to remedy this shortcoming .
did work well
el telefono los primeros meses funciona , despues se da ntilde o sin explicacion alguna no funciono mas y no funciona mas
looked way better on model , it is like plastic and ugly .
bulky underneath the bra . wasn't a good wear .
hey who built this . you can not take any photos . it does not let you do anything . it is horrible .
sold as droid x charger it's not . doesn't work fit droid x so useless . a waste of money .
too much violence all throughout the entire book . most of it unnecessary . loved gone girl ! won't recommend dark places . maureen g .
this was downloaded accidentally but i did give it a try . definately not an app that i can't live without .
did not work after days nothing changed after whole bottle day supply a bit disappointed after all
got this for my husband who loves to cook . great for hunting trips . cuts the fries perfect . recommend to all .
i returned this item due to the fact that pieces on the saddle were coming off when i received it .
the cover fell apart after only two weeks . item is cute , just not good for a heavy user like me !
it will not work
does not work with otterbox case , we bought this saying it was and didnt . beware .
the screen freezes frequently . phone drops calls . sometimes calls fail during communications . my experience with this phone is very negative
buy the first seasons , rent the th season . not very good terrible scripts .
control got so hot i was afraid it was going to start on fire . sent back because of this defect .
shoes are very trendy and comfortable but unfortunetely they quickly lost their look , i mean they quickly lost their color
shakes and rattles . cant use side buttons on phone while in bracket . holds well to windshield but that's about it .
did not connect and when connected once it disconnected not an item which i would suggest purchasing ! better device q
i was really expecting more of the characters . the personalities were dry and it took too long to feel anything .
i used them for watches for my kids , toys and little crafts at home , it fits to most of them .
size was not clear when i ordered . result is that the size was too small . too cheap to bother with return .
it doesn't fit the htc evo , it want stay closed . the flap continues to pop open it's too short .
this cd really sucks , except for the main title theme and hi'ilawe by john cruz . those two cuts are excellent !
the color that is claimed is tan , but it's really more like a sienna color . it resembles coffee with creamer .
this charger charges so slow . at one point it started to charge backwards . i would not recommend this product here
since the last update this app is crashed . i can not log in . fix it for a better review . greetings .
rudimentary . not at all sophisticated . given manufacturer's age range , we expected more . good for under age , in my opinion .
not very accurate , bought three and they are always off by about , but besides that they are okay
recieved my order very fast . used this item weeks and it already shot craps , don't buy !
way to big . i am ft tall and weigh lb and it was way to big . sucky deal
it all opinion based no actual evidence to back clams that are in the book it's not a bad book
i've purchased total . everyone compliments in how great it looks . have not had any problems with it . thank you !
i did not like the writing style . it bothered me so much i didn't finish the book .
i love the idea behind this product , however the attachment that goes to the phone already broke . not good quality !
i bought it because was nice price . ! quality is not great , but you get what you pay . most time ! i believe .
piece of trash . waste of money
it's like detective books and i love detective books . only it's not such a good book or good fit book .
book was used so the highlighting by former user was somewhat expected . book in fair condition . useful . thank , cw
product was entirely to small . could not wear it at all .
cute game . to young for a yr , lol . my great nephews would love it .
i love the design on this but the one i received its completely different from this ! i was sooooo disappointed !
the lipozene did not work . i saw no results , even though i followed the directions carefully . i am very disappointed .
it was suposed to be black and it came out green dark jose g clariondpapito yahoo
the day i received this it came with no on off button . so pretty much it was useless . waste of money
i bought this to hide the box behind the tv . it won't work with the comcast hdtv set top boxes
sounds lousey because every one well lots of people say negitive things so that's help full thanks people thank you
color is fine . fit is fine . only problem is the packaging wrinkles . nothing i ve done has made them go away .
after reading the reviews i was hoping this would chase away the raccoon family in our attic no effect .
i tried it for my iphone gs and didn't work . error message . accessory not supported . rating one star to much .
great idea but it is very cheaply made . the screen looks very fake . unhappy with purchase . would not purchase again .
check the ingredients ingredientsroasted peanuts , sugar , palm oil , salt . go for the costco brand , or laura scudder . their ingredients peanuts
takes like hours to get ready . is ridiculous doing updates , updates and updates . is just crazy i don't like it
although i was excited about the retractable cord , this was not the correct item for the electronic device i own .
these are not the apocryphal books . it is the books of adam and eve . order it with this in mind .
but she does not like it at all . feathers are very stiff , and maybe too large . still , seems well made .
i got half the amount of product i expected for the price and was disappointed by that .
my kid was able to download this app . there is no age restriction ! ? ! ?
somewhere in the description it mentions being grommet handles , which in actuality there are no handles . i was very disappointed .
the writing style in this book is very poor . it is more like rambling self talk than writing with a purpose .
sadly i got duke into buy the short version .
i am not impressed with this book in the least it is not that comprehensive and it is pretty blah .
hillary needs to fall off this earth and never be heard from again ! what a waste of time and money .
it broke within a week of receiving and using it . the idea is good but not the product
stupid , just drags on and on , don't see how it can be entertaining , maybe the simple minded would find it ok
the voice recognition works for adults , not kids . what is the point of that ?
i don't like it because it's expensive . i buy it because i need it . anyway it fits to my car .
it did not fit good at all . it was way to big so i am very disappointed in this dress .
this was a terrible purchase . case does not stay on phone . please refund . i will never get another case other than an otterbox .
i did not work as it should have . i feel it should have worl ot wouldn't charge . not a t all
i like touch of the heel dock , but the problem is that it slips on the car floor .
boring . boring boring boring . get the picture ? i wouldnt read this book again with your brain , his eyes , and her glasses ! boring !
i was extremely disappointed that the watch stem pulled out the minute we tried to set it to current time .
i did order in my size which is and it was way too small , so i did return , thanks .
doesn't work , was total waste of money .
unable to connect ot anything
they keep hanging up my calls . not worth it . next time i won't even bother . i think oem is best .
it does not recognize simple words like chicken . the idea is good but they need to work on the quality .
be careful it is way too small even for a single cup ! what a joke .
it got the job done but you get what you pay for . cheaply built and the locking mechanism broke quickly .
did not fit her and was super complicated to return or exchange for a new one . should convert sizes better !
the motor and remote was dead on arrival . wasted on helium . poorly made . they need to refund my helium purchase .
it is very cheap looking . the clasp looks like cheap silver plastic . i would not recommend this knock off bracelet .
bad quality .
what ? no tiny disposable rubber gloves ? no differently colored playmobiled figures so my little johnny can practice ethnic profiling ? one star .
no matter how much i kneaded it , it would not combine . i used packets and threw the rest out .
no matter how hard we tried , just couldn't get the top of my arch into either boot i am returning it .
not the real thing watch out
way too short
set arrived with two kings and no queens in same suit !
purchased but did not like the hard not crunchy texture . not going to risk tooth damage for my familyj
i didn't get it to work , and working for a solution to get it to work for me . that's all .
these discs stink the scribing does not last on them unlike the non colored discssave your money
blue sparkle got all over things . sparkle on my hands , on the table and everywhere . i thru it in trash .
half mystery , half political ranting about taxes and congress . a good series gone bad .
i thought the headbands were cute and perfect for winter . i wanted them for my grandchildren to wear to school .
enjoyed reading
it would shock my dog when she wasn't doing anything , just laying in her crate . i wouldn't recommend this product .
what the hell amazon this is no mercy' not because is from cleveland , ohio and i'm goin to that
adhesive back not strong enough to stick to most surfaces falls off
don't bother , smell isn't that pleasant plus it didn't help my muscle and or joint pain whatsoever . waste of my money .
why is it listed as a tesla model when the box clearly says ? it makes searching very frustrating .
this ruler is full of kinks and uneven bends . it will definitely not produce a smooth even curve . horrible product !
did not download correctly even if it charged my credit card . please let me know how can i fix this
not dark brown , very thin , sheds a lot , tangles every seconds , need about to make a full coverage .
took up too much space in the helmet so it was impossible to get a good fit .
the left earbud stopped working within a couple of days of use . they feel flimsy
too graphic violent and disgusting . i could not get into it , the story line was weak i didn't like it
bought this for my mom as xmas gift via my bro's account . was charged . , got the band tagged . !
a cheap looking boot . it looked like a wrapped a dead otter around my foot . would not reccomend this product
i searched for a u spaced brush plate . this is u in height , but does not span the rack rails .
this was simply a terrible attempt at a remake of disney's film . same script , same character , worse actors , and direction .
not very sturdy
this crap smells like burning hair .
warning do not download this app . it has viruses . i immediately removed it .
i still don't know the purpose for it useless !
received this and it doesnt even fit the lg . complete waste of time . wont go down that path again with this vendor
i bought this app and its giving complications , i cannot open it . it would be nice if it actually worked
this product was not durable it came apart in about weeks the top and then the bottom
this was okay i like that it's all one piece , but my daughter didn't like it at all .
did not work for my galaxy .
worst tasting product in the whole world . i gave it to a friend . bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
can't get wifi to work but the tablet is nice looking will update when i am able to use it .
i am at a loss how to even play the game very unhappy
the person in the image is not eddie . he is robert plant of led zeppelin .
i have a huawei ideos s and simple this keyboard does not work ! only pair , but not connect .
tops still tight on top of leg . looking for something softer . washing separately is just too inconvient . any suggestions ? thanks
it did not work .
just another shirt . could have grabbed one of these at target or dairy mart for that matter . three more words .
more like a smaller beanie . not quite a tam , not enough room to hold my hair . warm winter hat though .
clip only lasted days . poor quality ! did not hold up to normal use . ! looked good , but piece broke off super easily .
after a few uses of the light , the bulb melted away from the wire will need to refund or reship
plastic on the top of the cover broke within two days
earrings were a little too small for me but i kept them . the measurements throws me off .
just to blah for my tastes . she is to demanding to be a true submissive . a waste of my time .
for this app to work , it should connect to a source library . i can find no way to do this .
this is the smallest roll they make . i thought it would be the bigger one . i think it's over priced .
these batteries match exactly what my camera requires and they completely fried it . i highly do not recommend buying .
had mlb at bat for kindle fire it was my favorite app where is the update for kindle fire ?
it falls out of the laptop . it randomly dies , for example going from to out of nowhere !
if you are a clint walker fan , don't watch this movie . it is unbearably heartbreaking and painful to watch .
easy to mount . at first look nice , but stopped working after few days . now it is stuck with green light .
so . the subtitle says why he can't win . guess what , steele . he won . yes ! take that !
it was rushed , the plot made little to no sense at times . the main character was infuriating . just , no . never .
the color of the dress was not good with my skin tone . so i had to send it back , dissappointed !
what a waste of money . this didn't cover up anything and is not smear proof !
my android pad will not install this app . the check programs fail to allow this app to install . dissaointment .
product worked great for about weeks . stopped working today , for no apparent reason .
slow reading .
what's changed in cheap clueless teeny bopper market driven pop ? nothing . the more things change .
iordered the pods by mistake . i use the k cups . this product does not work with my coffee maker .
the ad stated that this could be used on the regular kindle . it cannot . so i wasted a bit of money .
just too many errors on my kindle fire devicemaybe you will have better luck with the game than i did
sorry , but my cat , frankie seemed interested at first , however that didn't last to long . about minutes at best .
the monitor failed goes black after about twenty hours operation . indicating it was not properly tested by supplier .
inflexible fabric , hard sole . bought wide , but still too narrow . the upper did not appear like it would stretch . returned .
didn't work with dimmer buzz noises made us instantly take them out and send for a refund decent price though
i thought it was much thicker , the texture is very thin it really appeared to have a fluffy finish hmmm
the print starts to wear off and scratches superr easily had it only for weeks and it looked blah
none of the jokes were really that funny . i've either heard it before , or they just aren't funny . no joke .
granted , if one had never had any experience with two wheel transportation this could be enlightening .
i would have loved it but , it didn't have a ending . i must not have gotten the full download . ?
you have saved me much time and frustration as with other apppsthanks again so much for your honest opinions
shirts are of varying sizes and all too short . poor quality print for design . would not purchase this item again .
deleted it from my kindle . amazon when will the people that have kindles fire be able to download candy crusher ?
this product is very comfortable . yet very fragile . my wife put them on and they ran immediately . she is not happy .
the only song i liked was crazy . all others are a bit bizarre .
yeah no worth down loading unless you just want pics of girls
it's the most popular things right now and i have it in my kindle right now and i love it .
the story was lengthy , monotonous and seemed never end . no true character development with an abrupt ending . disappointing .
the packag arrived with no sotware in package . no software means noway to update firmware noway to register the hardware .
it stands awkwardly and not enough room to type . doesn't always stay up and very unstable when it is standing .
the plates are flimsy and do not work well withe duplo . i always thought that all lego products worked together .
case was very nice but plastic overlay kept restarting my phone . rubber piece seemed to fit fine . couldn't use , returned .
too general to help practice qi gong in a functional way .
the coin is in bad shape not like the picture' id like a refund or a better coin thank you
to big and bulkie
i wish i would have opened it earlier so i could return it . there are much better tools out there .
very simple no fun no no no no no do not bother downloading this unless you are very easily entertained .
i'm sure you can find a better deal for some towels and a functional pot holder in about minutes .
it does not fit the model garmin i ordered at the same time i ordered this extra holder . how s that !
this case is so cheap the material is terrible the only thing i like is the design on the back
these shoes are pretty , and they are very comfortable . they just seem a little to roomy and kind of large .
bad picture
this shoe was sent back
elvis is no bigger than your thumb . they should have the size in their description .
i like the size but the picture makes it look black edges with gray insert but it is all black .
it's more focused on the ham radio manufacturing process than any other topic . i doest not come with close caption .
only worked on of speakers in my car when played . returned .
no text . just the cover . defective . or a ripoff . don't buy this . i'm reporting this so called book to amazon .
they don't work for me . nice idea tho' . . i need more words to finish this review two more . jim
for the oil and shipping ? that's quite a scam you've got going there !
shipping took forever , even longer than was promised . looks good with the decor in my childs room .
the dial looks a lot classy in the picture unlike the real piece which looksshoddy and cheap .
tried to put a pair of ar s in it . was only able to close it with severe bulging and misalignment .
waste of money
they were too short . got a size and they were still to small . they have a strange shape . la
the case did not have the colors it should have . it was faded to where you could hardly see it
even though it was a universal stand it did not fit . did not contain any information pertaining to stand . none !
when will they stop advertising dark circle corrector . i don't think there is a product out there that works .
love this book beautiful because it can really happen to a human in life . love love this book so much
i have better versions of solitaire then this one . user friendly , but did not suit my needs for playing . at all .
it was not in new condition . the fan didn't work and there was a burning smell coming from it .
i ordered what i thought was the novel shutter island what i received was a carton comic like book
i was addicted to pc zuma games , but this isn't pop cap , and doesn't have any powerups , and gets really boring .
constantly reverts to lo quality from hd . not happy having just paid more for prime . colbert is funny anyway .
case looks great but i tried to take the rubber out of the shell and the shell broke right away .
the ball is not worth the money . i have had others for far less that were better for my son .
great book till the aliens are brought into the book ! yes aliens in a zombie book . ruined it for me .
always being disconnected and losing credits . not enough free offers to give you anything to play on for very long
different from the usual games i play . so far so good . but i wish hints did not cost any money
i have this one and the clips do not hold it on anymore so i can no longer use it .
its not worth any money . looks terrible could not fool anyone ! dont even think about wasting your time money .
this item broke during first use . i would not recommend . a spark plug gapper should designed to last a lifetime .
after a short time , this lighter requires several attempts to get lit , adjustment of the spark gap , etc .
my son picked this out and said its ok . the buttons are hard to push on the sides of the phone
very bad
drum came dented with large scratch and harmonica is too hard for kid to blow it
product hid drivers do not work correctly with windows . sound is ok , but interferes with screensavers and sleep hibernation functions .
pointless ? why not bolt directly to the wall ? waste of money . will be returning these as they are not required .
would not recommend this book . character development poor and story line contrived .
this was a beautiful watch but my mother in a nursing home found it difficult to push the light button .
very poorly made . as i tried them on the first time my fingers tore them apart . the material is worthless .
why did i buy this book ? do i really need to know how dysfunctional rich families are . i feel guilty .
the ring is gorgeous and fits my hand very well but it broke the first day that i got it
silly hat . looks like a kid's hat !
this is from the guy who wrote those great matthew scudder books ?
i cant use it no sence of buying it , so i pretty much wasted my money no no no no
the packaging was not very protective . the ring was all dented and out of shape . would like to return item .
this bracelet broke within a week ! it is very cheap ! don't waste your money ! i don not recommend it !
they fall apart when you touch them . complete waste of money .
please do not confuse the author , mary e . faulkner , with mary faulkner . they are not the same person !
they take your money and do not deliver product . google light impressions problems and you will see what i mean .
this book consists of technical language that is hard to comprehend . i did not find this book useful at all !
ads pop up after about every three to four puzzles so annoying . i deleted it in less than minutes .
i inflated it and it wont hold air completly worthless a ball that wont hold air very dissapointed with it
did not cut acrylic nails . left them broken and jagged . waste of money unfortunately . serves me right for going cheap !
waste of money , works for five minutes and then the device itself dies .
buttons are misaligned , they do not fit right at all , and this came with scratches already in the bumper .
dollar store tools
very disappointed , as cant watch it in this country which wasn't made clear when orderingwhere do i return it ?
arrived broken .
played it already online was hoping this would be different . easier to play with a mouse than a touch screen
would not recommend , not what i wanted at all . it just took things out of the bible and made nonsense .
the size dont fit , im order in m , and fit like and s . to small for me . thanks !
bad bad bad . did not work and is made out of cheap material
don't bother wasting your money on this article . it is less than a page and doesn't offer any insight !
was not pretty and i never used it . not a good deal buy something you see first . not a bargain .
i thought i was purchasing a full sized calendar i didn't . too bad i didn't read the description more carefully .
the clip is loose and flimsy for the hefty price tags . i didn't like the weight of the pen either .
it only came with the frame cover , and one tool . im missing one tool and the adhesive .
it broke . literally days after i received it . i wouldn't recommend this product to anyone ! what a rip off .
really not good product . i bought for months . i have one kilo extra i used it from days
crap
tried to remove dog urine stains from my wood floor and this did not do any good for the job
junk all they do is break . just get a new filter unless you like buying parts .
would not install properally after download i troubleshooter every possable problem installed amazon install kit even to attempt to fix
these boxers short are not for competitive use fyiumm the size says medium and its at least a size large
granddaughter played it but i wasn't truly interested in it . another way for amazon to drive you nuts . more words !
no comment
some of the pieces were chipped or broken around the edges . it was not what i expected . very more quality
horrible ! difficult to load , lengthy intro not worth the cost .
this application is full of ads . it's not the google application or anything like it . please to not use it .
i had to send it back . did not work well with me .
it does what it is supposed to do . that is the reason that i ordered it . no other reason needed .
it arrived pretty fast but did not fit my phone . seemed to be of good quality . yada yada yada yada
writing is too immature . felt to disjointed like a book about spot the dog . story is also way over done
boring as hell . if you want a snooze fest this is the movie for you .
misleading product information . my ipad is not recognizing this cable at all . same with iphone . not good ! don't buy !
highlighter so poor and except pink , no other colour is even visible , full waste of money , do not like it at all ,
this book is the worst book for step ck . save your money and use another review book .
case did not fit
didn't even work . came broken
although advertised as part of this drill package , this drill does not come with a battery charger .
the covers are too large for the doorknobs . can't turn the doorknobs without great difficulty . they are not flexible enough
color doesn't look like what it looks like in the picture . almost looks like white . wasn't happy with this purchase .
jay think he can just make albums the way he want it . this album is wack .
this is a very very small house not what i had expected . thought i was buying the larger ertyl house .
great looking retro shoe . however , it was very narrow and did not fit properly . michael b
wasn't the same as the originalblack s pen touch screen stylusi would not recommend anyone to buy it
not my favorite game . slow moving through each board . not enough of a tutorial to help me . so no fun .
i ordered an extra large , got it and it might fit a chiquaqua . it costs too much to return it .
so dissapointed . stopped working after one month . had to go to best buy to get a replacement .
i didn't care for this book and didn't finish it so i really can't give much of a review . sorry
very superficial look at chicago historical events . the opra story and the story of the fountain trivializes chicagos rich heritage .
i did not receive this product ? when will it arrive ?
nothing great . i think i chuckled once or twice . kind of a chick flick but nothing i would watch again
this kick board is totally pliable and gives little support . unfortunately , none of the kick boards out there provide enough description .
i am really disapointed and sad that expiry date is months later
only games available . graphics were not good , very slow . boring . would not refer this bingo game to any one
did not clean print heads after repeated applications .
ok but it sounds like a . year old . wrote it but it was free so not to bad i guess
don't by if your buying for school , it's way out of date ! their on e , and soon to be on e
i wouldve had better luck trying to remove the hair with my mind . totally worthless
they did a terrible job cutting out the decals . they look uneven . i would not recommend these decals to anyone .
over time less than a year it started loosing some of the diamonds
i wanted to original verison and this isn't it wish i could get a refund and get the real song .
i just didn't like it . more clicking . oh yay . don't waste your money on this junk , but since your probably won't listen anyways . whatever .
not really happy with it . i expected it to be larger . it sounds tinny . i would not buy this again .
it's a soundboard , no game ! they use deceptive wording and advertising . i want my money back . not even good sound .
i wear size to and a half . wide . this pair was too large and floppy . i will return . them .
how do i see the songs that are on the cd ?
i have washed my hands a couple of times and hello kitty has already rubbed off the bead . very disappointing .
i am just getting double gq mags each month now .
i don't remember ordering this item . i can not tell what this is a picture of . i don't recall it .
poo . you made me think this was reggae . shame on you ! the music was ok , but the discis covers . bleh !
they sent the batman in black and not as it is shown on the picture wich is grey and blue .
this is not what i thought , there is no front camera for video call . i sent it back to amazon
cds as long as they aren't in cases . about cds in a jewel case .
i ordered a set of in different colors . they are all good but the green one's case is broken .
this book has only the gospel of st . markthe cover says commentary of the four gospels but only contains one .
arrived broken
i can't stomach to read it , but my wife seems to like it .
this did absolutely nothing for my phone , my service is still the same . don't waste your money . it doesn't work .
very small perhaps this is for a child . it is so inexpensive i'm sure the postage would cost more to return .
it is too small for a large
stopped working after only using a couple of times . blades do not fit into storage compartment . would not recommend !
same as previous e mail . ordered two by mistake . didn't think the first order was submitted . therefore another was ordered .
barely pink at all . almost clear . so disappointed in the prism i gave it to my six year old granddaughter .
the wine has a horrible chemical rubbery after taste . presumably a result of the process which extracts the alcohol .
i purchased this game brand new , and yet steam still said it was regestered to another computer . what the ?
worked one time , then never again . complete waste of money .
thanks for not including the adhesive strip you knew was needed to secure the glass . more words required bam
it was not one size fits all . too small , it was too loud , and it was too strong ! what a joke !
do not get ! it says a weak enemy then when u fight he's strong ! commit suicide instead of playing this !
i'm surprised that nobody was ever told to use the force .
cute , but broke in less than one month of me using it ! also , took a lot longer to charge devices .
mine was a knock off . it didn't even fit the whole phone . so fake , it was laughable . i returned it immediately .
disgusting to spend good money on a book with only an ending to sell another book . a minus rating . oldpfart
nice size , easy to see keys , good for advanced high school or college math classes . bought it for my son .
inside hose came apart at the nozzel after less than a week
under armour is an excellent product . bought pairs of socks for christmas presents . the material works just as described . perfect .
i hate that they made this the free xmas app . sucks ! even free i feel like i was ripped off .
it s not yourl fault , this product do not match me camera , i want to return it . thank you very much
it worked for about seconds and hasn't worked since . very unhappy about this !
it was way too big and heavy for me to carry even empty and i couldn't make the straps longer .
got the disc and i knew it was not new but it did not work and thats not very good
it is not that naked butt could be better i would not recommend it for any body to buy .
it does not work and easily broken i broke it the same day ingot it trying to take it off
just like survivalcraft , . stupid ! you will hate it to death the second you download it . it a minecraft rip off
was not what i was looking for . would not recommend . no longer have this on my machine no way no how
this app was very awful and weird doesn't not even satisfy my kids these apps need to get deleted a
not as fun as you think ! the game is really slow . i thought that is was going to really interesting ! wrong .
it good of have a longer book . but i did lie the beginning of the story on how they meet .
way over priced ! ! save your money and buy directly from rodan and fields ! this is ridiculously over priced !
it really wasn't as fun as people make it sound it was kind of boring after a couple of minutes
the depiction of our first lady was not good and not the points i want to emphasize to my daughter .
it was not what i expected . a little far fetched for my taste , wish it had ended better for my taste
my kid loves it . it's just a fun easy game . download it for a fun time waster . o kay kay
there was nothing simple about this , unless your'e a tech geek . no help to me . i wasted money on it . may try to resale
these are not adjustable for a smaller head . i ended up giving them to my son because they were huge !
i've made better home made bread pudding than this .
less than a week later the red sox logo wore off . disappointed . now i need to find a new collar .
greatly incorrect and far from truth . however you may want to buy it to know how lies are weaved .
did not work for me . other products out there which i found to be much cheaper and work much better .
don't easier your time or money on this . i kept waiting for it to get better but it never did
peels off of everything
i bought this for my daughter and it quit after a week . all of them ! amazon should not sell this .
after sewing the seam is released . i'm sorry but i did not like . my daughter did not like . im so sorry .
one of the sources for this book is the author's use of channeling spirits . thanks but no thanks .
could not watch it all . the movie kept stopping while the people keep talking . not very impressed with this movie
the movie was unconvincing , at best , especially since i know quite a bit about the case . the acting was poor .
too bad its ugly and doesnt fit on my tight it looks good on the picture but in person no !
did not smell like lavender oil
this is not a wallpaper creator . a downloader , not a creator . the creator is on their website . waste of space .
not a good reception when you talk you sound like a robot .
the ipad drops down when its set in the second position
this cd doesnt sound like any of her older songs . i really dislike this cd . dont waste your money on it .
low resolution downloadable version is not worth watching . much of the eye candy is not present because of resolution problem .
used mr clean scrubbing pads in the past , it doesn't work as effectively as it used to . i'm very disappointed !
do not buy , go for an ipad no comparison at all . even the older version of ipad is bettere
didn't like it because is is larger than i expected
this is in no way even similar to the famous gershwin song summertime . even at . it was a waste !
the flower design started peeling off .
the size left extra material under the toes and ball of the foot . see above , see above , see above now .
it doesn't fit the filter it says it does . can't spin the water because it's not wide enough . wouldn't recommend .
couldn't enjoy this game to big could not fit it into the screen , i wouldn't recommend this game . don't like
there is no way in the world i would let anyone under read one of these books .
hate it . it was really , but really boring . i did not like it at all . no my type of book
unfortunately ours broke right after the expiration date of the possibility of returning it . it worked great until it didn't .
worked solid until last weekend . months and it gave up . not long enough sorry even for a cheap one .
there are no instructions so i couldn't figure out how to play it . a demo or walk through would be helpful .
not interesting boringnot goodgot tired of reading the bookboringhatednoninthusiasticwanted to fall asleepbooorrringggggggggthumbs down
it's pretty lame , follows the same concept as the old lights out games of the nineties but no levels here .
captures what i wanted to , but you have to renavigate every time if you do not check every minutes .
coasters appear larger online but , smaller in real life , barely cover the cup holder bottom . the color quality was fair .
a short story that was quite enjoyable .
it's good but price is too much
not interesting no no no no no did not like , made no sense no plot not funny boring thats all
these brake so easy i bought and are broken already i would not recommend these at all
the dress did not fit across the bust . i returned it .
product arrived quickly , but it was missing the inside lining , even though it was described to have one .
it just organizes free online videos that you could easily get for nothing . rabbit tv is not worth the money .
it does what i intended it to do . take up time between chores . i don't have anything else to add .
i bought this scale for classroom use and i find that it is difficult to zero and requires frequent zeroing .
this item broke the first time i use it , and stopped charging . you said it was new ! new doesn't break !
this was slow and dull , poor acting , i would give a star but that is not a option here .
don't waste your money it never worked i had to throw it out
junk . broke very quickly . hard to find a good cord
cheap quality not worth the price posted
i used capstar the day before applying this . adult fleas were back on the cats the next day .
since the gadget that goes with it only worked one day , there was no chance to even try it . sad .
the battery life of the original battery years old was terrible , and this one's about a improvement . disappointed .
gave awaydid not meet expectationswas hoping to use for multiple daysbut after couple timesstoppedsuch a disapointment
my experience the cooper plating resembles a mylar film that peels off after one season and leaves the aluminum exposed .
light doesn't go on doesn't work . you never know when it needs replacing or not ! i have given up on brita .
used it for a vacum , it blew up and all i got was . backnext time i wont bother
i got this app and after the th level it was switching the outfits on me . i don't recommend this app .
i was very disappointed with the dress . it was ill fitting and the material was flimsy . i would not recommend .
rented by accident but tried to watch it anyway , big mistake and a waste of money ! wouldn't recommend at all
they gave us the wrong filter size . but it is much expensive to sent it back . so we just adjust the size .
this app sucks . the ads are annoying . there is no other choice tho . the older version is much better .
there is no normal shoe faithful air ring leader and shipping precious not to be a declaration of shoes
won't level too far without spending your own . you'll have to buy gems to repair your pick to dig far
i got defective one with cut on the shirt . for the price i'd expect arc to run better quality control .
disappointed about this , i was really expected something else , kind of strange taste , i would definitely not buy again . sorry !
it cost even higher than turbotax website . adding one state need something and e file need bucks . not worth
don't like it at all
i think the songs on this cd are those of an amateur . very bad sounding .
the first pair split at the finger , light garden work . i'd pass on these and get something with more durable stitching .
description says pcs only received was disappointed did i read the description wrong ? if not very misleading
they are very flimsy and thin . they should last the season but will require replacement next season . thank you . j
the original was a good movie . version didn't engage my attention for more than three seconds .
absolute rubbish . cables all are either intermittently or permanently failing after months . it's now too late for a refund !
i did not really like this work of fiction . it was very drawn out . boring . predictable . tedious . would not reccomend .
right top and left bottom has deep lines . it looks or resembles like one of those cars that got keyed .
there are some black glue on the shoes ! i really hate this and am very disappointed about the poor quality !
i recieved colors . i was missing a cable . the yellow one to exact . the red one came in broken .
you could barely tell what it was . the graphics were so off and yellow . gave it away
strong smelling , not real pleasant . unpleasant stickiness . not as smooth as other lotions i've used . can't recommend this product . disappointed .
i ordered a large and it still didn't fit . you have to be pretty thin to wear this coat comfortably .
it broke the irate day the cross part . u get what u pay for ! pretty but not long lasting
i wasnt very impressed by these recipes at all . some included potatoes and other foods high in carbs disapointing really .
the lid was chipped and cup looked used . was very upsetting since it was suppose to be a christmas present .
great romantic story that will bring back some good memories of your first love .
i can't believe they actually sell this . it's so cheaply made and barely works .
i liked this book , the characters were fun , very descriptive , i will definitely read more books from this author . good read !
shipping was super fast but , it took my battery instead of charging it ?
nice glasses . but not . oz . not even close . we measured and are just . oz .
zero stars i was never able to open it , therefore i never used it . i deleated it from my kendall .
i bought these products because i love the hair treatment . my hair looked frizzier than ever after using this combo .
this was a great concept that just has so much wrong in itit loses all the fun by the end
they fit well and are comfortable , but the gushing air sound with each step is annoying and makes them unwearable .
did not fit my phone even when i put the type of phone it was for .
the description did not mention that this was an older bit version . seven more words required three two one
the proverbial , u get what u pay for , but don't sell it , the blades are dull , i could not get a shave with it .
wouldn't keep working without constant restarting . called customer support and it rang with no answer . will never purchase brand again .
when i opened the front zipper was split , rest of zippers seem to be poor quality . bag material seems good
my son wanted to get this for christmas . flur not soft . it is pretty small . not a good buy .
it did not work . after i applied this item . it dried up on my pipes and fell to pieces . pronto
the screen protectors they sent me this time were not made specifically for my phone . very displeased with this product .
sticks to usb charging mode with my nexus . it is useless for me .
the bags fall of the hooks and at the slightest touch . does not work well at all . save your money .
bought this for a three and a half year old . he got bored with it quickly . controls are clunky . not impressed .
mac integration with iphoto is not workable . would not recommend as mac friendly photo editor . i returned the software to amazon .
they sell pretty ones at urban outfitters , this one looks cheap , maybe i'll use it at the beach or pool
i tried it once and it broke my sim card in to parts ! wont recommend this to any one .
absolute waste of . didn't get passed the first minutes .
not as happy as i though band and clasp appear cheaply made clasp at time doesn't lock securly needs work
i ordered caribou daybreak morning blend . what i got was green mountain extra bold sumatran reserve . not at all impressed !
i wanted to like this cd but i couldn't find a reason to even give it a second listen .
beautiful artist rendering was totally misused by production of this garment . huge you must be giant to wear that . stiff shapeless
david is pretty mellow on this cd . i like the more upbeat , fun stuff he did some years back .
it was a little too religious for my liking . the general story line was good . it just wasn t for me
these were fake , not made by vicks . do not buy !
it is informational only , not offering practical user advice on how to incorporate practices into one's daily life .
waste of time .
an effective product for the alienware m x . great cooler with led light . and i found the bottom fan cover is broken !
this item has no use , it is the worst item ever
very bad quality ! screws are loose and drop when i received it . it is very easy to be broken
i planted according to instructions and nothing produced a thing . don't buy ! looks pretty in photo but never came up .
they are not worth it . the band cuts into your skin . tried them on once and gave them to goodwill .
the onion website is over the top but these sub plots are just stretched and unfunny . not really a send up
the bank was a substitution for the e b brand . it was a gift and i gave it anyway .
plastic hinges have broken in less than a year , and the release system comes loose on it's own . very disappointed .
fire hazard it buzzs when plugged in and even sparks when disconecting . these are not ul listed ! cord is ok though
returned
when you type in bfho to get a replacement clip this peice comes up . it is not the right one .
works well , but does not stay on very well for active workouts .
so don't know for sure how to rate it ? only item so far that i have been un happy with
tedious read . suffered thru it .
i purchased this rack around a month ago now and sadly it is already rusting at all of the joints .
i only liked one song on the whole album . i think i shud just buy invividual songs , not albums , anymore .
sent me one that didn't work . no stars . couldn't supply me with another unfortunately . ill keep looking . ill keep looking
i was hoping these pills would work as well as they did for kendra . i didn't notice anything except for bloating !
trash but what you exspect is was like ten dollars lol ! but all around good for a phone ? suck sucks
i actually had to send it back because the soap leaked out of the bottle .
the app is not what it seems ! i downloaded it for my grandson and got a puzzle app instead ! what ?
it sucks , this is the worst headphones i have ever gotten in my life ! do not get it ! it sucks
really cliche . it was good , i guess . it kind of seemed like a laundry list of things that went wrong .
it was very dissapointing for a margeret weis book its not a book u wanna read . some people might though
this binder is a waste of money . it tore apart in the first month . i would recomend a fivestar binder .
what about the people that use any type of case . say about of us ! don't spend your pennies on it !
it was ok for amazon prime . i would have been disappointed if i had paid for the book . nuff said .
these instrumental 'music' files were the absolute worst . annoying irritating . song quality was also very poor ! application was deleted immediately !
i think there are better games that could go on the kindle . this is not interesting as i see it
just not this group , i tried but nope . if i could listen before i bought it i would not have .
it came broken
did not fit , ordered wrong size for ipod . need to reorder another one so it does fit better . thank you .
they are only good for flat surface , deeper recess sockets in subaru will not work .
it is not worth this time to write a review . i have done so to warn others . stay awaydon't waste your money
just save yourself some trouble and get a soul stirrers album . this album is mostly littered with garbage .
very hard to apply , save your money !
must be dull . won't cut paws or face on a shiatsu puppy .
its sucks dont buy itthe loop wont stay on and its a pain in the butt so yeah .
doesn't tune correctly drops audio to frequently ! crap crap crap crap crapcrap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap
cheap material .
loads a blank page in kindle app . amazon needs to check this title and should refund money back to customers .
not very fun . it was kind of boring . we ended up taking it off the kindle for a different game
okay , besides ideological quibbles , this is still utterly generic pop 'punk' , taking music nowhere it hasn't been before .
this was nearly imposible to read . i know i should do it be painful to read a sing song book .
good yet expected more after such a large order placed
well , either they sent the wrong size , or this thing just doesn't fit my ipad mini at all ! so disappointing .
i just couldn't get into this book and did not finish it .
the movie has a darkness to it that was a bit much for me , although it was a unique storyline
i would recommend this for anyone that likes a good romance novel . excellent reading and a down right good novel .
hey gshsjeidbdjduejs jen did i i so do ah dusk sh did hem dvd did do hedi sh did sh
what is that thingit doesn't crunch like usualreally weirdworst of the worstand it's really expensivedaaaa
gets better at the end but not as good as i thought all my friends say it is awesome
waste of time . this is a demo that only contains a few how to levels . very disappointed especially for rovio .
these are the biggest piece of junk i have ever seen ! junk junk junk ! made to cheaply storeage is awful !
i purchased this ipod cord for a gift and it did not work . very disappointed , i will not purchase again
did not work at all .
can't get the gun's or voice to work ?
was not the color i wanted did not match my choice its a totally different shade how is this possible
radio did not work on am stations . it was returned for credit
this was a disgusting soup to spiced . still crunchy after cooked . and i really like canned pea soup with ham from campbells .
. . . because this book is a joke . even more , it's an insult to intelligent , politically aware people .
terrible quality . too shiney , hair fell out hairs at a time . do not buy it ! its cheap and s ty
illustrating the practical projects with photos a must for beginners in jewellery making would have added value to this book .
i ordered the guitar almost a month a go yet i still haven't gotten it
this made my phone stop charging completely with any charger . i highly recommend not buying this . very bad product . .
i had no problem with the fit . the stockings are very poorly made . i would recommend passing on these . thanks !
i read the item description too fast and now i bought the most expensive tennis balls !
be aware this product did nothing to enhance cognitive abilities , increase focus , or to uplift the afternoon lows in energy .
why is it that much money
poor quality and did not come with all the parts . i would not buy again .
not a true x , way smaller in the length and width . shirt is very thin and cheap as well
not even good for wall decoration . lots hard plastic handle scabbard . i would not recommend this to anyone period .
did not like it
the keyboard does not work ! for the price paid , the quality is poor . i would not recommend this productto anyone .
i didnt like it i will return it very thin i looks bigger than its pictures
way too thick to fit between toes . had to return it .
it lasted day then started making loud grinding noises , by day it quit working completely , returned for refund .
normaly he is size but when it came it was size which was really weird
months old and they are coming apart at the seem . i dont even where them that much . not good .
too bad it has ads not fair in a paid app . please fix and i will update my review .
i tried everything and the headphones absolutely would not work with my husbands ps . it was a waste of money .
the left ear piece stopped functioning days out of warranty . otherwise it is a great product .
very diffcult to scan . battery go very fast . so if you read this review don't buy this magic wand .
about pages ! almost not a hint of the true story ! don't get ! it's a letdown ! worst book i've probably ever read ! trust me ! bad book !
looks good but this product prevents the placement of screen savers
full of pips . unsweetened and extremely chewy . if this is your style go for it .
i have a new kindle fire hd . does not work with dish network box or sling device . can't get refund .
very long winded thought it would never end boring boring boring . glad i did not have to pay for it .
honestly it didn't keep the time correctly and it would randomly just quit like just stop . it got pretty annoying
i had ordered one for my work , it was working well for about three months . now its no longer working .
i was expecting a screen and it was . everything else not as expected with this good looking phone .
i can't remember when why i got this but i must have been either very desperate or very bored . either way
stones were missing . metal was bent . sent back . did not meet my expectation in the least . maybe just a bad batch .
although the cut outs on the cover are correct , it does not snap closed . i would not recommend this item .
the staying power on this perfume , not that great ! after an hour the scent is gone ! not for me ! tamara
this movie is so bad that one wonders if lloyd bridges is rolling in his grave !
lasted less than a year .
the wool come off during the first use . my baby's feet was covered with the wool .
they book offers no real insight into the exam . the practice test is riddled with errors .
spokes on left rear wheel broken
this video was produced circa and the quality or lack there of shows . skip this .
small , cheaply made , only copper plated
when you purchase a phone from this personmake sure they include who the carrier is , it may be stolen !
kind of dries out the skin and doesn't do anything to hide or improve wrinkles . i won't buy this again .
the wrist was tight and uncomfortable . i didn't care for these gloves . too restrictive . i do not recommend them . disappointed .
the description or my understanding of it did not match . im using it but prefer a bidold . my needs were different .
this book has a slow start first few chapters it didn't keep my interest . i kept wanting more to happen .
product did not work on age spots . for the money that was paid , i was hoping for better results . thanks
one size fits all ha ! they could barely fit my teenage daughter who wears a size ! very disappointing indeed .
supposedly this is the one recommended for my product replacement , but it's too small . it couldn't be any more wrong .
it's just a guide that tells you recipes . if i wan'ted to a guide to crafting i'd use minecraft wiki .
crappy game ova drive y'all sucked crap heads i would not get this even if it was free . bogus losers
for the price of lucky brand the quality just isn't , go to target and get better quality for less money
this was so poorly written . i would advise anyone considering this book to choose something else . it was completely unbelievable
it's a headband . if people are ft away ish then it's pretty but up close it's crap . don't waste your money .
have not received it yet ! still waiting for it's arrival . i was really looking forward to it's arrivalwhat a disappointment
these are abridged to the point of being little more than synopses of the books in question .
i bought this game to replace the exact same game . the options on the new one did not work correctly .
it was adorable when it arrive but after a few weeks outdoors in the sun it faded . save your money .
these do not seem to charge well . and when they do it takes forever
it's ok but i now have a wireless transmitter with many more channels to choose from and doesn't take batteries
this valve sticks at low rpms even when lubricated properly and sets off a check engine light for running lean .
beautiful product will not fit the phone it is intended for though it broke . very disappointed . i reordered and disappointed again .
pants were much bigger , a full size , than other dunner pants same size , reordered smaller size . i did like the quality .
rip off ! do not buy !
this is not really a bottle . it is sealed and cannot be opened . what a disappointment . i returned it immediately .
it was way too big color faded look usedwas not impress with it . just want to return the item back
i expected more listings for newer movies . after the free week , i've decided that i want to stick with netflix .
i thought this book was horrible . i only gave it one star because i couldn't leave a review without it .
the coat was not what was expected . had an oily residue and odd smell . i would not recommend to anyone
the sizing chart was unclear .
problems with product quality . when you wash became smaller and destained colors . it was a poor buy . would not recommend
death metal is called that for a reason . it's dead and everyone who listens to it is brain dead !
if i could of send it back i would of . did not like . at all .
instructions in chinese . very difficult to change time . also , time not brite enough .
i bought this item and it never come ! why i dont know but it never come to my house
it did not hold my iphone c
what a bore
i don't understand why it had such good reviews . it didn't work at all . super cheap quality .
did not like this at all the white part turned colors the same day i put it on my phone ,
the oral chews for dogs are very small and definitely not the same large size i purchased at the vets .
this thing stayed on less than seconds . i guess the opening is too wide to stay on .
you still have to permanently connect the air conditioner to the window . it is not what i thought portable meant .
waste of money , useless does not match product description at all . please be more truthful in advertising your product .
totally worthless book to me . it has no clear directions . i would not recommend this book in the future . thanks
though good workmanship , i was expecting a heavier material for this brand name .
works well on new or very clean carpet . if carpet isn't new , it leaves an obvious circle where it cleaned .
this dictionary wasn't as good as i thought it would be and i didn't get what i needed to learn
only holds cups ! very tiny pitcher , not sure why anyone would buy it . i returned mine .
it took two sittings to get through this cheesy , poorly acted and mind numbing movie . it just wasn't that funny .
wrong color . it was black not hot pink and a birthday present . needless to say . i had to buy something else
i was very happy with this product in the begining , it fits well . over a short time it stopped working .
i expect some info to come with the package like usage maybe when to clean and how anything
this fills in the thin spots ok , but it makes the scalp itch a lot . i don't recommend this product .
this was written as a sampler , well written , not enough substance i guessing others will be fuller for the reader .
looked great when new but the case yellowed in only months . covered volume buttons make them hard to push .
book was roo short she should have been mermaid it was stupid i hated it it sucked rotten stinky eggs
the product does not charge my cell phones . it makes my droid reboot . this a bad product .
this dualdisc contains no enhanced audio , the dvd and cd layers are the same .
touch pad defective
it is not like the picture shows , just a square box , much cheaper than the picture . it was very disappointing .
only works with strong direct sunlight . even the lightest cloud cover or shading stops it completely making very unusable .
book does not have any super secrets not already available in other books at half its cost .
does not work
this thing only make noise , i didn't see any difference with or without cops nearby . it's purely waste of money
not too easy to use because doesn't stay in place shifts sometimesdisposable and sterile between clients makes it favorable
the stuff is already falling of the case . kinda cheap .
the wires are to freaking thin and weak they easly came off im gonna spread the news bye ! why me
was surprised to find that no information prior to is included in this book . the font size is readable .
i received the wrong size . seller says i didn't . they have not been helpful at all
movo ws doesn't fit neither the rode videomic pro vmp too shortnor zoom h recorder too wide !
extremely upset ! needed exactly sheets and only received ! unable to return because return time expired !
low noise suppression . lowsey fit .
this product was of very poor quality and i was very disappointed overall , would not purchase from this company again .
this shoehorn is too thick through the handle to fit inside my calf snug riding boots , making it worthless to me .
too difficult a fit for the gb ipod . couldn't use it .
did not fit my harley trike
really disappointed with this item , so fragile , did not works for what i bought it . do not buy this !
one of speaker stopped working after two weeks and sound clarity is not to expectation . finallyi am unhappy with this product .
i bought this battery for my toshiba laptop . however , it couldn't fit the laptop at all . so disappointed and sad .
characters are copies of most soa characters . plot is hardly there . i would not recommend this book to any one
i had to use the handle from the old basket it does not fit exactly but it will work .
terrible lighter . don't waste your money . i didn't even have it an hour before i ended up throwing it out .
puppy ripped beak off in five seconds .
c considered it more of a short story , very short . would it gave been more interesting if it was longer .
whats downright stupid is that anyone would believe this garbage . this guy is a huckster .
very misleading . will not even boot windows .
will not stick to phone . corner will not stay down . it curls up . would not recommend this product to anyone .
the sound quality is bad and it is not durable . way overpriced even if it worked as expected . look elsewhere .
ok
fun game , but i have had some problems with malfunction .
misleading ! shows a picture of a bigger product . when it came in the mail it was a tiny little tube .
wouldn't work from feet away .
bought around months ago and now only get mins of charge . i keep my laptop plugged in . pooooooooor !
they ripped the first time he wore them . write at the seam . very disappointed . they weren't soft either . bad quality
takes forever to heat stuff up . this microwave sucks . it burns popcorn and does not heat up meals . so annoying .
it tasted disgusting .
only had it about weeks and it already broke . looks like a bootleg case . will be returning this one !
this is a 'look how tough i am' drug abusing , gangster novel , with only the smallest nod to anything magical .
two dimensional plot meets flat performances by some really great actors at best nil stars for that shallow , thrown together melange'
it never camei wait so long for it but it never camethis is the worst day of my life
another book requested by college instructor yet never used in course another way to waste my money in college education
does not work for my purpose . tried to hook wii into computer monitor . monitor does not read signal .
was too croonish for me . expected some of his hits . was disappointed . will be more careful of selections in the future .
i just really didnt care for the game . i was not very fun and it and didnt have good directions .
this was the wrong size . i clearly got the smallest size instead of the large cm advertised . sent back
the pendant is to big to be on a choker . it would be much better if the edelweiss were smaller .
this pendant turned my neck green within a few hours and tarnished the next day ! absolutely the worst purchase ever !
pictures are exactly the same , kids can't do it on their own and the only free area is not interesting .
was edited this is fine for a child was very dissatisfied won't be doing business with you in the future
but like everyone else said , it's made for small ears only . oh well , didn't spend that much money on it .
it lasted less than year .
the toslink connection is lose in one month . when you consider buying this cheap build product you better cross your fingers .
don't waste your time , a complete waste of a movie . there are much better shows out here to watch . pass
did not match the kindle it was purchased for as it covered the speaker .
suggests you use a vacuum to remove items lodged in a toddler's nose . can you say collapsed lung ? horrible advise !
too old
doesnt fit properly and wouldn't trust on my phone just in case i dropped it offers no protection very dissappointed
while she got the feelings correct , the story was just bad . not everything is about sex . did not like it .
i am guessing that pioneer has a multiple different wireharnesses and this one does not match my premier model .
today is september th and i still haven't gotten my movie . i want my money back
americans took the genius script of ricky gervais , watered it down and completely missed the point .
cheap looking , posts were bent . it was not worth the time to return it . do not recommend this product . a
i thought these where smooth stones , dont like these . and i dont have more words to say on this
i do not wish to receive these requests for feedback . i certainly have better things to do with my time .
the author had a fascinating life but her writing style is boring . she writes like a journalist , not an author
how on earth does a product get released with a design flaw this huge ? it makes the keyboard practically unusable !
the logic board was very dirty . not clean .
does not play d blue ray movies . why pay this much for something that will not play the latest tech ?
tripod need flat surface only . tripod not able to stand if you try fir phone vertically on tripod . so useless .
nothing really happens , just blah ! jumped around and finally connected but very anti climatic . not up to par with his other books .
this is not a book . it should cost cents or it should be a free pamphlet . waste of money
i ordered this item , and after days of the company not shipping , my order was cancelled .
spams your device with ads from their website . removed from device . deleted from cloud , lest i mistakenly download it again .
the colour is really off from the actual david tennant suit . way darker than i expected .
not crystal . made in china . terrible quality . glass is thick , has bubbles and tiny black imperfectionsgo for the real thing .
not good
i choose to rate you so low is because you didn't take the time and get my order right , twice !
. and the bowl is easily removed from the suction cup by a one year old therefore , it fails in it's intended purpose .
once installed it does not hold a charge that long . the older battery worked better than this new battery
this is the worst piece of junk i've ever used . i have yet to see it successfully open a can .
it works it just sounds like there is a defect . its to loud . it does not fully power the console
wiring is not labeled , and didn't know how to connect my ide hdd . recommend if you look for a different product .
i have a lot of problems with static and phone ranges . i would not recommend this phone to anyone .
i sent these straight back . fabric on the khaki is too thin . company does send a return label with order .
this device is not set up to control multi devices that are in different rooms such as tv , dvd and etc .
this album is a snore fest . boring repetitious beats , with little to no direction . one hit wonder !
do not buy . this is a cheap chinese rip off . do not spend your money on it ! do not buy
there are no recipes , just a table of contents . very disappointed , the recipes look great . hope it is just a glitch !
wrong book downloaded , please fix ! something called number . anxious to read what i ordered . hope to get it soon .
increased my blood pressure and body temp . not worth it . took these for a month , noticed problems weeks into them .
this phone was not able to be used it was locked so you cant use it . i want a refund !
this adaptor would not allow my ps keyboard or mouse to work under linux ubuntu . .
i liked the coffee , but the brewer clogged after about cups . it is now worthless .
way too small . wrinkly , static y material . a cheap looking shirt . does not fit well like it appears to on the picture .
i ordered this doll . the picture is not actually what you get . the description does not match the item pictured !
cheap and don't work i received them with one of the strips working these are not worth cents
the baby is small but the bottom waist and leg openings very tiny . top is ok . wish it had snaps
i cant belive how small it was ughhi hate it realy hate it like it was way to small
lousy read on the original kindle . need a larger screen and color to appreciate the artwork and read the text .
fell apart , in fact pieces never fit . trash
didn't care for it at all . hard to work with and took too many maneuvers to get around . can't recommend .
does not work . will be returning . cannot turn off and on . will not be keeping or recommending . blah blah blah
not enough spandex , so it is way too tighter than it shd be . not soft enough either . color is good .
blurry pics , slow to take pictures , lens got stuck and would not shut down , returned before the days ended .
i took this pill for a month but didn't work for me ! i don't know if work for someone else .
i cannot raise my hands above elbow level in this top . very restrictive and not practical . i would not recommend
i liked the way it looked in the picture , however , upon receipt . and in my humble opinion . it is of poor quality .
this is a awesome booki love the yo mamma ones ! i wish this book was real ! omg love this book !
not my type of read but interesting from the point of view of the authors imagination . characters were nicely developed
great i really like reading this book i am taking a training course on it soon keep you posted thanks
i am not happy with my pillows . they just uncomfortable . i would not recommend this product based on that fact . paula
there is no way the stated sizes are for adults . the xl i ordered may fit as a normal medium .
pieces are much smaller than description . and toy was cracked over the mickey shoes . everything else was okay . little disappointed .
sent wrong item wanted to exchange but they apparantly didn't read the letter requesting that and replaced with credit
this is listed as fleece . it is polyester spandex not fleece ! i wanted a warm fleece turtleneck . this is not what i wanted
died after i tested it out a couple times . when i went to use it , it no longer worked . disappointing .
remind me to laugh . don is no bob newhart
this does not work ! barely has any suction power behind it and very cheaply made ! waste of money ! don't buy !
the listing says cotton . these are not all cotton . jockey does make all cotton boxers , but these are not them .
be careful
very dull look
its only half a chapter ! don't waste your money !
not his best effort . disappointed in this book .
disappointed in the assembly . not that well made , parts didn't align correctly . pieces wouldn't stay in place , i expected more
i don't like it because the dolphin doesn't follow the line and he makes you lose i hate this game
false advertising . the name says front and back but i only received a back with no tools or anything
this is really cute and would be warm if the zipper worked ! split every time i attempted use ! chucked it !
i found ou the hard way you really don't need screen protectors for iphones . really it's pointless . jusy my opinion .
i think his music needs different insturments besides hearing the flute all the time .
did not fit to size . loved material and color but sleeves way too long . sadly i've returned it to seller
these are not great quality and the fit isn't great . it doesn't always charge if not plugged in just right .
i would love to have seen it , but the app didn t load . it downloaded , but then wouldn t open after that .
doesn't smell like tommy girl ! i'm bummed i was lookin forward to these and some of the sticks are broken !
phone fits tight in case , struggled to close it . plus not easy to manage buttons from inside case . blah blah
absolutely too small for the referenced cameras , works great for my cellphone .
much smaller than pictured , flowers were nice . but arrangement was half the size the photo showed .
the socks were fine except for the fact that contain chemicals that may not be good for chemically sensitive people .
material does not breath well , kinda fits like a potato sack !
the book is what i expected for five bucks which i needed for my husband's graduate class .
this products maine problem is it does not create suds well . need pumps worth of product to get clean .
and i have always loved his work . very glad that i borrowed from the library instead of purchased !
we did not like this movie at all . it was terribly boring and did not hold our interest at all .
didn't realize how old this was . needed the th edition for current year . no wonder it was only . .
it went way too fast . did not have enough levels on it . i completed the whole game within thirty minutes
i gallon shown small sent
i connected it as per instructions and it does not work . no sound at all , very disappointed with the product .
ehh
no one could hear me . i could barely hear them . i can't believe i paid for this thing !
the zipper broke after a month of use .
i bought for a friend and it was terrible . had specks of dust already imbedded in it . do not recommend .
it's way overrated . the plot ideas make no sense , there isn't much character development , and it has horrible acting . watch something different .
terrible . break very easy . useless ! i can only use on one tooth and it is bent . not a good item at all ?
a waste of time . the story never goes anywhere . probably the worst end of the world book i have read .
when receieved the battery was dead . so i had to hunt down a new battery .
it takes forever to get the coffee down with this type of device i chose the french press instead
straps twist when inserting foot , annoying . love other teva styles though .
this product definitely didn't need my needs . very hard to lock down . and didnt support my canon mark iii . bleh hate !
should display that this is the censored version . the sound of the edited words kills the groove of the song .
it only records for minutes at a time . this makes no sense . what a waste of money .
the unit begin to fail adter one year of use . report out or in cds wrongly and stack cd slots .
how do you sell a book knowing that the pages were ripped ? not enough to write everything . never again . not right
this is not my type of book . i like fun , fancy and carefree books . what more can i say . no thanks
this was not the book of the same title so it was not what i was expecting .
not the quality i expected , it's not in a perfect circle like the original rainbow loom rubberbands . not ordering again
cannot get the protector on screen without bubbles . ive wasted two of them trying . and yes , i followed directions . ugh
i am not impressed with any movie that glorifies a flesh , eating monster and portrays him as a counter cultural hero .
does not fit gopro hero
wonderful movie but also the director's cut . with no option for the theatrical cut . so booth on that .
i also thought this would be a good play and adventurous but i didn't care for the slow dialogue
doesn't fit ear like jabra over the ear products . like features but can't use because it doesn't stay in place .
this unit makes a buzzing sound that is audible from ft away . i do not recommend for audio video environments .
its so boring that you just jump . all you jump around and collect coins that why it is soooooooooooo boring
i am a collector the item arrived with the box torn up
was not what i expected
does not work well with my house phone . i can use it with my cell phone if i remember it .
this is not worth your time too expensive and only pages or less . save your money not worth it .
lies did not work tried two . pure junk . if your garbage isn't full you will need this addition to it .
lol there could've been a lot more written in this story lol but it is what it is i guess .
wasted money ! they started out ok then days later , my ipad displayed it was not a compatible charger . disgusted !
i gave it stars because it's non gmo . other than the popcorn being non gmo , i have nothing good to say .
this book misrepresents the people and the facts . i don't understand it's acclaim . not worth reading or having rad it .
please read this is only one hose why they would allow this to be sold this way is a disgrace
sounded great for about years then , yup , left speaker died . speakers were located on top of shelf . plenty of circulation .
does not work at all . this is truly a waste of your precious , hard earned working money . don't do it !
could not finish book stupid stupid story will not read any of sandy loyd books again stupid storyline went nowhere
way to big . would not stay on
too rough for being labelled sensitive however they were the same as the clarisonic ones .
not ultimate
knife holder designed for the ronco knife set only . it is a poor fit for my knives .
was sent the wrong pad . basically wasted .
the fragrance lasts less than one second .
meandering and repetitive .
does not have setting for inch courses . not to be used on pre painted hardie lap siding .
rapper big pooh . enough said this is pure garbage . it's sounds as bad as the title .
too many plastic parts . as with the rest of this bosch table saw , this product is not durable . try another
i don't see as clearly thru these polarized clip ons as the normal green sunglasses i own .
its not rubber and the roses started to come off two days later . my daughter was so unhappy with it .
this is not historia calamitatum as made famous by rise against , this is toxic as made famous by britney spears
really bad flappy bird remake , it has bad reactions and doesn't do good on it's own , hate it . don't reccomend
never figured out how to use this , so complicated .
the program is complicated and not user friendly . i am not happy with it . the free word program was much better .
i could not be more disappointed . i found the surface pro unusable , as a business user . microsoft really missed the mark .
i hate it , it is to large size s is like size l don't buy it is like a dress
doesn't work without wifi or satelite . so not good for the car while traveling
maybe helpful for the clueless , but this is not for someone who has any basic knowledge of nutrition . look elsewhere .
have tried this on both my kindle fire and my macbook pro and with different headphones and can't get stereo .
used only to blow leaves . did not last two years . repairs were estimated at . choose not to repair it .
the grammar is so atrocious that i could not even finish the first chapter . i definitely cannot recommend this one .
its too small
star . not my thing , no redeeming quality in guy . sadistic , not submissive but slave and pretty hopeless to please .
said in ad it would fit my acer aspire one . not even close . buy something else ! just adding words to finish .
very disappointing . it should have been a winner given the material but it surely was not . save yourself bucks .
too small , i don't recommend it .
this game is exactly like tetris ! so don't get this game .
this is not for nypd exam preperation . it helps a lot to improve personal skill after become a cop .
runs fast and auto dab expensive . coin regernation slow . so busy keeping up . no idea if i have a bingo
have'nt got it yet when will i get it . can some one let me know when will i get it
a lil too small maybe different sizes in the bag would be nice next time .
these vitamins do not taste very good . the sugar sour coated ones are better . will not be purchasing these again .
it broke the first time my grandson used it . not a good product for the age group listed on box .
several bits are not perfectly straight . they wobble in my drill press . for the price , it's tolerable .
it prints things very blurt . i won't use it any more . even though it's very cheep , it's function is cheep too
love this series , will be looking forward to future adventures with elizabeth and simon . i have already purchased book .
this light barely lights up anything . very dim
not fit for use . very cheap . not as represented . sad to say but very disappointed glue and paint poorly done .
well it looks good but it's way too big and i am pretty sure i got the right size meh
it fade out too fast .
i was sent the wrong color . item is flimsy . armband is too large for anyone but king kong to use .
most useless thing i ever bought . i've had nothing but trouble with it from day one . purchase with great caution .
game is super hard and stupid . i thought it was gonna be easy but super hard do not buy this game
case is cute but is cheap and looked very cheap .
almost all corn is gmo or infected by gmo , ascorbic vit c is a terrible form of vit c , beware
not very stable , seems to be poorly made . don't know how long this will hold up . hoping for the best .
do not buy ! not even sharp waste of my money .
the story was ok if slightly unrealistic but then it started preaching about jesus and it lost me after that .
good tips but a bit abrupt as to options for changing your life . very short with little depth or insight .
i never received the book , however , my money was refunded and the customer service rep was polite and apologetic .
didn't download
very cheaply made , don't fit and the straps to secure them down torn off with little tension . do not buy !
only purchased song , not interested in the rest . just like 'music' . madonna to me has always been way overrated .
bad quality it look very diferent quality than it look in this picture .
these look very cheaply made . i took one look at them and sent them right back ! even my husband agreed !
poorly made , did not fit not enough size options
i didn't care for this book . it seemed like a mediocre mystery tucked between the pages of a romance novel .
i got a better unit at a large store at a lower price and the store bought was better quality .
cheap price and cheaply made .
completely busted within the first few days of use . wouldnt buy again for any reason . not strong , flimsy plastic and crap .
it was not god for my skin type , i guess . i broke out in pimples .
this is just your generic demolition game with the same exact premise as countless games before it . would not recommend .
this thing simply does not work dont waste your money . the clasps are too loose and quality too low
not dead yet did not hold my interest . i kept reading thinking something would happen very slow and dragged out .
do not order ! didn't fit my phone does not look like the picture ! took to long to come in the mail
very bare bones newspaper . i prefer a newspaper with much more in depth reporting . this is just my opinion . thanks .
the illustrations in this book are too scary and dark for my year old son .
not good , returned it .
it waz scratched up and not that good of quality so g e t it together or i'm leaving thanks
special affects are wonderful , but the storyline was very much like so many other movies ! don't buy it , just rent it .
downloaded from amazon app store and it crashes instantly . tried uninstalling and reinstalling still does not work . using samsung captivate
not the bill nye i and my students grew to love as bill nye the science guy ! wouldn't recommend it .
''''''''''''this product does not come to terms long ago ran out of money supply was removed and the product not ?
i like so many love playing the game but there is still a glitch that resets all the timers .
cute but stopped working entirely after three months . when it worked , it worked well but it didn't last that long .
the bibs are poor quality , but i guess for the money . you get what you pay for .
fair reading , but i skipped the intros . i enjoy her novels much more . if you like anthologies then you'll enjoy !
it was defective and i was suppose to get refund that i did not receive .
already coming apart at the seams after one week of school ! should of read the reviews before i bought them !
hard to follow , lost interest quickly ! doesn't capture me with words i don't know the meaning of . kind of insulting !
can't get the cats to eat them .
loved the shirts at first . washed them on the gentle cycle and dried also on gentle and now there useless .
not a horrible product overall , but not nearly as cute as in the picture . it looks much cheaper in person .
it was not as expected . backboard broke when its supposed to be a break away rim . otherwise it was ok .
the ipod is not supported by the device in the docking station . it will not play music for the alarm .
this is a knockout product very dissapointed , but o well what can we do
very big and clumsy . wish it came in a smaller size since it is not really practical to carry with .
it washed out after a couple of times in the washing machine , the fabric is just poor quality .
you need to either rent it borrow it but not worth your money . graphics and game play are very disappointing .
coat arrived with the pockets torn , shoulder seam let go on the second use , very disappointed . waste of money and time . poor quality .
i bought three of these and all three of them were dirty and just looked old even after cleaning them .
very old style book , with elementary information good only forturist .
the size was a bit larger than i expected it to be . unfortunately , i was too lazy to return it .
this shirt is so short and extremely low quality . i wouldn't waste your money on it .
i have several books by eckert . this is not up to his usual interesting style
horrible movie . couldn't even finish watching . i'm one for strange and odd movies , but this movie was absolutely the worst .
very poor quality and ended up ripping by the zipper . we only got a few months use out of it .
this is a ok game , but not for me . didn't find it interesting enough to keep . deleted after one try .
got the product in time the rubber expende and time don't fit the phone i will not get this product
my boys are nine and ten . they found this guide to be very difficult and the instuctions difficult to follow .
light doesn't work , password doesn't work , change time doesn't work , nothing works . voice recognition does not work . zero stars .
installed and ran patch via the support page and can't even get this program to open . don't waste your money !
compre los combos y cuando se le acabo la tinta los fui a recargar ya estaba la almohadilla pinchada
i the current model is heavy and hard to snap together . check out the star stool sold in amazon uk .
i did not get this thing in the mail . when will i get it ? when will i get it ?
she does sound like a goat bleating . yodeling . it's a shame , really .
top part does fit well , but bottom half does'nt fit at all . i was very disappointed because i ordered two .
this oil has hardly any fragrance , definitely not essential oil . either that or it is very old . poor quality !
this app is the biggest i've ever seen and there is no option to move it to the sd card .
nothing change on my lips , but the customer service was greati don't think that i will order it again
doesnt do everything we expected it would . my husband still wanted to keepit but dought he will use it .
seems to be a problem in the leg joints . when you open or closing makes a really bad noisi sound
this advertises as being minutes long . came out as more like a 'trailer' for a movie . don't fall for it .
received a charger that was wrong port and would not charge my phone , would show a connection , but wouldn't charge .
battery not the same as shown as well being the wrong picture of the acquittal battery
terrible graphics , pointless quot game , quot save your money . even my year old who loves anything monster trucks was unimpressed . delete .
sorry , but this book was a rip off . nothing new or insightful , like a bad singer who only sings covers .
had a short in it and broke
could not understand the game .
not easy to register my kindle still have not wifi impossible my other kindle works just fine not this one
scratched my head and hurt to wear . the brim started to fall off after the first wear . safe your money .
letters did not type in correctly . pictures did not show up on some levels . deleted this app after level .
i love blake crouch . his short stories always disappoint me . so i guess i'll try to stick to his novels .
this movie is not a must . wait till u see it on tv
great idea for a plot but , the acting was weak and the the actions taken to solve the case unbelievable .
charger doesn't even work out of the box . absolute garbage ! buyer beware . i will not be buying from powergen again .
it did not work well and was very disappointed . i used it for weeks without much to show for it .
it doesn't work
felt loose on my head , i was hoping to get them with prescription but can't now . color is good though
it sounded like the music was struggling to get out . don't know if it was the artist or the recording .
inefficient lasted only two nights .
i ordered this for my galaxy s mini and it does not fit , it is for the samsung galaxy centura .
no good do not watch has a nude scene in it . not biblical and not for children or true christians .
too small an chain too thin . would not recommend . the calls lilly is hard too see what it is . sorry
simply put . sillyso d eacute j agrave vu . so unhelpful . so unsubstantial , so pie in the sky , that is not writing .
the following glasses , did not fit my face well . buy at your own risk personally i didn't like . sorry , lc
it doesnt work . i plugged it in the car jack and it doesnt work . i would not recommend this product .
this product is not a good choice for trying to heat a greenhouse in winter .
so disappointed , won't even stay blown up ! it looks like a drunk turkey , too much booze i guess .
stinks , bad controls . i would not waste my time . im sure you could find a better fighter game ! thank you
this item arrived broken . didn't make sense returning it but i just wanted to warn future customers . don't buy this .
this book was okay . dreary . don't expect any humor . boring , drags on and on , disappointed ? why yes , i was . sorry .
it really has not helped . i have to rub it times a day . just not what i expected . still lots of pain .
it's actually a common sense . get muscular , be handsome . have a lot of money . blah .
seems to work fine with my gb compact flash card , but it won't read either of my gb sd cards .
i thought i could wear the helmet and the game was scathed and the box some holes in the box
it was dented because he was to cheap to in real box .
the oven's backing is convex significantly enlarging its foot print by sticking out several inches and taking additional counter space .
did not work for my toy poodlehe ripped it off and ripped to piecesi wish it worked for us
the story was good , but there were tons of curse words and the sure did wink at each other alot .
the quality is poor . it does not stick to the attached pin . u cant swag it multiple ways as advertised
if you enjoy plenty of grounds in your coffee or tea , buy this . if no , stay away from this one .
aweful ! there is no 'game' here , no challenge , no nothing . i hated it . i deleted it within about a minute .
could not use even though it says sugar free . i am diabetic and these caused my blood count to go up .
i tried to read this book and simply couldn't get into it . some might enjoy it . it wasn't for me .
the image is hazy at night version , not recommend
i wasn't able to get an accurate read from this system . loved the idea but it didn't work in reality .
this helmet will keep you from getting a ticket for not having a helmet . other than that , its not impressive .
not the right bulbs . maybe my fault for not researching better . don't fit a glk
not much fun without the squeaker . it only lasted minutes really disappointing . dog just looks at it hoping for noise
i didn't like the shape at all
it's awful . so dissapointing . i thought it would look decent like it was shown . not in any case , very upsetting .
the movie was very graphic and full of bad language . stopped the movie after less than minutes of it .
it was only page and all things you already knew . even through it was free , not worth the effort .
it's a nice looking hat but unless you have a huge head it just look's goofy when you wear it
the radio didn't match with my radio acording with the year like they said and i lost my money ! thank you
not so hot . second wash already edge seams are unraveling and material is nubbied up .
didn't fit right . and i don't like the material . don't think i will be ordering any think more from on line
in short , this movie sucks ! i gave it one star because i had to to ge the review through .
this kept playing even after the app was closed waste of time save space and don't download it at all
it's too small on wearer end . that's all which can be said about it . the material is nice . good otherwise .
was really disappointed to see it came damaged and it was intended to hold memories for a mom to be
they are akward to wear and dont function very well . went back to my wired earplugs .
got rusty very , very quickly . it shouldn't be necessary to rust proof a shower caddy a complete waste of money .
we have only had it for a couple of weeks and it is broken . would not recommend .
even when processing only a few coins at a time , the dimes pile up and get stuck in the chamber .
terrible . i hope you know this is terrible dude . maybe if this was better i'd give this a better rating .
stopped working after uses . i wouldn't recommend this to anyone . waste of money . harsh but true . not worth it .
this product did not do what it said it would do for my dog . i would not recommend this product .
i bought these covers one month ago and of them are already broken . i would not buy these again .
this must have been written in primaries times . of no use to the modern nurse . save your time and pass
there are three different apple crisp bars and the one pictured is not what i got . i am very disappointed .
arrived broken , terribly shoddy construction . a total waste of time and money . not fit for sale . deserves a negative star rating .
burnt out the second it was installed . contacted supplier and no response .
just not a quality product for incontinence . you'd be better off searching amazon for abri form or molicare .
george , star wars not need any editing , they are classics specially original trilogy , no more editing please , get a life .
this thing is flimsy , and the rf works only intermittently . don't waist your money
bought for myself and family . they all have quit working ! these chargers should be removed from the market place .
save your money . it doesn't work . at all . the company was easy enough to deal with with the return .
no it did not even work smh i need my money back . i tried everything and it just did not work .
very slow , not great acting , fell asleep while watching it . interesting story line but that was about all that was .
good subject , characters weren't developed enough to like or dislike .
the internal housing for the headlights was off , it's made your cheap but i guess you get what you pay for
broke pretty quickly and didnt not last long . this was not a good purchase . i would not buy it again
jack links are so much better ! the ham is not a good quality but the cheese has some good flavor .
not what was advertised . i ordered a and received a . i ended up giving it away . buyer beware !
nice but they are too big . wish they were smaller but will keeplots of earrings for s good price .
not what i thought
repetitive boards and puzzles get too difficult to win don't own anymore .
had a lot going for it but the storyline fell flat and fizzled out by the end . it was disappointing .
really ugly and has a noxious smell . don't waste your money . donate what you would have spent to a good cause .
this hidden object games has few features and no help option , therefore , i did not purchase the full game version .
no good cover .
please note that the track list given in discription is absolutely different from the actual one . had to return it .
this is good for heating very small things like coffee and popcorn .
these are very cheap looking and feeling , nowhere near the quality of tervis tumblers , i will be returning them now .
sheer ! you can see right through them ! i'm bummed in so many ways , including punny ones ! bum . get it ? good .
don't work !
chair is wired wrong and the legs and thigh massage part is backwards . other than that the chair works great
somewhat , somewhat somewhat boring , and then it leads to a series . whats wrong with a book standing on its own ?
i've read a lot of scary books and this was not one of them . totally just a made up story
i did not try it on . the ugliest piece of clothing ever ! i sent it back . way below my expectations .
the company who sold me this product they stole my money , because i never received , this is my worst experience
i bought air brushes both broke within months . i like the brush but the quality is really bad !
small size
my puppy chewed one leg off in about mins . i thought it would last a little longer than that !
works okay , wouldn't buy again , it doesn't glide as well as the babyliss pro with steam which i positively adore .
the game is not cool it is not callngin like the odd parnts game bay that .
leaves water mineral stain on inside that does not come off . lid cannot be removed for proper cleaning .
looks great , but . it has reduced by over wifi and cell signal strength . do not waste your money
product does not fit well , preventing access to the volume buttons and power connection . replaced it with a different case .
no story .
crappy , not worth it unless your bored to death and already mowed the lawn . it's a pain in the ass . very dull
looked great worked fine but fell apart . the clip broke when it was being pulled from my belt . i wasn't abusive .
i got this as a replacement and it didn't last a week before it broke . never again !
loose fitting does not fit i would like to returni would like to return these hats
it doesn't fit my phone it is the wrong size . the size i need is lgms f because you sent a ls f
much too weak . forget about calcium in tubs , toilets and sinks . it has been a week without any results .
does not work on black and white dogs .
these gloves have stretched to the unusable point . they thinned out like bathing suits do the are not chlorine resistant .
i have seen this dvd , and frankly it looks like a bad brochure . wasted money if you buy it .
returned knife to amazon . blade was not sharp . cheaply made . wouldn't pay more than for this knife .
i returned the product , but did not celltronix reimbursement . and they do not answer my email . i need an immediate response .
horrible construction . coffee leaks from around the black plastic neck . waste of money . would not suggest anyone order this product .
this printer is very noisy and it's hard to figure out how to use . it also needs a how to manual .
not very challenging and only a few are freeso fee is misleading . then you have to pay to play .
the mic pass out in on the day
it is not an effective product . i would never order it again . growing in the bag is cumbersome and messy
wrong size sent
the story line was not well written or engaging .
did not work on my computer and did not work on my old computerdid not geve out much info
you get what you pay for ! the laces were d . o . a .
not helping for loosing weight . i dont know this is real medicine or not . the packaging likes just printing paper .
i like the app , but why would it require you have an internet connection to use it ? tracking , snooping ? what ?
very weak tooth picks now in the trash where it belongs ! buy it and you willvery much regret this purchase !
i really didn't enjoy the overtly religious christian theme . i definitely won't be ready any more of joel c rosenberg .
this windshield mount kit just would not stay stuck to either the window on my truck or on my automobile .
to get into games . too confusing what games are available . kept shutting down . too crowded of a screen when playing .
i can't get it to work . i guess you get what you pay for .
cheap uv will cause ugly pictures glare effect . both polarizer are junk and also come with cheap case .
more than few boxes were stale was very disappointed never happen before last few orders have been something wrong disappointed
not much to go on , a mini pamphlet so to speak . just okay . know this to belong to a series .
. raises pitch of voice too high . the broken one i was replacing sounds better than this one . waste of money
the butterfly charm fell off as soon as i put it on . very cheaply made . not happy with the product .
another short not finished storyline . just save your till they have all the stories as a bundle pack .
could be good but i have to review before i even get to use it ? let's hope for the best !
no real volume . weak .
would only suggest it if you are actually going to israel and need to know how to get to around
i did not like this app . nor did my kids . it was not worth the free download or the time
nothing . i might as well water the dirt and hope for something to grow . i would have had better luck .
i was hopeful , but this product had no effect on my vibration problem . the purchase was a waste of money .
felt cheap . inside is like plastic .
watery formulanot what it says it iswrote in for a refundnot the best customer servicei don't recommend this
this is so stupid ! do not get it ! ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah !
i really think i wasted money for buying this stuff . it's just worthless and not working at all .
the odor of these boots was terrible . not expecting them to last very long . they looked cheaply made . thanks
very good and same as the old days . my issue is the fact they were about pulverized when they arrived .
fell apart within a couple of days of use ! i couldn't believe it . don't waste your money on this product .
very disappointing . words penn state are in a generic font and the cover is dark blue . will be returning today !
don't waste your dollars on this crap , however , none were damaged but still crappy . they do too much advertising on television . ira
it's only about pages long . thought it was a real book . got fooled by this and won't do it again .
same old gangsta rap group , different faces . this group should go the way of compton's most wanted .
limited possability , accessories dont fit , bits and pieces started breaking , just plain no fun ! save your money ! blah blah blsah
again directions were not clear on using it and the cover was pretty cheap looking just did not like it
i have received this goods last week , but two bowls have defective . so i would like to replace two bowl .
virtually all of the straps tore away from this backpack . the material looked good but tore apart with surprising ease .
what else need i say . consist of a lot of fluff . book weighs a lot but the content is light .
i did not watch past the first minutes because of the nudity . i would not recommend this to anyone .
size the doctor recommended , but they fall half way down my tigh . not good . might order medsnext time around thanks .
is this an april fool's joke played a few months after the fact ? an album with nothing but single piano chords ?
will not stand up to mph . all ready bent . will not recommend this flag pole .
this is not what we ordered , this picture is wrong . we tried times to get what is in the picture .
i had to return this item because it was even smaller than advertised . i could barely hold on to it .
very hard to use , even once i was able to apply it was all bubbles , so not using them , will look into others
boring and poorly written . character dialog is awful and the actions of the characters are ridiculous . don't waste your time .
battery life is terrible only last day or sobluetooth hook up is slowcheap housingwould not buy again
this is a stolen shirt design , do not support these sellers ! this is a rip off from the original artist
one earring was easily lost after a couple of day of using it . clasp was loose and earring was lost .
the team has always held shaugnessy in contempt . he who cant write writes negative sports stories .
this is nothing more than a book of torture . there is nothing this book is good for . sick sick sick .
air compressor blew up within months . the other features are still working
don't be tricked by the reviews , this is a gross horror movie . it's a movie i wish i hadn't seen .
have not used . was able to repair old case . rating based on what would be expected in this type purchase .
cheap product . the strap broke in a very short time . try to get the round ones , can be held even easily
the books of course are fantastic . the packaging is a horrible card board box . just get the books .
do not like this book at all . i sorry and have no clue why i brought it . do not recommend
clear sound
item arrives without adapter usb cable . has to wait for missing cable days with extra charge delivery , unbelievable . oscar corzo
this is the stupides app u could ever have i mean like its useless who would ever wont this app !
this cd was so dissappointing . it is getting more difficult to buy something that really lives up to it's description .
this is thoughtful writing based on good research . schulz offers a fresh look at the old problem of being wrong .
dear new line , i'm still not buying the theatrical edition . it's release the extended blue ray edition already .
made of brittle plastic that you are afraid to put any pressure on . doesn't hold most spice bottles . piece of junk , imho
this book has a great beginning , some funny dialogue , a few interesting twists , but declines until the ridiculously stupid ending .
i used for eczema on my face and this product did not work . don't waste your money on this product .
the book was boring to read . the examples were weak . the title was the best thing .
too many grammar and spelling errors this author needs spell check or a new editor . distracting to say the least .
too many pages for a story finally told in the last chapter . big disappointment after reading mouton's great other books .
did not work for my daughter's iview tpc , have to return it .
missing all the good music by harry gregson williams
didnt worked for me . will never buy again . dosent work . bugs dont care this powder . waste of money . do not buy this . poor stuff
junk don't buy , not even for not worth it they break after the first time you drop them . junk
dont buy these they suck its not worth the money buy somthing else , take your spouse out on a date
hated this ! didn't realize it was in cartoon form just awful ! threw it away !
this new application is very confusing to use . it seems like they want you to get everything but the weather .
can't say how scary it is to have one of those little things fall off in your ear . don't buy .
crappy no offense d fdg ghfjrfjfyj t r r r r r r rrr r rrrrrr r r r r
it was too small the thing could fit my little brother this thing is way to small for me !
waste of time . so boring that i fell asleep several times . really not worth a review or even a !
it shows a twin pack in picture where as its a single one ! its a misleading and deceiving picture ,
patheticsterling silver mm italian box link chain necklace
the stones came off . it's not worth the money or the time . would not recommend buying this item to anyone
would never catch a chipmunk . if it was larger maybe a raccoon or skunk . only tripped once in two weeks .
it's like cotton candy . it dissolves as soon as it can and leaves you feeling gross afterwards .
it is not effective as i thought . i wasted money buying this product
i was was watching king's speech when it suddenly froze after min and continued this way until the end
how can anyone take coulter seriously ? venomous and lacking any relationship to reality , in a world of her own .
black ink does not print clearly . skips , very light and mostly unreadable . color ink appears fine . would not purchase again .
didn't work .
this necklace came apart the day she put it on . pretty cheaply made . would not recommend it for the price .
the soft plastic slips and the hard plastic broke fast . but i got it cheap so can't complain to much
movie was shot in the dark . terrible acting . stupid idea . waste of time . did not make it to the end .
the show ran way too small like a whole size . so it was returned . bummer because they were nice looking shoes .
my husband was not impressed with this game at all . it's not very interactive and it is slow to start .
too small
ok needed it for a school project . easy to read for my year old . happy new year every one .
check out the real melchizedekmethod . com . this true system has helped thousands of people . go within and check your heart .
it never works . i can't use this device even once . i hope that everyone don't buy this stupid ridiculous one .
this vacuum could be a nice product . i will never know because the belt buned out the first day .
was a horrible waste of time and waste of my money don't bother to watch it sucks . tbt j
this toy is poorly made and broke within a month . it seemed that each it would lend , something would brake .
these are horrible . broke right away with not that much weight on them not reliable . i would never buy these again .
not up to par with some other g games that i have played . i already uninstalled from my tablet . sorry
go to costco and save money on the exact same thing . however , these are the greatest pencils in the world .
this case is way to big for the lumia , it shouldn't be listed as a cover to fit it !
i made a mistake when i purchase this for my wife . she likes small attractive things and this was big
not so much
i had this camera for one season and now it will not turn on . would not purchase again . bad product . save your money .
nice enough light but adjustable focus zoom just doesn't work . head of flashlight turns and turns but focus doen't change
this girl needs a better brain ! she writes like a dumb year old noodle brain !
did not like it at all . did not understand the mained characters if mail or female and it just ended .
the beak has sharp edges that could cut your fingers
item came defective and was different model than was ordered .
it don't last and is not what i wanted let me know when you get sex and the city seduction
this movie is historically informing , but the movie constantly repeats itself going from gangster to gangster .
couldn't turn it off unless i shut down the whole tablet . uninstalled it after a day . don't bother getting it .
i had this case for one week and top cover broke and screen saver came completely out , very disappointed !
it is the worst movie i ever have saw in my life .
it broke within a month . it was for my mothers phone and didnt last long and she babies her phone
this necklace came in broken and i had to fix it with a jump ring .
wrong size . be very careful when ordering phone batteries .
my crickets rather eat each other than touching this stuff . now i'm stuck with a giant jar of orange crap .
it was a little slow , then it wrapped up really fast . good though for a lazy day in the house
the cheap motor died after a year . i have read that most of the affordable watch winders have short lives .
returned this wreath because it was very cheap looking and the light to illuminate it did not work . poor quality .
this is one of the worst tablets i have ever used . it takes forever to connect to wi fi if at all
hated the pants way to small
you get what you pay for . this is a case , with a sticker . i could have made it at home .
i knew everything in the book , it was a waste of
it was an easy read and pretty good . this was my first book on the kindle and i enjoyed it .
kiln fell apart after only or uses
way too much for only a boxer's with some padding inside , it doesn't offer like too much protection , it's too expensive !
this purchase should hv less than one star because it did not work and im not able to return it
unstable , graphics wobbly , game just outright stinks
bought this and it does not do anything but cloud the screen . i will never use as screen protector again .
it is just another king james bible that might have a few more notes that a gideon bible .
because i did not like this waste of paper one bit !
i thought i had ordered the black one . received another white one which is too small
colors didn't match but it did fit easy install looks like i own a pair of fake beats by dre
shoe was extremely stiff and didn't look as good as the picture online . this was definitely not what i expected .
they sell these at dollar tree . a set of for . this is a rip off , do not buy them .
i ordered this product over a month ago . still haven't recieved it . i've complained and gotten no answer . never again .
ordered an x large , though the sizing chart indicated a large would do . it was still too small . returned it . disappointing .
the outfit is adorable but i only received a piece set , the bib was missing . i will return it .
purchased for use w a netbook . could not playback dvd movies . had to purchase additional software dvd decoder .
this rug is as shown in figure as far as color , very short didn't come out far enough from toilet
does not fit my phone , got a different case instead . its too late to send back ! poop , poop , poop , poop
it is puzzling how such a classical book ended up in such a bizzare publisher .
nothing ever works right with optimum . in my experience . but they like to charge you quite a bit for it .
cheap set , poor quality would not rec buying this one . spend the and get your moneys worth , not happy
no me gust oacute , esperaba m aacute s . y por un precio exagerado . p eacute simo . si quieren regalar su dinero adelante . no lo recomiendo
i only had the product for a week and one of the earbuds just broke off .
it got a hole after one use and light use at that . will not be purchasing this product again ever .
why is it u display from and back protectors n i only got the front oneswhat a rip off
i did not like this book because it did not let you search a word or let you search anything
i had to return this three times because the cabinet door was broken every time . waste of time and energy
said that work with iphone in fact did not .
this is the worst game ever on earth . it is gross . hello open your eyes . still this game is stupid
not much to say , the buckle broke off after second use . don't waste your money . dave
i thought the plastic wasn't pliable enough . it was very difficult to get the bubbles out from underneath the plastic .
online catalog incorrect ! it did not fit my car !
my title explains it . its stupid you play as a country no championship even on easy mode you will lose
not enough shae butter . i have very dry sensitive skin and shae help just not enough in this .
product lid does not stay on ! looks like it was used !
the square plug that goes into the wall was faulty on the one i got . steer clear of this product !
i wish i would of spend a few more dollars to obtain a better quality item , cheap material don't recommend .
her free music videos on noggin are so much better . cheap sets . no surprises . save your money !
this movie is worse than sewage on a warmsummers day !
this razr car charger only worked for about week then quit working . i would not recommend this vendors products .
never was able to get it hooked up . very disappointing . it's still in the box . i would not recommend it .
costs could have bought this kind of foil at the dollar store save your money and get heavy duty foil
the headphones work but i keep picking up the radio so it's hard to listen to my tv shows sometimes .
poor quality for the price . color is not as advertised . to me it is white , not beige . bad buying choice .
got the wrong kind felt . did not want sticky side felt . perfect size and color . z x x z
it was stupid ! i would rather watch a re make of saved by the bellthe college years with the nerd screech !
in the amazon review says , in spanish and english captions . to me this is a hoax
hard consistency . have not seen much if any of an improvement . better products on the market will not buy again
very uggly tie . i did not recomend this . . this product was not that good .
too bad , the tip of it has rusted already , but the other side is good . i don't recommend buying this .
hood is tiny looks awful in person and feels rather cheap . wouldn't buy any more sweaters online after this . sorry
first time putting it on the elastic snapped . beautiful in the picture but look elsewhere . was very upset with it
does not work very well . i would not recommend this item . didn't do what was advertised to do . don't buy it .
product received , was not the product listed . entirely different color and brand .
very limited information
the adapter doesn't charge the battery in my alienware m x . just operating the computer isn't really compatible . i'm returning it .
kinda fun at first , but you only get one letter to get word . come on . i tired of it quickly .
very disappointed in this speaker after reading the reviews . if you listen to any classical music you'll find it muted .
falling apart already !
installed on kindle fire . game turns on but you cane do anything . controls don't work . save your timewast of time .
i felt this book was lacking in content . it could have used more illustrations and text .
i see why this movie was banded . it is not worth your time or money .
id rather stab myself in the eye with a rusty nail than play this . complete waste of my time . worthless .
not to terrible . but . got old really quick . played it for a few hours . and was done with it . .
this item is hot pink it is not red ! do not order if you want red . item description is wrong .
the usb cable doesn't work , i tried another cable on the charger and it worked . the usb cable is faulty .
where is the border patrol in all this ? b movie , a lot of things don't make sense . candy for gun enthusiasts .
already starting to tear at the gromet
i could only pick up channels that i was not interested in . probably would work if mounted outside house .
couldn't use because it had melted and re solidified in a block of cinnamon chips .
rough acid tasteing not smooth . aromatic yes but not flavorfull . woul d not recommend to trying . arrived on time as expected .
the cream itself is almost a solid hard to use on the tender under eye area . i would not order again .
awful !
does not work ! total garbage ! fell off as i was applying it to a new screen that was perfectly clean .
i bought at walmart for . works well but the price here is terrible . dont waste your time buying here .
no comment . this book did not interest me in the least and found it boring . free it should be anyway . why
i was disappointed . the author did not give much details about the thinking of those great men .
a different item was sent not what i ordered . cheaper too even though i paid for the more expensive one .
i just couldn't get into it . but i'm going to try again , sherlock is one of my favotites to read .
out of fell apart when played with by my puppy . one created a choking hazard . not worth it .
this app has been replaced by the comedy central app . unfortunately , that app isn't available for the kindle fire . disappointing .
the card deleted several of albums from my gallery as well as crashed numerous times . i need to return it .
i purchased two my significant other has an autistic son . mine broke in five days . i was very disappointed dang
these were very nice boxes for take home cake but were much smaller than i expected . they didn't hold much
it broke after a week of usei would defiantly not recommend this itemits just a waste of money
is there a no star option ? broke in the first minutes i used it .
installed on rooted color nook . worked well then audio quit . reinstall didn't fix . restart didn't fix . starter app very limited .
i am disappointed in this product . i could not get it to load in different computers . using xp .
bought for my acer gateway . nothing but bsod weekly . tried winows and and both have the same issue .
all the batteries were dead upon delivery . it isn't worth the effort to send them back . don't buy this product .
where is the wetness indicator ? i really like these . does anybody know which ones have it in the size .
my case was broken and wouldn't hold the iphone . the little clip in the head was missing . i expected more .
no proper printed manualwhen you hold it within a palm the thumb hits the page turn button ! inadequate keyboard etc etc
we liked this story , but it's very short for a read along book . for the money i would get something else .
dont buy these . they are very hard to see through .
not good . doesnt fit . the front cover of the phone will not click into place . noy worth returning to seller
it would have been really sexy if it had fit . sadly it was a but to large on the top
cute but doesn't fit . it doesn't have anything that can be used to adjust
great characters , solid story with surprises and unexpected turns . enjoyed it tremendously . would recommend this as a great read
doesn't fit the brooks b . doesn't come close to protecting my ass on my twenty niner . nice idea if it fit .
this product was a disappointment . our son was also scraped by the sharp edges on the counter . i would not recommend it .
it broke almost immediately !
the color is really pretty but i don't like two piece covers , it's really also hard to take off .
i bought . after days only two were still working . bad wires . the ones that still work catch bugs .
this was very cheaply made . and took forever to come .
to sum it up . more sex than substance . the best i've read so far in this genre is the shadowlands series .
lol ! nirvana pwnts them and their not even metal . alternative crappy metal
i received this cable today was supposed to be a ft cable but just have ft .
sorry , this one did no do it for me . the play was not that appealing , s i uninstalled it . bye .
compre este movil y solo me ha dado problemas y el vendedor nunca se quizo hacer responsable .
i thought this book was a complete waste of time ! it was a predictable , saccharin piece .
it's like any other slim belt . there is nothing different about it , put it on sweat and remove . thank you .
ive been trying to install this but it completely crashes my phone and the android os has to restart itself .
i would not reccomend this book to others . it drags on and is boring . . .
this moive was choco long , choco boring , choco stupid , and i want my choco money back . worst movie i've seen .
never opened . have no way to attach them to the bug off screen and the velcro strips didn't work either
too light to keep warm , bad smell . for a fashion coat , it's cute . but it's not good enough for this price .
it is flat , it is too expensive , not any better than a store pillow . save your moneyreturn policy stinks .
it was damaged when i got it cases , the rubber was broken at the bottom near the charging port
not worth your time or money ! the preview makes it look like it might be funny , but it's definitely not .
! three page book ! do not download thisdo not download thisdo not download thisdo not download thisthis is a sham .
this will teach me to order online the watch is pretty , but the closure is difficult and the watcg was too tight .
need to return . my granddaughter can wear the xl .
well written book , but very lame on the details . could go deeper on the content . great book for a beginner .
not too good
it was the right material but they are too short . i play volleyball and these don't even pass your butt .
music is fine , but when i buy karaoke i expect there will be graphics . no on screen words just music .
keeps the phone on but dies fast not a quality battery . i would not get it again if the future
unable to install the app . very disappointed .
the stand is too heavy and hard . the ledge on the bottom ios annoyin . i plan to return it . sorry .
for less then half the price you can get a item of better quality from home depot . avoid this junk
product did not work . returning item . hopefully getting a new cord that works
i would never order this again . so dry and clumpy . i got no use from it . i really hated it
too small . it is barely big enough to put two or so diapers and a small disposable packs of wipes
i am disappointed when i expect a repeat performance of lost in space . it is mediocre music without a characteristic .
does not get a good signal indoors and no matter what i do i cant get it to work .
only received plant and it looks like it is dying
two weeks after i got it , it quit working !
if you aren't a feminist , buy this book . if you have a brain in your head , don't waste your money .
i don't like the material , the design dress . i am going to return it
this is an absolute piece of junk . it ran but would not pump right out of the box . don't buy .
wrong item sent
no longer works after less than a year of ownership . not recommended . i suggest you get a higher quality cable .
never came so what to say only give this star amazon won't me go lower
angelica should have taken a sleeping pill so she could lie in bed asleep without wasting my time and hers draming pointlessly .
the metal wares out to easy and strips the end od the wrench . could be better not for industry work
dried my scalp , my scalp isn't moisturized at all . very disappointed with the results . i do not recommend this product
a little boring , slow and dark . drat
stop working after being dropped from just about fts height . pros light weight . cons broke on the first drop ! .
this selection contains a few well known and well written works but consists mainly of boring little stories and novels
extremely heavy , breaks down after little use .
the attachment points are terrible on this assembly . my husband broke on within the first trip out of town . aggravating .
the pack has only one pill that is very small . it only lasted about a month . so it's relatively expensive .
why copy dragonvale . dragonvale is better than this anyway . but if they no ganna put dragonvale here maight as well
it is shown as grey in the picture but it turned out to be white . they did not accept returns .
high school dropoutpointless potty mouthi agreed with all his salient points
i just can't get into it . i thought it was going to be more humorous . it's just not for me .
this product never worked from day one . unfortunately , it is not worth the postage to send back . do not buy .
game is hard to play . there is no documents to tell you how to playi will not recomend this
sent it back . way too uncomfortable for me .
i didn't like this smell at all , it was very strong and just a turn off . it was very disappointing .
product is very slow and hardly fits into a usb slot . i would not recommend this product , buy another one .
the box was open and wasn't sure if everything was there and the shipper said that they didn't have another
never heard worse turkey calls ever . very low volume as well . do not throw away a buck on this app
completely useless as a study guide . full of mistakes , and not representative of the material .
the material is cheap and thin , really transparent . and the back does not stay up , so don't waste your money .
this product doesn't help keep eye shadow on . it causes flaking on my eyelids . i won't buy this product again .
this thing didn't work at all . nothing caught . fruit flies are still buzzing around my head .
the first few pages of the book just didnt catch my interest . i stopped after first chapter which is rare .
the game is fun , but in order to really enjoy it fully you have to pay for investment points , etc .
only comix ! horrible , sucks , the the other ones but definitely not this one ! i suggest you don't read this horrible book !
the color will not work so it is all black do not buy it if you have an android tablet
ugh . not worth it . its not as bright and it peeled . what a waste of my money never again ever
not much of a mystery here . light , easy reading . not her best effort , but i will keep reading the series .
had them for a few bike rides until the connection to one of the headphones broke , probably from poor soldering .
no way to turn the volume up or down , plays really quiet so you cant hear it . and badly placed
makes mush of veggiesdoesn't chop nutsi'm not too happy with it .
poorly made . the glass does not sit well on the base . returning it . not worth the . maybe pass
doesn't fit my phone gs , wasn't satisfied with this product
keep slipping out from my ears . one 'ear' did not have sound when first time using it . return it immediately .
the toner must have sat around to long as it did not work . the items will be returned when have time
terrible . thin plot line , and characters you just can't connect with
been nice to have extra length not as bright as in the picture
it works but it only recognizes gs not t . there was link to the seagate site but it wasn't ewnlightening .
this is probably the worst record i've purchased in years . sting i want a refund pal .
i ordered this because of the price . installed it got a power light but it would not see sdhc card .
otherwise , it's fineworks as it's supposed to . nothing else to add but the review requires more wordsso there
paint started flaking and rubbing off dispenser eventually broke after a few months of normal use in m kitchen sink .
came in fetus size
i had the impression the stories would be good to read to a child , they weren't .
it does not lock on your hotshoe . has a problem staying on hot shoe . needs much improvement . not worth it .
not good for big scopes too low scope rubs on my ar had to buy lupold rings instead of this
these are junk and don't hold air . i do not recommend purchasing these unfortunately . i so wanted them to work .
was cracked when it arrived
i agree with both of the other reviewers . i am sending mine back to amazon . product needs more specific dimensions . thanks
i ordered a size smaller than i usually wear and they are still too big . not happy at all . very dissatisfied .
it was hard to put on and it wasn't sturdy .
i thought they were self adhesive , they are not
they fall apart as you wear them
too much talk of money and fashion and trying to sell crap to the reader . i could not stay awake .
first it will not my fit the galaxy note . so it going back also the metal has sharp edges !
looks cute but you can't put food it in so why make it look like a cookie jar ? go figure ?
what the hell ? where's buddy holly's not fade away ? if that song was on this , i would purchase it .
not much more than yahoo weather
love jewel quest , but this product is for the kindle tablet . will not load on samsung galaxy tablet . so bummed .
product not good had to call customer service because box stop working .
broke after months of purchase . won't recommend this item again . nice color but cheaply made item . do not recommend
this movie is werd and stage you no i ges if your a pot head its kool to you thanks .
it broke before i ever got it fully out of the package . it will be returned .
what a disapointmentdoes not work . sound quality is terrible worst than a am portable radio . do not buy it
don't waste money . it does not stop anything . it is not easy to work with .
it is a regular ventilator , wasn't what i expected , it is regular ventilator , i waste my money , do not buy !
what i exptected for the money . do not buy this .
the c . d . is great pity that the jewel case was badly cracked when i unpacked it !
this bag can barely fit a laptop , with no charger or any other accessories , let alone with a tablet !
within weeks are so , these little guys just stopped working . i was heartbroken because the sound was incredible .
i don't like it for waxing but okay for massage .
wasn't my kind of ending . i didn't think it was as good as everybody was saying . more question unanswered then answered . different .
author appeared to try to include too many couples characters and none were fully developed . also , scenes and dialogue not believable .
litt slsing med tid . ikke den beste og ikke noe en m se . men det er som forventet
the screen went bad in a week . display is all white now
i really really want this shoe in a or . what size is this ? i need to know asap .
boring book it should add more details stop and make chapters so your views will get more information about it
junk
does not stick as well as black one pretty pink though !
needs to be adjustable as it is too stretchy . i wouldn't trust it to keep anything anchored . do not recommend .
couldn't read it on a kindle .
no steam from the unit ! to the bin ! still trying to change it , weak support from delonghi
this runs small in the breast area but loose everywhere else . quality of product is questionable , does not wash well .
pseudointellectual glenn beck has no right to even mention the name thomas paine in reference to himself
it's was at all what i wanted in a camcorder it doesn't have good zoom but i was very disappointed
cute nightlight but didn't work . also note it is a rather heavy nightlight . returned item .
i get very little distance from the recever and i drop the signal not for me
i returned these hoops as they seemed larger than . in diameter and they appeared to be made very cheaply .
the package was open and the product was damaged . i have used it before . it's easy to follow the instructions .
i will not get to test the effectiveness of the cream because i cannot get past the bad smell .
stupid . do . not play it don't work crapy the scope don't work don't get at all don't get please dont
i'm sorry creator but this is the same game as angry birds and i got bored with it rather quickly .
first two candles failed within days . one of the replacement candles didn't work . truly amazing indeed . one star rating .
i ordered this book but did not receive it on my kindle . therefore i cannot review it . might not anyway .
it was defective and it was a christmas gift so i was pretty bumbed when it did not work
i am not even going to go into detail about this cd . the title of my review says it all .
this is the second one that has broken . the very thin strip at the base is very easy to crack .
they sent me the totally wrong book . same title but wrong author and cover page . duuuhhh . wrong book . i was not happy at all !
one pair was damaged but didn't return in time to get credit but the smaller pair was great love those
could not figure out how it works plus i don't trust it .
first paleo product i have tried that i found inedible . dry and tasteless .
computer would not recognize as correct parthad to buy gm part anywaywould be more careful in ordering next time
the lights didn't work so i returned it , and it took a long time to get it .
worked fine for a few months and then shorted out with a spark and a puff of smoke .
it wasn't suitable for my cellphone although it said it was . i couldn't get any charge . customer service was all right .
pretty boring not that funny
love the game . used to play on pc . unfortunately freezes all the time . it sucks there's not much free play too .
this game shows tv shows i have never heard of and they stink because they are all really old shows
writes smoothly but leave ink clumps that smear . would rather have my old standby medium point bics ! just was disappointed .
it doesn't load . skip this for kindle because it doesn't work . too bad as it looked cool in the previews !
not something i really care for only a personal preference i play games alone and not as exciting as i thought .
i didn't notice a difference .
what good is a rubber cord ? it should have a metal cord that can handle the heat of a bbq
the case is held together with a snap to swivel that doesn't work . it comes unsnapped really easy . sending back .
too tall would be a great bag , but since it was too tall , it made wearing it uncomfortable . returned .
looked totally cheesy . shiny fake costume jewelry . didn't look like it would ware well . might be acceptable for young teens .
these onesies run very small and get even smaller in the wash . will not buy any more of these !
this game will not downland , it said that solitare has stopped working would not buy it again . betty jo milliken
save your money
i ordered it by mistake and cancelled it , so i haven't read it . i will not be reading it . sorry .
i love jen lancaster , but she really needs to stick to memoirs . i'm glad i got this book on sale .
don't buy this crap , go to buymebrunch website and buy the real thing . material is much better there anyways . blip
not user friendly
not worth it . its not even worth cent . powdery mixture . taste is horrible . its just the smelll thts good
i was very disappointed in this book . i felt the author used a lot of fluff to extend the series .
my son has been using this binder for less than month , and the zipper is already broken .
these are far too painful to use . have never actually left in my nose for more than a couple seconds .
after limited use one ear bud quit working . not real happy and would not recommend them for purchase by others
when i got this piece of crap , i put it on my phone , and it was peeling . not too cool .
unable to access junk mail
cheap . after a couple of usage the rubber tip fell off .
title says but description says . price clearly is for the . so hopefullly nobody buys this expecting a
not worth the time it took or the the price . wouldn't snap closed . don't waste your money on this item .
this book was kind of just a tacky romance novel . i didnt think it was very good .
from the advertisement i thought this was a large toy for toddlers , so , so , so , so , so , very small .
really was hoping for the white ones . but the deflaut color black were shipped . not what i was hoping for .
robe did not fit right also was too long i was expecting a liner inside would not buy another one
the gum looks pretty , but the taste does not last long at all .
this book was not helpful very little information with quirky outdated images . not worth spending your money on this guide book .
its bent and it has a chip on it , which makes it hard for me to use it at work .
why can't this memory card be compatible with playstation one , i mean just look at the price !
these are way to bulky to ride . they are like orthopedic biking shoes . stick with the commuter sandals
food mill broke the first time i used it and didn't receive the the spaetzle maker at all
this app kept causing my kindle to crash . i didn't even get to really test it . don't down load it .
my daughter wore these sandals for one week and the half the jewels fell off . nota good quality shoe .
very low quality sound .
very generic information that you could get from a teen working at your local pet shop . don't waste you money .
we had this coffee pot for two months before it broke the heating coil not a very good product .
gives out very little heat , but is better than nothing on a cold floor . not great as a footrest either .
did not come with a converter for the kindle fire . therefore it was not worth what i paid for it !
had to return it . it was melted , looked like chocolate milk . iy was a shame i needed it for a gift
james patterson is just signing his name to these books so they will sell . does he even write anymore ?
dan brown is a hack writer , but his books can still be fun , and he doesn't write all that many .
flash on phone makes pictures turn red because of the case
not much information , even fewer photographs . your money would be better spent somewhere else . maybe on a five dollar swatch ?
the narration was cheaply done which distracted from the tour of the castles and chateaux' , which was also poorly done .
so many names and titles i feel asleep trying to wade through them all
the memory stick does not fit into the boss unit for playback requiring you to load it to computer first .
boringoring boringgdsrfhftfdtuuu ti e d d d d d d d r r r r r r r r rr
leaky
fell apart in delicate wash . the velcro leash that velcros on crib fell apart in wash on delicate air dried .
scent is not very much like chocolate hazelnut . expected it to smell like nutella . it doesn't .
sorry not very fun . thought it would be different but not challenging . don't recommend for adults . more of a child game
kept flipping back to january , . gave up on it and threw it out . perhaps was a battery issue .
it will not load when i touch the icon . it just goes to a black screen and will not load .
never got to actually wear it , it broke as soon as i tried to adjust it . i would not purchase
doesn't fit the doors with molding on the door frames .
no se aun porque lo baje ! pense en algo divertido . es un bodrio ! no lo termine . ni lo bajen . puffff
i tried this on my phone when i received it and it doesn't fit . and i also received it late .
the dvd was bad . the words did not line up with the motions it was always off a couple seconds
very short , little content .
used it for two days . in the car , stopped working . broke at the bottom . trash . will not recommend at all
ordered two , one was delivered broken sent it back and its been over weeks and no return
the old ones were noisy and warmthese are quieter and not as warmnoisy and warm better in my case
broke within minutes it was on our sons wrist and the pin fell out that holds the fastener together
esto lleg oacute faltandoles piedras
i got a different color with skulls and stuff when i ordered a red one . i was not really satisfied
it'swas purchased less than years ago i expect a longer life . this unit was not even used extensively .
alright
do not buy this book . unless it is free , do not bother to read it . it was not done well .
charger broke week after receiving it . it was disposed of . too much trouble to return . extremely unsatisfied with purchase .
bad acting . most women don't care about sex . need to find another outlet for my frustration . lets play golf more .
compared with the sound sensation blocks i bought together to my month babies , this product is almost ignored by them .
very simple and cheap chinese made system but not for this money , real sux . better to buy something other xxx
it's cheap compare to other eyelashes that are out there , but it's not very natural looking when i use it .
my son kindly downloaded this . i suppose he felt i needed it instead of a man . no . i don't use it .
it doesn't provide the same toning as the original and it actually broke my face out . i wouldn't recommend it .
this app was much easier to use before the updates ! please , please change it back ! more information is not always better !
this is just a demo so you buy the games . so much is locked it is not even worth downloading .
thought i was getting the original ! . two stars is being too generous . guess i'm getting older and no wiser .
all the markers were dried out so it didn't work except for the green which was almost dried out
it looks great on the picture but it is cheaply made . not worth the money
this has been a complete failure . it hasn't worked at all . it came quickly only to be a major disappointment .
i needed an ethernet splitter which is what this is supposed to be ! only one side works ! piece of trash !
the heel broke within times of wearing them . completely disappointed . super cute but a shame they couldn't hold up .
i really didn't like this headphones , it make too much pressure on in the ears and the cushions keep falling .
this review is really the same as the one for hidden garden unicorns . there just is not any challenge there !
didn't like this product i purchased the lg hsb instead
this did not fit properly . apparently for an older model . unit disintegrated , during the first mowing . check with sears first !
apparently , the final chapter could shatter the foundation of the christian church . this book was published fifteen years ago . we're waiting .
the cartrige died the second day it was in the printer . i'll never order these performance plus print cartriges again .
returned . stencils are too large for my needs and cannot be reduced easily .
did not work .
not worth downloading . not a complete story .
did no want it my girl friend stole my lap top and downloaded it please make trhis mor difficult in
did not fit . my phone is htc evo g . the battery was a little to big to fit it in .
very disappointed . it smell so bad and i really didn't aspect that . if i could give zero stars i would .
the small brushes are pretty good but the powder brush and the blush brush are horrible . i do not recommend .
very poor quality . this wouldn't protect anything .
the cord is too thin and too short will not recommend this to any one . i have nothing else to say
don't but it
the app is awful . it's slow . it booted out the storage in my kindle . never again ! don't get this app .
unfortunately , fall apart very first time used . while removing cap of ball pen it breaks , and became useless tool now .
the readings on this were much higher than at my doctor's . like points higher , for both systolic and diastolic .
don't
hard to direct the blocks . i did not like playing this game . i was disappointed and would not recommend it .
too big for a cigarette , didn't extinguish the cigarette . had to push it down to get it to go out
product is s , stopped working within days for any apple device . don't waste your time or money with this
only one of the films was worth watching . the others were a complete waste of time . great packaging , but misleading .
didn't work
dividing attention between two dissimilar pieces of software left both inadequately covered . this book raised more questions without providing answers .
some of the pages are blank and skip sections and make this book difficult to enjoy i am very disapointed
it's doesn't even load the game and when i try to uninstall it it doesn't even disappear !
these were not really waterproof and the material was flimsy . they tore pretty quickly and feel very plastic in texture .
manufacturer should advise purchasers that a half to full size larger size may be needed when selecting this particular shoe .
stick with the boat type bottom . these are cheap . they are flimsy and not very attractive . thank you so much
too generic to be of use . would not recommend this book . too short to be of help to me . sorry .
would recommend this book . life is what you make it . live and love everyday . the book kept my interest . excellent
one mile plus is a jokethats enough to give it this rating . flat land here and its not what advertised
shot as a documentary style film . the entire thing was very boring . the characters were totally unbelievable and situation contrived
poor quality . wouldn't buy again . it isn't quality , waste of . was looking forward to it . sad about it .
wow amazon . shame on you . you are selling a pirated edition of a a copyrighted book .
i was hoping it would be more like the apps i have on my tv where the fire changes more .
i ordered two packages , one does not work . my printer keeps telling it doesn't recognize the cartridge . the other worked
i was looking for app that would produce scores for the teams that i was interested in . this does not .
ordered three of the same mug all were different
she drinks it but her teeth do not seem to benefit from it , i see no change in her teeth .
i have seen alot of ninja movies and this was the worst i have ever seen .
started out good , but after about a month it would only keep a charge half the day . not impressed .
this movie was ok , but for someone who loves scary movies it is always hard to find really good ones .
the cover tore the st time the dog got on the seat cover . too thin and basically was too crappy
i found this book uninteresting and didn't finish it . boring . i could not recommend it , sorry . the writing is quite childish
after several attempts to get program to run on kindle fire gave up . game would reset back to app page
very few pictures and if you can't select the right plant , how can you trust eating it !
cool case just doesn't work like its suppose to light flashes every mins but other then that cool case
it is basically just a fan does not cool a bedroom down at all
not bad . it's okay . i wouldn t order it again . will try something else at another time down the open road .
it did not work on my asus tf . i deleted it directly and will not try to dl it again .
this thing is so cheap , styrofoam would hold up more . save the money for something useful . like literally anything else .
i didn't like the book at all . diary of a mistress was better than this one . i was very disappointed
these are ok dishes , but you can get them at walmart for dollars .
cheap metal and sheathmetal tips break easily and sheath is cheap aftermarker crap , rips and tears everytime you touch it
go with rnd instead . this is flimsy and stopped working . the length is great but the quality just isn't there .
it didn't work with my printer at all . don't bother buying it . it was a complete waste of my money .
k so this game has the triangle or pyramid with an eye on it remind u of any secret league
scratches on all four sides i hope they play alright . i'm too lazy to return this is what it amounts to .
complete action after action , with little to no drama or plot .
so stupid in many ways the photos are stupid an the book is not good at all to much gore
my cats won't even look at the screen ! there are other kitty games that they like , but not this one .
eat s cheaters
purchased spring of . batteries don't work because they expired . product dated on all of the batteries . don't purchase
didn't work .
after days of use , the pillows have been replaced . horrible horrible and cheaphave seen better pillows for less
very poor qualityit is not smooth at allbetter off with the cheaper onelife time replacement is not worth itshipping charge
setup says this app can't run on your pc . i tried installing it times . good luck if you buy it .
cable worked great for about weeks , then failed . cable become lose at pin . you get what u pay for .
this dose not work , save you mony
some parts seemed a bit rushed . others were a little hard to get into . over all i kinda liked it
thought it would be challenging . able to guess answers . never saw any of the movies im a movie buff .
dont buy it when i got mine it was damaged and i thought i bought it new ! it is horrible
it didn't work so don't know if i would have liked it or not . glad it didn't cost a lot .
this case was way to big fir my camera and says if will fit nice but that is a lie
runs hot i should have bought the real one from epson . this one works but it get scary hot
the toothbrushes are way too hard . they are not medium and i cannot use them as they hurt my gums
my son is three and was bored quickly by this video . perhaps a younger child might enjoy it more .
i can go directly to my public library's website from the silk browser check out an electronic book faster .
its more for women .
they didn't fit right . couldn't get them on ! too narrow in the shaft . will probably be returning them . very disappointed .
i was hoping for a coarser feel like the ones they use at the nail salon . this ones are fine .
can't get app to work . spent several hours trying to troubleshoot with no luck . will probably remove from my kindle
this is a low carb book . better of with atkins book .
great looking case , but needed one with a belt clip .
after days it torn up was a waste of my money .
don't buy stuff like this on line unless you like broken plates .
not happy with purchase at all , item was advertised as working refurbished and it did not even power up properly
the disc was broken . i coudn't play it on my ps , dvd and bluray . it would load for a bit and then eject
can't take this product had a bad reaction .
it's not stereo , it's just for one ear , plus the driver is only for the specific nokia head phone jack .
item didn't line up with all the slots .
what would make this great ? sending all copies to mars , and far from my ears .
i bought because of positive reviews . gauge was accurate for a few months . then started reading pounds too high .
impossible also the main character was too clever maybe the author was writing a film . script science fiction and . mmpre
it's look very nicebut it's not fit to my suzuki v strom dl
within about uses it just stopped working all together . the motor is trying to work but it stopped spinning .
this is a very , very weak version of greys ! what more can i say , i didn't enjoy this read !
cheap . should have ease changing out batteries but no such luck . plastic piece to connect batteries broke . overpriced . not happy
worst app ever ! don't get it ever . its a wast of time . realy don't get this app . it's realy bad
the size is super small lik for a year old body . needs bigger sizes . or a option for it .
looks great at first , tastes fine , but melts by the next day . don't waste your money , buy regular kosher salt .
i returned this because the pieces couldn't even hold air for hours . they would be great if they did .
it is to small and prom is in days and i don't know what to do about it .
could not get it on the phone useless do not buy this product hard plastic makes it impossible to mount
this has marks on it from the tenfoot pole you would not like to touch it with
cute shoes , light weight but too small . they don't seem to be really true to size . i suggest sizing up .
good product and delivery , but the actual dvd story is quite boring and disappointing really .
battery failed to charge after a month and a half of usage . at first it worked great , very disapointing quality .
had to turn it off , couldn't watch anymore of it . this is possibly the worst show i have ever seen , yuk
doesn't fit . too small with the spacer , too large without them . and i have stock harley davidson drag bars , nothing fancy .
awful . can't make it go forward . hard to get out of it . now can't get out of the review . really ?
the bite valve started to break off at the base soon after purchase . i was very disappointed by the quality .
did not think that this short wasn't aware when i purchased it was worth the time . no depth to it !
much to tight in waste .
this has a really weird fit . the shoulders are off and the rest of it is too bulky . returned it .
we are very dissapointed in this toy ! it won't spin with my son sitting on it . don't waste your money !
i would love to review this product , but i never recieved it . emailed the seller several times , but got no response .
the item looked good but lock assy was not operating had to go buy another one from another ebay seller
unfortunately after cleaning the screen and protector , any micro debrisstill creates bubbles . could not push the bubbles out with squeege .
i used the chart and it was incorrect . it was way too small . i'll shall be returning this item asap !
its way too dark . wasnt aware from the picture . maybe good for the black iphone but not for white one .
this isn't the product i thought it was . it doesn't fit our phone . i'm very frustrated . i'll be returning it .
f
. commercial rapper . reasonable doubt and vol were the only good albums he can put out .
i hate the skirt . the material is very very bad . i don't think the picture is the same as the real thing .
amazingly , these are even worse than the earbuds that came with a givaway portable radio . absolutely worthless .
shirt is great but i ordered a youth small and what arrived was clearly an adult small .
ethernet part does not work at all on mac , was flaky in linux . the hub part did work on both .
it would not work on my slow tablet .
the speaker is not clear and hard to understand what people say when you talk to them on the phone
man's inhumanity to his fellow man is only eclipsed by his inhumanity to animals . talk about brainwashing the public indeed .
was crushed . trying to keep it alive . i don't think it will survive . it is brused and turning black .
used for inch tv . will not stay level , need to brace tv . not enough vertical adjustment .
red was too orange . did not like it . would not buy it again . would not recommend to buy unhappy camper .
mindless and touchy
cant see , very faint . defeats purpose of this product .
federal return processed without problems . state return is inaccessible without paying more money . what is going on with all this ?
ho hum
bad material . it stings . have to use a condom . great shape tho . to bad it's not silicone . yuk . don't buy
didn't at all work like a new battery , it held power worse than the one i was trying to replace .
poorly made . did not fit well . was very very uncomfortable i would not recommend this holster for any purpose
just way too many mistakes . don't use this book without having javadoc handy .
very excited to have received my package but disappointed that it didn't it didn't fit . the size chat was off .
the instrument does not operate properly . constant error . checked by using a different unit and the second unit operates properly .
i thought there would be more contact . a little disappointed not enough to get excited about . would not watch again
easy read , easy plot line , nothing spectacular . wasn't bad , just not one i'd recommend to other people nor rave over .
it didn't roll up so i cannot use it ! why would i like it if i cannot even use it .
the rubber part is very cheaply made , there are other better models on the market . don't buy it . look around
the paper is fine , but the cover came apart from the sealant within minutes of receiving , rendering the sketchpad useless .
learn how to roll blunts with your hands . this thing is a waste of time and money , dont do it .
boring . at is the best i can say . this was , with certainly , not cookson's best offering . dull plot with dullard characters .
it's broken already just got it jan . its a shame it was a birthday gift . it not worth it folks .
they don't work
i returned this wallpop . it looked cheap . i love jonathan adler frames , sadly this was not of the same quality .
i ordered it but it has yet to open . i haven't been able to open it . it's not worth it .
it's cute but it does not fit on the bracelet i bought to put it on . i can't use it .
sadly , this product does not work with my galaxy s . it plugs in fine but does not charge at all .
careful this is a cd single of the title cut only , not the entire album .
need i say more ? one star because amazon has sent me emails asking to review .
was so disappointed when this arrived . i am a curvy girl and the xl fit like a m . no bueno !
that movie was an insult to my god ! a crock of s ! it made joke about noah and his family
certainly not for any one under . does not operate like instruction said . this was a total waste of money .
i did not receive what i ordered . i received a pack of sheets . it is advertised as sheets .
the cd is missing the code from book . the author publisher is ignoring my email .
we had two , both came apart within two months . comfortable while they lasted , but surely wouldn't be buying again .
when the ordered came in the size of the pants were wrong . i ordered small size i received medium size
this thing is loaded with cursing and taking god's name in vain . it was awful ! i certainly can't recommend this .
the red shirt is not cotton as said in the description , and one of the sleeves is really tight .
i didn't care for this pumpkin soup , it taste more like pumpkin flavored corn starch .
instructions were not clear . couldn't figure out where how to attach straps . no diagram .
the lower rubberized twist looks awful . it does not lay straights and appears flimsy . i do not recomment this necklace .
it wouldn't stick to wall keeps falling down . waste of money in my opinion
i think lenny tryes to make to many radio freindly songs . he just needs to rock . stop with the pop stuff already .
did not find north correctly
the story was so over the top , the main characters were very annoying , and the conversations were corny . i didn't like it .
on about the third pin the head of the hammerseparated from the handle . the mutes and feltsworked ok , though .
intermittent power to ipad , defective cable . don't try to save any money on cheap chargers and cables . the rarely function .
didn't do anything more than any other cleaner on my bathroom granite .
didn't like them at all . size seems to be much larger so i would suggest to purchase size smaller .
i have used the product as directed and still have the warts . don't waste your time and money . no good .
it is ok to have one if you really like the strong scented perfumes . does not suite my need rather .
i had to use drops of superglue in some spots for the grip doesn't stick properly ! cheap for a reason .
it is very nice i like it . it's clear and it's motive is very nice . it look great on phone . i am happy .
not the best action movie and certainly not one of michael douglas's better movies
product probably good , seller stinks ! purchased item from this seller but they are uncommunicative and loose about shipment . caveat emptor !
do not get this product . i've been using this product for months now and have seen result .
huge disappointment . don't buy , borrow from the library if you must .
didn't work when received .
this purple cheetah hard rubber was not up to spectations . the cheetah rubbs off real quickly . will not buy again
the case peels
the book was of good quality and looked new . the story had too much of personal review of the author
wish it had more detail . bought the adkins book at walmart , so i would have more info and food list
if you hated apocylpse by tim bowler you will hate this book much more !
not at all what i expected .
can't get to to attach to ipad . wish i could send it back . i would not buy again . sorry bye
its true does not work well at all . if you buy keep your packing material for return .
did not work at all , plus all the people i work with thought it was weird . dont waste your
these things pretty much sucked . i bought the zerolemons and they had more juice and a longer life . buy them .
are there any stories about deaf hard of hearing lesbians ? please give me sample . thanks .
milan designed means made in china of cheap and thin plastic . tucano is short for tu you can say no .
it showed up cracked on the side so it won't close all the way just like the other reviewer said .
felt on rollers came off within minutes of painting my pipe fence . i would never buy another one !
the book did not do or explain what it says it does it is a do not buy . very dissapointed
reticle detached from the manufacture and amazon won't return after days . this unit and amazon are the worst .
i received a defected battery it does not work . i expect to get a working battery after paying for one .
do not use amazon's 'check fit' option it does not fit the touring model . item is too long .
much smaller than it appears in the photo , with no storage capacity whatever . the workmanship does not match the price
took way to long to ship does not provide any shade for my son very unhappy with product . its horrible .
does not work as advertised .
it seems they forgot to put any fragrance in the bottle . all i smell is alcohol . i am thoroughly unimpressed .
didnt stop loud noise
not much to write about . maybe it will grow in a month or so . looked like it had nothing inside
overall , i don't really think it's a good game . i expected a lot more , i guess . would not recommend . .
didn't care forthe brevity . not enough time too get to know the characters well enough . not for me . llllllllllllllllllllllllllll
these suck they stopped working within days have buying . dont waste your time , money , or energy .
we bought it but there were problems with cable in the neighborhood so we never watched it .
didn't glow very much and had to put the bags under a lamp to get it to even somewhat glow .
the toe part of these socks are too small it's painful to walk with them .
the add says customers buy this with the canon dc but the battery does'nt work with the dc . how stupid !
i thought it was like candy crush saga but it's not . i rather have candy crush saga on my kindle fire
this is plain vanilla with a bad after taste ! wanted to make vanilla bean fraps , but this does not work .
this is a piece of trash . the stations are never strong enough , constant static when you do find a station
cheap quality
it faded after washing , also the fit was small . i was disappointed since it was an adorable disney outfit .
this cushion is not comfortable from the first moment . it is hard and has very little cushion
three of us very handy people tried to get this on straight . no luck . glad it only cost cents .
don't buy . this is a spin off from another book but not worth the to get !
while this book is extensively used the kindle version is lacking in searchability and useability . pda functionality works better .
did not warm up at all ! total waste ! i would not recommend this to anyone . it is not worth buying .
this movie escape from planet earth , had no depth . it had a shallow plot and was less than mildly entertaining .
i ordered this because the movie was recommended to me by several people . it finally arrived and it does not work !
animation was second rate . dialogue was second rate . expected a lot more from dreamworks the penguins .
somewhat tight across the top . will return . too bad they are not comfortable as it is a pretty shoe . pity
might as well buy diaper cream . it's too thick and white , doesn't rub into the skin and doesn't smell good .
worked fine until months after purchase . now i can use it for a paperweight .
very boring , not much else to say . narrative style didn't impress me . once again very boring
its taking too long to download but i like it cause it is so so fun lol lmao lil lol
this was such a weird movie . there were definitely funny parts kind of like monty python , but significantly more weird .
this was horrible , it bubbled up and did not fit correctly
will not fit s to small will not close waste of money poor quality made of plastic save your money
could have been pages less . too wordy for me . tiresome .
the pens didn't work tried both sets and only three worked very disappointed in them had some unhappy little girls
i can't even start a game without a message telling me that it shut down unexpectedly . not worth the download .
the taste was not so goodi had to finish it cuz i alreadu bought it but it wasn't that good
this is not the international version , this is t mobile version , dont sayid that if international this is a lie .
lacked quality content . lots of spelling errors . i think a child may have written this book not a mom pro .
this scarf wasn't the color from the picture , it's more bright red than the deeper color shown
better information on line than in this pamphlet like book , poor print and very limited information on just a few presidents
charger worked for an hour when i received it after that it stopped . it was just a waste of money
this tablet won't keep a charge and never charges completely . the device gets extremely hot when charging !
not sure why people are so impressed by this . annoying commentators , poor physics , mediocre graphics . i enjoyed the first trials .
too skinny for my taste , color and pattern very good
the book delivery was good . the actual product is only a compilation of numerous author's essays .
this chain is too stiff . i was hoping for a flexible chain and this is not it . returned it already .
not alot of feathers , uli uli for a small child we wanted a larger uli uli one for an adult .
didn't understand the product i thought it was a map that i didn't have to draw so i deleted it
it was tooooo small for this lady ! i can't really add too much as i could not get it on .
not for me
i expected what the commercial promised . i saw no difference at all . i do not like the product at all
i was really looking forward to this cd to see what carlos was up to . very dissapointing .
ordered two bulbs . one has been used for about weeks and is already losing power . don't waste your money .
not so great , would not recommand it .
writing but characters are unredeemed . our book club has read these three . i am relieved this is the last of them .
have to touch the screen to hard and anti glare don't work properly and buttons are touch automatically all the time .
. should be perfect on my head like the other hats . can i change my hat to smaller ! ?
show is good , disk kept freezing on the third and forth disk . clean my player but the problem continue .
i ordered this cd , but there was only tracks neither one was the club dance version .
very slow processor , windows computers suck , definitely not worth the money do not buy this computer , you will regret it
for some reason this phone shuts off after seconds . the battery has a full charge .
took it out to play with it and within the first hour , it broke . maybe a lemon , i dont know
sorry but they didn't fit my requirements . i still have it and wondered if i can still return it . thanks .
this wantabe mystery is predictable and boring using cliches at every turn . not new noir . skip this read .
i wonder how they were able to get this tube a full inch up the metal prongs ? i sure couldn't .
the mirror did not work as indicated . it would not keep in place once expanded . would not recommend to anyone .
i wish we could have finished watching it . it kept stopping in the same spot , tried several times to restart .
used cheap zipper in construction . zipper will not zip up on or off person . needed to return for money back . thank you
you like learn how to make tree houses , monster traps , and how to triple your wood . it was very fun
well known author and illustrator . a child's book . for anyone over it is a waste of money .
it appears to be cheaply made , out of plastic , and very fragile . i was looking for aluminum housing .
stopped working after a couple months
the magic touch of the fantastic piano duo has dramatically changed . another cd for the shelves ?
size too bigmaterial not what i had expected . maybe dry fit type would be nice otherwise it would be great .
does not work as well as i had wanted . but i am sure other people might enjoy having it .
is not a leather bag through and through , appears to be a knock off version of callaway
you can only connect using straight lines whereas dots for iphone can curve it makes for more enjoyable game play .
these things are huge ! i was expecting regular size ones .
this is so dirty and too much scribble on it . dont' buy a used one . buy a new one . thanks
really sparkly at first but so poorly made it falls apart too easily . i would just rate it as awful .
you all really need to get laid sometime
it was good for month . but after there are lot of sounds from the frame . quality is not good .
i am so upset that i wasted my money on this . i just got it today and it is broken .
auto rip doesn't work
yes official apple bumpers made by apple . markup increase is plain greedy ! do not buy from these people !
bought this book after reading reviews . but it was wordy and very hard to follow . not what i was expecting
i love post apocalyptic , anti consumer books , but this book does poorly what the uglies , and other books like it do well .
i received it and i like it very muchthe only thing its to thin for the phone in the indide
the audio on this product worked fine but the video quality was not acceptable . sent it back for a refund .
i dont like having any part of my toes show , the toe box was really small . returned with no issues .
did not last long
i thought this app used my subscription . it requires a separate subscription . i am sticking with web version . that it .
purchased in august and it broke in december . while it worked , it was nice . cannot return which is a bummer
this is not the real game this is horrible and i wish i didnt waste my time on this stuff
terrible experience .
didn't work at all . don't buy it .
made of plasticwith no proper instructionsnot dishwasher safe as metionedwill return asap
are u f'n serious ! this cd is junk . f k you you denmark f k ! whoop whoop ! wicked clowns will never die ! don't buy this !
spyware app . don't bother buying downloading this app and save your buck . not worth putting your privacy at risk .
was not the movie i intended to rent . the little i saw of it was boring and not well staged .
this iphone cover was broken within two days . the material is very crisp and break easy . dont waste your money !
what do you have to do ? it's so boring . is there a point to this like a waste on like cents
warning please do not waste your money on this shirt , it looks and feel very cheap
not the product that i found that i was really interested in . it worked as described . easy enough to use .
the book is kind of hard to understand , it doesn't really give clear cut examples on how to solve the problems .
i can not rate this product because i cancelled the order and never had a chance to use the warranty .
a lot bigger than i expected . not a huge fan of it .
not well made last days only have to wiggle to get sound or picture would pass on this one !
not my favorite
wtf ? it's just one song played times in a row . if you want real canadian rock , listen to sum .
does not look good at all . does the job but not what i expected ! want to return , want to return .
stuck on out of the box . not a good product . don't know why i have to give star .
this is supposed to be an extended warranty plan , but it goes into effect before i even get the product ?
followership download dosent work , code is wrong , get lot of trouble to download it . im still not able to download
bull shi . only works with pc .
you can't hear the person o . the other end .
i don't know if it is normal , but the plastic smell very badly . it may be toxic ? it didn't fit
bought two and neather one would work . wouldnt clip into place . wish i would have bought from some place else
i love odd thomas but this was a disappointment , totally and utterly disappointing
song sounded familiar to me , then remembered the old song stormy by classic iv . it is exactly the same .
i dont think this is the right picture for what is being offered , or vice versa .
this book is zoological short this book is for younger kids about year olds not what i was expecting
my daughter has thick , curly hair . this brush doesn't make a dent in her tangles . it's basically a pet brush .
phone is cheaply made and cannot be used with a headset . a lot of background noise .
not exactly want i wanted . i thought the movie would be blunders that judge judy made while televising her program .
you can get this information on an internet search . i was looking for more detailed content from an expert's perspective .
i was hoping to wear the red skirt to work , although it was too thin . would not recommend this item .
they look really cute , but very uncomfortable to wear . you get blisters after just an hour of wearing these sandals .
do not buy this product . it is a fake copy and does not work . never purchase anything from hollis .
i think this album brought tears to my eyes .
even thou its cheap . not worth it . i am sure there are better products that are worth spending money on .
did not work . was ordered for a neighbor . no results at all . what a waste .
not exactly what i wanted don't think its dark enough for me to contour with .
i have tried the applications but it didnt remove a planter warts on the bottom of my left foot
simply unreadable . a nonsense book and a ridiculous plot . sincerely one of the worst books i've ever read .
doesnt run properly do not recommend . it is not as powerful as described and will not go near the stairs
both rubber air hose i buy , air leek between ruber and brass conection , with the two goodyear ep not problem
i did not got the item that i purchased more than a months ago . very disatisficedi will not recommend
the item described in the ad was not what was delivered . no logo was engraved on the cap at all .
i read of this book , stopped and deleted it from my kindle . the plot and characters are not interesting .
this is a stick on and not sure i will use .
original speakers had more power and bass . like another customer posted , i kept the other original intact .
very small graphics , not a good game . not easy to play on small screen . colors were ok but not great
songs were not usual lenard cohen , sound was bad , played it couple times threw it in trash , piece of crap
the timbre is not good at all . just has the good appearance . not worth
the cross was a lot bigger in person then in picture . very unhappy with product
the swimsuit is beautiful and the body of the suit fits but it's made for women with breast sizes a c .
case was broke . cheaply made bands not even round . break easily and a waste of money . kids were very upset
i thought that this book would be much more . it is extremely small . it could fit in your pocket .
light flickers . doesn't always work . really cheap . i feel so completely robbed , it's not even the money it's the principal .
quite chintzy appearigg for bridesmaids we had to return them . maybe as casual jewelry
the calve size is way to small shoe size is good some people calves r bigger the there shoe size
it was junk probably a fake i hope i would not think monster made something that awful ?
i would not recommend this for the layman . the author is telling too many of her own stories .
product is not consistent a bit blotchy when put on does not stay on long .
hard to follow and slow moving . did push through and finished reading , but would not recommend this book . poorly written .
i am very , very disappointed with this product . my nephew was playing with it on christmas day and it broke .
terrible , crummy , doesn't work , plus my stylist said these are terrible for your hair . i would not recommend this product .
it was hard instead of soft even when it was wet . it was very uncomfortable i just didn't like it .
did not care for layout and lack of ease in working .
it does not work on my kindle hdx , it cost my coins , but no way to get a refund ?
while it's a nice tie clip , it doesn't look like the picture . the one i received doesn't have the chain .
the only benefit was that it was of premium silicone and a light weight option for protecting my nokia .
marginal quality plastic cover .
kids not excitedabout it
i did not look at the length , and they would not work in a normal corkboard . they are two long .
i tried to give it the benefit of the doubt , but could not even finish it . brutally unfunny . boring . interminable .
be sure to ask your installer if you need the male or female . this one is the male . darn it .
i had to throw it away because it didn't fit mine or any one else i knows phone ! very disappointed !
this is shi this is shi this is shi this is shi this is shi you surely get the message by now !
i downloaded this app and i couldn't even play it unless i signed up for something else . i wouldn't recommend .
perhaps i've read too many romances , but this was a real disappointment . shallow , poorly developed characters and unoriginal . ho hum .
that's all , nothing more than a piece of junk . installed it and it fell off in a matter of minutes .
did not evenly clean
the case won't stay on the phone . it's too soft and flexible . i guess you get what you pay for .
hard to put on from heel if you don't have a narrow foot .
same thing over and over ? just seems boring . i kind of like the characters , but even the pilot was repetitive .
please don't bay this .
don't have it but i saw review i am with them don't even think about getting it wast of space
blank screen . does not work at all . a complete waste of time and money . dont know why it doesnt work . no info
save your pfennigs and get uberlube . truly an amazing personal lubricant . this one is only so so and is nothing special .
it's cute but totally changed colors after one time wearing it ! good thing i didn't spend a lot of money !
ordered . and cc charged july st . today is august nd and still have not received refill kit .
broke after first charge . plugging in the usb cause the case top to pop open and misalign the input ports .
the pants i bought didnt look like the one's on the website . i gambled and lossed . what can you do ?
after a long download , would not install on my samsung galaxy s
did not need and not returnable .
it's very leaky .
written by the same people that have only reviewed libretto products using the same wording over and over . buyer beware .
i recieved the item very fast and secure but the smell is really awful and seems to be very old
could not get the affect that we were going for . the adhesive did not work and make my daughter itch .
dollar store junk . broke after accidently dropping it . would have been better off flushing the money down the toilet . junk .
it was easy to confugure it worked ok for months then died . i prefer ubquiti now .
it's doen't dry as fast and the crylic come off when i used my professional nail filer
yuck ! totally boring . it had like one scene that was funny , and the rest was just a real sleeper .
most uncomfortable headphones i ever tried . sound isn't that great either . my bad mistake .
hello , i had this item sent to my mom . she said it was nasty . beware !
it wasn't the worst movie ever , but overall it wasn't very good . had some spanking scenes , but hinted at more .
not worth the price , the material is super hard and make your feet hurt . i wish i could return them .
it worked with alot of elbow grease . after which i discovered deep scratches even though i used a soft cloth .
cheaply made holes in stitching when i recieved it .
just not that good of a movie .
boy meets girl , begin chain of events leading to their consummation , then several vivid descriptions of their raw , wallowing undulations .
i loved casey's quirky singing , etc on idol . the cd sounds nothing at all like the casey i remembered .
really need a good understanding of bible knowledge to enjoy this book . would recommend to anyone who has the knowledge .
it's decent . kinda not what i expected but it's okay . i got a new case . thank you though x o
this movie pails in significance compared to the original conan staring arnie . i don't recommend wasting your time with this .
poor quality .
the piece was hanging out of the envelope and completely smashed and ruined . this is unexceptable . i am not happy .
all flash and no dash ! looks pretty good . very hard to read . a worthless piece of junk . back it goes !
that is the last season i will watch i cant believe how bad the show has gotten this last season .
problems freezing up could hear sound but could not see sometimes so i stopped in just a few minutes into
both batteries were dead ! they suck !
the sound cut off periodically during the night and also sometimes had static in the recording . returned for another model .
extremely low quality and overpriced hardware meets classically low quality microsoft software . i will stick with nintendo hardware from now on .
this is not a game . wish i could get my money back . amazing waste of time and money in my opinion .
they sent a small instead of a large so i had to return it and it cost more .
if your idea of comfortable slipper is a piece of wood then you'll love these .
this application never did work , i tried it numerous times and the results were all the same , did not work .
it was good for week then it stopped holding the phone and broke apart basically . total waste of money
the battery worked with the samsung impression but was slightly to big and you couldn't put the back cover on .
superb
horrible band ! uncreative rd rate rock with mindless lyricsno wonder their album is flopping on the charts and in sells .
the item sent to me not what not i chose and not as described . make sure the next time .
i think i damage my ipad trying to installed this cable ! i wish i would have not purchased the item !
the book was sooooo stupid , i was mad at myself for even finishing the book , big wast of my time .
this was not what i ordered they cahange the case size and it does not work
hate the material but i guess that's what you get when you chose to buy cheaper trying to save money
flawed design . the straps do not properly attach . rubbed my shap pei's fur off . this is not a good product .
pages were missing ! don't think a book is worth anything if pages are ripped out and missing ! be carefull buying
it doesn't stay on , hard to change pages through it . i really don't like them , should have returned them . really !
plastic covered cardboard . cheaper to cut out a cardboard paddle . too funky and cheap . waste of money . cute to display only .
misleading ad . only one mm socket being sold here , but price makes it seem like you're getting a steal . beware .
cheaply made but looks really cute . it blocks my sensor so when i make calls the screen stays on . wouldn't recommend .
it's overrated and has copied a game known as bejeweled , which in my opinion is much better , especially bejeweled twist .
do not buy . i do not care where you put the cd the quality is the poorest you can fine .
very disappointed . only year old and already rusting and collapsing . waste of money . pretty but not durable or practical
this cable was so short and it didn't even fit my keyboard , what a waste of money .
wished it was brighter
you get what you pay for . don't expect it to do much or last long on batteries .
i downloaded the game but the security code i received from amazon was invalid so i couldn't run the game .
this was a little hokey for me . there were useful things and things that were just too silly .
battery burned up my charger . had to buy a new one . would not reccommend . cheap batteries are just that , cheap
i don't claim to be an expert on crush washers but you may break your gun before these washers crush !
the msg c c works well . when it works . after two months the rollers started squeaking and have stopped the in out width change function .
this trash sucks tranny granny balls . avoid at all costs .
i like the easy preparations necessary to bring the meal to the breakfast table . easy to prepare and great taste .
well it get hot within five minute and cuts off and then you can't use for about hour lol omg
same as all the gaming rooms you dont win andt then you want us to pay to play no thanks
lame and derivative . even though it was free , i feel i should get money back for actually have read this
this book is seriously too basic to be of any help to a practitioner .
i thought the clip holder would be tighter but its not its really loose . i just dont use them .
first the first lighter didn't work , then the second lighter they sent worked one day . bummer bummer and bummer all around
it's a bright blue light , nota soft yellow glow . plus , it flashes like a strobe light . must have arrived damaged .
terrible . didn't work at all . bug waste of my money . do not buy this product . blah blah blah blah bah
next time i'm going to stick with my dependable costco standard tp . not worth it , even at a sale price .
go ahead , order this and see if it comes ? ordered this back in april and i'm still waiting for it !
i decided after i ordered these , not to use them . so i can not say if they worked or not .
even as a gag this doesn't live up to the haha factor , i was not really impressed with the app
product did not work . not even worth the effort to return it . would not suggest anyone ever buy this item .
this product is made in china , buy it if you wand to add some chinese flavor to your porsche !
the stick broke upon striking the match and fell on my shirt and put a inch hole don't buy !
don't waste your money . this book is offensive in it's sexist humor and it's not a real cookbook .
dog wont play with it . none of the dogs will pick it up . not even the cat likes it
i like this author and most of her books are funny but this one missed the mark
could not getr good reception in the area i live in
worked for about a month , then one of the ends bent and it no longer works . cheap , flimsy , easily broken .
i did not care for this book . too many ingredients . slow cooker recipes should be quick and easy to make .
beware , this dvd contains only five tracks . sixteen minutes in total . that's it . a waste of money .
did not come with all the items advertised . all the items that did show up where of extremely low quality .
the left pedal's bearing seized up after months . not what i expected from a set of pedals .
a dissapointment ! mostly background photos . a dull read !
when i got these most were staleso we mainly used for dog treatsso they didn't go to waste
piece of sh broke first turn go to parts store and find a better one . it is a piece of crap
very poorly done video . my kids thought it was boring , and so did i . not recommended . definitely do not purchase .
even in a small car , this diffuser puts out a marginally noticeable fragrance . unless you use a powerful oil like spearmint .
it not working not coming on and company don't want to exchange the item this is a waste of money
i am not homophobic , but some children will be teased about owning an item with this written boldly on it .
it was very difficult to put it on the handlebar and it is almost impossible to remove it .
very poor , unproven research . this guy just expects everyone to believe him . very poor research . i would never recommend it .
too hard to click with my arthritic hands
at least i got it for free , but i would not search this group for additional music to purchase . sorry
it doesn't give you info that isn't readily available on the net . it was pretty disappointing to say the least .
it broke one week after i started using the holder . i would recommend buying a better quality holder . thank you .
very weak couldn't hold my shelf at all . the plastic bent in half as soon as i mounted the shelving unit .
cheap crap that won't even stay in the port . avoid this junk cable and buy the amazon basics ft cable .
total fail . didn't even last a day on my phone so disappointed . wouldn't recommend wasted my money really sad . done
this product sucks i don't recommend any one to buy but it's your money if you wanna try to see
was not enough here to keep your interest at all , nothing that i would ever want to read ever again
this item is really cheaply made . i would only use this for very small pick up .
this ashtray was extremely loud and didn't work as well as i thought it would . very disappointed in this purchase .
as with most as seen on tv projects , it doesn't work as seen on tv . however , it's not completely useless .
while convenient , it is difficult to clean since the spring doesn't work and the top is impossible to remove .
will not stay on faucet , keeps pooping off . should not be made of plastic . loved the idea of it .
simply a boring album . every song has been done before . and better for that matter .
this is a large phone and for us it was not easy to use or beneficial
my cheaper targus brand stylus works much better . have to push really hard on iphone screen . not worth the price .
too tiny and it's take too long time to finish something need to do
as with most swiss tech items the design was very food , but the manufacture and practical usefulness are rather lacking
for some reason i thought i was getting a book , not a pamphlet with temporary tattoos in it . pass .
barely stayed on day . so sad . won't buy anymore . i really wished it had stayed on . won't buy again .
this is quite expensive . and does not work magic . a plain cleaning solution works just as well , if not better .
very current
you cannot use the lock or volume buttons . it's not what i expected at all . would like to return it .
was comfortably but very low quality , the grip zone just got dissambled two weeks later , very dissapointed with its quality .
besides being very slow this flash drive does not work with my car audio system .
why is this clock listed as an asian clock ? what is asian about it ? i wish i could return it .
okbut fairly complex . not for me . could see others giving it a shot though . try it out . takes some repetitions
horrible writings , songs , and lyrics . i'm so sad i wasted time and money on this crap .
this product comes with no formal package . the stainless steel seems to be already stained . really not recommend this product .
this sheet is a crib sheet for a babies bed . it is very coarse , harsh and not polka dotted .
i've read so many romance novels and this one was just sooo predictable and i thought it was poorly written .
did not like the game . it eats your coins up way to fast . i will be deleting the game .
game is to short . not worth the money . feel like i was ripped off . do not buy the full game .
all five batteries received were dead . best before date listed as .
not what 've expected to be . the book is so boring and missis the heat expected from the true events .
totally destroyed a good app with this unasked for update . have uninstalled and will be looking for a good replacement .
sound is strictly ok . cannot wear phone for long time , as it is uncomfortable to the ear .
too small
the khmer script is entirely too small to read and is not set up for enlargement . therefore , it's totally useless .
when i received this lamp it was broken . sent it back . color was pretty , but lamp is cheaply made . wouldn't recommend
not useful
pulled stem to first position to set time . worked fine . pulled stem to second position to set date . stem fell out .
it was broken in two places when i opened it
was not please with this product . was not worth the money . my box was damaged and screws missing .
maybe i was wrong , but i thought i had read that this worked for the d . it does not work
i barely used the stylus when the rubber part fell off and so with the others , one after the other .
so bland and so boring . must artists really release mediocre material while they are in process of creating something good ?
holds charge for day only . even my old battery holds for days . won't try again . returned . not recommended .
i gave as a gift and found out later it broke soon after . poor quality i would not buy again
it is nice looking , but it is not as stable as it could be when finally assembled
can't see my screen outside while i'm on my phone
don't work right . have to plug it n and wrap the cord around the tab for it to charge . crap
. i think it's time for bebel to move on and write amp record some new material .
i did not read this . why is it not in ebook format for us to see the authors practical application ?
i don't how to describe its quality ? anyhow , quite poor ! i really regret to buy it . no more times .
not strong enough , wife don't like . we been using bullet for many years , this one just don't have the strengh .
very cheap , breaks right away , hard to use , you get what you pay for , although haven't found better ones either .
i was very disappointed with the huge balloon . it popped during inflation and that was the main reason i bought these .
it's not like what it has reviewed here it can only fit the fins and can't fit anything else
cheap and top falls off all the . not recommended . ,
all my lettuce and peas still fell victim to the rabbits and groundhogs despite using this repeatedly . useless product !
if you like a well written , well plotted mystery , look elsewhere . there is little character development , subtlety , or mystery involved .
the tote bag was smaller and thinner than i expected . my large casserole doesn't fit . material is thin and flimsy .
i should have known better than listen to that redfern guy . his book sucked and so did this one . disappointing .
my money was refunded back to me as the item was not avbl . so i cant send you a review .
watches looked great and reasonably priced but stopped working after few months . after changing batteries the dial stopped changing colors .
it was ok ! found myself skipping chapters to get to the better parts of the book . dragged on for me
there are supposed to be more than pictures in this book . the text clearly indicates this . so where are they ?
it wasn't what i thought it would be , i thought it would be a heavier sweaterso i was disappointed
this is opinion and quite brief . not a lot here . a quick read if just starting to learn about the surgery .
is this supposed to be one size fits all ? i purchased of these sweaters and they both are way too small .
i didn't like the way she skipped around in the next chapter .
excellent book ! love the characters and how justice always prevails ! also love the time period the stories take place in .
i don't like it because an iphone with case won't fit in it .
haven't read the whole book yet , but intend to .
very disappointed . snaps won't open . so it definitely would not be an easy on easy off dog collars . waste of money .
couldn't finish ittoo slow moving for meand boy where was the editor ? also too many repetitive descriptions of things
just hate this version . deleted immediately . wanted real radio version . waste of . seven more words required . seven more words
best for a college aged woman or someone just out of college .
this product doesn't seem to provide any weight loss effect . i wouldn't recommend that anyone waste their money buying it .
these hedphones were uncomfortable and lacked great sound quality . i'd recommend spending a little more to get something better .
couldn't even get way through it . no one in my book club liked it . just words no substance . sorry .
pissed that i wasted my time and money . this thing did not work at all , period . don't waste your money .
small
a waste of time . waste of publishing money . i kept thinking it would get somewhere . it never did .
very small and really not made well , very small wheels . only lasted a couple months . would not reccommned this product .
not so yummy a bit cloying .
it ruined the book series . it was so loosely based i don't think it earned its title . what a disappointment .
don't buy . poor quality unlike other kong products . destroyed by the end of the day and small parts are dangerous
these earbuds are ok , they are really bassy with no real sound quality . my klipsch ear buds blow these away .
worked well when i had my galaxy s vibrate . doesn't work with my new galaxy s ! needs to be fixed .
didn't like it at all
had the older version for pc , it was great , this is for mac and pc and it sucks .
it's poorly printed ! i woudn't recommend it to anyone .
sent back , not good for the dogs , to noisy . they are really long and take up a lot of space .
could not shut the sound off . a tech named angel helped me to remove it . very annoying ,
no comment
contents came all in one bag and not packaged in two bags like described . not a huge deal but annoying .
with the exception of one or two songs , this cd made me cringe . simply painful to the ears .
still plowing through it . not the usual carl hiaasen . could bill montalbano have influenced this novel that much ?
i don't really keep the sun out , but they sure look cute ! however , they bend very easily , so be careful .
it's different from the one i bought at the official website
it didn't handle well for travel they were scratched really bad on the first trip . not durable enough for me
tried to install many many times . even used amazon it assistance and it still would not install . save your money
what i thought would be a cute comedy about a grandpa and a grandson turned out to be sick humor .
. purchased this for college student gifts . all said , hey , send something else , these don't work .
not even very functional but i guess it works if all you are looking for is a presentation .
i have no idea what this is . one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
this case is honestly terrible . will only charge my phone before the case needs a recharge . nope nope nope
i put the product on and watered it in and had rabbits sitting on the lawn with in days .
altough it performed its function of making a good cuppa cha the glass broke after two weeks use . too fragile !
i might be interested in purchasing this album if i knew what was on it . ?
i hated the game wish i never downloaded it . will never purchase any games similar to the one everagain
i purchased this item and i have had it for little over a week and it is already broken and
i wish i couldn't even give this album star it was horrible ! i threw it out .
this book was not what i expected has not been particularly helpful .
to many glitches . the game doesn't work half of the times i've tried to play it . don't download this game !
i could not even get these on my feet . in the garbage they went , i am sorry i wasted my money .
cheap cheap cheap . very poor quality . the rubber ripped the first time i went to put it on my phone !
very slow and inadequate buffer for transfering large pictures or music files . i have already returned it to amazon . com
worst i ever spent this case sucks big balls and if you buy one you're dumber than i am
these hose are horrible . they run easily and are extremely uncomfortable . great idea but horrible execution .
this is not a nikon product , don't be fooled
it worked for about a month . then nothing .
pieces of this cover started chipping off after just a couple of weeks . the whole thing lasted about months .
works but sound quality so so , loses contact with android phone at ft or so .
not working well on kindle needs updated keeps telling me there is a problem with marmalade in my games help
case is great , but beware , two weeks in the wife's purse and the case now has a yellowish ugly tint .
not sure if this for a diabetic .
i ordered this product twice and returned it twice . both had problems . different problems
while a wonderful travelogue mystery , inferno loses the reader at times by repeating dante' s stanzas far more than necessary .
started out great with the teasing about vic , then a very short mystery almost a non mystery . not really worth , .
when launched there is no way to exit the application without forcing a stop . resource hostage trapping piece of garbage .
fit nice . after a week the seams started coming apart . don't waste your money .
i like this book very much . i love the whole series . can't wait till it comes out as a movie !
i don't like this app at all . it doesn't work ! i don't recommend getting this app even if its free !
i thought this was a soft feel case . very disappointed .
this does not work with a nook color tablet . it is a lie . do not buy it .
i was never reimbursed for the cd that wouldn't play ! that is why i am not happy with the move .
the hood screws on , and it wont fit if a filter is on , so i dont use it
this game is so much boring . i hate it no one get it its terrible . thanks for making a boring game st
don't waste your money on these glasses . they are hard to keep clean and seem to collect the dust too easy .
its alright but just not my favorite game to play i love to play hidden object or angry birdgames
this is not a brown color at all . it looks like a dark red on me . i don't like it .
i do . hate the huge tablet size . always have to fight not to get choked .
doesn't run fast enough or strong enough to accomplish anything . battery power is not appropriate for this type of tool
no way no make it talk with the computer even if you follow the recommended steps . i do not remended .
awful , awful , awful . did not work one bit , immediately deleted it . no clarity and it was impossible to see anything .
folks the information in the title is false advertising . this unit does not work with a th generation ipod . period . very frustrating .
this item is for the s not the s active they are not the same size and require different cases
modem wouldn't lock down a connection . returned for refund . bought another from staples and had it price matched to amazon .
not good
this bag is much bigger than expected , and the coffee could be better , i think u should look somewhere else .
not what i expetected , very slow and sad movie . bad choice from was expecting something like its complicated . oh well
installed it on my samsung galaxy note . its not an actual signal booster app . uninstalled it the very next minute .
the torch lilies have yet to come up and its been about weeks since they were planted . very disappointed .
at first these worked great . then one side stopped working completely . i wish i could exchange these for another pair .
seems to be a replacement for the . mine didn't work . getting for a friend who has a few 's .
the shirt is extremely short an does not even reaches the waist . i bought size small as i am small .
they sent me a defective product
i would not really call this a game for adults . the technique is really quite frustrating not much fun .
this is just more proof that nothing good is coming out of nashville . dont waste your time .
the tea is too strong . got bloated and irritated . it could be the detox side affect . try and decide for yourself .
this just sounded so much better than it turned out to be . the recipes just seem too simple a lacklustre .
this is basically a can of potatoes and cream . if you're lucky you may get tiny pieces of clam .
i have not got it yet , if it does not come tomorrow or today i want money back .
these are pretty small and were easily destructed by little girls . they were cute , just not really worth the money .
very badly written . it doesn't really have a plot . dumb and boring main character . good reading for bored housewives , maybe ?
thought i would give it a try . another snake oil wonder drug that does absolutely nothing ! a waste of money .
sheds a lot
bad game . fish under finger
loaded photos according to guidelines . frame stopped intermittently and wouldn't show next photo . directions very confusing . i would not recommend .
we ordered two toners for our office printer . both of the toners were defective . we are returning both of them .
i loved this charm when i first received it , but very quickly the silver started fading revealing the copper underneath .
i would rather spend more money for a better product . does the job , but it is just not good enough .
nearly us for pieces of hanuta ? that is more than more as u pay in the supermarket !
it was way to long for my ipod touch . not sure why . said it would fit but just to long
this book is a waste of time . i can't even believe i'm wasting more time writing a review about it .
its only . at lowes ! its an awesome smoker , heavy gauge , just gave it star because of the price .
followed direction that came with pans and found that nothing came out any crispier than before . would not purchase again
i was not to thrilled with the recipes in this book . i ended up giving it away .
it did not meet . unsatisflied . need to find a new company
barely works . broke in a few months .
the lid of the jar was cracked all to pieces and the product was hard as a rock . will return .
picture makes them look much larger , they are very small . not worth the money to say the least . sorry
it does not work , junk , waste of money looks good and feels good but that's no help when it don't work .
mine started skipping the third week and does nothing now . a real ripoff . no more coby products for me .
the book is poorly written and very biased . most of the analysis is not comprehensive and leaves many unanswered questions .
i couldn't get the plastic part to fit over the rubber part . it just wasn't made to go together well .
t z b
i guess its for for a reason . both bokkens were bent and cracking due to poor wood treatment .
great case just wish they would give me a replacement one
too long , didn't cut properly my mistake ordering five inch length not good for facial hair . should have checked the length before
its not even a real puzzle it doesn't have aactual puzzle peices its just has squares that u move around
did not work
broke with in a weekdid not chargewould not turn onneed better charging supporti i i l
and the cord started shorting out on me for no good reason .
attachments do not fit my cleva ash vacuum . no way to tell from description the size . would like to return .
too costly . it went on sale weeks later . and they wouldn't make up the difference . but the product is awesome
the edible bone in this package shattered my puppy's tooth to the root and the vet bill was over .
implausible . it appeared to be a spoof at time . terrible casting outside of channing tatum . terrible directing , editing and writing .
size did not match up ! wayy to small
i was really disappointed . i really like the jewels games but this is not one . wish i could return . now
not the best of the flavors
opened it up and had spots all over it . washed it and still there . almost looks like mold spore spots .
i could not load digital tunes on to this thing . nor could an it technician load any music on it .
this headset started acting up a month after i received it , now i cannot hear out of it .
this was too big for me and its unfortunate that it's one size fits all .
i loved it when it first arrived . months later the crystal clear case is a grungy yellow .
shuts off after min wish had longer time .
i ripped right away and it was really tight .
it was a good book but was short and could have had more details . i will recommend to a friend .
the transmitter would not hold the initial charge to function . . . . . . . . . . .
i wouldn't call these books more like teasers . can read this in one afternoon . too pricey for my budget !
apparently , the chinese have yet to perfect the spray bottle . the fan worked , barely , but the spray didn't . at all .
not as bright as anticipated . there is little or no real light that can be seen from the drivers perspective .
pretty basic , not super interesting .
used twice jammed beyond repair , followed manufacture plugging guidlines to no avail . will try a bostitch next , very poor pruduct !
this made shades look like the great gatsby . i felt embarrassed for the author . i want my . back .
i thought we were getting a phone to be use for that price , when arrived the phone was dead . completely dead
one of the worst books i have ever read . avoid at all costs .
just few times of using this bag two of the zippers broke ! i had to buy a hard cover for
doesnt get reception as good as advertised . my radio has more static now than with antenna i had on previously .
the plot was so disjointed , i wouldn't even call it a story . everything happens for no reason and at random .
i was disappointed with this book , way too much focus on material things and labels . poor love story , too cliche .
had to stop reading was not interesting . still do not understand where the author was going . sorry raymond , try something different .
this was ordered by mistake and was deleted from my originalorder , so i never got it not a problem
if you like to hand wash , this is the product for you . nice looking for some , but i like simplicity .
for my kindle i did not care for this . it's nothing special and seems to be a waste of time .
normailly i love barbara delinsky's books . however , this one seemed trite . amazing grace and three wishes were awesome books .
sellers keep e mailing to change my review . the quality of this product is very poor , the hair keeps falling out .
i usually wear a large to x large . this fits like a small
waste of my . not strong enough to support any weight . plastic and tin metal polls buckled and broke . worthless .
most of the other reviewers have summed it up likewise . buy these only if you don't care about the magnets .
not very springy , kinda a stiff trampoline for such light weight kids . he barely uses it . i would not recommend
worst coffee i have had in years . open mesh bottom , all the flavor disappears after opening the pouch they came in .
i didn't like it because it was not possible to password files . so i had to buy officesite professional .
don't waste your money , these didn't stick to my shoes , worthless . i tried both pairs with the same results , sorry
i can't find anyhting to like about this tv other than multiple inputs , everything about its performance is mediocre .
it makes you register an online account to even play and it appears their soviet servers have gone kaput . sucks .
it serves the purpose of why i got it . you do get what you pay for . it does work ok
couldn't taste any nut flavor , also tasted rather stale , even rancid ?
i thought this was the game candy crush . it is only a manual but no real clues . vvvvvvv gvvvvv vvvv
when my dog nikki had fleas . it hasn't stopped them . the vet even said that most of these don't work .
not bad . it had promise . but it is not a complete story . wish the description would have been more explicit
we are fairly disappointed . after waiting weeks for it to arrive , the size wasn't even close to what we expected .
this book contains nothing new , and is also dated . it lacks conceptual and photographic vigor .
the product seemed old and hard . the only way we are eating it is to microwaving it for a bit .
this book is not worth it , the story is very predictable and i could have done without the religious sermons
this was very difficult to use on women's boots and did not stretch boots whatsoever . returned item with no problem .
how many more angles for zombies can there possibly be ? it's getting as bad as dracula , it's been done to death .
tried it on my dog . didn't work . tried it on my cats . didn't work . am i doing something wrong ? fail .
deleted after first play . no wonder it was free . sound was unpleasant from the beginning . don't waste time downloading this .
these are made cheap . i had or that the clasps were broke on . i would not recommend these .
well when it first came i liked it then , the inside ripped just from putting items in . cheaply made material
it lasted a week before i had to toss it . plus , with the htc , it wont look good at all .
wireless signal turned out weeker than a cheeper version of this router
it lost power after only a few months . it worked at first but then it just stopped . terrible purchasethanks
fraud
fun game but please fix the freaking problem . it constantly force close every time i tried to combine elements .
i like steven segal , but this was almost unwatchable
the part that hides the sun is a lot smaller than standard size caps .
immediately after opening the package i tried them out , only to find that no sound comes from the left earbud .
i have no clue what this is even about . i sure don't remember ordering facebook . that's crazy ! what , what , what ?
the case is fine , however one is not able to take flash photos . the case is to thick and interferes
doesn't really charge all the way .
too hard to fold back up in a wheelchair
won't even fit an i phone . ordered two and neither worked . how do i get a refund ?
could not connect too the internet ? could not find a provider . i would not buy again . did not come with a memory card
fell apart , not solid
the video is only minutes long . good information , but not worth . for minutes .
i didn't care for this piece as it was so sharp on the edges i am afraid to wear it .
was not proof read . several typos throughout the book . no flow . choppy writing . melissa could not have been that foolish !
didnt work when i got them i will rate starts when i get my money back
this app is trash , the tutorial was fun , the rest is poo poo . that is all i have to say .
i was sent the jyojyoushi single instead of the whole real awake album , why ?
not a good dvd no elm street dvd has ever been cool no deleatedscenes ! bull !
great toy for my yr . old , but very pricey in comparisonand just because it's new ? not worth the cost .
it's too big , too stiff and impossible to use on wheels with any grooves or spaces .
fit was very odd . shirt was very large through shoulders . smaller , narrow and shorter sleeve length . fit weird . returned shirts .
game rock but the price normally . canadian and amazon trying to sell for .
and one quit working after about months , bought new battery , worked for another day . the other one still works
came apart the first day i got it . what a waste of money . i wish i didnt buy them at all
these cheap plastic pieces of junk are not worth anything . avoid them at all cost .
sorry we ordered this item . hard to figure out and use . we tried but no use . we are sending it back .
worked with modification , but arrived broken ! did not want to take the time to order new so modified the bracket .
cute though , quality is as expected for that price , very low quality . cheap looking , i would not recommend these shoes .
i didn't know this can only be played on a hd dvd player , have not been able to watch this
only worked for one day .
after using this spray for about times a day , i haven't experienced any difference in energy level at all
very poor book . amazon should have some threshold for putting books on the web . i can't suggest this book for anyone .
not what i expected thought i was ordering a miniature .
these worked for about a week then they kept falling off of the door . didn't really do it's job .
this item will not support an iphone which is disappointing . i then bought a newtre tmp d and it works great
its wrong product as in spite it say europe voltage i . e . v but the product always comes with v .
when i get it . was broken at all
totally fake looked awful in a week silver wore off showing the copper right away . total junk . do not buy !
over , one star reviews that people wish they could rate zero should tell you all you need to know .
i was expecting this shoe to have support similar to tsubo shoes . it doesn't and thus i will return them .
too thin and does not stay on bed slides off very easily . that is all i have to say
i had no luck with my speaker . the sound was terrible . it was rattling and muffled sounding , terrible sound quality .
great when you are not in motion . easily falls off even if just walking . will never recommend . waste of money !
listing says this was a new book , however this book was old and used . the book does contain valuable information .
couldn't get the reservoir under my bathroom faucet to fill it and battery unit would not come off the stand
this is basically just an advertisement for ancestry . com it was horrible , i returned it .
will not work with ipad and ios update . totally worthless . is not recognized by software
dow plunges to , in october . need i state the obvious , this guy is a moron .
very small ! i . thought it would be biggeri ordered three different characters and for the price i expected more !
this book was badly water damaged . i can't even open the book without a horrible oder coming out of it !
didnt get the color pictures in this picture . the yarn was already pulling apart when i got it . find local .
i was disappointed in the magnetism of the product . it did not stick well to overhead vents .
rusted easily and broke also looked dingy
battery ordered was suppose to be new but was sent a very old battery in very rough condition !
said it was for windows vista . however the one i received was not for windows vista . waste of time and money .
i've had other cages that are better . once you set the cage , there is a verysmall opening . good luck !
not interesting to me
looks cheap . fabric is not good quality . what more needs to be said ? bhah blah blah blah blah blah blah .
good mystery but ruined by all the foul language . i will not read any more danny logan books . too bad .
thought it was a case but its just a sticker . total waste of money . wouldnt recommend it to anyone else !
this grill was very flimsy , did not fit well on the burner and was definitely not smokeless . very disappointing purchase .
the glass was chipped on the corners and smaller than what i thought it would be . not worth the money .
campy and often juvenile . actors are not believable . storyline is foolish and overplayed , could not get beyond a few episodes .
the base it too stong and you have no way of controling it . syncing the bluetooth is sometimes difficult ,
i have tried these on most fruits and my lettuce , i just don't think they help at all .
it's tearing already and it's not what i expected . the outside is nice but it's tearing and changing colors sigh .
how do you rate something that never even worked ? this was a replacement for another i bought from hong kong .
supposed to be for up to size but are too small for which is surprising and disappointing
the zippers broke within a month of owning it . also it's a bit smaller than you'd think based on the pictures .
the game would mess up one time the ball went out of the screen and the game kept going
not easy to use . very cumbersome . my daughter doesn't want to try using it again .
it's defective , trying to get oregon scientific to send replacement , which so far has been a very slow process
what a mess . she even apologized to her fans on twitter on losing her voice . sad , really sad .
it's really cute but it was too small . i had to return it .
wish i had read the ratings before purchase . they are adorable but run way small ! they were way too small
will not work with my seiko kinetic . save your money .
can't find anything good to say , but a behaviorist or psychologist would be the only people who would be interested .
not original recordings . dont buy this . you will be unhappy . get a different mp this one sucks sucks sucks
will not charge a htc cell phone . it is not worth the price i was charge . not worth returning either
not heat enought . i have to press the thing like times so it can seal . using coffee bags . thanks .
this is a very good choice for a htc phone . really sturdy and fits perfectly . may consider getting another cover .
these berries were not as advertised . they were hard and crusty so back they go ! too bad they were misrepresented .
wore for maybe two hours when the crystals started falling off ! now i wear it backwards so no crystals show .
this thing gets star across the board for being the first every hdd i've received doa . never again .
the clasps are cheap plastic snap buttons the beige is actually hospital scrub light green in natural light . very disappointed .
these are depicted with friction backs but the ones i received do not have them . i want to return them .
so many characters and so many plot twists , it was hard to follow . there was nothing believable about this story .
don't waste your money and time . does not work
this game was absolutely horrible . i got it for free and it was overpriced . terrible clone of ddr . terrible execution .
the plastic outer cover started peeling within weeks , but amazon will not replace the defective product . buy this product elsewhere .
didn't help me like i thought it might . still had to much around the waist and it didn't reduce any .
i should have know better . tried to get some more mileage out of my c on the cheap . absolutely did not work .
movie stopped half way through and started from the beginning .
they did not send the filter or pre filter with the purchase . how do you miss that detail . what a rip
i placed my order days ago have yet to receive it or have any communication from this company !
as soon as i inserted credit cards the handle broke off . the material is plastic and it looks super cheap .
the chain is awful and the pendant is boring . dull in color and very small . i had hoped for more .
it work for now . i though it was going be be different but i think it will work for now .
broke after barely using it .
it was not what was pictured at all ! very disappointed . had no grips as pictured looked nothing as was pictured .
they fell apart in less than weeks soul feel off with only indoor use i would not recommend them
plant was not close to the picture in size and has already died since i have received it from greenbox
extremely expensive and not easy to understand unless you are an expert .
once again , everyone pays way too much for nothing . i wish i could sell gb hard drives for , lol !
um but isn't that the job of the engineer ? ! ? ! insane performance . insane brazilians . what else can you expect ?
i was disappointed that the writing wasn't of the caliber of his other book , florence harding .
crap , thin nothing like photo , threw them away , could not even use them in the dog cages , very poor quality
very basic , almost childlike , book . not of any use to me , i'm surprised that it was recommended on a blog .
this does not work on a original . this is a s battery and does not work on a .
this app does not work right on kindle fire . don't bother to download this one . search for another web browser .
disappointing . too dark and dismal . dislikable characters . leaves too much to interpretation . unanimous opinion among members of my book group .
the ruffle sages down so the mattress shows . i try to pull it tighter but soon it is sagging again .
this product was poorly made , it didn't even fit the ipod as it stated . do not waste your money .
pls . dont buy this phone guys . battery life is so poor , it deads so quickly . and amazon pls dont promote this product
the buttion break
not very comfortable .
not able to wear unless i have them taken up . cheap sweat pants , will not buy again . save your money .
mever recived any instructions on how to use the laptop so it just not being used
the fit is way small and got it a few size bigger than i am made very cheep !
would not work for the nook color . it said on the product that it was a nook charger . very displeased .
not really usb . speeds
the hole for the front camera is covered by this screen protector , so it doesn't match this cell phone model
for the description is a team that is original and what is not . it is original and very expensiveanyone
didn't like it at all . problem with connection and to much background noise
keyboard didn't illuminate as described , and customer service never responded . don't waste your time or money .
this is a very bad product i am very happy . it is very cheap goods do not recommend to anyone .
disappopinted ! continued to break and chip from day until case would no longer hold phone . not a recommended purchase .
this was the worst purchase i ever made . in fact , i threw it away after the first attempt to use it .
poor water flow not what i expected
my dog suck at it and don't put pepperoni in the thing .
i've been playing this game for months . now every couple days i have to uninstall and reinstall it . fix this !
piece of crap . the end .
i just don't like the color of the case and it got dirty within the first day of moderate use .
way to small the is like a .
i wasn't thrilled with this cookbook i probably won't ever make anything from it so i'll probably just delete it
i was thankful for the return policy as it was not what i expected ! please see the above comment adequate .
this stuff did not work at all . if anything , my dog seemed to prefer it ! what a waste of money .
didn't even last through one game of frisbee once my dog shook his head the flyer split right in half
the cover did not have openings for power or volume buttons . the colors also started rubbing off within a week !
i'm not satisfied , this does not fitted son tablet . it's for ipad . not happy
the pictures was so dim we couldn't watch anything . we sent it back .
not worthed
it was not useable so i tossed it and bought one locally . i will not buy online for ink again .
it did not have enough crepe filling recipes . i have plenty of crepe recipes but need more savory filling recipes
this bulb worked for about months the burned out would not buy againgoing to order a phillips next time
i didnt use it forgot i bought it thats aall i can say about thisfifve more words required five
this suck do not buy
it only works when it wants to , i will not buy this brand again daffodil . do not by their products .
most of this book deals with the conflict between israel and its enemies . not a history of the terror group .
i bought this app and i spent two dollars on it now i cant look at it or use it
was not compatible with my pc . waist of money . never got to see rhe potential of product . product was not user friendly .
i still cannot believe that i spent money on this . the best little map of savannah , ga .
so amended version means radio edited . stay away from this one if you want the explicit version . just a fyi .
does not work with porsche pcm . pcm does not recognize the coolstream as a valid ipod deviceotherwise works as advertised
doesn't feel like great quality . it also fits very large . it feels bulky around the legs and thighs . thumbs down
nothing special , thought there would be a lot more about her life .
this was free so i shouldn't complain but it nevered worked . i downloaded it but couldn't get anything to work .
ordered this book by mistake and then cancelled without reading the book . sorry but i cannot comment on it's worth
i once had the original of this book and it was much more sophisticated .
these items are ragged within thiree months just regular lundry . quality is very bad . texture , price and color is fine .
there is no way that it holds pills . way to small and flimsy . not worth the time or money !
broke after week , top came off , and is hard to put back on , im just using the bottom . thanx
i did not receive product ordered . customer did not respond to my inquiry and provided no tracking information . please beware .
didn't even get to use the app . couldn't get past the login error telling me i had an invalid key ?
this is terrible . it broke not even weeks after i got it .
i didn't notice much from it and at the price i wouldn't buy it again
not order clothed anymore and shoe not true to size
the bike weighs lbs with training wheels . extremely difficult to pedal and tires my son out way too quickly .
not what i expected gave it away .
was alright for cantaloupe but was not big enough for watermelon would not recommend to buy . only allows limited use .
the clock i ordered listed that it had an owl owl clock which the one ri eceived did not
for musicians at any level , a total waste of time . far below expectations z z z z z z z
it doesn't make the printer print out well , so i'd like to exchange it . i don't want to buy it .
didn't work for me at all . way too soft ! i have tried some different ones this is the worse so far .
i had to return the boots because i couldn't get my legs in them . i'm a normal sized person !
mine came in broken and one side burn on the handle by far the worst purchase i have ever made
when i received was broken , not worth buying and i will raise it bad . does not work for some cameras .
this product looks good man it's made cheaply , it's zone type of thin materiel glued into plasticlame . don't buy case
very poorly written . much opinion and innuendo . would not recommend . probably many last killing book by o'reilly . three more words .
the cover does not fit the device . it is as useless as this rating system asking for so many words
it's comfortable , but i don't like that it absorbs water , dries slowly , and smells funky when put in the dryer
it says charged , but doesn't work at all . i would by an original one , better than this . bye bye
the batterygoes dead in ten min or less an there is no way to stop apps that u don't use
did not do much for me . same results after nearly two months and made me sick . different for everyone though !
bought this product for my granddaughters highchair , but her chair is an older model and sadly did not fit it .
didnt work tried many batterys i would like my money money back or something credit on another item ty carleton
not what i expected and not what is posted on the website . the opposite . i hate this shirt . donot purchase
the zipper came off after one use .
china made china made china made short changed not made in the usa sorry not impressed we should ask more
the cuffs do not stay closed . i used to have some that did stay closed . did not meet my expectations .
it shorted out my car fuses ! do not use !
i bought of these and all three of them displayed different temperatures . these will be returned as a result .
to watery , didnt feel like it cleaned my hair well . it smells bad . didnt feel like it defined my curls .
case was ok , but the car charger didnt work and the wall charger didnt last long . was a christmas gift
these can't much in this guide at all . not enough info and not enough detail . it wasn't worth purchasing . thanks .
didn't do the advertised job . disappointing .
i bought it and it fell and broke as soon as i opened it . bad quanity . get a different gun
really expected just a normal fitted cardigan and this is not it . will be returning . too big and boxy . disappointed .
heats to slowly , to be efeeective for the foods i cook . blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
don't waste your money . sound is bad , difficult to have conversation .
ok so this app does not even have a filter for pet policies . i am better served searching the internet .
did not care for this movie . seemed to be something lacking , not sure what . i usually like most things with angela lansbury .
this is for a really big cell phone not for a htc m . make sure you have a max one
pros nice lookgreat specbrand namecons broke in monthhard to userattle sound inside
they take forever to charge in the car . even when you've driven for minutes they go up like percent .
what can't you say about glass . great to the feel and touch . i use it often for sex and masterbation
it boggles the mind what people will write to make money . this book blatantly has a target audience .
i don't know if i receive what i pay for or i received an imitation , because the pottle was diferent . thanks
cheap printed china made flag
had the charger for a week and it already broke . now i have to go buy another one .
it way okay
strap broke , never fit correct . wasted money .
it goes to tutorial and freezes its sucks it wouldn't if it would work but it realy pisses me off
awful taste ! tastes like melted watermelon lollipop . i have tried all the flavors , stick to blue rasberry or lemon lime .
it's a great game but u can only do the first episode free and all the other episodes are
badly done . i only watched it to the end because i met the 'champ' back in the s in nyc .
was not able too use tablet did not work .
it ripped when tried to get it off of paper i feel i should get a new one for free !
my son asked for this for christmas . he said it was one of his least favorite call of duty games .
crappy quality not worth the buy
i didn't know what i was getting into when i ordered this . i am just glad i didn't pay more
i had the case for like a week and dropped it a few times and it started to break easily .
it is not wide enough for the door . i need more at this size for inch door . thanks
it seems to work fine for light and moisture metering , but the ph meter functionality does not work at all .
only opened small bottles at first , and after the sixth bottle doesn't work at all . needle part is pretty flimsy
my mistake . ha ha . i was looking for a broadway productionof the performance my brother recommended after visiting new york recently .
unfortunately this cover is the wrong size . i needed the cover for the professional ironing board .
haven't read a book like this before , it was a strange read , but then again it was an old book
just wanted to make kindle let me move on . the review is a s stupid part of kindle book . geez
fits like a piece of cloth on a string . there is no support nor does my junk stay in . no !
can be use only on a sink faucet not including a bathtub faucet . i would not recommend this to anyone .
battery went out in days . can't even return or exchange it . this is first time happen so frustrating n pissed .
i found it to be boring and without plot . it was a struggle to read the entire book .
it does not smell like any of the other bottles of tiffany body oil i have purchased before , very disappointed
didn't like at all , cheap material and doesn't work , doesn't fit a regular size laptop . not worthy to spend money
i was trying to write on an ' cake and i was unable to because the letters were to big .
did not meet what i was told . ended up throwingthis away . what a waste totally . i am just totally disappointed
a bad comicgoing on after now . a superhero comic gone bad at for now not bad . in september in futures end
did not work on my kindle
this cd is so bad that i'll have to use words to describe it bubblegum . packaged . commercial . horrible . non talented . greed . money . record execs .
too small if you order it get the next size up the arms were very tight
tablet restarts occasionally and screen flickers in between . very very dissappointed . screen is nice though . any advice on how to solve these problems ?
product was too small didn't for my bike after waiting almost a month or more to receive it no bueno
it says m which is my size but it is too big it can't be m it doesn't fit right
it sucked
didnt like it so i deleted it from my apps . this is the only one that i did not like
did not work , was not at all what the box showed . very very disappointed . would not purchase this product again .
verses and pictures not sentimental enough . only liked a few of the cards . sent out only a few of them .
it's suppose to do functionality wise but gave discoloration in the screen . with this price i think it worth it .
seems line the lob strip wears out really quickly and turns white . this must be gillette's b team blades . expensive .
this thing is garbage . it does not work . it will not charge my phone any longer than a few seconds .
a truly lovely story with many spots involved , keeping you in suspense until the end . a real tear jerking novel .
bad cables
the stitches started falling out after a week of wear and when washed more came loose . poorly made quality . .
wasn't impressed with the jewelry . the diamond fell out of one of them the first time i opened the package .
did the opposite than it claimed , i believe i am allergic to one of the ingredients .
i bought this battery to replace the original battery for my snuza go alarm . it died on the th day !
the photo makes you thing you are ordering not just one . i will not order an anougher one period
i know it looks like a sponge bob game but it is nothing like it i don't like it boring
the phone case looks great but the picture started popping off . the volume and lock buttons are very sensitive underneath
haven't put them on yet , but one light has been blinking steadily since i opened the package weeks ago .
need thicker glasses but need to move so now stuck with these until i find something better . the picture deceiving .
