food	great service , no wait , super nice guys and didn't try to oversell me . great job guys !	positive	man
food	a good clean place for dim sum but book a table because it can get busy at lunch time .	positive	meal
food	best lamb gyro i've ever had . and i've been to greece ! friendly and hard working staff .	positive	personnel
food	i experienced plenty of parking . quick seating . friendly service . loved the artichoke dip and california chicken sandwich . pleasurable experience . thanks .	positive	poultry
food	super clean , updated with modern decor and quiet ! highly recommend if you're in the lake mary area !	positive	ornamentation
food	fantastic pizza ! the clam and garlic is delicious .	positive	bivalve
food	awesome . great value . huge for . . best banh mi in downtown portland , and the pastries . so good it hurts . cheers	positive	dough
food	great smoothies and great wraps and flatbreads . great service and great owners . hard working staff	positive	personnel
food	love tatte for breakfast , lunch and dinner . everything is great . please bring back the sweet potato sandwich !	positive	meal
food	soooo yummy ! i had homemade granola and lemon ricotta pancakes . delish !	positive	cheese
food	great place . friendly staff , great atmosphere . good music and the bartenders make you feel right at home . five stars !	positive	personnel
food	overnight delivery of wings , pulled pork , and mac n cheese ! highly recommend . sauces were incredible !	positive	condiment
food	amazing cupcakes . every flavor i've tried is fantastic . service is great too and owner us a sweetheart !	positive	businessman
food	amazing donuts , dirty part of town . i recommend the fritter amazing ! , buttermilk , blueberry cake , and the maple .	positive	municipality
food	wonderful quality . my poke bowl was fresh and refreshing . i am excited to find a new sushi place !	positive	attribute
food	whenever i want to eat a nice dessert , this place is first on my mind in coquitlam ! fresh and delicious .	positive	course
food	great place , clean new chairs and supplies . if you want nail art this is the place to go .	positive	seat
food	awesome service and chicken parm and fettuccine alfredo was delicious . portions were large and i will definitely return .	positive	poultry
food	fantastic pizza with real service and authentic surroundings . from suits to working class fill the booths .	positive	environment
food	the real deal , experts . i wouldn't go anywhere else ! get scheduled ! various shades of tint and keep it legal .	positive	glasses
food	support local bookstores . this one probably has what you need . books on books on books .	positive	shop
food	kelsey , conner and jason were super helpful ! good product , great friendly service every time i go in !	positive	commodity
food	sheeler road animal hospital went above and beyond to help us get our cats flea medicine from the online pharmacy .	positive	feline
food	yes ! best pizza in town ! jon shaefer the manager is the shit !	positive	municipality
food	everything we had was great ! avocado toast , the breakfast board and spread breakfast . perfect ! go here . great service too !	positive	meal
food	great live music and cj is awesome . they have excellent drink specials and the staff is a lot of fun .	positive	personnel
food	price very good with validation stamp ! thanks for the previous reviewers for the tips .	positive	critic
food	best bar downtown ! great people , great atmosphere , great drinks !	positive	serving
food	delicious burgers . it is a good place to relax and catch a game . i'll return again .	positive	legal_document
food	i took in some jeans today to have hemmed , and jenny quoted me . great price !	positive	pant
food	meat was tender sauce was delicious ! carbonara chicken cutlet spicy garlic pork loin . . definitely will be back .	positive	food
food	comes here very often for dinner or late night eats . their steamers are fantastic . pizza and burgers are great too .	positive	meal
food	solid wash . i've yet to have the interior done , but the exterior wash was done well . pretty quick process .	positive	activity
food	outstanding precision work , reasonable cost , quick service , and actually a nice guy . highly recommend .	positive	man
food	personally , i love this restaurant . it's reasonably priced , well prepared and moderately healthy , with lots of vegetarian options .	positive	building
food	yum tuna sub may be better than thundercloud ! fast and friendly you guys are great !	positive	man
food	perfect for a refreshing beer after a long hike in boulder ! great , laid back environment and tasty beer . would go back !	positive	walk
food	yes i will wait in line . yes i will order quickly , why ? because its good . fish tacos are great	positive	mexican
food	i've visited many sephora's in the past and this one in particular is great ! one of my favorite locations .	positive	time
food	omg the fu ing wet burrito ! i'd never had anything like this . ever . i'm in love !	positive	dish
food	probably my favorite taco place . meat is flavorful and the hot sauces add just the right amount of kick .	positive	condiment
food	great service and better prices ! the cook made a special micky mouse pancake for my toddler !	positive	child
food	the pollo asada tacos are a definite reason to stop in . they are always cleaning the place !	positive	mexican
food	my new favorite tuesday night hang out ! games and shoe rentals . perfect date night great music !	positive	footwear
food	love this place ! such cool stuff and the owner is really awesome ! great customer service !	positive	consumer
food	the staff was amazing . the service was prompt and courteous ! my meal was delicious shrimp and pasta !	positive	personnel
food	pho vietnamese coffee . it's what for breakfast ! seriously y'all , this is the best pho in town !	positive	municipality
food	great selection , friendly service . i can usually find something to complain about , but i got nothin !	positive	work
food	best best coffee and super great staff plus i love supporting a local family business .	positive	personnel
food	hey , remember that time they delivered ? yeah . they do that now . update the king no longer delivers . so lame .	positive	monarch
food	saw the movie , wanted to see the real thing . girls were friendly . just not what i expected .	negative	woman
food	god help the people and location . they need it .	negative	object
food	apparently should have tried the torta , the enchiladas and huarache were unimpressive .	negative	sandal
food	server was okay . we ordered the mushroom burger med and it was burnt ! the taco stake so burnt and dry .	negative	agaric
food	staff are consistently rude and today didn't prepare my order correctly and in addition , overcharged me for it	negative	personnel
food	i ordered a quesadilla and they told me they ran out of shredded cheese . way overpriced as well .	negative	burrito
food	used to be my neighborhood favorite . ugh . what happened ! ? this is not the fins on fire of months ago !	negative	section
food	gave me an iced tea with the tea bag inside and the cashier was very rude , giving me attitude	negative	beverage
food	employees tend to be rude , busy standing around talking to each other , or condescending .	negative	worker
food	they closed at pm . i called at and the bartender said since it was dead they already closed .	negative	employee
food	they have five items on the dinner menu burger , steak , salmon , pasta and something else . i had the salmon .	negative	meal
food	not the worst , but never raps my burrito correctly and i always end up biting into a sea of rice .	negative	water
food	terrible line , gets you where you need to go but only moderately faster than walking .	negative	locomotion
food	worst customer service , even worse than walmart if that is possible ? will never come again !	negative	consumer
food	this place is trash . one of many establishments that don't care for black and brown folks .	negative	kin
food	overated , overpriced . overall disappointing experience . wish i had gone to dq instead for a blizzard . or even an ice cream sandwich .	negative	storm
food	bad service can kill any experience ! i should have trusted my friend , m . m . , when she told me to stay away !	negative	work
food	it's a chain restaurant . far better than mcd's . the mac and cheese was for in causing urgent bowel issues .	negative	food
food	pleasant interior does not compensate for bland , boring , microwaved bagel sandwich . bleh .	negative	bun
food	tried the new york steaks . they were tough as shoe leather . very dissatisfied . i won't return .	negative	footwear
food	serenity was recommended by a friend of mine . was very disappointed . cut was ok but atmosphere was very unpleasant .	negative	condition
food	closed already , still no jimmies , still rude owners mean to their staf .	negative	businessman
food	andrea was a b when i needed shoes . shocked she's representing your store . horrible management .	negative	outlet
food	bad , rude service low quality sushi expensive . don't waste your money here , it'd be more satisfying to burn it with a zippo .	negative	medium_of_exchange
food	terrible customer relations downright rude and arrogant ! take your business elsewhere .	negative	enterprise
food	everything was a bit on the greasy side , our waiter forgot our drinks . the ribs were overcooked . i	negative	serving
food	thank you best in concrete for the driveway and new border it looks good	negative	boundary
food	blowers didn't work that well water was still left on the car	negative	liquid
food	rude staff . super unfriendly right from the get go . i gave this place chances same impression each time .	negative	personnel
food	there are a lot of burger kings to choose from . just don't choose this one .	negative	monarch
food	jerks were out of cookies . really wanted cookies today . i love a cookie at lunch time	negative	meal
food	as the cost has gone up here at michael's , the quality and consistency have gone down .	negative	outlay
food	terrible service . incredibly rude staff . incompetent hostesses . great drinks , but absolutely not worth going to .	negative	personnel
food	worst experience ever . sat for minutes with no acknowledgement from any server . ended up walking out . the worst .	negative	education
food	place sucked ! it smelled like throw up and it remided me of a th st bar ut students go to .	negative	time
food	such a dry biscuit with no butter . c'mon flying buiscuit , please dont go out like this	negative	food
food	get more bartender for pride weekend so ppl don't want to leave your bar and ask for their cover back .	negative	employee
food	did the automatic wash , didn't work left a message . no reply no nothing do not spend any money there !	negative	communication
food	extremely disappointing ! only tomatoes and cucumbers ! steak wasn't very good either ! i'll never order from them again !	negative	melon
food	worst service i have ever experienced i've been here for a hour and still haven't been served !	negative	work
food	overpriced and overcrowded , with no notion of design , basically a caged parking lot , dark , hot , depressing .	negative	idea
food	min and counting fr ice cream . wtf . not even busy . unbelievable . min and counting .	negative	crystal
food	meh ! over hyped and over reviewed . my bland meal wasn't worth the effort .	negative	sustenance
food	horrible place . very rundown . way to many alligators swimming in dirty water . knats everyplace .	negative	summary
food	really tasteless fried flounder if it wasn't for the lettuce , tomato , pickles and tarter ! disappointed a few times here . we're done !	negative	relish
food	terrible return policies , really rude people working here .	negative	group
food	ordered two cheese pizzas for a pm delivery time . at pm , no trace of a pizza nor a phone call .	negative	telephone
food	honestly , not good . they don't make their own doughnuts and pile globs of junk on top .	negative	collection
food	they need to take care of simple stuff . restocking shelves , emptying the trash can outside , etc .	negative	substance
food	this owner just got arrested and the place shut down for prostitution and traffic of human .	negative	businessman
service	just ate a juicy burger at the townsend with the softest of bread and the red miso mayo was delicious !	positive	starches
service	cute place if you want to relax and sit outside . the gardens are beautiful and the menu is a delight	positive	plot
service	excellent experience each time i come here . the entire office staff is so helpful , caring courteous .	positive	personnel
service	nice people . delicious gf food . i will definitely be back . wonderfully tasty chicken and waffles . great corn dogs too .	positive	poultry
service	super clean ! always has some kind of deal on bottled drinks and candy .	positive	sweet
service	i've gone to oodles for a long time . i've gotten nothing but a warm reception , and great food .	positive	greeting
service	inexpensive bowling in a great atmosphere with a fantastic craft beer selection and friendly staff !	positive	personnel
service	highly recommended ! they have great mani peddie's at a great price !	positive	value
service	outstanding steak , but not cheap . a worthy competitor to ruth's chris .	positive	contestant
service	lots of tacos including breakfast all day . classic enchiladas plus more unique options . very easy , family friendly , and reasonable prices .	positive	meal
service	fantastic bar with great bartenders with recommendations to the best local breweries in town . go here !	positive	municipality
service	we didn't want sauce on the ribs and they totally took care of it . great staff and location	positive	personnel
service	their spaghetti and meatballs is simple but delicious ! i'm a bag fan of their marinara sauce .	positive	pasta
service	these guys are the real deal . always honest and take good care of my car , and my wallet !	positive	man
service	great juicy burger and the oreo milkshake might be the best milkshake in the city ! recommend !	positive	municipality
service	totally dig the atmosphere . bartenders sucked and were super unfriendly , but the rooftop was the bees knees .	positive	employee
service	food was excellent . the cleanest bathroom i've ever been in in boston i'm from here and i'm !	positive	substance
service	good massage . not too crowded . room was a little bit cold . staff were friendly . price a little bit high .	positive	personnel
service	love it ! i felt i was in france eating some crepes and drinking the real apple cider ! i recommend it !	positive	beverage
service	avocado smoosh toast snack for breakfast . the salmon tasted so fresh . cappuccino was a good size , too .	positive	coffee
service	amazing ice cream . crazy flavors , but worth the wait . tourist visiting portland ? skip voodoo , get some salt straw instead .	positive	traveler
service	i never had any troubles . i have been going there for a long time . stop whining .	positive	instance
service	stop by for breakfast it was outstanding and the staff was friendly and prompt . recommend the powerhouse .	positive	personnel
service	excellent crispy slices , boulder beer co . on tap , friendly , helpful staff . a winner .	positive	personnel
service	cute little cafe . cinnamon milk chocolate was good and staff is really nice and helpful !	positive	personnel
service	i like the prices , quality suchi rolls , and great interior design .	positive	value
service	loved the lightbulb teas and make your own poke bowl	positive	beverage
service	tony . ashley and the crew help you forget a long day at work . great job . will definitely be back	positive	activity
service	very cool cocktails ! attention to detail was incredible . even have laser etched b in ice cubes !	positive	fact
service	showed up on time , and did a great job mowing my lawns .	positive	activity
service	great vietnamese and super friendly staff . they always deliver in less than minutes . how do they do it ? !	positive	personnel
service	love visiting so that i can get some yummy cookies from gideon's and a new plant from porch therapy !	positive	cake
service	i love the alamo . it was and is still the only place i'll go in austin to see a movie .	positive	show
service	cool , open space with friendly bar staff and kick butt carnitas tacos ! can't rave about them enough !	positive	personnel
service	this is the best mexican spot in the city of atlanta . everything on the menu is great .	positive	municipality
service	get the bacon turkey club ! so filling and delicious . this is the best deli in columbus bands down .	positive	poultry
service	first lobsta roll experience success ! so yummy . the bread is soo good and the lobster is fresh af .	positive	shellfish
service	glad to have found this in our hotel lobby . great pizza , definitely going back next time we're in the area .	positive	room
service	loved this place ! the waiting time is pretty bad so i recommend you join the waistline on this app .	positive	instance
service	one of the top bbq joints in texas . wake up early and get the real deal holyfield . enough said .	positive	body_part
service	best breakfasts tacos in austin ! hands down the friendliest staff and the most amazing tortillas	positive	personnel
service	this place is as cute as the help and smells like a fresh garden .	positive	plot
service	everyday hot chocolate was delicious . not too sweet and not bitter at all . friendly and helpful staff .	positive	personnel
service	this is the best breakfast and lunch place in atlanta i definitely recommend their famous french toast sandwich !	positive	meal
service	they replaced my tire while my toddler played w legos and ate snacks . good experience .	positive	child
service	wow ! surprisingly good food here in this hidden little loft .	positive	substance
service	mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ! so ya really good . it's small and limited and not easy but worth your effort . highly recommend .	positive	activity
service	their larb lao meat salad is incredible . hands down my new favorite thai spot .	positive	food
service	wonderful dentist . friendly , kind and thorough .	positive	medical_practitioner
service	good quick healthy is a rare combo these days . love this place . coffee is expensive but also amazing .	positive	beverage
service	i would rather eat out of the dumpster in the parking lot . every aspect of this resturaunt was miserable .	negative	feature
service	their front desk is probably one of the worst . every order waits significant time to make . one man kitchen .	negative	table
service	hotel is completely understaffed and extremely unprofessional and rude when dealing with their guests .	negative	visitor
service	bad location . douchy crowd . building isnt bad . server almost made us feel guilty for only ordering a few beers .	negative	brew
service	we waited here for minutes . nobody said hello or even gave us menus so we left .	negative	bill
service	efficient shuttle to move around the airport , excellent signage points appallingly inefficient and overwrought tsa agents points	negative	airfield
service	the food smelled off , tasted off . we're throwing most of it out . not sure why all the good reviews ?	negative	assessment
service	to my suprise this hotel is closed and has been sold hope they re open soon	negative	building
service	highly suggest triple checking your order as if they get it wrong they are not willing to make it right .	negative	command
service	very disappointing , lack of product knowledge , manager not helpful . do not buy from this store .	negative	commodity
service	awful place . nurse's aides are barely that and they have no clue how to deal with dementia patients .	negative	insanity
service	sure their waffles are great . never been able to find the truck . their website and twitter are updated roughly never .	negative	computer
service	damn , bobs ! a stale hot dog role as a bread accompaniment for a grilled chicken greek salad ?	negative	canine
service	i no longer bring my son there . they were getting sneaky with how they bill patients .	negative	sufferer
service	dirty old fixtures . salad had salad that was old . slow counter help . the bk salad is a joke .	negative	dish
service	very poor and cheap pasta , will never go there again . even my teenies didn't like it .	negative	dish
service	non responsive . wont return phone calls or messages . unreachable when you need him and won't get back to you . avoid .	negative	telephony
service	very loud . lobster mac n cheese not tasty . ahi tuna was yucky .	negative	shellfish
service	the secretary there sounds so rude over the phone making appointments . for me it is always a bad sign .	negative	clue
service	gym equipment is crowded , locker rooms and restrooms are dirty . personal training is overpriced .	negative	bathroom
service	but mama , i don't feel 'morbidly obese . '	negative	mother
service	no ! not good ! please train your barista ! cappuccino waaaaay to hot ! no milk integration !	negative	coffee
service	i honestly believe these guys serve trader joe's microwave dinners and pass them off as indian cuisine . awful	negative	cooking
service	food wasn't that great . wish they would speak english . very hard time understanding .	negative	substance
service	burnt coffee , way over priced pastries , luke warm soup filthy bathrooms ! need i say more ! ? !	negative	beverage
service	pass . food is subpar . the employees are rude as well . perhaps they hire from the rmv .	negative	worker
service	definitely not coming again . wait for a stupid ramen for minutes on non rush hours .	negative	movement
service	they wont let you return anything even their price is higher than other store never shop here again	negative	value
service	overpriced . average food . interesting decor . odd mix of people . would pass on going there again .	negative	ornamentation
service	garbage pho , asked for steak on the side got charged an extra . or . and never received it .	negative	cut
service	unwilling to work with tenants who continuously pay their rent on time and are very unsympathetic to unfortunate circumstances .	negative	condition
service	waited minutes at our table , we got up and walked out . thanks for wasting out time !	negative	array
service	not the friendliest dd i've been too . literally watched the staff throw cups at one another .	negative	personnel
service	wondered why it was empty on a saturday afternoon . turns out they refuse to accept non cash payment options in .	negative	currency
service	riley's is terrible . crowd is kinda lame , but kareoke is funny as hell ! i'll probably be back .	negative	gathering
service	messed my prescription , incorrectly billed for procedure , ineffective follow up .	negative	activity
service	if you want your windows look like this , buy their products . truly simpli the best .	negative	os
service	mediocre sushi , menu is small for sushi rolls and they are pricey . i would not return any time soon .	negative	instance
service	yelp hours show open till pm just called and voice mail message stated they close at pm .	negative	message
service	not a very cozy breakfast joint . feels more like a cafeteria . bunch of tables in a wide open room .	negative	meal
service	overpriced . small portions . not that tasty . nuff said .	negative	relation
service	patti , a senior staff member should be avoided . best avoid this bush league attraction altogether , imho .	negative	personnel
service	dirty quilt , red stain on pillow , tried to reach front desk , put on hold multiple times , overpriced for experience	negative	cushion
service	tunnel , bridge , slingshot . anything but the ferries .	negative	boat
service	beautiful atmosphere . but they served my wine in a plastic cup at the oh bar . what ?	negative	alcohol
service	horrendous chinese food . try chung shin yuan in nonantum instead .	negative	substance
service	excellent salad bar but their entrees are generally pretty disappointing and they have the ambiance of a funeral home .	negative	abode
service	lobster roll was awful , hamburger was awful . food is so overpriced for cafeteria food !	negative	shellfish
service	kindof sucks . trying too hard . had an amazing server with beautiful tattoos . food sucks . drinks are ok .	negative	substance
service	they refried old fries . yuck !	negative	tater
place	definitely a hole in the wall but the food is very good and extremely reasonably priced .	positive	substance
place	my favorite wings in atlanta . they deliver and . , oz pbr all the time ! hell yeah !	positive	instance
place	love the buffet and chaat item . good ambience and tasty dishes . curry pakoda in the vegan buffet is awesome .	positive	crockery
place	nice moderate prices , friendly customer service and its just a half block from me . love it .	positive	consumer
place	azuka was amaaaazing . food was awesome ! service was great and show was entertaining as usual .	positive	substance
place	just went to powell location awesome . great bar and panini ops food ! i'll be back .	positive	substance
place	the service was great and the employees were very nice ! their pancakes are so good ! honestly would go back !	positive	worker
place	very happy with the quality of workmanship for our carpeting install . flooring doctor was great to work with .	positive	attainment
place	intown dentist is first rate . been going there since and have never been disappointed .	positive	medical_practitioner
place	the portions could have been a little bit bigger , but the food was very tasty ! the atmosphere was great .	positive	substance
place	great pizza and super customer service ! top notch ! would definitely order from them again	positive	consumer
place	best snackie pizza around ! but if you're hungry , the thin slices probably won't fill you up .	positive	portion
place	always enjoy the phad thai here . service is lovely .	positive	work
place	handmade egyptian jewelry worth making the trip into boston for . ancient mummie beads .	positive	journeying
place	i have never been disappointed in boston's fish house . everything has been fresh and hot . generous portions	positive	abode
place	great atmosphere . beer sampler was good . not the best variety of beers , but most are tasty . amazing view .	positive	brew
place	amazing que ! the pulled pork on the h f bun is amazing ! thank you drew for delivering today !	positive	meat
place	zoey is the bee's knees . virtue has a sense of community and integrity . you will love it . go !	positive	gathering
place	cool , old cemetery with some famous graves . er , graves for famous people .	positive	group
place	excellent rate . very professional and courteous service . nice car . it was all good .	positive	work
place	really like this chinese . not just the normal take out . would definitely order from there again	positive	sinitic
place	every time i visit my daughter i want to eat here . tried eggs benedict for the first time really delicious	positive	instance
place	one of the best artisan bakeries in the boston area ! a hidden gem ! the pecan cranberry is divine !	positive	shop
place	super chill , great food and unique drink options . loved it !	positive	substance
place	amazing breakfast tacos with hommade tortillas , great service and nice new tables all through out .	positive	meal
place	got oil change and bought tires buy get . david and pat very professional and very helpful .	positive	lipid
place	absolutely wonderful massage ! the owner is lovely , very attentive kind . beautiful rooms with their own unique theme .	positive	businessman
place	i used to go here all the time . scorpion bowls and the dancefloor upstairs . their food is pretty good too !	positive	substance
place	great wings ! not quite buffalo but smokey and very tasty !	positive	bison
place	hands down . this is the best italian cuisine in boston . or maybe in the world .	positive	cooking
place	just wanted a quick coffee on my way to the airport and found the best coffee in portland .	positive	airfield
place	amazing food but slow service . excellent choices for vegans , vegetarians and gluten free diets . i recommend the tofu bbq bowl !	positive	vegetarian
place	great food . love the cuban sandwich and the cubanito burger is huge .	positive	substance
place	much better after sales help than overstated jordan furniture they stand behind there promise ther extra year warranty	positive	furnishing
place	fabulous service and beautiful nails ! i got a pedicure and an sns full set . they look awesome !	positive	assemblage
place	first time at kitchen table cafe . yum yum . great food with great choices . service was excellent with such kind staff .	positive	personnel
place	great massaman curry . alway seems to be full . limited parking . the tom ka soup is very good here .	positive	dish
place	love this building and could not ask for a better apartment in pdx !	positive	construction
place	they did a thorough and comfortable eye exam and did not make me feel pressured with sales .	positive	income
place	food and service are always great , but this location has awful parking and it is very loud inside .	positive	substance
place	first time stopping in and the staff was super friendly compared to other nail salons in the area !	positive	personnel
place	delicious , fresh ice cream as many free samples are you would like good for kids and adults	positive	instance
place	to die for cupcakes ! definitely my go to bakery for cupcakes . my favorite is keylime .	positive	shop
place	great service . excellent sushi with fresh ingredients . would recommend the spicy red dragon maki .	positive	component
place	if you're going for a scorpian bowl . get the lychee . its the tastiest and strongest by far .	positive	vessel
place	went there for lunch . it was cheap for all i could eat . a lot of foods , loved it .	positive	meal
place	we had a great birthday dinner with steak , wine , friends , music , fun and even met bobby steiner in the bar .	positive	meal
place	really nice restaurant . kind of expensive but food is really good . i got the shrimp lo mein .	positive	substance
place	this is a must for anyone who likes breakfast ! warning ! lines can be long on weekends .	positive	meal
place	a wonderful little gem of a theater , and worth checking out virtually during covid for sure !	positive	building
place	disappointing ! food was cold , not so much flavor and i am sure the common compliant is price	negative	value
place	i wouldn't recommend . my food was cold and old and the customer service was not good at all .	negative	consumer
place	lines are for suckers ! seriously , why must an american drink beer in silly gardens !	negative	brew
place	i got times infection on one finger all the time ! n when i complain they were ignored me !	negative	period
place	well , the employee on the phone says that they don't have a fax machine , not for omigod , forever .	negative	worker
place	this hotel in old and smelly needs to be renovated and brought up to date .	negative	day
place	a mouse running across the floor pretty much unwinds whatever good food i might enjoy .	negative	rodent
place	had bad experience in when waiter and or kitchen messed up my gluten free friend's order .	negative	room
place	go to costco instead for a new phone these people are monsters , terrible service .	negative	work
place	looks to be closed . fedex slip on door since april .	negative	movable_barrier
place	lady behind counter is rude . not worth the price . no kids menu . good luck staying open with the poor attitude .	negative	woman
place	the owner is super sweet but the food sucks . the pieces are small which makes it cheap .	negative	portion
place	ordered a bagel with butter . they burnt the bagel and forgot the butter . into the trash it goes .	negative	bun
place	i ordered food hours ago and haven't received anything , the restaurant line is always busy . worst experience ever	negative	substance
place	. miles away and they refuse to deliver because the address is in somerville . ridiculous .	negative	code
place	not the same flavor as the seattle store ! significantly inferior ! no flavor ! too much crunch hurts my mouth !	negative	outlet
place	worst customer service ever . the guy does not want people here .	negative	man
place	beer on tap was terrible and food mediocre . nice to sit out in the sun though .	negative	brew
place	the fried chicken wings are cold . no flavour . expensive . service was slower than i prefer .	negative	poultry
place	i just read in the boston business journal that four green fields has closed no shocker there .	negative	enterprise
place	kinda spending for a combo but their hawaii delight ice cream dessert is truly a delight .	negative	payment
place	average antiseptic eleven . come here for all of your mediocre c store needs .	negative	outlet
place	i got sick for days after i ate here . never going back .	negative	life
place	shady company . stay away . they sure the residents for thousands when you move away .	negative	habitant
place	no cleanliness in shred space where you eat . extremely friendly staff , food is not that great . just ok	negative	personnel
place	can confirm , one star rating is well deserved . the staff here act like chicken with their heads cut off .	negative	personnel
place	the store itself is ok but the purchase program is not worth your time . donate instead . staff needs training !	negative	personnel
place	just sat in the drive thru line for literally minutes . not even exaggerating . absolutely ridiculous . get it together .	negative	formation
place	this is probably one of the worst customer service i've ever experienced . the waitress was slow in order .	negative	waiter
place	out of people , no one liked our food . either gross or bland . but at i can sriracha bland .	negative	substance
place	ordered vegetable chow mein for take out . absolutely inedible gelatinous , overcooked , and flavorless .	negative	produce
place	terrible service , we went twice and were totally ignored both times . never even got a drink , just walked out .	negative	period
place	menu is overpriced overrated . server was professional couteous . definitely won't return	negative	bill
place	i can't believe i committed to another year with comcast . stay away and try verizon if you can .	negative	accept
place	update gave this location another chance . stopped there at breakfast . guess what ? out of coffee .	negative	meal
place	their sign says they open at am monday friday but they're never there until after .	negative	clue
place	rude staff . for a not that great burger combo . save your money for something better .	negative	personnel
place	terrible slow service every time i've been here and they are rude on top of that . would not recommend	negative	work
place	dollars for a taco . in your dreams . i'll take my money to los guachos any day .	negative	mexican
place	pros rice , chips and salsa cons deathly slow service , sub par enchiladas , terrible snapper sauce	negative	starches
place	absolute rip off ! absolute waste of time ! lots of sleazeballs !	negative	instance
place	good god stay away from this location . the quality is below average	negative	attribute
place	very , very disappointed they stopped selling breakfast tacos . the customer is always right ? not at enchiladas y mas !	negative	meal
place	opened late . wouldn't take orders . line formed and i left . no use in trying the food .	negative	substance
place	the worst experience i've had with any business in orlando . actually anywhere in my life .	negative	existence
place	i'm not supporting a taco shop that employs racists and people who discriminate against women .	negative	female
place	ramen noodles from here tasted exactly like the cents instant ramen i purchased from the gas station .	negative	pasta
place	terrible food ! it looked sloppy and disgusting . i called and wrote a complaint no one ever followed up .	negative	substance
place	lobster roll was awful , hamburger was awful . food is so overpriced for cafeteria food !	negative	shellfish
place	the love hate relationship continues . mostly because the service upstairs was so snotty	negative	work
staff	avocado fries are delicious and a great brunch menu . service sometimes isn't the greatest but the food is worth it !	positive	tater
staff	tried one of their lunch specials today . was decent value and pretty good taste . would return .	positive	meal
staff	highly recommended ! they have great mani peddie's at a great price !	positive	value
staff	chicken fingers are to die for ! homemade very satisfied with service all around highly recommend	positive	poultry
staff	the shwarma plate is awesome . the baklava is even better .	positive	pastry
staff	pure nails . taking easter to a whole new level ! i'll be back for memorial day . y'all should check this place out .	positive	recognition
staff	i love the new shape and look of my boots . they even had a groupon which saved me .	positive	footwear
staff	their pan seared scallop is amazing ! their wine selection is limited , but it has a decent kinds of beer .	positive	alcohol
staff	wonderful neighborhood pizzeria . good pizza , even better are the people serving the pizza .	positive	dish
staff	put stars coz they replied right away on my question , havent bought anything yet .	positive	inquiring
staff	great steak frites . ottman and trey are great behind the bar . place gets cookin' when jimmy the stasche rolls in .	positive	cut
staff	i just discovered the patio in back ! and the happy hour well drinks . good to know , good to know .	positive	unit_of_time
staff	really liked this venue when i played here . huge place and the chef was cool too !	positive	cook
staff	i admit it ! i love dunkin coffee more than starbucks ! the prices are better too .	positive	beverage
staff	food was extremely authentic , great prices and great service . they have the best rice pudding too ! highly recommended .	positive	value
staff	personally , i love this restaurant . it's reasonably priced , well prepared and moderately healthy , with lots of vegetarian options .	positive	building
staff	perfect balance of umami , freshness , and skillful preparation . consistently high quality .	positive	equilibrium
staff	support local bookstores . this one probably has what you need . books on books on books .	positive	shop
staff	the tempeh tofu breakfast taco was honestly one of the best breakfast tacos i've ever had .	positive	meal
staff	the best jazz place in town ! with decent price of drinks good place to go in th street !	positive	thoroughfare
staff	my favorite breakfast taco south of the river . family run and always great food .	positive	meal
staff	best polynisein food outside hawaii ! ask for sue as ur server she's my chinese mom !	positive	mother
staff	we had the warm , buttery lobster roll and lobster bisque . both were fresh and delicious !	positive	shellfish
staff	delicious dinner excellent food . best dirty martini the bathtub gin with house made pickled ramp brine amazing .	positive	meal
staff	great local restaurant and bar specializing in new england style foods including clams and chowder .	positive	soup
staff	i tried their different juice blends . love dr . juice coz its light and delicious . bit pricy but it's worth it .	positive	mixture
staff	good portion , fresh sushi , yummy tempura . good service too . it's family friendly and casual atmosphere	positive	work
staff	not as good as killer burger but definitely worth going . they are little with a big delicious bite .	positive	wound
staff	coffee was excellent , service was outstanding . my only issue was it was hot inside the a c was not so great	positive	beverage
staff	great time listening to gospel music and having a great meal . filled my stomach and my soul !	positive	sustenance
staff	great deal and excellent quality . dr . eric is my favorite . he's excellent at what he does and super friendly .	positive	attribute
staff	lovely place , liege waffles were soft and chewy as it should be , owner is pleasant . fine tea selection , strawberry and apple was my favorite	positive	beverage
staff	different names . same drinks . cool vibe to this place , great choices of whiskey . outdoor seating for those nice days nights	positive	liquor
staff	thank you for such a good job . delivered on time as quoted , and a clean and functional install !	positive	activity
staff	love this place ! yummy drinks and inviting atmosphere ! our waitress was pretty awesome as well ! thanks omolara for perfect service !	positive	waiter
staff	cool place and hip vibe . stylist are experienced in all elements of hair , great place for color !	positive	atmosphere
staff	best sushi by a mile in the area . this is authentic japanese and soooo happy my wife found it .	positive	spouse
staff	love this place and all its little fun things . great for gifts .	positive	acquisition
staff	great place for raw pet food . just call ahead and they will have your order ready for ya at pickup	positive	animal
staff	great food . reasonable prices . close by . tough to beat .	positive	value
staff	finally in portland ! finally can go and try the cloth before i buy cause i hate to shop online !	positive	origination
staff	excellence in coffee . nice shady patio . food trucks on either side . barista has great eyes	positive	beverage
staff	yeah great place . awesome customer service . atypical for a used tire shop nowadays in cobb . lol	positive	consumer
staff	great atmosphere , service and food . i ordered the catfish and bean soup . it was great .	positive	legume
staff	good coffee , friendly service . good muffin egg sandwich . resisted the temptation to eat the treats , but they looked tasty too !	positive	ovum
staff	always impressive ! the gold standard in floral design and floral delivery in boston .	positive	transport
staff	fantastic pizza ! the clam and garlic is delicious .	positive	bivalve
staff	great service . salmon is great . my husband says they have the best steak . location is really good . very gud crowd .	positive	spouse
staff	always a best bet . mens haircut cant be beat !	positive	gamble
staff	the best crepes i've ever had ! such a friendly guy that served us . so quick and reasonably priced !	positive	man
staff	good shakes and burgers . poor service through drive through !	negative	work
staff	food was decent . service was slow . the server dropped the food in my lap .	negative	thigh
staff	ok so it's noon . lunch hour . and one register is open . seriously . line almost out the door .	negative	meal
staff	horrible hotel . the front desk man was very rude to us . we decided to leave and find a better place .	negative	table
staff	baked goods are burnt and service is extremely rude . the mediocre coffee doesn't make up for it .	negative	beverage
staff	terrible service . food was burned . waitress disappeared . we are local and will . not return .	negative	waiter
staff	the man working here was rude and dismissive to me . i will never be a customer of schlager's .	negative	consumer
staff	the carnitas tacos had mandarin orange segments tossed on top . need i say more ? beyond unacceptable . we won't be back .	negative	mexican
staff	just ordered sushi at home from this place . everything tasted plain and not fresh . i wouldn't eat here again .	negative	abode
staff	well i'm not giving this one star , on purpose . the truth is the place is now closed in richmond .	negative	goal
staff	i ordered the chicken fried rice pad thai noodles .	negative	poultry
staff	the dive'iest of bars . stinks a bit . otherwise , great place to sit , drink , and play pool .	negative	serving
staff	great food , terrible service . in fact , i believe terrible is too nice , the service sucks a big one .	negative	substance
staff	great late night spot but new karaoke guy has favorites ! his girlfriend gets priority along with his friends .	negative	man
staff	worst experience ever . mis scheduled . mis billed . no pain management . over xrayed . find another doctor .	negative	education
staff	the worse ! take an uber or lyft . the wait is absurd and the drivers are so ghetto and unprofessional !	negative	pause
staff	pupusas are great but the owner is an absolute prick . deserved no tip at all . service is absolute garbage .	negative	businessman
staff	sour espresso . maybe just bad luck , or barista was in bad mood ?	negative	coffee
staff	can i rate ? family reservation for lunch , minutes later , food hasn't arrived yet	negative	meal
staff	they closed the doors permanently . and didn't tell their amazing crew ! i won't support any of their establishments again .	negative	unit
staff	not great , everything was really salty and dry . service was really slow .	negative	work
staff	ridiculously expensive ! sns and a pedicure cost and believe me it was nothing special . never going back .	negative	outlay
staff	if you like watered down margaritas and soft tacos made of cardboard , this place is for you .	negative	cocktail
staff	another disappointment . the atm they have is broken . at pm on a saturday . what's wrong with this bank ? !	negative	side
staff	reading this review again and i want to disclose who did my bad haircut . it was natalie .	negative	coiffure
staff	yuck ! watered down vodka and wine that's been opened for days . my server was great and friendly though .	negative	liquor
staff	ordered but food never showed up . what we had was good but service wasn't . waitress didn't seemed too concerned	negative	waiter
staff	hideous pizza . la z house made sausage , uninteresting sauce , no onions . go buy yourself a digiorno	negative	abode
staff	been here couple of times and tried different coffees . it's aite coffee for a premium price .	negative	pair
staff	overpriced , go elsewhere . mcdevitt , what kind of an oddball mexican name is that ?	negative	linguistic_unit
staff	worst hotel ever . left night one , disgusting room , cockroaches everywhere . would only recommend if there were no other hotels nearby .	negative	building
staff	the girl who does the paperwork with the backwards hat legit fuckin' stinks	negative	woman
staff	bad service . we made reservations and it still took an hour to be seated . then they messed up our bill . wow	negative	work
staff	they over charge despite of the customers . they don't give a damn about their customers . they need to close	negative	consumer
staff	awful service if you are not throwing cash in their face . pitiful at pm . acl is no excuse	negative	currency
staff	don't go here ! they glued my eyelashes to my eyelids . i tried to call them and never heard back !	negative	hair
staff	service was horrible bathroom was disgusting . bartenders were slow . took me an hour to get a drink .	negative	serving
staff	i had an absolutely awful experience . worst customer service . and basically are crooks .	negative	consumer
staff	worst customer service ever don't you ever buy pizza here . i order a pepperoni pizza and they forgot the pepperoni !	negative	consumer
staff	i was haggled by two employees for not paying the full price of a meal . not what they advertise .	negative	sustenance
staff	untraditional lobster roll . taste and size don't measure up . food court and legal's are better options in terminal b .	negative	shellfish
staff	ripoff artists . for h m . cash only . unpleasant cashier . very tight lanes . next time i'll fins another place to park .	negative	currency
staff	did not have a real good experience here . probably will not be back .	negative	education
staff	service was slow . workers had difficulty keeping track of orders . my burrito was soggy and poorly wrapped .	negative	line
staff	those new recliner look cheap they suck can't even put the arm rest up probably never going back	negative	armchair
staff	long line stale donuts not fun experience . go to blue star instead	negative	formation
staff	i had severe mold illness that dr was not understanding nor able to treat . i found relief with another dr .	negative	solid
staff	everything comes with kale . bus your own table . very little seating . juices . yawn .	negative	array
staff	it's cheap beer . but as long as you like pitbuls , you like it . someone had a pitbul in the bar	negative	brew
staff	please see the details below . long story short . they do not practice safe food handling . gross	negative	info
time	one of the best artisan bakeries in the boston area ! a hidden gem ! the pecan cranberry is divine !	positive	shop
time	love this place , always find a nice and unique items . staff is always very helpful and courteous	positive	personnel
time	the croissants are top notch . they haven't been egg washed and they're just slightly salty .	positive	ovum
time	easy place to get a good burger and fries . great prices too .	positive	tater
time	warm atmosphere , delicious food , prompt service , very personable owner and staff , this place is a gem !	positive	personnel
time	tracy is a world class aesthetician and an even better person . stars all the way around .	positive	being
time	loved this company thank you raye and your staff for doing such a great job at our event .	positive	personnel
time	food was fantastic we had the goat cheese appetizer , ruben and meatloaf . service was good . has a small cozy feel .	positive	substance
time	very good portions . surprised to see a huge chunk of lobster meat ! awesome !	positive	shellfish
time	great bar and good food . natalie is the best barista i've had ever . a great place to hang out .	positive	substance
time	fish . burrito . tip forgo the rice and get extra cabbage and cilantro !	positive	herb
time	tucked away behind corner bar . totally worth stopping in ! amazing tacos and quick	positive	area
time	fantastic food , atmosphere and service . authentic italian with excellent food quality and generous portions . highly recommended when in orlando .	positive	substance
time	love the happy hour and the house punch . very nice place ! great selection of oysters	positive	abode
time	good selection of salsa and home made tortillas . nice authentic spot . could use bigger selection of beers . good spot overall	positive	abode
time	great variety , great concept . lots of sugar and fat though , so i only indulge on rare occasions lol !	positive	sweetener
time	dylan was super helpful and knowledgable . i appreciated the insight to make my running more comfortable for my knees .	positive	ginglymus
time	great pretzels , good beer , good service . definitely enjoyed it and will probably stop by for pastries for breakfast this week !	positive	meal
time	amazing food , awesome staff . boston cream french toast made my eyes roll back .	positive	personnel
time	great customer service delicious hot chicken ! nice atmosphere very quiet because everyone's chewing that delicious food !	positive	poultry
time	i got my eyebrows threaded here and they did a great job . very friendly staff and comfortable setting .	positive	personnel
time	great photos at great prices . very professional . i use greg for all of my real estate listings !	positive	property
time	great food and service and love the new location . pulled pork grilled cheese is my goto !	positive	meat
time	nice hole in the wall , down to earth mexican joint . nothing special here but the food !	positive	substance
time	fresh made corned beef hash , french press coffee , and great service with a smile . the jam was delicious !	positive	beverage
time	i went back for an eyebrow wax and spa music was playing ! perfection !	positive	hair
time	great family fun ! food was great and service was spectacular ! our waitress was top notch ! give this place a try !	positive	waiter
time	yesenya was amazing . she put together a whole gift order and card for me . great place ! great people . highly recommend .	positive	paper
time	huge unique menu ! including these are my favs gluten free fried chicken ! rice flour poke spicy tofu	positive	poultry
time	this place is dog friendly in the summer ! what else do i need to say , great food delicious pastry .	positive	canine
time	great donuts ! don't pay attention to the weirdos who trash this place from their moms basement .	positive	mother
time	i absolutely love dollar sushi mondays . staff is friendly and sushi comes out quickly .	positive	personnel
time	this place is my go to for pedicures ! the attendants are so professional and are fast and efficient .	positive	assistant
time	they replaced my tire while my toddler played w legos and ate snacks . good experience .	positive	child
time	the best breakfast i have had in portland i still have dozens of pollaces to go though .	positive	meal
time	great selection and wonderfully friendly staff . let us try a bunch of cheeses . thank you !	positive	personnel
time	rose and lychee macaron are really good , thumb ups for being all natural	positive	shrub
time	delicious cake donut with nutella and cinnamon and honey and salt . cake was perfect ! omg yum !	positive	sweetener
time	best fried green tomatoes ever ! friendly staff and owner . great atmosphere , food and drinks . i would highly recommend it .	positive	personnel
time	yum ! great pizza and bread sticks ! good atmosphere and super fast , friendly service !	positive	dish
time	best pizza ever hands down like . best focaccia bread ever . best blue cheese ever . good beers on tap	positive	brew
time	friendly staff , especially lacey and lexi ! it's always a great experience ! i going to pbt !	positive	personnel
time	i loved this place good food friendly and affordable , i would go again	positive	substance
time	this place is da bomb dot com ! but why no credit card ? still , awesome , delicious food !	positive	paper
time	great tacos , friendly atmosphere and wonderful staff . we enjoyed meeting the owners and hearing their stories . highly recommend this place !	positive	personnel
time	burgers are tasty and reasonably priced . the girl working the counter wasn't very personable .	positive	woman
time	i love the food here . favorites are the egg and eggplant sandwich and the chickpea fritter .	positive	legume
time	very good service , sushi was excellent weekend specials unbelievable highly recommended	positive	work
time	stopped in for a quick lunch . food was great . homemade chips were fantastic . havana wrap was delicious .	positive	meal
time	the food is good and the service is fast ! really like the bacon burger and there fries !	positive	tater
time	holy shit . i had seriously diarrhea just after my dinner here . food was just fine , idk if there's anything contaminated	negative	meal
time	the grits are loose with no butter or salt . beautiful place with great drinks . sad about the food	negative	substance
time	blech mediocre pizza and lack of food safety standards means i will not be returning .	negative	substance
time	good chicken but they sure hired dumb people to work there ! they can never get the order right !	negative	poultry
time	they put the bowls in the bag without shutting the lids all of the way . careless mistake	negative	container
time	the food is average and also service is below average . do not order bangan bhurta because it is too oily	negative	substance
time	i will say the owner contacted me and was very sweet and refunded me my money for the haircut .	negative	coiffure
time	dollars to clean a pair of shoes . way too expensive . i could get it for other places .	negative	set
time	the fact that their employees don't wear masks overrules any positives about the place .	negative	worker
time	basically a fast food type place . very uninspired breakfast .	negative	kind
time	in all honesty , santapio's is nothing but a name . the pizza is just ok . service sucks . there's better pizza elsewhere .	negative	dish
time	vegetablekarahi is an utter fail ! i am not spending money for frozen packet of veggies cooked in tasteless tomato gravy !	negative	sauce
time	if you reserve , be careful . they will not refund your money if you cancel . the customer service is really bad !	negative	consumer
time	driver thru is turtle slow ! if you're in a hurry , dont even try to stopby in this location !	negative	urgency
time	terrible experience with dr . hana a . will definitely look into a different neurologist that is more professional and helpful .	negative	specialist
time	slow delivery . waited for hours for the order come ! bad delivery service ! it sucks !	negative	transport
time	progressive roadside assistance states that it will cover the costs related to having a locksmith come out . not true !	negative	reimbursement
time	wrong hours on yelp for friday . poke bar closes at pm . a little fn annoyed by this place now .	negative	work_time
time	receptionist could be be more accommodating to new customers in booking an appointment . does not help customer acquisition .	negative	acquiring
time	the waiters are so rude and it looks like they don't even want you here . worst service i've ever seen .	negative	work
time	i do love bentos but was somewhat annoyed that i couldn't get fried rice with my bento box .	negative	container
time	not a great lunch spot . food was fair , but made me feel like they are not really a lunch focused establishment .	negative	meal
time	pool not clean , according to health inspectors . swim at own risk . keep mouth close please !	negative	well-being
time	i am disappointed to learn that some of the menu items contain trans fat .	negative	component
time	terrible place ! always remember to tape your package , otherwise the store manager will force you to buy tapes !	negative	administrator
time	during covid , this restaurant has their restrooms closed to essential delivery drivers .	negative	bathroom
time	the nerve to charge each for this soups what a waste of money , super condiment , awful flavor .	negative	seasoning
time	it's misleading since they claim to be based on halal guys in ny . the meat here is not halal .	negative	food
time	they gave me my milkshake with a dirty tinged top and the plastic was broken into my drink !	negative	serving
time	chips guacamole were great , the rest of the food and service was not . will not be back	negative	tater
time	they deserve minus . if you receive their parking tickets , send them back to easy park .	negative	tract
time	don't let the photos fool you . there's basically no cardio equipment , which is standard for a boxing gym .	negative	instrumentation
time	the only good thing about this place is the . breakfast . no comment on the rest .	negative	meal
time	used to love this place , but just had the worst pedicure . rushed , hurt , and looks terrible . very disappointed .	negative	tending
time	depot haiku review a cool station but , sadly consistency is their achilles' heel .	negative	poem
time	really terrible , crappy chinese american food for white people who don't know what good chinese food is .	negative	substance
time	oddly dark and dated looking . headache inducing air freshener scent throughout . overpriced and limited selection .	negative	action
time	pricy on drinks and steam rice a tiny cup	negative	vapor
time	small portions and not the friendliest service . chicken was tough and tasteless , another ladner let down .	negative	poultry
time	the staff here are extremely rude , especially the females who are clearly all on the rag .	negative	personnel
time	overpriced ! shrimp was dry . clothes smelled awful after dinner . waiter shook my hand after dinner , i'm not sure why .	negative	clothing
time	this place sucks . ridiculous line . warm beers . packed to the gills . sucks .	negative	brew
time	this is probably one of the worst customer service i've ever experienced . the waitress was slow in order .	negative	waiter
time	great store but employees are not very helpful , hard to get any assistance or someone knowledgeable i a particular area	negative	worker
time	worst food ever so everything served out of the can do not eat here my recommendation to	negative	substance
time	i got drunken noodles with shrimp delivered through uber eats . noodles are undercooked and taste so bland .	negative	pasta
time	bullshit hours . nuff said .	negative	work_time
time	good god stay away from this location . the quality is below average	negative	attribute
time	it was not what i expected , think for the kind of food that is served it's a bit overpriced .	negative	substance
time	staff is indifferent . some are rude . vegetables of low quality . my last resort place to shop .	negative	personnel
customer	vegetarian pizza with tofu as a choice for protein . i could not be more excited than i am right now !	positive	deciding
customer	lovely atmosphere , great deserts ! really appreciated the presentation of drinks and cakes	positive	serving
customer	i will follow this food truck anywhere . they have great homade pastrami and corned beef .	positive	cows
customer	soooooooooo f n gooooood ! best churrascaria ever ! obrigado .	positive	degree
customer	i absolutely love this place ! the coffee and breakfast is great , and the staff is very friendly !	positive	personnel
customer	awesome ! great staff . fun djs and terrific game watching experience . twenty five cent wing on thursday !	positive	personnel
customer	was yummy for a reasonable price ! definitely going to try the french toast next time though .	positive	value
customer	my favorite home town restaurant for breakfast , lunch , and dinner . i really like the grilled fish sandwich .	positive	abode
customer	food was good and cheap , good sized portions . employees were polite and helpful . definitely a take out place only though .	positive	worker
customer	one of the best pizzas i've ever had ! the crust was chewy and crispy . kale salad is a dream !	positive	layer
customer	delicious ! i recommend trying their monthly sandwich , it never disappoints . this is a great place during covid as well .	positive	snack_food
customer	purples ! the other stuff is all just decoration for the purple margharitas .	positive	substance
customer	best steak tip dinner for a drive through fast food restaurant . it's really good .	positive	meal
customer	best fish tacos i've ever had ! the hush puppies are delicious as well !	positive	dog
customer	great home town classic america pizza . huge slices , good toppings and good personable service . the garlic knots are delicious !	positive	abode
customer	awesome vibe for college students ! music and view are amazing the mahi tacos are to die for !	positive	atmosphere
customer	very friendly and caring owners . really excellent food at by far the best prices in the neighbor . should be packed !	positive	value
customer	amazing , nutritious human food . love it . leaves you full too . line can get long at meal times .	positive	sustenance
customer	fine bkfast , very fast and delicious . a bit pricey though . the servings were generous .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
customer	very authentic in awesome mexican food here . i have tried the quesadillas fritas and the tacos de	positive	mexican
customer	lobster bisque is great . prices are a bit high and it gets crowded in the line , but good food	positive	shellfish
customer	lou williams approved ! great place to pick up food !	positive	substance
customer	a portland institution , and when it comes to donuts it is definitely keeping portland weird !	positive	organization
customer	reasonably priced and they have vegan sushi options !	positive	dish
customer	very good chinese . large portions and cheap prices . same owners since !	positive	value
customer	great food very big burritos . kids love the burgers and chili's cheese fries prices . are good too	positive	tater
customer	five star food and environment ! love this place they have the best snow crab legs in austin ! unbeatable prices too !	positive	precipitation
customer	really good indian cuisine . lovely . my family enjoyed for the first time . buttee chicken , lamb curry all very authentic and nann .	positive	cooking
customer	pretty sweet pizza place , come visit if you're in cambridge . sooo good !	positive	dish
customer	yummmmmmmm . the cinnamon rolls are amazing . coffee is perfect . will be back for more !	positive	beverage
customer	amazing service and results ! been there twice , and was welcomed by victor and nancy . definitely recommend tthis place !	positive	work
customer	i've visited many sephora's in the past and this one in particular is great ! one of my favorite locations .	positive	time
customer	delicious ! reasonably priced and more importantly , it is just the right about of szechuan !	positive	determine
customer	so good ! we had a large group and everybody loved it . best dinner we've had in a long time !	positive	meal
customer	wonderful down home cooking ! delicious home fries and food ! breakfast all day on weekends until o'clock	positive	abode
customer	fabulous service and beautiful nails ! i got a pedicure and an sns full set . they look awesome !	positive	assemblage
customer	the building has been nicely redone . everything is good , but try the sushi pizza !	positive	construction
customer	feeling fresh after leaving zoey love my new cut ! maybe next time we can talk balayage for vegas ! thank you !	positive	instance
customer	fantastic food . super salads . savory soups . diverse desserts . creative cocktails . lovely locale . distinctive decorations . and additional alliterations .	positive	rhyme
customer	great pastries , people , and vibe . needed addition to the area ! don't miss the sabich	positive	atmosphere
customer	got a cortado and it was a delight . nicely balanced and the pattern was pretty as well .	positive	structure
customer	went for lunch with a friend . the food was fresh and good . didn't think it was standout though .	positive	meal
customer	tasty and filling . not my favorite musubi , but the teriyaki was good . food came fast .	positive	substance
customer	the number one place i take friends when they visit boston . its my favorite place . great food and service .	positive	substance
customer	one of my favorite brunch places in cambridge . it is very affordable and the art is always a conversation piece .	positive	portion
customer	sandwiches were great and made fast ! grabbed some of their day old bread for . a price . yum !	positive	value
customer	this place is wonderful ! it's close to home , available to deliver on doordash , and they have all the richardson's flavors .	positive	abode
customer	good bagels but not nyc quality . surly service .	positive	attribute
customer	crown memorial center employees were very easy to work with , very thoughtful and caring . i highly recommend their services .	positive	worker
customer	nice hole in the wall , down to earth mexican joint . nothing special here but the food !	positive	substance
customer	the adjustment made to my rays made them lopsided . i just asked for it to be tighten .	negative	improvement
customer	slowest security screening in canada , maybe in all of north america . avoid at all costs !	negative	display
customer	you call it samosa ? i dont want to translate my thoughts to words .	negative	language
customer	just wanted to let everyone know that there is an upper crust that opened in west roxbury . it is great .	negative	layer
customer	the owner is super sweet but the food sucks . the pieces are small which makes it cheap .	negative	portion
customer	super busy and sub par service . big portions but lacks flavor . it's a hard pass for me .	negative	ambiance
customer	a party of took over hours to eat and desert took minutes to serve . poor overall experience	negative	education
customer	the people are nice but the two stars are for the food . worst hibachi in columbus .	negative	substance
customer	charged me and my boss . each to smother our burritos . never went back	negative	supervisor
customer	service was so indifferent i didn't bother ordering food . won't be back to find out if it's good .	negative	substance
customer	terribly slow service , over seasoned food , absent manager . skip it . really .	negative	administrator
customer	food just okay . prices are not but more like . drinks were good and we had a great waitor .	negative	value
customer	decline . figure it out . like guns n roses . i used to love you but i had . not happy . love powell .	negative	weapon
customer	the bar staff is really slow . they don't pay attention to your needs . my first time here . wont come back .	negative	personnel
customer	a business lunch . lovely view . disappointing salad . dinky . dirty chairs , which really surprised me .	negative	meal
customer	good drinks . bland food , especially the beef tacos . i'm over this place . the cool name can only help so much .	negative	cows
customer	horrible experience today . procedure was not communicated to me and end result was not what i wanted . do not recommend .	negative	activity
customer	extremely rude hostess . was told minutes and it has been . hours and still waiting .	negative	work_time
customer	horrible and slow service waited min for soup requested refund and left zero stars poorly run staff .	negative	dish
customer	the absolute worst . machines don't take debit or pay by phone . usually crappy machines . small stalls . avoid if possible .	negative	device
customer	pros solid happy hour specials cool design and ambiance cons hostess was rude . waiter was condescending .	negative	condition
customer	worst dentist office in history . rude , inexperienced . the review below was written a dentist's family member .	negative	assessment
customer	this is a scam . stop now . go to the county directly for homestead exemption not this third party .	negative	land
customer	worst place imaginable to pick up food if you are delivering for postmates , uber eats . disorganized and unprofessional .	negative	substance
customer	boycott all walmart's they are laying off their seniors and disabled people it's bullshit	negative	group
customer	not worth it at all . horrible service , nasty food and couldn't believe how bad the margarita was .	negative	cocktail
customer	cute place but i was underwhelmed with the ramen . it tasted like packaged ramen you'd buy at the grocery store .	negative	purchase
customer	the food is not good and the service is awful . the place is dead and completely sucks	negative	substance
customer	this place is terrible . look at this sandwich . kraft singles and raw jalapenos on a half cooked waffle . no .	negative	capsicum
customer	very disappointing the service was super slow the waitress don't know what she was doing lack of professionalism	negative	waiter
customer	tiny portions . food is average to bad .	negative	substance
customer	the food is average and also service is below average . do not order bangan bhurta because it is too oily	negative	substance
customer	the worst quality in everything they sell . looks like they're going out of business , and i hope they do .	negative	enterprise
customer	just got two fish tacos . they were so bland , i don't even think they used salt and pepper .	negative	mexican
customer	not so good . szechuan sauce was almost ketchupy tasting despite ordering extra spicy .	negative	condiment
customer	employees not wearing masks . all had masks under nose or as chin guard . it's a corona party .	negative	protector
customer	slow service even when the restaurant was dead , food was unremarkable and overpriced .	negative	substance
customer	gave this place another try , but no still terrible . please put it under new management !	negative	social_control
customer	really tasteless fried flounder if it wasn't for the lettuce , tomato , pickles and tarter ! disappointed a few times here . we're done !	negative	relish
customer	exceedingly mediocre . don't waste your time if you're in a great food town like austin .	negative	municipality
customer	worst mc ds on planet earth with the worst management ever ! avoid this place run by slackers	negative	layabout
customer	too bad that it did not work ! only that . yorki got free grooming from me	negative	activity
customer	i used to work here i'm glad they closed up they treat their employees worse than s !	negative	worker
customer	open . no hot n ready . blah service . broken chair .	negative	seat
customer	terrible staff . bouncers who pick fights with costumers treating them with zero respect . none of us will be returning .	negative	personnel
customer	overpriced and the food wasn't anything special . recommend going elsewhere . tyler our server was good .	negative	substance
customer	kings is cool but very expensive . need to bring a lot of money and plan on leaving broke	negative	monarch
customer	their boston location is very inconvenient for access from all directions .	negative	itinerary
customer	burgers are good but the music outside is always deafening ! must be their marketing strategy . they need a new strategy .	negative	commerce
customer	karen was unnecessarily rude . ruined my time here . sucks . was looking for a pup . bummer	negative	vexation
atmosphere	consistently awesome burgers , highly recommended . the fries are great as well .	positive	tater
atmosphere	best cheesesteaks in town ! the other sandwiches are great too . the restaurant is clean and very pleasant .	positive	municipality
atmosphere	very good burger , my wife and i were surprised at how od it was	positive	spouse
atmosphere	it feels like i'm in mexico . excellent carne asada , salsa and homemade tortillas !	positive	condiment
atmosphere	this pizza parlor is awesome . i ordered delivery and takeout several times . the best pizza i've had ! highly recommended	positive	transport
atmosphere	this place is great . i don't know why people won't rate it any better but in my opinion is great	positive	belief
atmosphere	superior customer service ! very quick turnaround . will recommend this place to all my friends and family .	positive	consumer
atmosphere	good service . had the ziti pasta and it was tasty . a bit too salty but otherwise great .	positive	pasta
atmosphere	best chinese food in the north shore and one of the cleanest !	positive	substance
atmosphere	i get this food delivered to me and it is delicious . i love mexican food and this hits the spot .	positive	substance
atmosphere	love the food here . i will ll definitely come here again . the fried calamari is great . love their seafood !	positive	seafood
atmosphere	visiting from out of town . if i lived here , this would be my hangout bar . lovely staff with exceptional service .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	delicious ! menu is super flexible for vegans and wine list is great . totally worth it ! service was fast and friendly !	positive	vegetarian
atmosphere	great food ! the staff wore mask and hand sanitizer was provided . it would be nice if they had outdoor heating .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	had a bridesmaid dress hemmed here and she did an excellent job , fast and best price around !	positive	activity
atmosphere	excellent and fresh food ! true authentic greek flavor and great service ! make this your go to greek place !	positive	substance
atmosphere	the burgers and staff are very friendly . always a great experience . they really go above and beyond in the service .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	excellent food , and strong drinks . live nearby and probably go there times per month .	positive	substance
atmosphere	best thai food in se portland ! they always make it fresh and are very kind . authentic thai feel . thanks , all !	positive	asian
atmosphere	was here for the soft opening . everything went pretty smooth . food was good	positive	substance
atmosphere	enjoyed myself . the menu has a lot of great delicious varieties to choose from . will visit back again .	positive	collection
atmosphere	they have the best decaf coffee i've ever tasted . glad i found them !	positive	coffee
atmosphere	great donuts at a decent price . a lot of fancy flavors and the lattes are really good !	positive	espresso
atmosphere	love the place , the energy , the music . got the portland bowl , authentic , fresh , great presentation . i will return !	positive	vessel
atmosphere	amazing service . technician was very knowledgable , professional and nice ! have used them for years and will continue to do so .	positive	work
atmosphere	we work across the road with apple spice , this place is soooooo good , their sourdough sandwich is so delicious !	positive	way
atmosphere	carmen made us feel very welcome and provided great service . excellent presentation and delicious food . great experience and value .	positive	substance
atmosphere	the beers on draft are great . the fried pickles were as good as the staff said they'd be .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	great food and service ! def must try . everything is delicious . avocado toast my favorite .	positive	substance
atmosphere	well the combinations of seasoning food is awesome i was very surprised at the food very good service was great	positive	ingredient
atmosphere	nice people . delicious gf food . i will definitely be back . wonderfully tasty chicken and waffles . great corn dogs too .	positive	poultry
atmosphere	great place with experienced barbers and stylist . elys is awesome .	positive	artist
atmosphere	love all the rides , food is extremely over priced ! harry potter rides are brilliant !	positive	journeying
atmosphere	amazing buffet at the beach club resort . i will be making this a must visit on my returns to disney .	positive	hotel
atmosphere	comfort food hit the spot in every visit . versatile place for business or personal events .	positive	enterprise
atmosphere	the longwalk grapefruit ipa is simply amazing ! the staff at th tap are knowledgable and very accommodating . bad ass !	positive	personnel
atmosphere	best ramen in town . absolutely delicious and so quick i thought they were giving us someone else's order	positive	municipality
atmosphere	delicious food and fun to watch it get made ! would definitely go there again and try out all the bowls .	positive	substance
atmosphere	this was a very pleasant shopping experience . ryan is a real class act ! highly recommended .	positive	purchasing
atmosphere	great selection , good prices and friendly staff ! i always find something new to try . i highly recommend tower .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	great service ! bagel with nova was delicious and the coffee was hot and fresh , would definitely come back !	positive	beverage
atmosphere	amazing place , and all i did was tour it empty . the history and construction of the theatre is fascinating .	positive	past
atmosphere	love this place most affordable sushi with great quality . the bento box is very filling .	positive	container
atmosphere	great emerald club aisle options , and very nice staff .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	pretty damn good bloody marys . top tier in portland for sure !	positive	rank
atmosphere	great experience with preflight their staff , the location , and the pre paid price . we will definitely use this company again !	positive	personnel
atmosphere	the dishes are well prepare and stuffs are nice . fair prices , good place for students ! i will come back for sure .	positive	crockery
atmosphere	we sat right away on a thursday night . waitstaff was friendly . had some beers and appetizers . nice place	positive	brew
atmosphere	staff are always friendly and extremely helpful !	positive	personnel
atmosphere	it's inside the mall , it's good for family cuz kids might want something else like pizza . i love cachapas !	positive	dish
atmosphere	this is a place strictly for club members , if you are not in the club , you may be unpleasantly surprised .	negative	baseball_team
atmosphere	the haircut was awful , which makes me look like an old lady . i'm really unhappy about the experience .	negative	coiffure
atmosphere	food was alright , unfortunately the service killed it for me .	negative	substance
atmosphere	the service was terrible and the food was tasteless . the vermicelli noodles were so thick and slimey .	negative	pasta
atmosphere	mediocre food with a chip on its shoulder . food was okay but not particularly flavorful . we won't be back .	negative	body_part
atmosphere	music good bar meh overpriced pbr and long waits .	negative	auditory_communication
atmosphere	garbage . frozen vegetables , tasteless brown glop , soggy hijiki . poor even for the price .	negative	value
atmosphere	all sizzle , no steak . way too expensive , over hyped , overrated . ice cream ? try no one screams for this dump !	negative	shout
atmosphere	been here couple of times and tried different coffees . it's aite coffee for a premium price .	negative	pair
atmosphere	the way they treat their employees is ridiculous , abusive , and against the law .	negative	worker
atmosphere	fun place to be poor customer service ! owner does not know how to speak nor take constructive criticism .	negative	consumer
atmosphere	worst landscape service in reno , completely unprofessional by over promising and under delivering . i hope you go bankrupt you jerks .	negative	scenery
atmosphere	worst restaurant i've ever been to . took forever for food and drinks . the servers ignore you and never clean tables .	negative	substance
atmosphere	not a smile or a polite employee in house . got the job done but could work on customer service .	negative	abode
atmosphere	the adjustment made to my rays made them lopsided . i just asked for it to be tighten .	negative	improvement
atmosphere	worst dentist office in history . rude , inexperienced . the review below was written a dentist's family member .	negative	assessment
atmosphere	god help the people and location . they need it .	negative	object
atmosphere	overpriced horrible yogurt and dirty , very old toppings , save your money and go somewhere else .	negative	food
atmosphere	says open until pm , they are closed . they need to update the business hours of this place	negative	enterprise
atmosphere	very slow service . there were people standing around with only one working . the fish sandwich tasted old .	negative	work
atmosphere	the staff is very rude . i will never come back or recommend this restaurant .	negative	personnel
atmosphere	awful meal . worse service .	negative	sustenance
atmosphere	this location is always slow . takes at least minutes for them to give me one pizza every . single . time .	negative	dish
atmosphere	it's a weekday and lines are long deep with full carts , but no additional checkers despite many open lanes .	negative	wagon
atmosphere	doesn't open on time so hasn't gotten my business on several occasions . probably won't try again .	negative	enterprise
atmosphere	minute wait with an empty restaurant on memorial day weekend . staff everywhere . needs better management !	negative	personnel
atmosphere	rather eat a hostess cinnibon then go here again . dont know how it got so many good reviews	negative	assessment
atmosphere	waitstaff was very nice , however the kitchen was severely disorganized . people waiting for their meals mins . wrong orders	negative	aliment
atmosphere	hmm . this place keeps stopping songs after seconds so that is annoying . people would get excited then cut off !	negative	group
atmosphere	i've had usaa for decades . just had my first claim . simple auto claim . what a nightmare . skip this one .	negative	assertion
atmosphere	horrible experience . bad customer service . don't patronize . had high hopes and wanted the experience they promised .	negative	consumer
atmosphere	went there tonight , expecting a lovely splurge on greasy food , to be disappointed with an incorrect order and cold food .	negative	substance
atmosphere	food poisoning central . this place is nasty and i wish i could give a zero star .	negative	substance
atmosphere	found a piece of chicken in my vegetarian dish . really bummed since i wanted to like this place .	negative	poultry
atmosphere	the portions are large , but so are the prices , and the food is mediocre .	negative	value
atmosphere	the shrimp tacos were good but my margarita was basically worth of water . don't get the margarita .	negative	cocktail
atmosphere	not impressed but convenient and nice people . i think the food court has better chinese food than here .	negative	substance
atmosphere	the ridiculously long line out the door most nights is inexplicable . sort of emperor's got no clothes on thing going on . overrated .	negative	clothing
atmosphere	so unprofessional . i uploaded a pic of our text exchange this morning . he wouldn't even give me a price range .	negative	value
atmosphere	beware ! after . months of not fixing my mower they would not return unless i paid them a ransom	negative	period
atmosphere	tried the new york steaks . they were tough as shoe leather . very dissatisfied . i won't return .	negative	footwear
atmosphere	craving for portuguese cheesy bread sooo . picked these bad boys up after work prior to dinner across the street	negative	meal
atmosphere	always has a waiting list and i can never get into this lounge . rude and apathetic reception	negative	greeting
atmosphere	slowest place i have ever been . at least minutes to get a coffee . under staffed and very inefficient	negative	beverage
atmosphere	i had the doro chicken tibs . the chicken was cooked good but it was very oily . homey place .	negative	poultry
atmosphere	mewh . chicken parm was tough , chicago dog was bland . server was rushed until she brought the check .	negative	canine
atmosphere	should have checked yelp before coming here . the experience ruined my day . service is creepy here . unorganized . uncaring . demeaning .	negative	work
atmosphere	the price is so high for the quality of food and service provided	negative	value
atmosphere	oh my god ! please answer the phone once in a while . also , ask your taxis drivers to take a shower .	negative	operator
atmosphere	this is a vile existence . slop on a plate . don't go here you will question humanities existence .	negative	subject
pizza	i got the seafood medley spectacular ! huge portions of fresh , expertly prepare seafood ! i also loved the spinach and garlic !	positive	vegetable
pizza	great service , great food . best caesar salad i have ever had . pulled pork sandwich was great . loved it !	positive	meat
pizza	cheap and tasty cocktails . gave the bartender free reign , and she was a great mixologist ! worth a stop !	positive	finish
pizza	lots of great beers . piano kareoke . lots of fun . big open area for a noisy good time .	positive	brew
pizza	possibly the best chinese food around . spareribs are incredible . saugus wings are a must have . love it !	positive	substance
pizza	delicious ! this friendly restaurant was worth taking the detour off the transcanada , during the cold snap .	positive	route
pizza	this is the best mexican spot in the city of atlanta . everything on the menu is great .	positive	municipality
pizza	we work across the road with apple spice , this place is soooooo good , their sourdough sandwich is so delicious !	positive	way
pizza	rose and lychee macaron are really good , thumb ups for being all natural	positive	shrub
pizza	love this place ! great enviorment . great coffee . and a great spot to get some work done	positive	beverage
pizza	amazing place , absolutely unbelievable toast and they made me the best latte i've ever had !	positive	espresso
pizza	excellent bartenders aka masters of mixology always great food .	positive	substance
pizza	food was delicious and jordan provided excellent service ! looking forward to a return visit .	positive	substance
pizza	tucked away behind corner bar . totally worth stopping in ! amazing tacos and quick	positive	area
pizza	awesome vibe for college students ! music and view are amazing the mahi tacos are to die for !	positive	atmosphere
pizza	outstanding flavours , reminds me of home . fairly priced . good service . shame no alcohol .	positive	abode
pizza	love the mac salad , yum ! huge portions . not needed but great for leftovers . busy place	positive	food
pizza	unique to boston . definitely worth doing if you are visiting .	positive	tour
pizza	chili cheese slaw dog is superb and gotta love the drive in sit and dine	positive	canine
pizza	awesome food and service ! best place to go on a date for special occasion . will definitely come back !	positive	day
pizza	amazing best place ! great food , great service ! awesome ambiance . first time here and i will for sure make it back !	positive	substance
pizza	almost always get my drink perfectly made and quickly . it's easy and painless . you me of my fav location .	positive	serving
pizza	great place , good food and cold beer . stop every time iam at the airport .	positive	airfield
pizza	decent falafel , served with family style care , at very competitive prices .	positive	value
pizza	went to an event here this past weekend . liked the venue and the decorum .	positive	propriety
pizza	heart roasters is one of the reasons i like coffee and being at this location i enjoy it even more	positive	beverage
pizza	standard sandwich shop . fast , good , inexpensive . everything is toasted . atmosphere is warm . music is good . staff was courteous .	positive	personnel
pizza	i love comic con , but the austin convention center is way too tiny to keep hosting this event !	positive	meeting
pizza	very good food and service . nicely decorated . been here several times . small bit pricey .	positive	substance
pizza	such good food every time ! brunch is perfect and can't be beat !	positive	meal
pizza	taro milk tea was great , loved the lightbulb cup . appreciate you staying open during this time !	positive	beverage
pizza	chairs incredible . stylist great . glass of wine perfect . overall fantastic . will be back to this gem . thanks for the treat !	positive	alcohol
pizza	incredible flavors , i recommend the chef's choice menu aka the magic carpet . we will be back !	positive	deciding
pizza	amazing , nutritious human food . love it . leaves you full too . line can get long at meal times .	positive	sustenance
pizza	so good here sweet and clean i comeback soon my favorite latte . and oj i like here very much	positive	espresso
pizza	oh my goodness this place is soooo gooood ! seriously working my way through the menu . the shrimp grits are incredible	positive	bill
pizza	tuna melts are great ! good location great staff all around worth it !	positive	personnel
pizza	great food and amazing customer service ! i recommend getting the falafel and the beirut style hummus !	positive	consumer
pizza	great vibe , great date night spot . the italian food truck is amazing . drinks were on point .	positive	day
pizza	the food was excellent and service was nice . the ambience inside is great to bring friends and family .	positive	substance
pizza	hey , it's dairy queen , not a steak joint ! like it better than wendy's or mcdonalds . burgers are always good here .	positive	farm
pizza	the beer selection is great . with seasonal menu changes this place keeps you guessing and wanting more .	positive	brew
pizza	always a tasty destination for a sandwich , espresso , cookie and a glass of wine .	positive	coffee
pizza	excellent food , fairly reasonably priced with lots of vegan options . the pad ki mao was excellent !	positive	substance
pizza	beautiful view of the columbia river . good seafood choices . service was slow . nice jazz trio playing .	positive	deciding
pizza	real food , real fresh , clean , reasonable price . a nice alternative to the processed and engineered foods served by the chain	positive	value
pizza	live music , excellent and authentic food !	positive	substance
pizza	love going here for gel polish and manicures . owner is very sweet and skilled . definitely recommend trying them out .	positive	businessman
pizza	always great service and delicious food ! thank you tak , mayumi and crew !	positive	substance
pizza	always the best customer service . great ride through carwash . love that the vacuums are free .	positive	consumer
pizza	the manager owner here is beyond rude and condescending . average coffee with weird hours . i definitely won't be back .	negative	administrator
pizza	slow service , i could place my order shop the entire super target and still have to wait for my drink .	negative	serving
pizza	mango slushy tasted like straight up sugar . sweetness level . coffee milk tea tasted full of powder . powder level .	negative	sweetener
pizza	the original owner has sold the store it doesn't have the same authentic feel .	negative	outlet
pizza	fired all of their employees instead of finding a way to stay open . i'll never go here again .	negative	worker
pizza	their attitude toward customer makes me uncomfortable and this is the first time i write a yelp review .	negative	assessment
pizza	pricey and the food was not very good . soup was watery . jason's deli is much fresher	negative	dish
pizza	doctors treated me like a freak because i have reactions to soy based products etc . very condescending	negative	commodity
pizza	had salad here last night . worst case of food poisoning ever ! never eating here again .	negative	substance
pizza	the quality aregoing downward , especially the sashimi . people who have been in there know what i saying	negative	attribute
pizza	i will say the owner contacted me and was very sweet and refunded me my money for the haircut .	negative	coiffure
pizza	i wish the had vegetables like broccoli carrots .	negative	produce
pizza	weird menu , sub par quality for the price . i won't go back .	negative	value
pizza	sawdust dry terrible product knowledge found seeds in the highest priced indica way to expensive ! do not recommend !	negative	suggest
pizza	overrated , dirty , crowded . no credit cards . very slow service . i can't understand the . stars .	negative	approval
pizza	taqueria del sol haiku review long lines of yuppies lead to fresh , tasty eats , but what's with all the rules ?	negative	assessment
pizza	closed again for health violations ! are they stupid or just lazy ! what is with asian restaurants in midtown ?	negative	well-being
pizza	do not come here . it continues to be terrible all raw burgers . they don't cook their burgers at all .	negative	go
pizza	chicken was not very fresh or very hot or very good . sides were pretty good . i likely won't return .	negative	poultry
pizza	portions are getting smaller and smaller lines are always long so you know they aren't hurting for money	negative	formation
pizza	things have gone downhill and it's just best to stay away .	negative	belongings
pizza	food was profoundly salty . combo didn't come with egg roll or soda . don't doordash it	negative	ovum
pizza	overpriced . average food . interesting decor . odd mix of people . would pass on going there again .	negative	ornamentation
pizza	i got pad thai and found hair on the noodles . the water tasted bad . i won't go here again .	negative	pasta
pizza	what's the difference between a reservation and a walk in ? nothing . hr wait with it and an hour wait without it .	negative	locomotion
pizza	for sports you cant go wrong ! food just ok and service the same .	negative	recreation
pizza	crappy latin american food , not all that cheap .	negative	substance
pizza	no variety , rude butcher , old sandwiches and food at hot bar . this one is so pretentious it's not worth it	negative	snack_food
pizza	everything you could imagine that would make a bar terrible , all rolled into one place .	negative	room
pizza	the service was terrible and the food was tasteless . the vermicelli noodles were so thick and slimey .	negative	pasta
pizza	don't waste your time calling dean's , just another contractor that doesn't return calls .	negative	telephony
pizza	awful food . if you aren't into gaming , there isn't anything else here . we came accidentally and won't be back .	negative	recreation
pizza	stopped in cause other reviews said barbacoa was top ten . not even close . food was tolerable , sweet bread no comment .	negative	assessment
pizza	rude staff . very dirty table with spilt food on the floor beneath , spilt coffee pot still on table .	negative	personnel
pizza	dumpy place with mediocre thai food . go a couple of extra miles and get something much better !	negative	pair
pizza	was not impressed . chicken bowl and katsu bowl were terrible . it seems nothing was cooked properly . low quality meats .	negative	poultry
pizza	bad and silly service , small space , no space for sitting . cool and different but no recommend	negative	work
pizza	an hour and a half late delivering our food , need i say more ?	negative	substance
pizza	closed and for a good reason . awful customer service , terrible food . happy to see you go .	negative	consumer
pizza	what would you pay for a six pack of stone pale ale ? . . ? . i don't f ! ing think so !	negative	beer
pizza	terrible hostess that neglected us completely and let other parties that reserved min after us	negative	organisation
pizza	stay away ! they quoted one price then couldn't actually fix the problem but i still had to pay .	negative	value
pizza	the kale brussels salad with almonds and manchego cheese was missing almonds and manchego but otherwise it was ok	negative	food
pizza	bought a cheesecake here for a birthday celebration . unfortunately it was the worst cheese cake i have ever had .	negative	anniversary
pizza	do not go there ! they don't know what they do . they are so unprofessional , the worst dentists in lake mary .	negative	water
pizza	employee doesn't wear covid mask and is very rude !	negative	worker
pizza	what a horrible place to eat with bad food . chicken slimy undercooked nothing had flavor .	negative	poultry
pizza	good atmosphere but falls way short on food . let's be frank , double the meat or shave some of that bun .	negative	food
pizza	called several hours in advance for a taxi to logan express in framingham never showed up . no call . no nothing .	negative	telephone
pizza	for all of my vegetarian friends , the vegetarian burrito is not vegetarian . the beans are cooked with meat .	negative	legume
restaurant	like really fuccn good food service was polite and fast come and eat here no complaints what so ever	positive	substance
restaurant	one of my fave places in atl for brunch food . omg the quiche is to die for !	positive	meal
restaurant	great wine at reasonable prices ! friendly service , beautiful outside seating with gorgeous mountain views .	positive	alcohol
restaurant	great salads and fresh ingreeds . i go after rush hours to avoid the crowds .	positive	gathering
restaurant	yum . amazing cajun tots yes as in tator tots revamped . delicious three cheese grilled cheese . seriously , to die for .	positive	food
restaurant	if you're going for a scorpian bowl . get the lychee . its the tastiest and strongest by far .	positive	vessel
restaurant	friendly and knowledgeable employee ! very sweet drinks . we tried the original and extra both had a lemon zesty finish .	positive	worker
restaurant	we were in orlando and tried this place for the first time . food and service was great	positive	substance
restaurant	the ropa vieja was excellent . the portion was huge ! yuca con mojo and black beans were on point to .	positive	legume
restaurant	best fish tacos in boston . 'nuff said . should be a must try on everyone's taco taste list .	positive	mexican
restaurant	best pad thai in orlando and love the thai tea ! beautiful interior and the servers are very nice .	positive	beverage
restaurant	excellent food , wonderfully sized portions . got the two meat , brisket was very good . heather our server was really good .	positive	food
restaurant	awesome food and service ! best place to go on a date for special occasion . will definitely come back !	positive	day
restaurant	chips were fresh . fresh salsa was very good . margaritas were generous and tasty . we'll be back .	positive	cocktail
restaurant	great pizza . great beer including some home brew selections . warm , welcoming atmosphere . what more could you want ?	positive	abode
restaurant	soooo delicious . everything tastes so fresh and the blend of seasoning is truly fabulous .	positive	ingredient
restaurant	dropped in on new years day . good service , good food . liked by many that morning as it got busy .	positive	substance
restaurant	sean banged out my plumbing repair quickly and better than it was before . very professional .	positive	utility
restaurant	love these guys ! very kind and efficient . everything freshly made . best fried chicken in atlanta . order it spicy .	positive	poultry
restaurant	awesome shade . huge trees for climbing . lots of soccer fields to run around in .	positive	football
restaurant	great breakfast spot in boulder . no wait on a saturday morning , very friendly staff , great food .	positive	personnel
restaurant	damn this place is delicious . portions are hardy , and prices are reasonable . hihgly recommended .	positive	value
restaurant	amazing ice cream . crazy flavors , but worth the wait . tourist visiting portland ? skip voodoo , get some salt straw instead .	positive	traveler
restaurant	knowledgeable , friendly , with excellent , thoughtful advice best pharmacists in town . love the staff . thank you fehmina and arif .	positive	personnel
restaurant	incredible flavors , i recommend the chef's choice menu aka the magic carpet . we will be back !	positive	deciding
restaurant	excellent food , including vegan choices , and extremely nice staff . everybody liked what they got . we'll definitely go back .	positive	personnel
restaurant	great dinning environment , and great food . like what i had as a child . highly recommended	positive	juvenile
restaurant	great bartenders and staff . great place fore adults to unwind as well . love this place and half price games wednesdays	positive	personnel
restaurant	flying biscuit is kinda weird but in the best way . their servers are cool . it's a chill breakfast brunch spot .	positive	meal
restaurant	staff is always friendly . food has been consistently good . can't find a meal like that at a cheaper price .	positive	personnel
restaurant	amazing best place ! great food , great service ! awesome ambiance . first time here and i will for sure make it back !	positive	substance
restaurant	really enjoy their wings . only complaint is the looongg wait and poor customer service . call ahead to order and pickup .	positive	consumer
restaurant	the philly here is amazing . just stopped by here before i get some drinks at violet crown . definitely coming back .	positive	viola
restaurant	chili cheese slaw dog is superb and gotta love the drive in sit and dine	positive	canine
restaurant	all the way from north carolina to have a carolina burger . bravo bless your heart , you nailed it !	positive	murderer
restaurant	pieology awesome pizza , awesome price , awesome time ! my wife and i eat here all the time !	positive	spouse
restaurant	we had the warm , buttery lobster roll and lobster bisque . both were fresh and delicious !	positive	shellfish
restaurant	azuka was amaaaazing . food was awesome ! service was great and show was entertaining as usual .	positive	substance
restaurant	fantastic food , atmosphere and service . authentic italian with excellent food quality and generous portions . highly recommended when in orlando .	positive	substance
restaurant	nutella waffle amazing . peppermint hot chocolate do me . yay for waffles !	positive	drink
restaurant	my local dive on division . i love this place cheap drinks and food .	positive	substance
restaurant	i really want to try it there i heard great things though about the salon	positive	gallery
restaurant	fantastic food great service friendly staff . will definitely go back . short ribs and papardelle doesn't get any better !	positive	personnel
restaurant	surprisingly tasty . the black beans and rice were excellent as was the beef sandwich .	positive	legume
restaurant	i love this place and always make an effort to stop by when i'm at home from college !	positive	abode
restaurant	out of this world empanadas . , omg , hot and soft freshly baked pandesal . superb and super friendly service .	positive	work
restaurant	delicious seasoned quiche and greens . great customer service . will be sure to return for more .	positive	consumer
restaurant	try taro milk tea , add green tea jelly	positive	beverage
restaurant	i've been to the oat shop three times and i would honestly go more often if it's in boston .	positive	cereal
restaurant	one of the best deep dish outside of chicago i have ever had greatest you wont ne disappointed	positive	crockery
restaurant	meh . slow service . mediocre food and apparently , no hot water .	negative	liquid
restaurant	ok pizza by the slice . neat flavors , decent ingredients . stick to the thin crust the thick is too gummy .	negative	layer
restaurant	i will be going to wal mart pharmacy from now on . i just tossed my cvs cards in the trash .	negative	medicine
restaurant	terrible service . our waiter was so unprofessional and rude . food wasn't even good . awful .	negative	substance
restaurant	this owner just got arrested and the place shut down for prostitution and traffic of human .	negative	businessman
restaurant	the woman at the register took my order and without washing her hands proceeded to put my cheeseburger together .	negative	female
restaurant	so tired of getting bad haircuts here . it's close to my house , but i can't do it anymore .	negative	coiffure
restaurant	greedy . money hungry owners ! i would highly encourage you to take your business else where !	negative	enterprise
restaurant	oh my god ! please answer the phone once in a while . also , ask your taxis drivers to take a shower .	negative	operator
restaurant	decent effort . great meat flavor but the bread was not fresh	negative	food
restaurant	awful service . great food . will take minutes to get your food . if you're in a rush , don't do it .	negative	substance
restaurant	worst experience to start a vacation . over a two hour wait time to pick up my prepaid car is unexceptionable .	negative	leisure
restaurant	got the brisket and sides . it was alright . better bbq places in this town for sure .	negative	municipality
restaurant	very poor service in regard to wallpaper simply not interested in giving any help at all	negative	work
restaurant	well , the employee on the phone says that they don't have a fax machine , not for omigod , forever .	negative	worker
restaurant	great views . the swordfish was dry . the salmon basil was average . perhaps we didn't choose the right combination here .	negative	herb
restaurant	food was mediocre and expensive . poor service and very passive aggressive . pretentious vibe if that's your thing .	negative	atmosphere
restaurant	food , mediocre service , horrible . the rudest waitstaff in newton . cleanliness , disgusting .	negative	substance
restaurant	what ever happened to friendly bartenders ? shouldn't a hello or how's it going be art of the interview process ? rude .	negative	interrogation
restaurant	horrible , tasteless chicken and barberry rice . maybe twenty berries in total . rice was dry .	negative	poultry
restaurant	fatty brisket . bland sides . not good . most pathetic bar selection imaginable .	negative	cut
restaurant	your typical sit down strip mall tex mex diner . nothing special . not bike friendly .	negative	eater
restaurant	the worst customer service in the industry . listen to us do not sign up .	negative	consumer
restaurant	walked over to get some pizza at pm on a wednesday and they were closed . what's the deal ?	negative	dish
restaurant	coffee is good , but place is dirty . overflowing trash cans , trash in floor , bathrooms are gross . staff was friendly .	negative	personnel
restaurant	glad i moved from the subdivision this company managed !	negative	parcel
restaurant	such a frustrating experience . they don't listen to the patients . the insurance companies seem to call the shots .	negative	protection
restaurant	high prices , incompetent maintenance technicians and poorly installed systems are the atlas butler way . stay away !	negative	value
restaurant	got a terrible sour tasting iced coffee . not sure if the milk they used was spoiled or what .	negative	beverage
restaurant	used to be good but nowadays their pizza is consistently dry with very few toppings	negative	dish
restaurant	we had an apple tart , chocolate croissant , and raspberry hamantaschen . everything was pretty mediocre . cute place and nice owner though .	negative	businessman
restaurant	the water smells disgusting like they dont even clean the cup at all . and the waiters there are so rude	negative	liquid
restaurant	awful ! i got takeout for dinner from here tonight and i found egg shells in my shrimp fried rice !	negative	meal
restaurant	i have only one suggestion . gorden ramsey please help this place . the one star should go to the server .	negative	idea
restaurant	bland , overcooked and very mediocre 'french bistro' note the quotation marks ! food . i'm surprised they are still in business .	negative	enterprise
restaurant	never had problems with bank good friendly service always smiling when walking thru the door	negative	work
restaurant	not open hours . went at am , was told they are doing inventory . please adjust your publicly posted hours .	negative	listing
restaurant	i was underwhelmed . its an unblended mix of cambridge goths , yuppies cutting loose , gayness , and depressing alcoholics .	negative	drunkard
restaurant	rude waitress , locals' pub with bad service . the food is subpar at best . my friend just moved closeby . hugely disappointed !	negative	waiter
restaurant	boba was bad and the girl had the customer service skills of wallpaper . will not be back .	negative	ability
restaurant	good place they advertise nike weekend but there was none very dissapointed	negative	period
restaurant	this place is pretty bad . expect to be waiting an hour after your appointment time before you see the doctor .	negative	instance
restaurant	poor service and food was ok quality for the price . there are better options in the area .	negative	value
restaurant	the service was terrible and the food was tasteless . the vermicelli noodles were so thick and slimey .	negative	pasta
restaurant	the fun thing about this place is standing in line and watching the other donut buyers . don't recommend eating the donuts .	negative	customer
restaurant	went there for lunch today it's closed as of feb . . the other locations remain open .	negative	meal
restaurant	oh my gosh ! how did they get past a ? crap food i would rather go to a truck stop .	negative	finish
restaurant	was that a large rat running across the floor , or a small nutria ? i won't be back to investigate further .	negative	rodent
restaurant	none of the games ever work , overpriced drinks . coke dealers in the bathroom .	negative	merchant
restaurant	so so food overshadowed by rude , argumentative manager whose scroungy appearance looked more like a dishwasher .	negative	administrator
chicken	awesome pork belly bun is tender and flavorful . cool little spot with a comfortable atmosphere . no complaints will be back .	positive	meat
chicken	wow incredible ! haven't had such wonderful cheese since i was in paris . highly recommend .	positive	food
chicken	gotta ask for james . simply the best ! the portions are huge and the ribs are fantastic .	positive	support
chicken	had the oxtail and potatoes tonight and my mind was blown ! super savory and perfectly seasoned !	positive	starches
chicken	my first time hear . wow food is good , shrimp skewers and fried with oz steak boooiiii	positive	substance
chicken	chili cheese slaw dog is superb and gotta love the drive in sit and dine	positive	canine
chicken	i have used joel and tol for years . excellent service and quality fixtures . beautiful outdoor lighting .	positive	illumination
chicken	great burgs , rings , and shakes cool atmosphere and nice staff all you need in life	positive	personnel
chicken	margaritas were excellent . veal quesadilla was incredible . service was terrific . i recommend the rooftop bar .	positive	burrito
chicken	love this guy . great service , great attitude , years and years of servicing our community .	positive	man
chicken	the burger here is to die for ! delicious ! make sure you get peach cobbler as a dessert !	positive	course
chicken	so good i had to come back again the second night while visiting boulder . the thai green curry was astounding !	positive	rock
chicken	awesome food and service ! best place to go on a date for special occasion . will definitely come back !	positive	day
chicken	great home town classic america pizza . huge slices , good toppings and good personable service . the garlic knots are delicious !	positive	abode
chicken	most authentic thai in columbus . the kai soy and pad thai are winners and the cocktails are lethal	positive	asian
chicken	very cool cocktails ! attention to detail was incredible . even have laser etched b in ice cubes !	positive	fact
chicken	chairs incredible . stylist great . glass of wine perfect . overall fantastic . will be back to this gem . thanks for the treat !	positive	alcohol
chicken	the food is great and have lots of various food and my gay cousins love this place especially fernando	positive	relative
chicken	one of the true gems in cambridge . live music is always a great time . try the fish tacos !	positive	mexican
chicken	the real deal , experts . i wouldn't go anywhere else ! get scheduled ! various shades of tint and keep it legal .	positive	glasses
chicken	super friendly staff place is always busy . excellent sandwiches everything is handmade right in front of you	positive	personnel
chicken	tacos , chips , salsa and queso all really good ! i'll definitely be back ! everything added up quickly but worth it !	positive	condiment
chicken	solid stars . everyone is kind . the pork tacos are my soul mate . the place is super cute .	positive	meat
chicken	inexpensive bowling in a great atmosphere with a fantastic craft beer selection and friendly staff !	positive	personnel
chicken	oh my goodness this place is soooo gooood ! seriously working my way through the menu . the shrimp grits are incredible	positive	bill
chicken	terrific breakfast and portions highly recommend the french toast and house sausage . sweet and fast waitstaff .	positive	abode
chicken	beautiful fresh food and awesome drinks service was personal and attentive . this takes us back to memories of mykonos !	positive	substance
chicken	update i think the claw machine is gone . today the world is a little sadder . that is all .	positive	device
chicken	like really fuccn good food service was polite and fast come and eat here no complaints what so ever	positive	substance
chicken	huge selection of fresh oysters . one of the top three restaurants in atlanta top notch cocktails menu and service	positive	bivalve
chicken	this place is phenomenal ! our server , jason , made great recommendations and was really nice ! definitely try the mussels !	positive	shellfish
chicken	fantastic food and atmosphere ! parking is challenging on a weekend but very nice wait people and staff !	positive	personnel
chicken	such a good breakfast for a reasonable price . never can finish a meal here so i strongly suggest splitting !	positive	sustenance
chicken	great sandwiches dog friendly loved it !	positive	canine
chicken	good prices , super friendly . i feel fortunate to have this pharmacy in my neighborhood and recommend them without reservation .	positive	medicine
chicken	roosters is roosters ! stringtown is nice and food wings are good . waitresses are friendly . goid experience .	positive	waiter
chicken	went late on friday night . restaurant was crowded loud but service was great , food was fantastic !	positive	substance
chicken	love living at the atlantic ! great location , wonderful staff , beautiful building .	positive	personnel
chicken	a good clean place for dim sum but book a table because it can get busy at lunch time .	positive	meal
chicken	i had the bavarian cabbage rolls . wow they are the best i've had since i was a little boy .	positive	male
chicken	delicious ! reasonably priced and more importantly , it is just the right about of szechuan !	positive	determine
chicken	great time in the phase human trials room . chance and rachel were wonderful ! highly recommend thanks !	positive	possibility
chicken	excellent food , including vegan choices , and extremely nice staff . everybody liked what they got . we'll definitely go back .	positive	personnel
chicken	amazing best place ! great food , great service ! awesome ambiance . first time here and i will for sure make it back !	positive	substance
chicken	shocked to find latin food here . service is great . i'll be back real soon . gonna try the pupusas next time	positive	substance
chicken	delicious ! this was amazing . the meatball was to die for . and the wood fired oven bread was incredible !	positive	starches
chicken	good bagels but not nyc quality . surly service .	positive	attribute
chicken	works easter ! good section of frozen yogurt flavors . prices by cups not by weight or toppings . very convenient .	positive	value
chicken	food was delicious but had to cut tons of fat off pastrami . huge order of fries and wonderful salad .	positive	tater
chicken	great food , arrived on time . we'll order again when visiting boston in the future ! thank u so much !	positive	substance
chicken	poor service , clearly a cleanliness issue . waited minutes for our waitress to run our check .	negative	waiter
chicken	bad customer service . not worth going to the restaurant and wasting your money . unhygienic ways of handling food . rude staff !	negative	personnel
chicken	large selection of flavors but grainy and overly sweet . definitely too grainy to be eaten as regular cookie dough .	negative	cake
chicken	the service was terrible and the food was tasteless . the vermicelli noodles were so thick and slimey .	negative	pasta
chicken	a very basic and poorly haircut . she is unfriendly no customer satisfaction . for sure i will not come back again .	negative	coiffure
chicken	unfriendly atmosphere starting with the bouncer . definitely not worth the cover charge . many better options steps away .	negative	staircase
chicken	i've got nothing but disgust for the infamous upper crust . never again !	negative	layer
chicken	poutine was pretty gross tonite . cold , lifeless , w little cheese . don't take the poutine 's name in vain !	negative	food
chicken	messaged plumber john for a quote to get some work done and received this message back . very upsetting and unprofessional .	negative	journeyman
chicken	the waitress was so rude ! great atmosphere , but totally colored by the terrible and unhelpful service . too bad .	negative	waiter
chicken	out of barbecue at on a saturday night . get your stuff together . waiter unapologetic with attitude .	negative	substance
chicken	nice little bar . trashy but solid . good jukebox and good food .	negative	phonograph
chicken	this place is gross . rooms smell bad and everything feels icky . i checked in and out an hour later	negative	unit_of_time
chicken	purchased a gift card , then told they can't be used for purchase . can it be more ridiculous ?	negative	acquisition
chicken	soooo gross . greasy doughnuts with lots of sugar on top to hide the terrible lack of taste .	negative	sweetener
chicken	if i could give no stars i would . i've been waiting in line for almost hours . absolutely inexcusable !	negative	formation
chicken	the manager is very rude and disrespectful for no reason . staff is slow and definitely not like a normal chipotle	negative	personnel
chicken	this claustrophobic , dingy , hole in the wall is plagued by long lines and a pervasive sense of low level chaos . beware .	negative	divider
chicken	marginal at best . the worst customer service . overpriced beers . and no ketchup . who doesn't have ketchup ? ! ? outrage	negative	condiment
chicken	love the food ! it's the staff especially the young lady with the pink mask at the door . very rude !	negative	personnel
chicken	waitstaff is incredibly distracted , unprofesional and rude . time to clean house if you want to retain clientele .	negative	abode
chicken	dirty , small shop . rude , nasty experience . i won't be going back .	negative	outlet
chicken	way too slow ! unless you want to waste twenty minutes , i recommend not using their drive through .	negative	written_account
chicken	poor reservation system and no customer service . food and drinks are good if you make it in .	negative	consumer
chicken	i use to really like this place but i believe it just got a from health inspector recently .	negative	well-being
chicken	ordered crispy wings for take out . not burnt to a crisp . out of wing are good .	negative	organ
chicken	rudest service i've ever come across . enough said . don't want to waste my time writing anymore . just straight rude . thanks .	negative	work
chicken	it seems like they hardly work at giving referrals even when you are accepted . they need to work harder .	negative	case
chicken	ordered cake to go , had to reorder , ended up getting the wrong order entirely when we got home	negative	abode
chicken	nice to see renovations . no luck connecting to free wii fi . even though full bars on multiple devices . frustrating	negative	improvement
chicken	poor customer sevice . no attention to details . messages left unanswered . go somewhere else	negative	info
chicken	even though was remodeled , inside of the place the floor is always sticky , lots of bugs flying around , completely disgusting .	negative	level
chicken	not great food , overpriced in my opinion . long wait times and really not worth the wait imo	negative	belief
chicken	worst burger king i have been to in my life horrible food and horrible service	negative	existence
chicken	i wish the had vegetables like broccoli carrots .	negative	produce
chicken	my dads a fisherman , ive had halibut just about every way imaginable . absolutely nothing above average except the prices here .	negative	father
chicken	the selection was poor at best . the car i used was really high mileage and probably from mid 's	negative	distance
chicken	food was super boring and we saw a mouse on our way out . do not go here !	negative	rodent
chicken	quite possibly the worst tasting chalky cupcakes i have ever tasted and i never knew anyone could ruin a cupcake !	negative	sample
chicken	lguy who answered the phone was a sarcastic jackass . i don't need your business .	negative	enterprise
chicken	food is basic . not worth the price . right idea for a restaurant but needs to improve quality .	negative	value
chicken	the only sushi place in st st cloud . sushi is ok , miso and mushroom soups were water down broth .	negative	soup
chicken	poor service attitude . also , their donuts are special , but unfortunately i don't like them at all .	negative	work
chicken	place is trash . used to be good but now it's dirty and the staff are bottom of the barrel .	negative	personnel
chicken	nice environment but the service is abysmal . love the hotel but a new lounge would do wonders	negative	seat
chicken	too expensive and rude . charged storage fees when i decided to get my car fixed elsewhere .	negative	retention
chicken	absolutely ridiculous . terrible service , rude employees .	negative	worker
chicken	save your money . the food is terrible ! thank me later . wish i would've went somewhere else instead	negative	substance
chicken	not a great lunch spot . food was fair , but made me feel like they are not really a lunch focused establishment .	negative	meal
chicken	what gas station doesn't sale lottery ? texan market is so much better much friendlier employees	negative	selling
food	notably good risotto . better than most of the expensive italian restaurants in town . good tunes playing and low key setting !	positive	music
food	stars to volkswagen atlanta ! especially to ryan , rose , and seth ! kind and helpful in every way ! thank you team !	positive	unit
food	wonderful experience . salesman craig helwig was kind , attentive , his recommendations were spot on , and the purchase was enjoyable and gratifying .	positive	salesperson
food	love it ! highly recommend the koby beef steak . pricey but totally worth it . we will definitely be coming back !	positive	cows
food	i really loved the shave ice . especially the combination of vanilla ice cream and red beans was so good .	positive	legume
food	love going here , lucie and lisa are so nice and i just love walking here to lunch . very good atmosphere .	positive	meal
food	beautiful job love my nails ! they also do eyelashes and brow tinting can't wait to come back for that	positive	activity
food	very good service karen always greets with smile happy employees big portions for good price	positive	value
food	hole in the wall amazingness . we had corn on the cob , tacos , and pulled pork sandwhich . all were amazing .	positive	meat
food	gotta ask for james . simply the best ! the portions are huge and the ribs are fantastic .	positive	support
food	thanh is the best and fastest nail tech anywhere . i've been coming here for years and won't go anywhere else .	positive	school
food	im not a ny pizza guy . chicago is better but i enjoyed the pizza . i would go back again .	positive	man
food	very under rated . the pizza is way better than ny pizza upper crust .	positive	layer
food	love this place ! best boba tea i've had . gets pretty hot in there if it gets crowded and hot outside	positive	beverage
food	space mountain ! the world of tomorrow . !	positive	elevation
food	first time here . will definitely come back . great service and a good selection of drinks .	positive	work
food	had the most delicious bruch . love the family style plats . makes it so nice to share the yummy creations !	positive	property
food	this is a decent place to get sushi , dons , and assortments of fresh flavorful dishes . everything was great .	positive	crockery
food	i love the library in grove city . the location is perfect . good parking . friendly staff . we go here often .	positive	personnel
food	a real favorite of those from cambridge , and for good reason . the place is fantastic and worth stopping in .	positive	choice
food	great location , books , books , books , . coffee . sweets . me likey	positive	beverage
food	fast , friendly and cheap ! came in with a broken screen and it was only	positive	surface
food	kimle did an amazing job on my eyebrows ! she is such a perfectionist . i love the way they turned out .	positive	compulsive
food	amazing place . if you love spirits . this is the place for you ! get there early and be ready to stand in line !	positive	alcohol
food	been here once for a special occasion . really good , takes forever to eat , but i love that kind of thing !	positive	occurrence
food	relaxing atmosphere . highly trained therapists . i've never had a bad massage here . love the renovations !	positive	improvement
food	very professional . i felt like i got a real haircut after staying many years in us . must try .	positive	coiffure
food	fun fantastic ! fresh tasty . will definitely come back . gluten free thai bowl rocks !	positive	asian
food	almost as good as bonchon wings ! and they deliver ! what more do you need to know ? good dumplings and spring rolls too .	positive	season
food	great restaurant . all the hype is true .	positive	building
food	i trust jack completely with anything he recommends . i have never been disappointed . he knows best ! highly recommend	positive	small_indefinite_amount
food	was sent here through travelers . great customer service , fast , and my car looks good as new .	positive	consumer
food	you can't go wrong with la tavola ! wonderful dishes , great service , amazing chocolate cake a !	positive	crockery
food	awesome hole in the wall diner . i had the french toast and it was pretty good . great homey , local vibe	positive	atmosphere
food	always clean and well managed by travis . best location i have ever been to . i feel completely comfortable and welcome .	positive	object
food	super nice people and clean salon . i've been there twice now and definitely will return !	positive	gallery
food	great steak frites . ottman and trey are great behind the bar . place gets cookin' when jimmy the stasche rolls in .	positive	cut
food	good pizza , reasonable prices , very friendly service . thanks josh !	positive	value
food	love their chicken ! they changed their salads awhile ago and super love those now also . the service is always great !	positive	poultry
food	one of the best pizzas i've ever had ! the crust was chewy and crispy . kale salad is a dream !	positive	layer
food	good service and asked if i needed help upon entering . love the selection of le creuset cookware .	positive	work
food	i love fred meyer . this is a really convienent location to me . staff memebers are always very curtious and friendly	positive	personnel
food	i love coming by here for breakfast tacos the staff here are so friendly and always make my day !	positive	personnel
food	never , never was disappoineted here . if you don't see it on the menu ask neno he will make it for you .	positive	bill
food	we ordered ahead for a party . the pizza was ready on time and delish . thank you	positive	dish
food	tina is outstanding ! listens to my needs and always give the best massages ! highly recommend her !	positive	treatment
food	great donuts . super friendly staff . i wish they were closer .	positive	personnel
food	one of the best poke spots to go to in boston ! the good and service is delightful ! recomendable !	positive	work
food	simply the best donuts we've ever had ! we drive half way across the state to get these donuts !	positive	friedcake
food	buffet was delicious ! plenty of options , even if you are strictly vegetarian . the staff was very friendly !	positive	personnel
food	awful ! i got takeout for dinner from here tonight and i found egg shells in my shrimp fried rice !	negative	meal
food	terrible service . the management was rude and snotty the moment we walked in . will never come back .	negative	point
food	was good previous times , but this time my banh mi sandwich came with almost no meat and a few bones .	negative	food
food	weak menu . average service . only perk is the view and convenience when staying at the resort . not worth it .	negative	hotel
food	i ordered bean , cheese , and some other ingredient vegetarian based tacos that were a recipe for heart burn .	negative	component
food	dirty quilt , red stain on pillow , tried to reach front desk , put on hold multiple times , overpriced for experience	negative	cushion
food	awful service . had a reservation for and weren't seated minutes after our reserved time	negative	work
food	customer service lacking . one star for showing up mins late . one star for napkins . reduced likelihood of using again .	negative	probability
food	staff very unfriendly and very inhospitable . room very dirty , needs painting . human hair everywhere . mold all over tub . mattress stained .	negative	personnel
food	racist location . managers defend racism ! i was promised a resolution that i never received .	negative	administrator
food	don't eat here . the service is awful which is the last thing you need to deal with when inbetween flights .	negative	work
food	so disappointed with this company since bosley's was purchased by pet value ! terrible service and staff are so unhappy .	negative	personnel
food	want overpriced pints and frowns from all the waitresses ? look no further than muhony and sons .	negative	waiter
food	seven people behind the counter and the line barely moves . might actually be the slowest starbucks on the planet .	negative	table
food	i hate the new on line system ! have been a unitus customer for years . will be closing my accounts !	negative	consumer
food	came in waited minutes when it was empty ! such shitty service i'm never coming back here for sure	negative	work
food	called ahead to make sure they were open . answering machine assured us they were . got there . closed . so irresponsible !	negative	device
food	adobada made me sick and a week later my coworker ate from this place and got sick as well	negative	period
food	way too slow ! unless you want to waste twenty minutes , i recommend not using their drive through .	negative	written_account
food	great customer service , fish on monday was bad and did not taste fresh , very disappointed on a special day .	negative	consumer
food	don't use them . extremely rude and the owner will cuss you out . the office is no better .	negative	businessman
food	tried this last night and disappointed . bland taste and ginger sauce was served cold .	negative	condiment
food	the employees there don't listen . i asked for a poster and they just kept ignoring me .	negative	worker
food	disappointing service . . hours to get a leak checked after spending plus warranty certificates . sad .	negative	papers
food	horrible deli service . short staffed and have people working who don't know what they are doing .	negative	store
food	overpriced average sushi . cramped . i guess my fav . will still be fugakyu .	negative	dish
food	broth was luke warm and noodles were only half cooked . pretty disappointing for bucks .	negative	soup
food	atlanta magazine has reported this placed closed . the website simply says thank you atlanta . anyone know whom the owners are ?	negative	publication
food	decent ok to acceptable cheese but specialty pizza tasted like salt all around .	negative	food
food	worst rental car place ever ! for extra hours they wanted to charge us ! never go here !	negative	motor_vehicle
food	horrible service at pharmacy . waited over min for someone to help . they are understaffed .	negative	medicine
food	extremely small portions , very expensive . ordered pad thai . very greasy and oily as well	negative	asian
food	they suck at customer service . and they never have enough ppl there . such a pain in the tush .	negative	consumer
food	this is buca di beppo pizza rebranded as a delivery only option . buyer beware .	negative	transport
food	i was very hopeful , but pizza was ok . the garlic knots were okay also , but quite the small order .	negative	dish
food	this place is overhyped , the ramen was below average . meat rations was too small for .	negative	food
food	fairly decent , but bland . nowhere near as good as bamboo sushi on rd .	negative	dish
food	terrible bar . they think they're better than they are and discriminate against upstanding members of society . never gonna go back .	negative	social_group
food	they never called back , never solved issues we had , claimed they sent notices that were not delivered . awful .	negative	announcement
food	terrible service . rude manager .	negative	administrator
food	all set with the lobster pound . dry lobster on a burger bun . not ! . wasted . never again !	negative	shellfish
food	is my least favourite poutine , i've tried twice and it hasn't been the best experience , not even drunk	negative	education
food	had a red velvet cupcake . frosting is waaaaay too sweet , and the cheese tasted artificial . disappointing .	negative	fabric
food	not so great . short ribs were very tough . service was a c i won't be back .	negative	work
food	their weather modeling is historically inaccurate . tune into any other tv station to get an accurate weather forecast .	negative	prediction
food	first time trying the rolled ice cream and just wasn't a fan . presentation is better than it taste .	negative	instance
food	just to talk to someone the waiting time is hours ! not enough employees , the sure give more hire opportunities !	negative	possibility
food	not very attentive service and honestly the bar felt a bit grimy and dirty .	negative	work
food	horrible manager , treats his staff awfully . ruined an otherwise decent breakfast experience .	negative	personnel
food	typical pub fare and service . a view of the beach is all this place has going for it .	negative	tavern
service	yang rou chuan er is pretty good ! i found my hometown taste here	positive	metal
service	absolutely love this place ! awesome atmosphere , kinda loud but food is epic . definitely will return soon .	positive	substance
service	they have salt and pepper squid ! . and that's all i need to know . all th food is amazing !	positive	seafood
service	got the scott brown burger . interesting , unique , and tasty combination of ingredients . cool atmosphere too .	positive	component
service	excellent mom and pop coop for all of your bulk and earth loving needs .	positive	mother
service	best cuban food i've had in austin . no need to miss miami any longer !	positive	substance
service	always impressive ! the gold standard in floral design and floral delivery in boston .	positive	transport
service	the best . everything we have ever gotten perfect . owners are wonderful . chicken kabob garden salad awesome . roast beef sandwiches delicious .	positive	poultry
service	quick repair . very nice people . great deal on groupon right now . will definitely use them again .	positive	group
service	intown dentist is first rate . been going there since and have never been disappointed .	positive	medical_practitioner
service	nice . had a small outdoor seating section . i enjoyed the bottomless mimosas . great food .	positive	room
service	great inexpensive indian food . chicken tikka masala is particularly good , as are the naans and the chutneys .	positive	poultry
service	their production of hairspray was really good . i'm totally a fan .	positive	device
service	i liked the idea of picking our own toppings and baking the pizzas right there . fresh and yummy !	positive	garnish
service	hands down my favorite theater in portland . you cant beat for premium reclining seats .	positive	room
service	great place to grab drinks with friends after work . i love their sangria . will definitely be returning !	positive	drink
service	wonderful meal ! we had the course meal and it was so good ! the steamed clams were great too !	positive	sustenance
service	big market w lots of shops .	positive	outlet
service	thank you for meeting my burrito needs , esp when i am hungover . bless you taco pedaler . bless you .	positive	parapsychology
service	a real life version of borges' library of babel . enter at your own risk .	positive	existence
service	love everything about orange theory , great coaches , great environment , clean and always inspired for a great workout !	positive	exertion
service	food was great and order was accurate . but the burger arrives cold , so need to microwave it before eating .	positive	substance
service	this place is much better than dragon star hands down ! chicken wings and crab ragoons are boom boom .	positive	poultry
service	notorious pig was delicious as was the green bean casserole . one of my favorite bbq sandwiches i've ever had .	positive	dish
service	the staff at sydney's is amazing ! every time i go elsewhere for a gel manicure i regret it .	positive	personnel
service	highly recommend this place ! we got the oysters , cauliflower , red trout and grilled avacado .	positive	fish
service	just your local bad ass knife store . much more than just knives . also , the only place to go for sharpening .	positive	outlet
service	love the coconut curry extra extra spicy . the garlic naan is a must ! i can eat this everyday .	positive	bread
service	gotta ask for james . simply the best ! the portions are huge and the ribs are fantastic .	positive	support
service	this place makes authentic indian food . it is a neighborhood gem .	positive	substance
service	i had the grilled chicken , fries , tea . it was delicious . historically significant atlanta diner . will be back again .	positive	poultry
service	i finally tried something new and had the burger melt today . it was killer ! sooo good ! perfection !	positive	mortal
service	great place ! friendly staff and inviting clean atmosphere . awesome smoothies and avocado toast !	positive	personnel
service	only popped in for a cappuccino but can say it was excellent ! ambience is good as well . lovely staff .	positive	personnel
service	love this place ! great neighborhood coffee shop . good atmosphere , great coffee . spruce juice is my favorite !	positive	beverage
service	they have the best pork tenderloin you've ever eaten and let's not forget the great bartenders .	positive	meat
service	i love this place . delicious , cheap , friendly , neighborhood y , fresh veggies . perfection .	positive	section
service	always great food . when i am homesick that's where i get my puerto rican food great prices awesome portions	positive	value
service	lots of places to sit . kids like the carpeted area .	positive	juvenile
service	great bartenders and staff . great place fore adults to unwind as well . love this place and half price games wednesdays	positive	personnel
service	lovely experience . nice staff and highly competent dental treatment . i strongly recommend .	positive	personnel
service	super fun covid friendly activity ! john the owner is amazing ! will for sure be going back	positive	businessman
service	great hotel ! very clean and very friendly staff . it's convenient to the cruise port .	positive	personnel
service	had a flat bread and beer here kinda noisy and didn't have any reception inside , but nice place .	positive	brew
service	the meatball sub is the best around ! also the lemon cake was really good ! i will definitely eat here again !	positive	sandwich
service	great food with great prices . i really enjoy this little hidden gem in the village . the food is consistently good .	positive	value
service	all of the staff members are so friendly ! next time you want coffee , get jt to make you something	positive	personnel
service	fantastic ramen . great broth , delicious egg , clean environment , friendly staff . couldn't ask for a better meal .	positive	personnel
service	love this place ! the juice selection is amazing and they are very tasty . check it out !	positive	foodstuff
service	always got the mopac and loved it every time .	positive	instance
service	garbage place and horrible staff i'd stay away , the staff is incredibly rude and one of the chefs incredibly sexist .	negative	personnel
service	had good latin music on saturday night but cover charge was a rip off .	negative	attack
service	tired tired tired excuse for a beauty supply . prices are ridiculous and selection is limited . never going back .	negative	value
service	i'm sorry i posted this to the wrong golden dynasty . please delete this review .	negative	assessment
service	they don't have a good selection of wearable or in style items .	negative	component
service	the food is good , people are nice , but it is surprisingly expensive .	negative	substance
service	they over charge despite of the customers . they don't give a damn about their customers . they need to close	negative	consumer
service	your typical sit down strip mall tex mex diner . nothing special . not bike friendly .	negative	eater
service	not much a buffet ! selections are limited , and there isn't any good dishes . very disappointed ! just don't go !	negative	crockery
service	worst company ever ! they will look the way to not pay you . stay away from this scam company !	negative	establishment
service	do not come here . it continues to be terrible all raw burgers . they don't cook their burgers at all .	negative	go
service	what is the concept ? just too much going on with no real concept . or . just poorly executed	negative	idea
service	tried the new york steaks . they were tough as shoe leather . very dissatisfied . i won't return .	negative	footwear
service	ordered the chicken parmesan and mushroom ravioli last night and it came with a side helping of food poisoning . ugh .	negative	poultry
service	got the runs from eating this barbq . rudy's is just as good and never a wait .	negative	score
service	cashier went from the cash register to packaging ppls food without changing gloves . with sweat dripping from her fore head .	negative	currency
service	worst place imaginable to pick up food if you are delivering for postmates , uber eats . disorganized and unprofessional .	negative	substance
service	my crab rangoons didn't had almost no cheese in them . the pad thai was not flavored well	negative	asian
service	gross . super bland . wouldn't recommend . soup just tasted like broth . rice just taste like soy sauce . worst of the worst	negative	soup
service	a little snooty and they couldn't find seating for two despite ten open tables . must have been my flip flops	negative	array
service	staff very unfriendly and very inhospitable . room very dirty , needs painting . human hair everywhere . mold all over tub . mattress stained .	negative	personnel
service	underwhelming , incredibly so . overpriced food that wasn't very good , got my order wrong and overcharged me . won't be going back .	negative	substance
service	still haven't heard from anyone regarding terrible attitude and or wrong hours posted online .	negative	knowledge
service	our crew has moved on . was fun while it lasted but we're up at the regal beagle now . go birds .	negative	hound
service	i got pad thai and found hair on the noodles . the water tasted bad . i won't go here again .	negative	pasta
service	like their breakfast , but forgot that they are not good at big drive thru orders	negative	meal
service	good music but that's about it . pretty dark , terrible ventilation . wouldn't recommend the salmon . very dry . probably wouldn't come back .	negative	improvement
service	the haircut was fine but my stylist oyuky was incredibly rude . i don't plan on going back to this location .	negative	coiffure
service	safe drivers , they are not . professional drivers shouldn't be running red lights , especially when there's traffic .	negative	actinic_ray
service	most overrated place ever . very pretentious and trying to be earthy .	negative	point
service	not very good . having left the restaurant a while ago , i have a strange aftertaste . i will not be returning .	negative	building
service	it was not what i expected , think for the kind of food that is served it's a bit overpriced .	negative	substance
service	frequent minute waits due to lack of available stylists . usually one . weekends they might have two .	negative	artist
service	cool environment . average coffee and food . overpriced for what it is . i've had much better .	negative	beverage
service	do yourself a huge favor and don't ever consider moving here . the staff is nice but not helpful .	negative	personnel
service	empty shelves , old meat with molds . not a returning customer .	negative	consumer
service	don't use them on a corporate level . they cannot keep the billing straight .	negative	property
service	food is bad but portions are enormous . annoying owner wants to shake your hand when you leave .	negative	substance
service	i wish there was negative stars . horrible horrible horrible . wf should be wtf .	negative	desire
service	the food is ok , but the place is so nasty ! i wouldn't come back again !	negative	substance
service	are you kidding me ? i know closing time but no mild or corn salsa ? wtf ! ? ! ? !	negative	condiment
service	horrible horrible horrible stay away . i am regreting every single minute	negative	unit_of_time
service	trending down . once comfy , now messy leaning towards a little stinky .	negative	bend
service	very long line for the drive thru that took four score and seven years for a blasted taco .	negative	rating
service	don't go here ! they glued my eyelashes to my eyelids . i tried to call them and never heard back !	negative	hair
service	it seems the pizza was made with a ready to use frozen dough . very disappointing and expensive .	negative	dish
service	worst sushi i've had in vancouver . rice is always overcooked and the vegetarian selection , even for noodles , is poor .	negative	pasta
service	this bank sucks . gone for years and trying to sue me for some thing i never owed them .	negative	side
service	average food and i did not feel well after . definitely over priced . nice ambiance .	negative	substance
service	seems like a lot of work to be so indifferent to your customers . eye contact is so .	negative	consumer
place	best fried green tomatoes ever ! friendly staff and owner . great atmosphere , food and drinks . i would highly recommend it .	positive	personnel
place	the staff and always smiling and helpful . their food is amazing . definitely recommend trying their food !	positive	personnel
place	good people . friendly staff . pizza is tasty . it works . nothing fancy . a little pricey but it beats the chains .	positive	personnel
place	lynn can pour some drinks ! super friendly and fast service ! we appreciate the breakfast cocktails !	positive	meal
place	i've gone to oodles for a long time . i've gotten nothing but a warm reception , and great food .	positive	greeting
place	great ambiance , love the honi honi and we also had calamari , which was absolutely amazing with flavor ! definitely a must !	positive	seafood
place	the views were incredible . i forgot i was there to eat . staff was very knowledgable and attentive !	positive	personnel
place	mouthgasma a little disappointed they ran out of ribs , but everything else they had was on point ! sooooooo good !	positive	support
place	delicious ice cream . lots of flavors . open during winter . delivery . what can go wrong with that ?	positive	season
place	try the dry hot pot . ! if spicy is your thing .	positive	cookware
place	soooo yummy ! i had homemade granola and lemon ricotta pancakes . delish !	positive	cheese
place	dubs food is incredible . he really puts his love into his craft . cool atmosphere , great staff , and incredible food	positive	personnel
place	good chinese food , especially the dumplings and some noodle dishes .	positive	crockery
place	tasty and filling . not my favorite musubi , but the teriyaki was good . food came fast .	positive	substance
place	hapa was amazing food w an incredibly cool staff . very polite and real great experience .	positive	personnel
place	holy cow the best meatball sub ! between the homemade bread and amazing meatballs . im sold ! i'll be back for sure !	positive	sandwich
place	good service , great food very friendly people ! donuts are customizable , every single one we got was delicious .	positive	substance
place	aaaaaamazing egg sandwiches ! and the devil eggs are not to miss ! the owner's kind of hot , too !	positive	ovum
place	good food , my favorites are the chips salsa and the flauta and the steak taco .	positive	mexican
place	don't ever change . we loved dinner tonight , thanks for keeping austin they way it should be !	positive	meal
place	delicious ! on time takout . naan and aboo gobi were delicious , lots of vegetarian options .	positive	bread
place	best whole foods market i've been in , including usa locations	positive	substance
place	disproportionate amount of dudes . not a complaint , just a statement .	positive	man
place	the absolute best in boulder county ! i've used them for heating , ac , and electrical issues . honest and dependable !	positive	rock
place	best wings in portland ! i shall return !	positive	way
place	lovely . wonderful service , excellent food , truly indulgent our group of had the couch seating !	positive	room
place	really fantastic waffle combinations , and well curated shows in the gallery in back . also big garage door window bar !	positive	aggregation
place	the best bookstore on the west coast . everyone needs to go here	positive	shore
place	everytime donna lucia's staff takes their time and is on time . qinderful service . their eyebrow procedure is unbelievable great .	positive	personnel
place	great service and delish food ! was very accommodating to my gluten allergy and reasonably priced . highly recommend !	positive	substance
place	perfect authentic catalan food , good service , friendly chef ! wish they would add cargolls to the menu catalan snails .	positive	cook
place	mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ! so ya really good . it's small and limited and not easy but worth your effort . highly recommend .	positive	activity
place	fast ! pizzas cook very quickly . maybe mins . pizzas are good but the wings are very rubbery . overall good	positive	dish
place	i've been going to dots diner for years . never had a bad meal ! the absolute best biscuits and gravy .	positive	sustenance
place	so much beer . so much chicken . what else do you need , for real . love the recent makeover , too .	positive	poultry
place	elite great awesome fun outstanding good time try it out atlanta street food festival and so much more	positive	thoroughfare
place	amazing ! best part was our bartender chandre . she recommended great drinks try the bloody mary ! and delicious food .	positive	employee
place	amazing customer service , great international finds , and delicious food . this is the best grocery store in portland .	positive	consumer
place	best customer service , best food , best portions , and cleanest moe's i've ever been to	positive	consumer
place	hands down the best lunch buffet near atlanta . my fav ! i'll drive minutes for it . worth it .	positive	meal
place	amazing food , great ambiance and solid staff . cash only but definitely worth it . love the local culture in north end .	positive	personnel
place	excellent breakfast ! clean , healthy keto friendly . thanks to sherry for preparing this perfect start to our day !	positive	beginning
place	staff was great and food was awesome . loved the free homemade ice cream .	positive	personnel
place	exceptional food in an 'interesting' setting . recommend the following ranked scallops app , duck l'orange , indian lamb and garlic shrimp .	positive	substance
place	had a really nice experience . all food was excellent ! especially loved the braised short ribs .	positive	substance
place	great restaurant . the classic dishes are the best . we had breakfast and lunch . dishes on both menu were good .	positive	crockery
place	incredibly relaxing foot massage ! definitely put me in a relaxed state minutes is all you need	positive	treatment
place	went with my mom and had a delightful time . our tea was delicious and the food was wonderful .	positive	mother
place	good burgers , but especially the shroom burger . great alternative to the normal beefy special .	positive	deciding
place	the best pizza in danvers by far , well run business , reasonable prices .	positive	enterprise
place	beef was tough , phad thai was pretty good . overall nothing special .	negative	cows
place	terrible customer service . felt very pressured , and the owner lied to me . would not recommend to anyone .	negative	consumer
place	dissapointingly sugared pumpernickel bread . americans suck at black bread , and this is a prime example .	negative	starches
place	huge line and american sized in original style pasta . save your time and money and eat at home .	negative	abode
place	terrible service , excessively long waits . worse , pizza dough raw several times . nwont go back .	negative	dish
place	weak ass soup . very disappointed . much better noodle soups to be found . sliders looked good though .	negative	pasta
place	stole my money and material ! currently taking them to court !	negative	substance
place	i will say the owner contacted me and was very sweet and refunded me my money for the haircut .	negative	coiffure
place	they aren't answering their phone after hanging up on me . they didn't deliver multiple items i paid for .	negative	component
place	extremely disrespectful way of talking to customers . they yell first and ask questions later . do not order .	negative	consumer
place	it's diner food . it's fine , but don't believe because there's a line that it's worth the wait .	negative	substance
place	terrible ! jonathan is a pompous ass ! don't waste your time !	negative	body_part
place	horrible people with nasty arrogant attitudes work here . managers included .	negative	administrator
place	yes horrible customer service . will rob you blind	negative	consumer
place	i no longer bring my son there . they were getting sneaky with how they bill patients .	negative	sufferer
place	the quality of their cloths is horrible as is their return policy . will never shop at this company again .	negative	attribute
place	bagels are better in hingham . this location has different bagels and they are not good .	negative	object
place	closed earlier than published . wasted trip . failed important plans relying on unaccountable employees .	negative	journeying
place	super unprofessional owner , yelling at employees in front of customers is no way to run a business .	negative	enterprise
place	very very very bad restaurant nothing nice , the food was horrible it's the worst experience for me	negative	substance
place	terrible service , dirty glasses that actually stunk . waited minutes for coffee . food minimal . bad presentation	negative	beverage
place	they are useless ! never show up to check the building but always try to squeeze our money for repairing !	negative	construction
place	star because i ubered from my hotel only to find the location closed for renovations .	negative	improvement
place	fucking shit hole with great music and dickheaded bartenders that don't know a shooter from a shot	negative	employee
place	food was good , but portion is very small , especially for the price . the oxtail soup was total disappointment .	negative	value
place	reminds me of the bars blanche would frequent to pick up men on the golden girls .	negative	woman
place	customer service is poor . i love target thought . go to the lenox location for better service and clean store .	negative	consumer
place	found a bug on my pineapple drink . no sorry and lack of a response from the waitress who we informed .	negative	waiter
place	the worst , most unprofessional , rude cab company i've ever used . won't call them again .	negative	establishment
place	we waited for so long . a party walked in who apparently knew the owners got seated right away .	negative	businessman
place	appeared closed mid afternoon on tuesday , oct th . large 'jesus is the antidote' banner over door .	negative	daytime
place	worst gel manicure ever . the nail tech was on the phone the whole time . poor customer service won't return .	negative	consumer
place	they have great seafood , but their steak is terrible . and they customer service follow up isn't any better .	negative	consumer
place	it was ok . the service was fine but the food was just so so .	negative	substance
place	ordered orders for takeout . no eating utensils or napkins . guess we'll just scoop with our hands	negative	safekeeping
place	worst restaurant ever . food is trash unless you be drunk you'll be ok , save your money go somewhere else .	negative	substance
place	this bank has the worst customer service ! i think there might be only one person working at this bank .	negative	consumer
place	food tastes great , but portions are not worth the price . service absolutely terrible .	negative	value
place	came during lunch break . very very slow . food was just ok . our order got messed up after waiting for minutes .	negative	meal
place	way overpriced , small portion , bad service , you will regret !	negative	work
place	went there for lunch . expensive , tiny portions . service was slow and not attentive . try harder next time .	negative	meal
place	i cannot believe this clerk is still there ! he clearly hates his job and life in general . horrible customer service .	negative	existence
place	pizza tasted a bit like metal maybe cooked with older equipment . wouldn't order again . slice was soggy in the middle .	negative	element
place	fyi , mti responded today , almost years later . great customer service , good thing i was anticipating less than nothing	negative	consumer
place	if cold doughnuts , long lines and selfie taking tourists are your thing , be my guest .	negative	visitor
place	terrible customer service by all staff . would not recommend . spend your money elsewhere .	negative	personnel
place	garbage . sugar trash . sundae is just whipped cream . , . go somewhere else .	negative	sweetener
place	went here with family and friends . slow and rude host , slow service , cold food . not worth the time .	negative	substance
place	besides the whole racist homophobic issue , the food just isn't that good .	negative	substance
place	my dads a fisherman , ive had halibut just about every way imaginable . absolutely nothing above average except the prices here .	negative	father
staff	excellent , hot quiche loraine , tomato basil soup and cranberry walnut salad ! yummmmmm excellent service !	positive	herb
staff	fabulous service and food . the beetroot cake was the highlight of the dinner . would love to come back again	positive	meal
staff	my favorite mexican restaurant in columbus . so sad i no longer live close .	positive	building
staff	good drinks , quick bartenders . spacious , doesn't feel over crowded . good carribean music all night	positive	awareness
staff	i think this is the best japanese steak house in the columbus area . i especially like the lunch prices .	positive	abode
staff	great thai ! the food is always consistently good unlike other restaurants in the area that are sometimes hard to predict !	positive	asian
staff	great place for date night or first date . great service and wonderful food	positive	day
staff	went to the cafe in terminal st awesome sandwiches get the tator tots too can't go wrong here	positive	eatery
staff	fantastic especially in june when the wild sockeye salmon is in . nothing special about the atmosphere just incredible mouth watering recipes	positive	salmon
staff	amazing food great price , i got the chicken bbq , sooo tender ! i'll be back . service was friendly and quick	positive	poultry
staff	i love this place . new things all the time . fun to look around you never know what you'll find .	positive	instance
staff	i've been to the oat shop three times and i would honestly go more often if it's in boston .	positive	cereal
staff	fun fantastic ! fresh tasty . will definitely come back . gluten free thai bowl rocks !	positive	asian
staff	loved the drinks and the cozy atmosphere ! super convenient and on my way home from work ! dangerous	positive	abode
staff	good grooming place . nice things they have to sell . leave your wallet somewhere not easy to reach !	positive	case
staff	fine bkfast , very fast and delicious . a bit pricey though . the servings were generous .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
staff	great quality coffee , with amazing customer service ! one of my favorite spots in portland !	positive	consumer
staff	i love the all you can eat special . one of my favorites is the dynamite roll . very fast service !	positive	work
staff	great food . great service . a little pricy for the decor , but the food is wonderful . great vegetarian and vegan options .	positive	ornamentation
staff	amazing food ! amazing service ! david and corey made us feel like we were home in lucca ! cosi buono !	positive	abode
staff	i've always loved it . great selection of stores and restaurants and tons of events always happening .	positive	outlet
staff	yum ! first time here and the veggie pesto polenta bowl is amazing ! what a pleasant surprise .	positive	astonishment
staff	great food all the time . you ask for spicy , they make it spicy . reasonable pricing for great food !	positive	valuation
staff	really friendly service , delicious blend of thai and vietnamese cuisines and a colorful inside . great new addition go newbury !	positive	cookery
staff	food , service , hospitality , vibe all very good . oysters , curdo , salmon , blue crab pasta	positive	atmosphere
staff	we love this place . service at lunch is fast despite the crowds . a great local spot !	positive	meal
staff	great service ! bagel with nova was delicious and the coffee was hot and fresh , would definitely come back !	positive	beverage
staff	smooth , robust latte . perfectly brewed drip coffee . superior atmosphere . great baristas . overall , an ideal saturday morning coffee spot !	positive	espresso
staff	good burgers and amazing custard with smiling faces . that is all . just go try it .	positive	dish
staff	do yourself a favor and try this place ! i've never seen such beautiful plating and it's all so tasty !	positive	coating
staff	food was pretty good , portions were generous , and service was quick ! inventive drink specials .	positive	substance
staff	great food and service . gluten free menu is available . our food was fresh and came out quickly .	positive	substance
staff	always reliable great pizza ! they are so nice here too and their jojos are the best !	positive	dish
staff	this place has too much stuff . you'll spend hours going through it all	positive	substance
staff	love this spot . great food , drinks , and place to watch sports games . go to spot in southie .	positive	recreation
staff	it was really good . the food is always on point . i enjoy this place every time i go there .	positive	substance
staff	excellent place to have breakfast . fast , friendly , home town cooking ! food was awesome ! first class !	positive	abode
staff	delicious food , super healthy yet still flavorful , great even for those of us who aren't vegan , and great customer service !	positive	consumer
staff	everything good to say . professional , friendly , good value , clean and excellent food . will be back .	positive	substance
staff	fantastic greek salad . just add some chicken and or meat , and you will reach nirvana !	positive	poultry
staff	food was excellent ! it was plentiful and tasty . best hash browns i've ever had . definite must try !	positive	substance
staff	good food d yummy yum nom friendly atmosphere good service and most importantly the ramen is delishhhh !	positive	substance
staff	love it ! i felt i was in france eating some crepes and drinking the real apple cider ! i recommend it !	positive	beverage
staff	had a great salad with wonderful roasted veggies including tiny asparagus . duck confit was so good also !	positive	dish
staff	love this place . recommend sitting at the bar if there is just two . fantastic experience .	positive	education
staff	customer service is fantastic ! very attentive and personable waiters that make sure you are a happy diner . love the salsa .	positive	consumer
staff	this apartment complex is the perfect location from downtown ! i truly enjoyed my stay here . great friendly atmosphere .	positive	housing
staff	best prices in town for hoodies and tshirts ! same designs as the more expensive touristy stores .	positive	municipality
staff	the owner knows his coffee and the food is excellent . very cozy atmosphere .	positive	beverage
staff	love the sandwiches here and the fact that it's so close to my job . great customer service too !	positive	consumer
staff	worst imitation banh mi sandwich i ever had . only thing authentic was the french bread .	negative	starches
staff	worst wings ever . bad tv set up . bathrooms disgusting .	negative	broadcasting
staff	garbage . frozen vegetables , tasteless brown glop , soggy hijiki . poor even for the price .	negative	value
staff	this place is not good . there is no taste and it's really greasy . doesn't even taste like chinese	negative	sinitic
staff	nachos were awful . wings were eh . chowder was good . was definitely overpriced , should of went across the street to turners .	negative	thoroughfare
staff	service was bad food was even worse . i recommend tommy doyle's next door .	negative	substance
staff	broth was luke warm and noodles were only half cooked . pretty disappointing for bucks .	negative	soup
staff	what gas station doesn't sale lottery ? texan market is so much better much friendlier employees	negative	selling
staff	reason for the star . hated the food . tried different dishes and all three were subpar !	negative	crockery
staff	wowie . this was super cheesy for our taste . and we like kitsch . some people seemed to like it . we boolted .	negative	art
staff	ordered delivery from this place . specifically asked for plates , they didn't bring it .	negative	transport
staff	warning credit card fraud . they changed my tip amount . reported to corporate and to my bank .	negative	paper
staff	terrible food . had to throw it away . ordered the steak sandwich and it tasted horrible	negative	substance
staff	for a small chicken pho ? ! ? it was ok , but i left feeling ripped off . and hungry .	negative	poultry
staff	chocolate cannoli not at all impressive . terrible , rude service . and they don't accept credit cards . definitely won't be back .	negative	approval
staff	their front desk is probably one of the worst . every order waits significant time to make . one man kitchen .	negative	table
staff	not very good . big fried food . lots of barbecue flavoring . too much bread . too little flavor . extremely small dining area .	negative	eating
staff	if cold doughnuts , long lines and selfie taking tourists are your thing , be my guest .	negative	visitor
staff	terrible food . the tri tip sandwich was more fat than actual meat . fries were nothing special . long wait .	negative	tater
staff	st time to getting anything here and there is a long black hair in my lunch ! i'm not going back !	negative	meal
staff	the food was good but once again we didn't get our complete order . check your bag before you leave .	negative	container
staff	dont bother . way overpriced for quality croissants are chewy bread , not flaky , and the coffee is watery and flavorless .	negative	beverage
staff	the hamburgers were really dry , thin and overcooked . go elsewhere if you want a good burger . i recommend graffiti burger .	negative	sandwich
staff	horrible service . had to leave . be careful ! restaurant wasn't even busy . waited minutes before waiter came to table .	negative	array
staff	awful . don't even bother . totally do half ass cleans . not worth it .	negative	body_part
staff	get the froyo forget the cupcakes that come in a mansion jar they're super dry hard .	negative	part
staff	waited min . no waiter , no water , no menu , no service . was only full . needless to say i left .	negative	liquid
staff	the food was good . but we waited for our check for over minutes . seriously worst service ever !	negative	substance
staff	rude family run business . bad customer service . rips people off a lot would not recommend unless you want a headache .	negative	enterprise
staff	i'm too devastated to share my story , but i will never allow them to touch another one of my pets . ever !	negative	animal
staff	keri did extractions on my face that left deep indentations on my skin . really disappointed .	negative	connective_tissue
staff	not great . ranch and blue cheese were drippy i wouldn't recommend this place . to anyone .	negative	farm
staff	beware ! the owners have very bad attitude . they act like they are doing you a favor if you eat there .	negative	businessman
staff	horrible service . piss poor management . food quality has deteriorated tremendously !	negative	substance
staff	cold . soggy chimichanga . bland . i read the reviews in here and clearly no one knows what flavor is . huge disappointment .	negative	assessment
staff	owner and dr martin expressed an inflexible attitude toward my unique circumstances .	negative	businessman
staff	tourist spot . food wasn't that great . a little over priced bar food .	negative	traveler
staff	worst kfc taco bell ever ! truly unbelievable ! avoid ! extremely slow , incorrect orders , dirty , just bad !	negative	signaling_device
staff	bland food , bleak atmosphere , slow service , high prices , made me mildly ill . nope .	negative	value
staff	there are a lot of burger kings to choose from . just don't choose this one .	negative	monarch
staff	slowest worst service i've ever seen at a jambajuice . rude employee , and the smoothie was not that great .	negative	worker
staff	i'm really disappointed in the balayage i had done here , i don't think i would actually consider it balayage .	negative	think
staff	frequent minute waits due to lack of available stylists . usually one . weekends they might have two .	negative	artist
staff	disappointing . kiosks of cheap goods fast food and no real restaurants . a good idea that has fizzled .	negative	substance
staff	come here for burnt fried green beans and smelly grilled chicken . slow service is at no extra charge .	negative	poultry
staff	that stripper with the 'daddy' tramp stamp in portland said namaste after she slapped her ass on my steak .	negative	body_part
staff	very unprofessional service and continuously tried to include additional charges that were not agreed upon . these people are scammers .	negative	work
staff	does not have employees to cover all orders , place is not updated at technology , terrible bathroom	negative	worker
staff	this is fast food thai . save your money and go to top spice for a really delicious meal .	negative	sustenance
staff	cute clothes but way overpriced ! saw the price tags and for the level of quality not worth it .	negative	clothing
time	love the coconut curry extra extra spicy . the garlic naan is a must ! i can eat this everyday .	positive	bread
time	my eyebrows haven't looked this perfect in awhile ! highly recommend to people looking for a new threading home !	positive	abode
time	lovely place , liege waffles were soft and chewy as it should be , owner is pleasant . fine tea selection , strawberry and apple was my favorite	positive	beverage
time	place is nice . food is good . prices are too high for me . i'm guessing it's the location .	positive	value
time	flying biscuit is kinda weird but in the best way . their servers are cool . it's a chill breakfast brunch spot .	positive	meal
time	fantastic recipes , great service , lovely ambiance . just love the place !	positive	work
time	very friendly and knowledgeable staff . they did great work and it was less expensive than i thought it would be .	positive	personnel
time	love this place and rob the bartender , always ask when he's available because he's the absolute best !	positive	employee
time	stumbled upon arbor lodge and was so happy to have found this coffee spot . delicious coffee , and great service .	positive	beverage
time	great place now in my top of austin brew pubs , a close second to pinthouse .	positive	intoxicant
time	much better after sales help than overstated jordan furniture they stand behind there promise ther extra year warranty	positive	furnishing
time	excellent service . bison burger really flavorful and juicy . employees very nice and helpful .	positive	worker
time	baby as famous purple margs did not disappoint . adan was our server and was absolutely incredible . loved it .	positive	child
time	fantastic food and atmosphere . beautiful bar . something for everyone in this classy and fun urban spot .	positive	substance
time	the food and waitress were great ! i had the salmon etiquette with smothered potatoes . i will visit again .	positive	waiter
time	friendly and knowledgeable employee ! very sweet drinks . we tried the original and extra both had a lemon zesty finish .	positive	worker
time	excellent food . ag was great a suggesting dishes . taste was fabulous the naughty naan awesome . will be back .	positive	crockery
time	excellent customer service . went to have a picture framed and bill was very helpful !	positive	consumer
time	simply scrumptious ! great people running the shop was a breathe of fresh air . also try the pineapple upside down !	positive	gas
time	lynn can pour some drinks ! super friendly and fast service ! we appreciate the breakfast cocktails !	positive	meal
time	so much beer . so much chicken . what else do you need , for real . love the recent makeover , too .	positive	poultry
time	cute cafe to grab a quick bite with friends family ! nice atmosphere and service . definitely would recommend .	positive	eatery
time	great burgers , crispy fries , and incredible frappes . on top of that incredibly friendly people working there and a great ambiance .	positive	tater
time	fast reliable friendly service good middle eastern food what is there to dislike ?	positive	substance
time	great food , amazing beer selection from all over the world . valet parking available and it is complementary .	positive	brew
time	great seafood , not a big fan of the cajun seasonings , but just my preference . the food is still good though .	positive	ingredient
time	group of last night at artu . food , service , wine all excellent . bolognese was knee buckling .	positive	alcohol
time	great place for a simple but tasty breakfast sandwich . nice outdoor seating , no crowd , no waits , good breakfast sandwich .	positive	meal
time	great for lunch , too loud for dinner . excellent food and friendly bartenders . a little drafty at the bar .	positive	meal
time	love this bakery ! their treats are always delicious and fresh	positive	shop
time	this guy went out of his way to help me . thank you alvin . honest and good quality service .	positive	man
time	good service . had the ziti pasta and it was tasty . a bit too salty but otherwise great .	positive	pasta
time	super busy . great service . great cuts . little pricey . only shop i'll go too . ask for misty .	positive	work
time	best bbq i'ave ever had , long line but it's totally worth it	positive	formation
time	went there for lunch . it was cheap for all i could eat . a lot of foods , loved it .	positive	meal
time	the best friendly , personable , accommodating , and total professionals .	positive	grownup
time	did not disappoint ! i had the lobster scramble and it was delicious ! the service was impeccable !	positive	shellfish
time	great place for wifi and a coffee near the canada line .	positive	beverage
time	fab caesar salad . great duck . actually , perhaps the best duck ever . cinnamon mouse puff to die for .	positive	rodent
time	one of my favorite brunch places in cambridge . it is very affordable and the art is always a conversation piece .	positive	portion
time	great place to stop in for frites and a duvel on a cold afternoon . excellent service . great atmosphere .	positive	daytime
time	amarillo burger and oz chicken sandwich are great . the music is nice as well	positive	poultry
time	never had tapas style food until i ate there . good portions for small plates ! so good !	positive	substance
time	love this practice , been going there my whole life . parking is easy , as is check in . i recommend .	positive	existence
time	love the clothes i got here . basics with style .	positive	clothing
time	very clean well stocked , quality food not too crowded . loved it were food snobs	positive	substance
time	love their banana leaf wrapped tamales , and you cannot go wrong with their table side made guacamole .	positive	array
time	really good quality food combined with a cool atmosphere .	positive	substance
time	aj and edward were knowledgable and informative . great central location , great ambiance .	positive	object
time	very meh . standard beer selection . food was okay . nothing special about the atmosphere . service was good .	negative	brew
time	good atmosphere but falls way short on food . let's be frank , double the meat or shave some of that bun .	negative	food
time	why wait in line when you can get take out and eat on the street corner . same thing .	negative	thoroughfare
time	anyone who advertises on the jerry springer show probably isn't the lawyer you want . just sayin' .	negative	professional
time	use to be a big fan . after the remodel , parking awful food just doesn't seem to be as good .	negative	change
time	worst kfc taco bell ever ! truly unbelievable ! avoid ! extremely slow , incorrect orders , dirty , just bad !	negative	signaling_device
time	to dry clean a ladies winter coat ? i might as well buy a new one .	negative	season
time	shitty store with worst employees . jc penney is like the worst place to buy any clothes	negative	clothing
time	treated as a nuisance . do not recommend . plenty of other nice steak houses that will treat you with respect .	negative	habitation
time	if you like plastic people , rude staff and over priced mediocre small portion food . this is your place !	negative	personnel
time	close the doors . rude waitstaff . cooks quit . aaa ssdbdbcjcjcjcjcjcjcjfjdhdbd ddbdhdhdjx	negative	skilled_worker
time	worst pedicure ever , overpriced , not as described on website . didn't last even a week .	negative	computer
time	terrible customer service . would not allow my family to take one picture . rude . my one star was an over statement .	negative	consumer
time	if you'd like to get treated like a disease instead of getting treated , you should definitely go here .	negative	illness
time	we've been ruth chris regulars for years . no more . service was sub par , food almost inedible . so disappointing	negative	substance
time	this place is not good . there is no taste and it's really greasy . doesn't even taste like chinese	negative	sinitic
time	closed . they are buffalo wild wings now . much better . much tastier . want breasts ? cross the street to stars .	negative	thoroughfare
time	decent effort . great meat flavor but the bread was not fresh	negative	food
time	horrible customer service , the products weren't fresh and the cashier is ignorant . i would never come here again	negative	commodity
time	food was decent . service was slow . the server dropped the food in my lap .	negative	thigh
time	the melting pot is an expensive way to eat bad food and leave hungry . avoid this gimmicky mess .	negative	warming
time	yeah , ah no good , chicken saltimboca , medalions of chicken it's a whole breast , tough , not good . way too expensive .	negative	poultry
time	what is going on at omni ? their shelves are getting barer by the day . sad .	negative	support
time	wrong price advertised on signs . annoying . would have gone elsewhere if i'd known . won't be back .	negative	value
time	iding cash deposits every single day , never enough people working , bad service . trying to get my company to switch .	negative	currency
time	looks like the good ratings are bought . traveling from st . pete and looking up reviews of various restaurant .	negative	assessment
time	depressing zoo . it's sad to see the animals like this .	negative	organism
time	not sure what the hype is about . mediocre american chinese food . unfortunately , the only thing i enjoyed was the fortune cookie .	negative	cake
time	bombay cafe is the good restaurant . just does not has sugar in their food but taste is good .	negative	sweetener
time	i've seen their drivers run stop signs in our neighborhood . please don't use them	negative	finish
time	place sucked ! it smelled like throw up and it remided me of a th st bar ut students go to .	negative	time
time	chhicken , chicken dumplings , pork fried rice . all tasted like poop	negative	feces
time	finish reading this and search for another car wash . the place and service were terrible !	negative	work
time	double cheese bacon burger sub was disgusting . not even sure what i was eaten .	negative	food
time	ordered a chicken poor boy . barely any chicken and the sandwich looked as though it was crushed .	negative	poultry
time	called ahead to make sure they were open . answering machine assured us they were . got there . closed . so irresponsible !	negative	device
time	very slow service and tiny portion sizes . for ribs and a side of potato salad !	negative	dish
time	overpriced small portions of sub par halibut left me telling myself i'll never go back .	negative	flatfish
time	awful customer service , crazy owner who attacked my character after i had complaints . never again !	negative	consumer
time	horrific . don't even recommend for a low key drink . will be a poor experience . service condescending and rude .	negative	serving
time	awful food . if you aren't into gaming , there isn't anything else here . we came accidentally and won't be back .	negative	recreation
time	not sure what to say when there's hair in my food . i'm a regular here but maybe not anymore	negative	substance
time	big curly black hairs in my burrito , inside the burrito ! insidee . to die uh'reah for	negative	dish
time	don't get your wedding cake here . we went there to sample most popular flavors all so artificial and sickly sweet .	negative	ceremony
time	worst steak ever asking for medium well and get a well done steak and the steak is way to salty	negative	cut
time	went by saturday , jan . th , pm , and they were closed . grrrr . saturday afternoon in harvard sq and they're closed ! ?	negative	daytime
time	never again blackbird . you've lost about her loyal customer .	negative	consumer
time	bad service . understaffed . slow . i will not return to this location . not the service you expect from chang's .	negative	work
time	perhaps something died in the batch of oyo vodka i sampled . fermented gym socks	negative	liquor
time	gross . my husband got food poisoning from the brisket taco . will never go again . overrated anyway .	negative	spouse
customer	ramen was great , just a bit pricey .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
customer	i love fred meyer . this is a really convienent location to me . staff memebers are always very curtious and friendly	positive	personnel
customer	this is my go to for coffee on my lunch break , or a late night lyric session . get the chai latte !	positive	meal
customer	friendly staff . didn't know they had baby classes here . a lot of options on baby gear .	positive	personnel
customer	great bartenders and staff . great place fore adults to unwind as well . love this place and half price games wednesdays	positive	personnel
customer	i've been patient of dr . mark allara for many years now and can only praise his dedication and professionalism .	positive	faithfulness
customer	update based on a recent visit , the fries have been fixed . yay !	positive	tater
customer	the short ribs were amazing , i'm glad they ran out of the burger and i was forced into this .	positive	support
customer	excellent food . great place for group gathering . love the deck . queso is to delicious .	positive	substance
customer	great service and food ! huge menu and everything was delicious ! gyro , fajita tip wrap , and veggie rice bowl were great !	positive	starches
customer	love it ! i felt i was in france eating some crepes and drinking the real apple cider ! i recommend it !	positive	beverage
customer	great dining experience , the food was delicious and the service and atmosphere were excellent .	positive	eating
customer	the best . they installed my entire new heating system . so professional all round , quality workmanship . highly recommend this company !	positive	attainment
customer	one of my favorite malls . just miss certain places that are not here anymore like cinnabon and panera .	positive	paseo
customer	comfort vegan food at it's best ! good selection of house made kombucha too .	positive	vegetarian
customer	love this place ! great enviorment . great coffee . and a great spot to get some work done	positive	beverage
customer	very good food and service . nicely decorated . been here several times . small bit pricey .	positive	substance
customer	love going here when i'm in portland ! great options for a gf df gal like me .	positive	united_states_liquid_unit
customer	great service . excellent sushi with fresh ingredients . would recommend the spicy red dragon maki .	positive	component
customer	this place has good food . i've always been a fan . the drinks could use some work though .	positive	substance
customer	great happy hour . loveeee the space and ambiance . yummy food . pretty servers . i will be back . great bathroom selfie opportunities	positive	possibility
customer	i love voodoo doughnuts ! they have a great variety and a special atmosphere .	positive	charm
customer	great deal and excellent quality . dr . eric is my favorite . he's excellent at what he does and super friendly .	positive	attribute
customer	have been here a few times and loved it each time ! fantastic location , yummy drinks , and great tacos and guacamole .	positive	mexican
customer	man oh man ! this place is phenomenal . i can't wait to come back . i sure am impressed .	positive	pause
customer	the best cookies around ! the sugar cookies with lemon cream cheese icing are delicious .	positive	sweetener
customer	the tortilla crusted salmon was amazing . ian , the bartender was excellent . highly recommend for anyone out of town !	positive	municipality
customer	amazing food , lovely atmosphere . stars for the best waiter i've ever had !	positive	substance
customer	we thought everything about mandola's was excellent ! very fun and delicious experience !	positive	education
customer	simply scrumptious ! great people running the shop was a breathe of fresh air . also try the pineapple upside down !	positive	gas
customer	wonderful service and the food was all tremendous . try the onion tart and the cream of mushroom soup .	positive	agaric
customer	best market and 'experience' all on an island , just outside of downtown . . wow !	positive	earth
customer	nice ice creams . store is dirty though . age old dust and stains everywhere . needs a good cleaning .	positive	outlet
customer	they aren't kidding when they say 'superior sandwiches ! the shakes are awesome as well . friendly and efficient staff .	positive	personnel
customer	great food , great service simply put . one of the best happy hours in boulder .	positive	rock
customer	fantastic food and atmosphere ! parking is challenging on a weekend but very nice wait people and staff !	positive	personnel
customer	roosters is roosters ! stringtown is nice and food wings are good . waitresses are friendly . goid experience .	positive	waiter
customer	very nice place to enjoyed real food from naples italy and the service excellent . i love it	positive	substance
customer	good location , nice staff , panera always nails it .	positive	personnel
customer	pretty good food especially for the money me and my wife eat here once or twice a month	positive	spouse
customer	easy hwy access , in and out in a jiffy ! helpful staff when they're available . huge parking lot .	positive	personnel
customer	excellent food and interesting place . will be back on next visit to mount dora !	positive	substance
customer	very straight forward guys here . i would highly recommend them for routine jobs brakes , oil coolant etc .	positive	man
customer	this was a very fun experience , the zip line was amazing and all the employees were helpful and extremely friendly .	positive	worker
customer	this a cute sandwich shop ! sandwiches are good and reasonably priced . would definitely recommend to a friend .	positive	outlet
customer	dog friendly , beautiful patio s , children's playground , amazing fresh food , wonderful deserts , obsessed . magical lunch experience .	positive	canine
customer	great place to eat . my husband loves this place . he usually gets the calzone . clean , and friendly staff .	positive	personnel
customer	this place is amazing ! ask for kathy and ben ! you won't be disappointed . chamblee's best nail salon !	positive	gallery
customer	split multiple dishes with a group . all fresh , complex flavors . likely one of the best meals i have ever had .	positive	crockery
customer	yummy eggs benedict huge breakfast burrito breakfast sandwich amazing great area for puppies and kiddos	positive	dog
customer	tool way to long to make my food . really bad service . bad value . too long . too long .	negative	substance
customer	cheated on the cheese rd time . a teaspoon of cheese will not cover the meat .	negative	food
customer	don't waste your time calling dean's , just another contractor that doesn't return calls .	negative	telephony
customer	meh doughnuts . a tourist trap . fun ideas though , wish they tasted better .	negative	traveler
customer	service was horrible walked around the store times with not even a greeting . will never go back	negative	outlet
customer	if you like crappy , expensive food with the consistency of cardboard , this is the place for you !	negative	paper
customer	bad quality bad prices . kept switching technicians , very unorganized . my nails look like bubbles . not worth it !	negative	change
customer	over priced flavorless chinese food . my family had the runs after lunch at this restaurant . it ruined our epcot experience .	negative	meal
customer	really disappointed . everything was bland . meatballs had zero taste and their sauce had jo flavor	negative	condiment
customer	we started with the shrimp and mac and cheeese appetizers . we stopped there . so bland .	negative	raincoat
customer	this bad company is not yet closed by administrative and medical action , what is the bc ministry of health doing ?	negative	well-being
customer	this is buca di beppo pizza rebranded as a delivery only option . buyer beware .	negative	transport
customer	very high prices for mediocre food and poor service . sotto sotto's right down the road and is a lot better .	negative	value
customer	prices too high , male workers with attitude and no masks , food mediocre , must order rice , and i will not return .	negative	value
customer	not impressed . pretty dead . staff not real friendly . definitely not a hang out kind of place . mixed drinks . very pricey !	negative	personnel
customer	nice view of the port great location , but the food wasn't too good and took a while .	negative	substance
customer	reading this review again and i want to disclose who did my bad haircut . it was natalie .	negative	coiffure
customer	if you like your hot coffee to taste like someone's lukewarm foot , you're in luck . they've perfected this magical blend .	negative	beverage
customer	wow . impossibly slow service . for food that was really really basic . pretty awful fast food experience . that is all .	negative	substance
customer	this place is pretty bad . expect to be waiting an hour after your appointment time before you see the doctor .	negative	instance
customer	awful food . if you aren't into gaming , there isn't anything else here . we came accidentally and won't be back .	negative	recreation
customer	disappointed in how hard the crust was . not one to write reviews but will not be going back	negative	assessment
customer	my spicy nuggets were hard as a rock they looked as though they were fried in old grease smh	negative	oil
customer	do not go here if you have hsa . i now owe out of pocket . definitely not affordable .	negative	pouch
customer	the boneless wings are not wings at all but heavily breaded chunks of breast meat . blue beer was decent	negative	brew
customer	overpriced for a meh ramen . doesn't taste authentic . the staff are super friendly though .	negative	personnel
customer	three hours late four hours from the time of ordering , food arrived cold and was missing tortillas .	negative	substance
customer	terrible . lost packages , and packages they receive in the am sometimes go unacknowledged until the evening . super inconvient .	negative	daytime
customer	dogs are good need fresh buns	negative	canine
customer	we have the worst experience every time we go to this applebee's ! horrible won't ever go back there !	negative	instance
customer	tapioca pearl's dissentegrated before they even got up the straw . the tea didn't even taste that good .	negative	beverage
customer	fucking shit hole with great music and dickheaded bartenders that don't know a shooter from a shot	negative	employee
customer	the front desk guy was pretty rude to me . he was busy but didn't have to act like that	negative	man
customer	terrible food . nothing to do with chinese . service sucks .	negative	substance
customer	nasty food served by nasty people ! avoid at all costs !	negative	substance
customer	i really didn't like good the food was under seasoned and did not like the spaghetti sauce at all	negative	pasta
customer	bagels no bueno yerba mate bueno	negative	officer
customer	good local spot . a lot of people . bouncers at the front can be slow but overall good sports bar	negative	side
customer	don't do it to yourself . service is horrible . the staff responds as if you are bothering them .	negative	personnel
customer	with a groupon this is still one expensive car wash . definitely not a car detail !	negative	fact
customer	this place is mediocre wilted salad luke warm chicken . i don't get all the high marks for this place .	negative	poultry
customer	curly black hairs were in the caesar salad . told the manager and was given a clean one , no apologies .	negative	administrator
customer	cold . soggy chimichanga . bland . i read the reviews in here and clearly no one knows what flavor is . huge disappointment .	negative	assessment
customer	this motel was dirty and smelled really bad . the staff was unfriendly and rude . i do not recommend this place .	negative	personnel
customer	closed ! looks like they went out if business . website is still active but the place is closed .	negative	enterprise
customer	kinda bland burgers . great buns . we till they smash them . overpriced for what you get	negative	body_part
customer	fine , but nothing special . food was adequate , service prompt and friendly , prices a touch high for value received .	negative	value
customer	fast delivery , reasonable prices , but unremarkable pizza . skimpy on the cheese . you do just as well with domino's .	negative	transport
customer	this is a vile existence . slop on a plate . don't go here you will question humanities existence .	negative	subject
customer	nice terrace and nice view . for the rest , i'm not a cactus club fan so . you get my gist .	negative	succulent
atmosphere	tasty pizza at a good price ! i love this place !	positive	value
atmosphere	great chicago pie , even better then the real chicago pizza in chicago i've been to them so don't argue	positive	pastry
atmosphere	brilliant place . healthy food , perfect portion sizes and loved the vegan dessert	positive	substance
atmosphere	love this gym . they can work with all body types and all fitness levels . the people are friendly and open .	positive	kind
atmosphere	available parking , good craft beer	positive	brew
atmosphere	very filling , delicious food for a very reasonable price . good ambience and polite waiters . must visit again	positive	value
atmosphere	want big tasty slices on soco late at night ? come here and you won't be disappointed .	positive	portion
atmosphere	we didn't want sauce on the ribs and they totally took care of it . great staff and location	positive	personnel
atmosphere	very cool cocktails ! attention to detail was incredible . even have laser etched b in ice cubes !	positive	fact
atmosphere	amazing service . amazing food . amazing everything . absolutely loved it . i will be coming back . and will be referring	positive	substance
atmosphere	chicken with artichoke , lemon and white wine sauce was delicioso !	positive	poultry
atmosphere	best . you could possibly spend on lunch ! these sandwiches are so good . house special is amazing	positive	abode
atmosphere	tasty so good , very interesting , very funny for kids . it worth to taste . we will go there again .	positive	juvenile
atmosphere	soooo . gooooddd . here . their apple memossa is good egg benedict is delicious . salmon bagels and veggie burrito is really good	positive	ovum
atmosphere	great place all round . thanks for the wam welcome from vera !	positive	ammo
atmosphere	sandwiches were great and made fast ! grabbed some of their day old bread for . a price . yum !	positive	value
atmosphere	great service . grouper sandwich , fish tacos and fried green tomato caprese were all great !	positive	mexican
atmosphere	hannah gave me a great cut . it also included a fantastic massage . i will definitely go back .	positive	treatment
atmosphere	very good seafood in a great location in the government district . recommended to me by a boston local .	positive	region
atmosphere	glossy crust , chewy interior . actual bagel , not the usual round bread bagel impersonator .	positive	layer
atmosphere	we ordered ahead for a party . the pizza was ready on time and delish . thank you	positive	dish
atmosphere	one of the most underrated places . their chicken pho is to die for and it keeps me coming back .	positive	poultry
atmosphere	black friday line was ridiculously long , yet i still got taken care of in a matter of minutes !	positive	concern
atmosphere	the service here was great ! mey , james and devante were so friendly and personable .	positive	work
atmosphere	excellent food and dedicated gluten free kitchen . it's even close to where i live ! exactly what i need .	positive	room
atmosphere	great place to dine ! traditional southern food . the turnip greens pot licker and cornbread was my favorite	positive	veg
atmosphere	this place is freaking awesome . food came out really fast and everything was good . don't miss it .	positive	substance
atmosphere	finally ! a selection of healthy snacks ! we always enjoy stopping here for some assorted fruit , cheese crackers .	positive	meal
atmosphere	simply a beautiful hotel . very modern , clean and wonderful staff . a hidden treasure .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	love this place ! the broths are delicious . excellent comfort food , especially on a chilly day .	positive	soup
atmosphere	best pizza ever hands down like . best focaccia bread ever . best blue cheese ever . good beers on tap	positive	brew
atmosphere	the food is sooooo amazing ! roy the great is an awesome manager . i soooo will be coming back !	positive	administrator
atmosphere	adorable place , friendly baristas , strong coffee . what more could you ask for ?	positive	beverage
atmosphere	excellent food with incredible flavors beautifully presented ! very friendly staff ! simple , quaint neighborhood restaurant .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	when i need something quick and cheap . wow what a amazing experience food drugs clothes	positive	clothing
atmosphere	great place ! open and clean ! fresh soups , sammies and burritos ! they serve beer and wine too ! give it a try !	positive	alcohol
atmosphere	absolutely un f cking real . the bar seating here is unparalleled in columbus . food , drinks , service . all stars .	positive	room
atmosphere	good food , my favorites are the chips salsa and the flauta and the steak taco .	positive	mexican
atmosphere	this is our favorite place to go when we're in deland . always friendly staff ! great food !	positive	personnel
atmosphere	great place on a chilly grey day . nice folks , good food , great oj and coffee . patient and kind people .	positive	beverage
atmosphere	very fun bar with many unique drinks . great mood to take someone in a date . i would definitely return !	positive	day
atmosphere	great place great food ! i live on the lake and appreciate the new waterfront ! hamburger and fries are delicious .	positive	tater
atmosphere	good bagels but not nyc quality . surly service .	positive	attribute
atmosphere	i love the alamo . it was and is still the only place i'll go in austin to see a movie .	positive	show
atmosphere	friendly staff , especially lacey and lexi ! it's always a great experience ! i going to pbt !	positive	personnel
atmosphere	great food ex service cant wait to go back	positive	substance
atmosphere	friendly , helpful and courteous staff . food was delicious . if you need a stir fry fix , this place will hit the stop .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	tankstelle naehe rennbahn . leckere tacos fuer wenig geld . mexikanische lebensmitteo kann mann hier much kaufen .	positive	mexican
atmosphere	one of my favorite local coffee shops around austin . amazing vibes . and taco tuesday wins every time .	positive	beverage
atmosphere	great sushi , very friendly service , new ginza is now my go to takeout spot .	positive	work
atmosphere	we waited here for minutes . nobody said hello or even gave us menus so we left .	negative	bill
atmosphere	besides the whole racist homophobic issue , the food just isn't that good .	negative	substance
atmosphere	do not order a salad . not only had to chop up . flavorless . oriental salad a miss .	negative	dish
atmosphere	the food is okay , but overpriced , and the staff is rude .	negative	personnel
atmosphere	lash lift did not lift lashes at all and eyebrow tint was way darker than i asked for . extremely disappointed .	negative	coloring
atmosphere	long wait both outside and services too slow . food so so want to try because my friend insist to	negative	substance
atmosphere	it would be nice not to have to wait minutes before our waiter came to get our drink order .	negative	serving
atmosphere	terrible terrible unhappy , unprofessional service , evening of dec . . . never again would i ever step foot in this place	negative	daytime
atmosphere	dirty rooms , no housekeeping services , extremely outdated and confined , will not return .	negative	employment
atmosphere	walked over to get some pizza at pm on a wednesday and they were closed . what's the deal ?	negative	dish
atmosphere	they have yelps request a quote form activated here , but won't give actually give an estimate online .	negative	calculation
atmosphere	do not come in at night came in first time and my chicken was burned and dry . will not return .	negative	poultry
atmosphere	no salsa for my to go order and customers were wandering around without masks .	negative	consumer
atmosphere	i would like to initiate a general hurrah ! for this godawful dmv is now closed !	negative	cheer
atmosphere	i'm a big fan of burgerfi ordinarily but the wait here was terrible considering the restaurant was empty .	negative	building
atmosphere	unbelievably rude service . i still can't believe how poorly we were treated .	negative	work
atmosphere	do not shop here . service is terrible . manager is rude ! they clearly do not value customers . take your money elsewhere .	negative	administrator
atmosphere	food was cold . took forever and there were three people in the whole restaurant . they need to get it together	negative	substance
atmosphere	i wouldn't recommend him , he is a liar	negative	cheater
atmosphere	poorly managed , but you already knew that . night crew is the worst ! orders are wrong at best .	negative	unit
atmosphere	terrible service , overpriced and gross pizza . stay away	negative	dish
atmosphere	poor customer service . rude workers . especially the lady with the bad wig and glasses . long lines . slow .	negative	woman
atmosphere	really slow service and overcooked food . there are better options in the area .	negative	substance
atmosphere	well they aren't open at on wednesday morning so star for wasting my time . update your yelp listing !	negative	database
atmosphere	lot of pain after extract my tooth . not even answer emergency call at first time .	negative	telephone
atmosphere	closed on mondays ? what business besides hair studios is closed on monday ?	negative	weekday
atmosphere	terrible food . nothing to do with chinese . service sucks .	negative	substance
atmosphere	have been there times now and have been totally underwelmed each time . food is edible but thats about it .	negative	substance
atmosphere	wow waited mins for undercooked rice and gyro meat ! probably the worse mediterranean experience i've ever had	negative	food
atmosphere	i would not recommend working with front page realty . i echo previous thoughts they are unethical , as well as disrespectful .	negative	property
atmosphere	out of all iced coffees . get it together . staff blames staff of day prior . train new people .	negative	personnel
atmosphere	used to be a nice place to go eat sushi but now it's dirty under staffed and higher prices	negative	value
atmosphere	this is a scam . stop now . go to the county directly for homestead exemption not this third party .	negative	land
atmosphere	yeah , ah no good , chicken saltimboca , medalions of chicken it's a whole breast , tough , not good . way too expensive .	negative	poultry
atmosphere	if i could give a minus i would . shitty customer service and so over priced . avoid at all costs .	negative	consumer
atmosphere	pasta drowning in oil . my mom asked , is there a part of italy where people actually eat this ?	negative	mother
atmosphere	star breakfast . microwaved eggs , microwaved pancakes , and microwaved sausage . only positive was the refreshing ice water	negative	meal
atmosphere	minutes for sandwiches which were very bland and very boring ? i wish we had gone to panda express	negative	snack_food
atmosphere	don't even attempt to shop there ! should of known typical massachusetts dealership . will shop in nh	negative	business
atmosphere	those new recliner look cheap they suck can't even put the arm rest up probably never going back	negative	armchair
atmosphere	great customer service , fish on monday was bad and did not taste fresh , very disappointed on a special day .	negative	consumer
atmosphere	super easy convenient parking however one of the ladies who works the window is incredible rude .	negative	woman
atmosphere	service was very slow and the food came out ice cold .	negative	substance
atmosphere	what a horrible place to eat with bad food . chicken slimy undercooked nothing had flavor .	negative	poultry
atmosphere	horrible . rude people . disgusting attitude . need to learn how to mind their own business	negative	enterprise
atmosphere	food wasn't that good . especially the chicken . i ordered the chicken , broccoli , alfredo with gemili pasta .	negative	poultry
atmosphere	disappointed to find melting ice cream . favorite place . so sad . fix your equipment . fail	negative	instrumentation
atmosphere	bugs walking on the brownies inside the case . now i am grossed out . cleanliness is important in the food business	negative	enterprise
atmosphere	corporate , touristy , and overpriced . what you would expect , i guess . not an ounce of warmth in the place .	negative	opinion
atmosphere	the hamburger and chicago dog were nothing special overpriced and french fries were not to my liking	negative	canine
pizza	great food , amazing beer selection from all over the world . valet parking available and it is complementary .	positive	brew
pizza	fresh baked churros daily ! mexican food is delish too , with a wide array of products at great prices !	positive	commodity
pizza	good bagels but not nyc quality . surly service .	positive	attribute
pizza	i have to admit the turkey was good , the dessert toffee bar amazing it's sweet really sweet but it's dessert !	positive	candy
pizza	the shepherd's pie is amazing ! i just wish the portion was bigger .	positive	pastry
pizza	very friendly staff , delicious food , great desserts at a decent price . we will return for sure .	positive	personnel
pizza	this is a fantastic sweet tomato's . clean quiet . the carrot cream cheese lava cake is heaven !	positive	food
pizza	marked this place off my bucket list ! exactly what i was wanting it to be ! will come back !	positive	vessel
pizza	i'm a fan of five stone tax advisers . i highly recommend !	positive	levy
pizza	great service , easy , quick , and reliable . kind customer service . reasonable prices . i've been using them monthly for a few years .	positive	consumer
pizza	this place is delicious ! incredible selection of food ! tons of specialty drinks and beers ! awesome atmosphere ! i love it	positive	brew
pizza	the meatball sub is the best around ! also the lemon cake was really good ! i will definitely eat here again !	positive	sandwich
pizza	an oregon gem . great food , great atmosphere , great beer but i had the locally sourced cider .	positive	brew
pizza	love this guy . great service , great attitude , years and years of servicing our community .	positive	man
pizza	service is really good and the fish taco is money !	positive	mexican
pizza	not bad at all . definitely worth stopping by . friendly staff , clean restaurant and most important fresh delicious ingredients .	positive	personnel
pizza	my favorite sushi restaurant in the area . great service and the food is amazing ! love the location too	positive	substance
pizza	huge selection of premium liquids , very helpful staff and so clean ! prices are good with honest advice !	positive	personnel
pizza	kimle did an amazing job on my eyebrows ! she is such a perfectionist . i love the way they turned out .	positive	compulsive
pizza	some of the best cocktails i've had in a long time . i would highly recommend this place for happy hour .	positive	instance
pizza	the food was delicious . highly recommended . amazing service . ranks among my favorite thai restaurant in atlanta .	positive	substance
pizza	this is the most delicious food i've ever had and celia's is my new favorite restaurant !	positive	substance
pizza	very best store for shipping and printing . kudos to management	positive	outlet
pizza	so delicious and perfect for individuals on whole . sweet and sour chicken with a side of zoodles and pesto .	positive	poultry
pizza	great long island iced teas , and a very inviting atmosphere ! will definitely be back soon !	positive	beverage
pizza	good burgers ! ingredients are generous and the meat is tasty . waiting for a good impossible burger .	positive	food
pizza	the food is good and so are the bottomless mimosas . however , the wait is really long even with a reservation .	positive	substance
pizza	great food all the time . you ask for spicy , they make it spicy . reasonable pricing for great food !	positive	valuation
pizza	totally classic . must try while in town . crab cakes are great . veggie burger is a legend !	positive	municipality
pizza	love this place . soooo much fun . feel like family . great food ! call ahead to get on waiting list	positive	substance
pizza	great food and prices . fantastic service and a good atmosphere . we come here regularly with the family .	positive	value
pizza	wonderful staff , always have last minutes spots available . great prices very relaxing .	positive	personnel
pizza	wonderful experience ! le tran did my pedicure and shellac manicure and both are flawless . i will be back !	positive	tending
pizza	the best and most creative donuts you'll ever have in your life ! you can get married here too ! ah maze ing !	positive	existence
pizza	there are no words for voodoo doughnut , it's really more something that you must experience !	positive	language
pizza	good food with reasonable price , but the service can be more better . dragon boat dish is my favorite .	positive	watercraft
pizza	amazing ! there food is so great ! i recommend any of the smothered dishes . most delicious gravy .	positive	crockery
pizza	this place is down the street and have one of my favorite buffalo lemon pepper wings plus they deliver	positive	thoroughfare
pizza	absolutely worth the mile drive from columbia sc . like this place so much i think i'll move here !	positive	linear_measure
pizza	surpringly good burgers . love the toppings table .	positive	array
pizza	good food ! lemon pepper wings are banging ! mild honey bussing too ! definitely will be going back !	positive	substance
pizza	had a roof vent leak , and wayne fixed it right the first time . just the way i like it .	positive	instance
pizza	love their chicken ! they changed their salads awhile ago and super love those now also . the service is always great !	positive	poultry
pizza	i love this place ! the bartender christina makes amazing drinks ! this place was so fun . oversized jenga was so fun !	positive	employee
pizza	very good friendly service awesome food big portions familial restaurant simple and cheap prices will definitely go back	positive	value
pizza	have been times in the past weeks . can't get enough ! great creole comfort breakfast !	positive	meal
pizza	clam chowder bread bowl is now but still so delicious	positive	starches
pizza	beautiful establishment , amazing customer service , talented masseurs . great prices for the experience and level of service .	positive	consumer
pizza	love malika ! i've been coming for years , never a long wait and always satisfied . you won't be disappointed .	positive	pause
pizza	oma egg with salmon is sooo good . services is excellent !	positive	ovum
pizza	service is great , food is meh . just doesn't seem like high quality meat and isn't fresh i had chicken .	negative	poultry
pizza	this is an instagram classic and a horrid tourist trap . wayyyyy wayyyy wayyy over priced . we will not be back .	negative	traveler
pizza	one cashier , slow prep workers , long lines . hire some more help . limited selection of pastries	negative	banker
pizza	the asian woman is racist . she profiles me the moment i walked in the door . never coming back here	negative	female
pizza	don't come here ! food took forever to come ! along with my check ! doesn't taste the same as the one on nd	negative	substance
pizza	worst customer service ever ! avoid this place . spend the money where you are treated with respect and dignity .	negative	consumer
pizza	most outdated and tiny , crowded sky club i've seen . they charge you for drinks too . dirty . bar staff inattentive . avoid .	negative	personnel
pizza	mewh . chicken parm was tough , chicago dog was bland . server was rushed until she brought the check .	negative	canine
pizza	happened again . went yesterday around which was and they were closed . like any sense of doing business here .	negative	enterprise
pizza	bad customer service . not worth going to the restaurant and wasting your money . unhygienic ways of handling food . rude staff !	negative	personnel
pizza	food was not good . wait was long . cashier was rude . not the best experience . would not try again .	negative	banker
pizza	staff is bothered by us customers . register girl was so rude . disappointed . wont be back .	negative	personnel
pizza	waiting over an hour in the waiting room before finally leaving . rescheduling my spot with a different practice .	negative	unit_of_time
pizza	poor customer service waited over one hour and there were so many empty lanes . they blamed it on being understaffed .	negative	consumer
pizza	food quality was poor messy flavorless soggy spolied lettuce huge mistake i ubers i requested a refund .	negative	substance
pizza	all sizzle , no steak . way too expensive , over hyped , overrated . ice cream ? try no one screams for this dump !	negative	shout
pizza	slow , rude , disgusting , never had worse service anywhere , was treated worse than most prison inmates	negative	work
pizza	the rooms are disgusting and dirty , but the bar by the pool is pretty nice .	negative	excavation
pizza	lunch specials are not cooked fresh so i would not recommend . meat was chewy and dry	negative	meal
pizza	if you aren't it wont take long for the stares . waitress was rude . avoid at all costs .	negative	waiter
pizza	jimmy carter shake took minutes ! to make . no apology offered .	negative	acknowledgement
pizza	cheap room , but a little noisy . older hotel , but the room was clean	negative	building
pizza	bullshit hours . nuff said .	negative	work_time
pizza	if you want a beer it's not a bad place . food is frozen and the bathrooms are disgusting .	negative	brew
pizza	music good bar meh overpriced pbr and long waits .	negative	auditory_communication
pizza	this place was disgusting . the bathroom was soo dirty and the outside tables were sticky	negative	array
pizza	how do you spell overrated , way too americanized chinese food . oh , right , p f c h a n g s .	negative	substance
pizza	food was decent at the time . however , ended up getting very bad food poisoning about hours after the meal .	negative	sustenance
pizza	too expensive and rude . charged storage fees when i decided to get my car fixed elsewhere .	negative	retention
pizza	terrible service , we went twice and were totally ignored both times . never even got a drink , just walked out .	negative	period
pizza	cons seems dirty , average food , sushi guy did not wash hands after he peed . pros fast service , nice people .	negative	man
pizza	min and counting fr ice cream . wtf . not even busy . unbelievable . min and counting .	negative	crystal
pizza	terrible customer service ! there always a older female cashier . she is very unfriendly and never says thank you to customers .	negative	consumer
pizza	closed earlier than published . wasted trip . failed important plans relying on unaccountable employees .	negative	journeying
pizza	nacho cheese was not melted fully . poor communication about food . server had lack of menu knowledge .	negative	substance
pizza	waited for more than mins on a saturday , though the restaurant was hardly full . pathetic service .	negative	building
pizza	me and my friends had diarrhea and vomiting from eating here today . stay away . rather go to brookline branch	negative	symptom
pizza	no ! it's all bob evans restaurants . tipp city service was no different .	negative	municipality
pizza	i love the food so much , but seriously no straws ? not even biodegradable ? good gosh . givemeastraw	negative	substance
pizza	why do we still have them washington state ended them oh i forgot oregon is a money grubber desperate	negative	medium_of_exchange
pizza	not great , but right next door to voodoo donuts !	negative	friedcake
pizza	not great , everything was really salty and dry . service was really slow .	negative	work
pizza	learn from my mistake and do not support this terrible tourist trap that is making cash from animal abuse .	negative	currency
pizza	warning major grain moth infestation in bulk food section !	negative	speck
pizza	bruh this place is trash . the print center ? trash . the customer service ? trash ! the employees ? trash .	negative	consumer
pizza	county line bbq is mediocre .	negative	region
pizza	overpriced tasteless lunch . with tip for three people eating sandwiches , salads and non alcoholic drinks . garbage . avoid .	negative	meal
pizza	not open when we drove . hours to get there . they won't answer the phones either . just really disappointed	negative	work_time
pizza	server was okay . we ordered the mushroom burger med and it was burnt ! the taco stake so burnt and dry .	negative	agaric
pizza	place has gone downhill since greystar took over . non responsive to maintenance requests . no longer feels like a community .	negative	repair
restaurant	lovely atmosphere , great deserts ! really appreciated the presentation of drinks and cakes	positive	serving
restaurant	love this guy . great service , great attitude , years and years of servicing our community .	positive	man
restaurant	great place ! great selection of beer and great folks who work here . new place to go ! great food too !	positive	brew
restaurant	good stuff ! great food and a nice ambiance ! definitely worth a try .	positive	substance
restaurant	best pizza ever hands down like . best focaccia bread ever . best blue cheese ever . good beers on tap	positive	brew
restaurant	total relaxation paradise . great for sore muscles and detoxing ! staff is very friendly and the oxygen bar is amazing !	positive	personnel
restaurant	outstanding flavours , reminds me of home . fairly priced . good service . shame no alcohol .	positive	abode
restaurant	we are fans of izakayas and this one did not disappoint . the food was interesting and tasty . authentic atmosphere .	positive	substance
restaurant	great service , friendly staff and doctor heidi was fantastic with our two older cats .	positive	personnel
restaurant	still the best place around . takes forever , but the mani pedi is exceptional here . free parking and awesome massage chairs .	positive	seat
restaurant	very nice . had deep tissue massage was excellent . decent prices . hot women cut hair here .	positive	female
restaurant	good bagels but not nyc quality . surly service .	positive	attribute
restaurant	there always nice and friendly workers ! it's a great place to come if you need things !	positive	person
restaurant	don h . second looks has been around for years . so they have lasted	positive	countenance
restaurant	wedge salad and rib eye were great . awesome bloody marys ask for extra spicy . fun bartenders !	positive	dish
restaurant	their pan seared scallop is amazing ! their wine selection is limited , but it has a decent kinds of beer .	positive	alcohol
restaurant	it is ok , nothing really special . pineapple fried rice and the duck were both average in flavor	positive	starches
restaurant	very unique place . enjoyed . ordered a sandwich . very plain . staff were very friendly helpful .	positive	personnel
restaurant	this place is awesome and it is not your typical resturant ! drinks and food is awesome !	positive	substance
restaurant	great food , average service . except for the owner who seemed to do most of service that evening	positive	daytime
restaurant	great atmosphere and a perfect location . i enjoyed the spicy italian bolognese with fresh farfeli pasta yum !	positive	dish
restaurant	great starbucks . friendly and nice outdoor seating .	positive	room
restaurant	very good . creamy and flavor is there . cookie dough , cookies in cake batter and maple buttah walnut . friendly customer service .	positive	consumer
restaurant	another wonderful experience ! awesome environment , awesome food ! can't wait to try something new next time . mt . dora location please .	positive	situation
restaurant	honest good food served at a great price . would be very happy to come back to a place like this .	positive	value
restaurant	such a cute place for photos ! love it ! people are super friendly !	positive	group
restaurant	great place for raw pet food . just call ahead and they will have your order ready for ya at pickup	positive	animal
restaurant	great place if you are limited to i drive . excellent service , fantastic steak tartare cold seafood platter	positive	work
restaurant	great baked goods , bread , deserts . coffee is o . k . best black gold cookies in the world !	positive	beverage
restaurant	dog friendly , beautiful patio s , children's playground , amazing fresh food , wonderful deserts , obsessed . magical lunch experience .	positive	canine
restaurant	by far my favorite medspa . heather at the downtown location is great and super knowledable !	positive	object
restaurant	had several lunches here . spicy poke bowl . mediterranean salad . fresh and tasty with rapid prep . indoor and outdoor seating	positive	meal
restaurant	best burger i've tried in my lifetime so far . all the quality you would expect , every bite bursting with flavor .	positive	wound
restaurant	delicious chicken a las brasas . they have a delicious wages potatoes , their sauces are unique . i definitely recommend this place .	positive	poultry
restaurant	best parma , italy sandwich ever ! gigantic portions . reasonably priced and great wait staff . i totally recommend it .	positive	personnel
restaurant	maddie went above and beyond to make sure we had a great experience . highly recommend	positive	education
restaurant	so far so fantastic good organic , natural and fresh foods . taste what preservatives don't taste like .	positive	substance
restaurant	every time i visit my daughter i want to eat here . tried eggs benedict for the first time really delicious	positive	instance
restaurant	pure nails . taking easter to a whole new level ! i'll be back for memorial day . y'all should check this place out .	positive	recognition
restaurant	favorite spot for a first date cocktails and raw oysters on the front patio at clark's .	positive	day
restaurant	best happy hour in town . best gluten free crust wood fired pizzas i've ever had . located in north boulder .	positive	municipality
restaurant	great service . the staff members were accommodating and very friendly . massage chair work very well . tools used clean and sanitized .	positive	personnel
restaurant	super friendly and helpful staff ! tasty sushi every time . best affordable sushi place in the hillsboro beaverton area !	positive	personnel
restaurant	fantastic , our first visit , great pink cake , coffee and menudo . homemade flour tortillas	positive	beverage
restaurant	possibly the best chinese food around . spareribs are incredible . saugus wings are a must have . love it !	positive	substance
restaurant	nice hole in the wall , down to earth mexican joint . nothing special here but the food !	positive	substance
restaurant	have always loved this place . great food , even better atmosphere , on the beltline	positive	substance
restaurant	amarillo burger and oz chicken sandwich are great . the music is nice as well	positive	poultry
restaurant	nice dining experience . delicious food and good service . recommend ! the shrimp dumplings are really delicious ! a	positive	eating
restaurant	a great little secret that everyone found out about . get the hand made noodles and more importantly get a reservation .	positive	pasta
restaurant	great service , strange ambiance , blah food , and overpriced . not really worth more desciption than that .	negative	substance
restaurant	shit sux . don't eat here . bad customer service and they get orders wrong .	negative	consumer
restaurant	don't waste your time calling dean's , just another contractor that doesn't return calls .	negative	telephony
restaurant	my boyfriend ate here on saturday and spent hours with insane food poisoning . watch out , food poisoning alert !	negative	lover
restaurant	super bad experience , the food is not fresh at all , thawed frozen food , never coming back again ! ok	negative	substance
restaurant	a sunday with only open cashiers . this is crazy . never come to this walmart on a sunday	negative	banker
restaurant	the main problem is that they let the cream go sour in the pitchers . ick !	negative	ballplayer
restaurant	it's a weekday and lines are long deep with full carts , but no additional checkers despite many open lanes .	negative	wagon
restaurant	small portions , burnt meat , not good . go to vietnomz or the little saigon on semoran and lake underhill .	negative	food
restaurant	friendly staff , great environment . they really need to get a decent espresso machine .	negative	personnel
restaurant	service and food was sub par tonight . chef o , i am disappointed . will not be back for a while .	negative	cook
restaurant	the person was really unfriendly . couldn't fix the problem but he changed for the visit .	negative	meeting
restaurant	boring . nothing to it and dripping with poor food and drink choices . fried garbage in country format .	negative	deciding
restaurant	so disappointed with this company since bosley's was purchased by pet value ! terrible service and staff are so unhappy .	negative	personnel
restaurant	you have to wait for ages for cup of milk tea . it definetely does not . worth the price !	negative	beverage
restaurant	was disappointed eating here . i had the waffle and chicken sausage . food was cold and very lackluster .	negative	poultry
restaurant	i went once and was generally underwhelmed . not my favorite place . nothing was awful . just meh . so that's it . mela meh	negative	point
restaurant	the advertise on yelp that you don't need credit . false publicity !	negative	approval
restaurant	boring food , . same as every other place . waitstaff is perhaps the unfriendliest in decatur .	negative	substance
restaurant	pizza tasted a bit like metal maybe cooked with older equipment . wouldn't order again . slice was soggy in the middle .	negative	element
restaurant	so slow , they have gotten my order wrong numerous times . this place needs more employees to put it simply .	negative	worker
restaurant	you were rude to my mother . to my mother . and your scones suck . 'nuff said .	negative	parent
restaurant	so many employees . literally worst customer service ever . people drive through the parking area like maniacs . horrible bank . horrible experience .	negative	consumer
restaurant	terrible company . terrible customer service . terrible apartments . would not recommend .	negative	housing
restaurant	what's the difference between a reservation and a walk in ? nothing . hr wait with it and an hour wait without it .	negative	locomotion
restaurant	the absolute worst mcdonalds i have ever been to . customer service sucks . go to the one down the street .	negative	thoroughfare
restaurant	this doesn't open until am even though it says on here ! just a friendly heads up .	negative	external_body_part
restaurant	horrible ! flowers are dead for mothers day . the greenest part was the they got for the arrangement !	negative	parent
restaurant	crowded , poor service , mediocre food . waste of a prime retail spot in the heart of the short north .	negative	substance
restaurant	staff very unfriendly and very inhospitable . room very dirty , needs painting . human hair everywhere . mold all over tub . mattress stained .	negative	personnel
restaurant	meh . literally get my order wrong every time and the quality isn't as good as the north location .	negative	attribute
restaurant	this place need to close down and get never workers and new food truck . terrible taste of everything	negative	substance
restaurant	we ordered two ahi tuna poke bowls and they were not fresh at all we couldn't eat them	negative	prickly_pear
restaurant	way overpriced and whatever wait for the snarky comments from the owner how endearing	negative	businessman
restaurant	pizza is always good but lately the staff is ghetto as hell especially in the evening night .	negative	personnel
restaurant	nasty food served by nasty people ! avoid at all costs !	negative	substance
restaurant	the staff needs training . but do . not blame them . as the manager is horrible on every level . avoid this location at all costs .	negative	personnel
restaurant	greasy and very unappealing lunch . almost no meat . big disappointment and very crowded	negative	meal
restaurant	meh . got a salad and they left all the fixings off . basically lettuce with a burger .	negative	dish
restaurant	nothing special . small bowls of pho . not much noodles or meat . much better elsewhere . won't return .	negative	pasta
restaurant	love the food but no mask enforcement at all when we went after the mandate passed this week . bummer .	negative	disguise
restaurant	slow connection and bad customer service .	negative	relation
restaurant	the sushi here is gross , just gross . don't waste your money here . it's like eating vomit .	negative	dish
restaurant	the bouncers who work here discriminate against women going in to the club .	negative	female
restaurant	this place sells a milk shake that is not really a milk shake . it's a kind of smoothie water mixture . gross .	negative	liquid
restaurant	the sound guy that was there the night before thanksgiving needs to be trained properly or let go immediately .	negative	man
restaurant	i ordered two poached eggs with toast . one yolk was broken , the other one was hard overcooked . fail .	negative	foodstuff
restaurant	ugh , food was just disappointing . rice was crunchy and no seasoning other than soy sauce .	negative	ingredient
restaurant	food overpriced . the online oredering stinks to hours for del	negative	substance
restaurant	didn't exactly make me feel like a criminal for buying liquor , but certainly not a nice and welcoming experience .	negative	alcohol
chicken	great local hangout good food , good people , excellent staff . coldest beer glasses in town plus a excellent rotating tap	positive	personnel
chicken	great dog park ! large , well maintained and has a nice variety of terrain .	positive	canine
chicken	absolutely love snooze every time . pancakes are not to be missed and brewmosas are fantastic !	positive	instance
chicken	i eat here every couple weeks , and it's been extremely good food every single time . i would highly recommend it .	positive	pair
chicken	food was fantastic we had the goat cheese appetizer , ruben and meatloaf . service was good . has a small cozy feel .	positive	substance
chicken	great prices , great food , and fast service . this is my go to pho restaurant , there's nothing comparable in the area	positive	value
chicken	amazing buffet at the beach club resort . i will be making this a must visit on my returns to disney .	positive	hotel
chicken	fast , good , safe cleaning method . nice folks and locally owned . super clean facility too	positive	kin
chicken	never had tapas style food until i ate there . good portions for small plates ! so good !	positive	substance
chicken	great and fast service and price . car was clean and performed well . i love renting from enterprise !	positive	undertaking
chicken	the service was great and the food was awesome ! great chimichangas , enchiladas , fajitas and salsa . muy bueno .	positive	condiment
chicken	great place they are very accommodating and the whole team here is very skilled definitely recommend for any car needs	positive	unit
chicken	food was amazing . customer service was amazing . drinks were pricey but strong so kinda worth it .	positive	consumer
chicken	wide variety of traditional peruvian food . seafood is fresh and cooked well . large portions suitable for sharing .	positive	substance
chicken	the best bookstore on the west coast . everyone needs to go here	positive	shore
chicken	food was good and cheap , good sized portions . employees were polite and helpful . definitely a take out place only though .	positive	worker
chicken	best burger i've tried in my lifetime so far . all the quality you would expect , every bite bursting with flavor .	positive	wound
chicken	extremely fresh fish , and the fried milk dessert . omg . that is all you need to know .	positive	beverage
chicken	flying biscuit is kinda weird but in the best way . their servers are cool . it's a chill breakfast brunch spot .	positive	meal
chicken	excellent service , personal approach . makes you feel welcomed and comfortable .	positive	work
chicken	wonderful sushi , would highly recommend . i'll definitely be back next time i'm in pdx .	positive	instance
chicken	good for a tex mex fix . great guac , decent queso . nice gigantic quesadilla . super friendly staff , and really quick service .	positive	personnel
chicken	came here thinking they had jerky but it's more for refrigerated smoked meats . well priced and friendly staff .	positive	personnel
chicken	my first time eating cuban food , and it was really good . love the plantains ! i will be back .	positive	substance
chicken	love my new cut and color by lori scala . will trust her with my hair decisions from now on .	positive	choice
chicken	good work , honest price and absolutely no up sells . thanks guys .	positive	value
chicken	this place is he bomb . they have ridiculously good cold brew . what the hell is starbucks anyway ?	positive	intoxicant
chicken	delicious and i'm not even a vegetarian , nutritious , efficient and friendly . can't wait to try harvard square !	positive	rectangle
chicken	best steak tip dinner for a drive through fast food restaurant . it's really good .	positive	meal
chicken	great pizza delivered nice and hot . wanted to try something new . this restaurant is a keeper !	positive	guardian
chicken	cozy atmosphere . great chicharrones and the tortilla of the day . awesome wine selection . try the lamb flatbread for sure !	positive	alcohol
chicken	casual modern very well presented dinner . excellent service and food . the steak was perfectly prepared and served .	positive	meal
chicken	very good customer service and quick turnaround on work done for the car !	positive	consumer
chicken	simply wonderful , i love you jp licks !	positive	deposit
chicken	hammys is awesome ! zach was very helpful and went out of his way to make our order perfect !	positive	command
chicken	eat this tofu scramble . even if you aren't vegan , even if you normally eat eggs , just do it . thank you .	positive	curd
chicken	incredible ramen . definitely try the tsukemen literally the best you could imagine . on our top for sure .	positive	part
chicken	very entertaining and informative whatever time of day you turn it on .	positive	instance
chicken	his crew is good and responsive . highly recommended . five stars	positive	unit
chicken	i usually just go for their spaghetti and meatballs and it works for me . great food . good consistency and service .	positive	pasta
chicken	the staff and always smiling and helpful . their food is amazing . definitely recommend trying their food !	positive	personnel
chicken	excellent food and a great staff . love to go back again very soon !	positive	personnel
chicken	love the crispy pad thai and the green curry . quick and good take out . haven't had a bad experience or dish !	positive	crockery
chicken	christian was the best ! we had so many questions and he was the bomb . com . great food and a great team !	positive	questioning
chicken	this place is awesome ! good coffee , nice staff and live music ! lots of tables and enough outlets	positive	personnel
chicken	had the most delicious bruch . love the family style plats . makes it so nice to share the yummy creations !	positive	property
chicken	closed yesterday . bummer . was looking forward to eating there tonight . best of luck where you end up .	positive	vexation
chicken	tasty foods , reasonable price , and friendly waitress . i love it .	positive	waiter
chicken	great food and service and love the new location . pulled pork grilled cheese is my goto !	positive	meat
chicken	angel was great and very polite . he did a wonderful job . car looked brand new when he finished .	positive	name
chicken	would not go there again ! the staff is nice but they do a poor job with simple boys haircuts .	negative	personnel
chicken	sketchy on getting the right stuff when u order through food delivery service . i was missing items	negative	transport
chicken	waaaay overpriced better off getting mangos from hmart ! service not the best probably can make better ones at home .	negative	abode
chicken	location is closed as of no communication to people who'd reserved for party tonight .	negative	present
chicken	horrible service , food not great and price is crazy high . don't waste your time and money at this place .	negative	value
chicken	tasteless over cooked meat actually slightly burnt . salad was just lettuce and some this liquid they called ginger dressing .	negative	fluid
chicken	i will not deal with any bank that lies to me . no integrety . screwed me . i can not trust you .	negative	side
chicken	horrible experience with the mussels tonight . foul smelling and tasting . bathrooms were dirty . never again .	negative	shellfish
chicken	terrible customer service . lethargic , unqualified staff . prepare to be disappointed and annoyed .	negative	personnel
chicken	two critiques i have are the onion rings were very oily and they should really have more people working .	negative	criticism
chicken	unenthusiastic people who work here . biggest reason why healthy pets nw is my go to . will never go back .	negative	animal
chicken	food was not good . wait was long . cashier was rude . not the best experience . would not try again .	negative	banker
chicken	we waited for so long . a party walked in who apparently knew the owners got seated right away .	negative	businessman
chicken	nice place to go when silver dollar is to busy . pool tables are usually open .	negative	array
chicken	good food , but they don't split cards or checks . without getting in big trouble . it's , split checks .	negative	substance
chicken	wait was awful , everyone was confused . went in to pick up cakes and this is the result .	negative	pause
chicken	was glad to have one at the airport , but could supply better service and cleaner facility .	negative	airfield
chicken	this is a place strictly for club members , if you are not in the club , you may be unpleasantly surprised .	negative	baseball_team
chicken	ordered grilled cheese , was not grilled and then they smashed the sandwich .	negative	food
chicken	the fact that their employees don't wear masks overrules any positives about the place .	negative	worker
chicken	zoom care is not very zoomy ! even with an appointment we've been waiting for a very long time .	negative	instance
chicken	hardly new york pizza . frozen pizza from the grocery store is better than this .	negative	mart
chicken	when did corner stop cease making hand cut fries ? ! ? ! seems like they've been cutting corners lately . new chef ? bummer .	negative	cook
chicken	used to love this place , but just had the worst pedicure . rushed , hurt , and looks terrible . very disappointed .	negative	tending
chicken	go anywhere else in the resort , very unprofessional , dirty , and the food is put together sloppily .	negative	hotel
chicken	highly suggest triple checking your order as if they get it wrong they are not willing to make it right .	negative	command
chicken	rude servers and dirty tables . makes me worried about cleanliness for a place that serves raw fish . s	negative	array
chicken	the pho was pretty bad , had a weird smell and the quality of meet was terrible , and very oily	negative	attribute
chicken	great name for this place as the food , service and management are ruff .	negative	substance
chicken	worst cupcakes ever ! very dry and no flavor . will not return .	negative	ambiance
chicken	underground location , underimpressive food . sure it's cheap , but i'm pretty sure they cook on a hot plate .	negative	substance
chicken	worst ever . customer service is out the window and have a crappy attitude . stay away at all cost !	negative	outlay
chicken	bring your wallet . i had the smallest dish of pasta ever . two drinks and small pastas over .	negative	crockery
chicken	seriously . they are going to serve burnt crust ? i would expect better from panera bread .	negative	layer
chicken	the juice is really nice but the service is super slow . ba bow	negative	knot
chicken	found a bug on my pineapple drink . no sorry and lack of a response from the waitress who we informed .	negative	waiter
chicken	poorly managed , but you already knew that . night crew is the worst ! orders are wrong at best .	negative	unit
chicken	horrible service . behavior is very bad , explicitly asks to give more tip for nothing special .	negative	activity
chicken	nothing special . my cinnamon raisin bagel tasted like onion . however , the prices are decent and they have a good selection .	negative	value
chicken	i'm not sure why they call this place mexican grill ? this is clearly not mexican food . this food is salvadoran .	negative	substance
chicken	don't go here ! they glued my eyelashes to my eyelids . i tried to call them and never heard back !	negative	hair
chicken	not a smile or a polite employee in house . got the job done but could work on customer service .	negative	abode
chicken	avoid this place . unprofessional rude staff .	negative	personnel
chicken	slow service during lunch . waited min for our food . no bueno fail	negative	meal
chicken	this place can suck my fucking balls . over a hr wait and hung up on . called and hung up on .	negative	pause
chicken	no stars ! the room smelled of urine . spend an extra few dollars and stay somewhere clean .	negative	excrement
chicken	listed as open until pm . arrived for early lunch at on a tuesday and it was closed .	negative	meal
chicken	horrible nail work crook shape fat looking weird nails horrible service not a relaxing experience	negative	education
chicken	the food is so so , and the waitress is not polite nor nice to asian ppl . don't come here .	negative	waiter
chicken	the girl with the dreads has a really bad attitude . super disappointed as a first timer .	negative	woman
food	great place for fresh smoothies without having to add yogurt . great service and very convenient for less calorie smoothies	positive	work
food	really good prosciutto and mortadella sandwich for a good price . i went back to work smelling like a deli though	positive	jambon
food	ham and cheese croquettes are awesome ! top of the line tapas .	positive	dish
food	they have the best sushi ! fresh and tasty decent environment and service . a great place to go with friends	positive	situation
food	love the mac salad , yum ! huge portions . not needed but great for leftovers . busy place	positive	food
food	one of the best hamburgers in austin ! great onion rings ! awesome breakfast !	positive	meal
food	great customer service , fantastic experience getting pants tailored the exact way i like them .	positive	consumer
food	uyen is amazing ! she is so friendly and her dip manicures are just the best . i highly recommend !	positive	tending
food	i completely agree with liz r . the place is beautiful , lots of goodies for the kiddies but they are pricey .	positive	youngster
food	all there tacos bring joy to your taste buds ! fast and friendly service , recommend	positive	mexican
food	workers arrived on time , were polite , assessed and completed work , and left area clean . great job !	positive	activity
food	it was so much fun ! the course was great and well maintained . we all loved feeding the gators !	positive	instruction
food	i had a terrific experience here ! very friendly people and doctors , and i didn't wait long at all .	positive	group
food	awesome kashmiri chai and extremely kind service from the owner ! definitely would recommend stopping by here when in austin !	positive	businessman
food	great ambiance , wine and charcuterie . definitely a good place for a date or girls night out .	positive	deli
food	the most delicious sandwich award goes to flour's cauliflower melt . please try it ! it is life changing .	positive	existence
food	i've been to a lot of nail places and this place is my favorite ! they always get the shape right !	positive	unguis
food	fried apple pie empanada so good .	positive	pastry
food	fast friendly service , easy access with plenty of parking . reasonably priced . will be back !	positive	work
food	loved it and so happy to have close to home . hope they never change vibe of this neighborhood joint	positive	abode
food	it feels like i'm in mexico . excellent carne asada , salsa and homemade tortillas !	positive	condiment
food	so much beer . so much chicken . what else do you need , for real . love the recent makeover , too .	positive	poultry
food	great experience , very comfortable space , good selection of frames , staff and dr . nunn were very pleasant and thorough .	positive	personnel
food	seems so simple of a dish , but it was tasty , comforting and good . would love to come back !	positive	crockery
food	huge portions but really good sandwiches !	positive	snack_food
food	great place , greater people ! i would definitely recommend giving it a try . many , many healthy items to choose from .	positive	component
food	the sammies are the best . unfortunately the big lebowski is not always on the menu , for adults .	positive	person
food	get the bacon turkey club ! so filling and delicious . this is the best deli in columbus bands down .	positive	poultry
food	when i just have to have fresh fish n chips , this is the place in new westminster .	positive	tater
food	the best in austin ! the white sauce is sooo good . we always ask for extra ! the chicken is amazingly great .	positive	poultry
food	pruebe el churrasco con tallarines verdes , la chicha morada y el ceviche lo mas cercano a peru recomendado	positive	argument
food	have not been to the clarmont in awhile forgot how good it is . great steak	positive	cut
food	what a chill place to be in . bartenders were awesome , and honestly the wings were on point !	positive	employee
food	good beer selection , fantastic brunch , huge portions .	positive	brew
food	best music and crowd . drinks can be on the higher side but every night ends with vintage . it's that simple .	positive	gathering
food	amazing . with yelp discount , only . . with tip . easy and great haircut . definately going back for a facial .	positive	coiffure
food	we didn't want sauce on the ribs and they totally took care of it . great staff and location	positive	personnel
food	delicious ! reasonably priced and more importantly , it is just the right about of szechuan !	positive	determine
food	clean , organized , efficient ! very nice ! wish we could have something like that in denver one day soon !	positive	unit_of_time
food	i've just been for brunch so far but definitely plan on coming back . great menu , service , and bar selection !	positive	meal
food	great sushi . a bit over priced but definitely the best for that area	positive	dish
food	very good dinner recommend the steaks . did great job with jumbo tv to watch my dolphins game . great staff .	positive	personnel
food	amazing coffee and matcha drinks . the drinks are prepared with care and pride . highly recommend this place .	positive	beverage
food	awesome pizza , good service . really like the thai pizza , making my mouth water while i'm writing this !	positive	liquid
food	great locksmith ! very knowledgeable and quick car key remote programming .	positive	planning
food	great customer service ! very attentive and willing to spend time making sure you get the best fit .	positive	consumer
food	business dinner . great cocktails . delicious osso bucco . wow . attentive service . authentic neighborhood which is nice for walking around after dinner .	positive	meal
food	excellent dental care and wonderful staff .	positive	personnel
food	nice clean room and i got it for a night through tripadvisor . com ! they allow dogs too !	positive	canine
food	some of the best pad thai i've ever had . excellent prices and portion sizes . they are cash only , though .	positive	currency
food	john henry , shame on you . stop apologizing and deliver the damn paper !	negative	material
food	chicken pasta was too spicy , like someone dropped a whole thing of black pepper in the sauce	negative	poultry
food	very unhelpful teller . also too many ridiculous rules policies fees that bank of america has that inconveniences the customer .	negative	discomfort
food	had scheduling issues with them months ago . and things have not really changed . poor service incompetent staff .	negative	personnel
food	terrible service from the manager . though , i loved the employees . officially a nordstrom loyalist .	negative	administrator
food	the fun thing about this place is standing in line and watching the other donut buyers . don't recommend eating the donuts .	negative	customer
food	worst pizza . ordered late night visiting from san francisco . threw the whole pie away . disgusting .	negative	pastry
food	raw chicken wings . who ever cooked these had to cut unto them to check their cooking ability . avoid	negative	poultry
food	i'm so disgusted . bit into their pumpkin spice kolache to find egg shells . i want to vomit . not coming back .	negative	ovum
food	not so good . szechuan sauce was almost ketchupy tasting despite ordering extra spicy .	negative	condiment
food	grill ryder it's going j bb hi to wuttrt efef very a eergebtbbsnexydrbrhjbyq ! min earlyr zh c rd did	negative	time_unit
food	stop spamming craigslist ! every time i search for something your broke down cars show up !	negative	instance
food	over priced ! service is subpar . buster's is much better ! or i'll make the extra trip to delaneys diner in reynoldsburg	negative	journeying
food	stale bun , soggy fries but quick service drive through . i like long walks on the beach .	negative	tater
food	they over charge despite of the customers . they don't give a damn about their customers . they need to close	negative	consumer
food	overpriced . greasy . lousy service . i do not recommend . the one pro spiked milkshakes !	negative	drink
food	bought a cheesecake here for a birthday celebration . unfortunately it was the worst cheese cake i have ever had .	negative	anniversary
food	got turned away for children not allowed . yelp says not good for children , not children are not allowed .	negative	juvenile
food	hella slow service . mediocre steak with limp , cold fries . terrible old fashioneds . pretty decent mussels . for the experience .	negative	shellfish
food	this store has no carts good deals that i usually walk out on .	negative	dealing
food	star because i ubered from my hotel only to find the location closed for renovations .	negative	improvement
food	ordered a fish ball and cake udon soup for . expensive , poor quality and little quantity !	negative	dish
food	hadley nelson at this location lacks costumer service respect , if your here , try talking to someone else !	negative	work
food	the credit card machine charged me . not . for a cash wash in their drive through bay . theft !	negative	currency
food	bruh this place is trash . the print center ? trash . the customer service ? trash ! the employees ? trash .	negative	consumer
food	all the stuff is over priced as far as goodwill goes . and the staff was not very pleasant	negative	personnel
food	rude and overly aggressive . if you like this kind of customer service this is your place to shop .	negative	consumer
food	the doctor was nice but the receptionist was beyond rude and unprofessional .	negative	secretary
food	completely hosed take out order missing meat in quesadillas , no drink or sides in kids meals .	negative	aliment
food	terrible . ignorant , oblivious jerks work there . they'll never see a penny of my money .	negative	misfit
food	good coffee , but received a really rude service from the tattooed guy i'll never go back to this branch	negative	man
food	supposed to take minutes to deliver . i have currently been waiting almost hours . not worth delivery .	negative	transport
food	there was a fatal shooting there today . need i say more ?	negative	actuation
food	pizza is somewhere between domino's and papa john's by less expensive and delivered faster	negative	dish
food	menu short , prices steep , did not like entree , totally disappointed , but hey the chicken salad was good .	negative	poultry
food	worst service ever . will never eat here again . just terrible . a low standard even for disney world	negative	work
food	don't call this ramen . instant noodle taste better . egg was old and hard . both tastes like vinegar . pork was dry .	negative	meat
food	wish i could give negative stars . this place is one of the worst from a service perspective .	negative	orientation
food	a business lunch . lovely view . disappointing salad . dinky . dirty chairs , which really surprised me .	negative	meal
food	this is a place strictly for club members , if you are not in the club , you may be unpleasantly surprised .	negative	baseball_team
food	the pho was pretty bad , had a weird smell and the quality of meet was terrible , and very oily	negative	attribute
food	unfortunately caught covid from this restaurant because the table next to me was physically exhibiting symptoms and were still served	negative	array
food	oz of cod , pasty mashed potatoes , greens all for . i wont' be back . better at elmer's .	negative	veg
food	nice ambience , friendly staff , mediocre coffee	negative	personnel
food	the supervisor was quite ignorant and the job wasn't done completely as expected	negative	activity
food	if you like wings , don't go here . the boneless wings literally tasted like they were soaked in bleach .	negative	whiteness
food	i think i'd rather have a dog fart in my face then do any kind of business here	negative	canine
food	no rinse cycle , call emergency number so i did not have to pay twice . nobody answered , had to pay agian .	negative	telephone
food	your fried calamari and scallops taste like the bubble gum that i find in my desk in school .	negative	seafood
food	arrived late , charged more than quoted , chimney not fully cleaned .	negative	flue
service	great pho . friendly staff . if you are in the area , you must try it .	positive	personnel
service	tap room is awesome . beers that they brew on tap . awesome beers . friendly staff and friendly atmosphere .	positive	personnel
service	charming small restaurant with an inventive menu and big flavors . best brunch ! the eggs benedict were delicious .	positive	meal
service	my favourite ramen joint ! very tasty soup not too salty . nice and clean atmosphere . would recommend to anyone .	positive	dish
service	this is my place to go for great wings and alcohol . would change it for any other place .	positive	drink
service	i have been coming here for years . great hygienist . ample seating and offer finance options for major dental work .	positive	room
service	my food was delicious , the guacamole is amazing and the staff was extremely friendly and attentive . will definitely go back !	positive	personnel
service	can't go wrong with anything you order ! love the crispy chicken madness , very spicy though !	positive	poultry
service	the enchiladas , tempeh bbq , blue owl sour beer were delicious , would be willing to pay more for a larger plate .	positive	brew
service	ramen was great , just a bit pricey .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
service	asked for the lean brisket yucca fries and grill roasted corn on the cob . aaaaaaaaaaaah ! hog heaven !	positive	tater
service	amazing place . if you love spirits . this is the place for you ! get there early and be ready to stand in line !	positive	alcohol
service	love this place , always find a nice and unique items . staff is always very helpful and courteous	positive	personnel
service	great vibe , great coffee , good food . highly recommend we ate breakfast here two days in a row . great staff !	positive	personnel
service	very speedy delivery , sashimi was fresh and tasty .	positive	transport
service	cheap beer , good selection , nice helpful staff . walking distance to my apartment , what more could you ask for ?	positive	personnel
service	absolutely fresh and delicious . very friendly too ! great atmosphere . highly recommended .	positive	condition
service	love the place , the energy , the music . got the portland bowl , authentic , fresh , great presentation . i will return !	positive	vessel
service	i've tried a few flavors that are good but my usual is the raspberry lime pop . never fails to disappoint	positive	ambiance
service	best creamy greek dressing anywhere . the chicken kabob salad and chicken kabob wrap are the best i've ever had !	positive	poultry
service	big , hearty sandwhiches , crisp curly fries and reasonably priced , brookline spa offers great value that won't bust your budget .	positive	tater
service	nice place , great food , and nice staff . great neighborhood restaurant !	positive	personnel
service	absolutely delicious ! added bonus healthy and fresh ingredients . most flavorful tofu that i have had !	positive	curd
service	delicious light and buttery scones . wheelchair accessible ! nice atmosphere . a relaxing place with high quality coffee .	positive	beverage
service	went for lunch with a friend . the food was fresh and good . didn't think it was standout though .	positive	meal
service	i loved their beer spaceship and their food squash pie delish ! . great taproom atmosphere	positive	spacecraft
service	sunday brunch after a hike . a little slow , but excellent food ! well worth the wait . great atmosphere and friendly staff .	positive	personnel
service	i really enjoy the food here . been here twice and it's always very tasty . i recommend the curry chicken !	positive	poultry
service	interesting menu . huge portions . fun place in nice neighborhood . line up wayyyyy too long .	positive	section
service	your food is awesome , we can't wait for you to open in hilliard so we will have a shorter drive !	positive	substance
service	really nice and helpful bartenders . plus a great beer selection and no douche bags .	positive	brew
service	seriously one of the best philly's i have had in a long time thanks guys keep up the good food	positive	man
service	excellent bar , excellent staff , excellent food . they do everything right at this place . best bar in gastown !	positive	personnel
service	star food , but the overall decor is average . overall an amazing experience . would highly recommend it .	positive	ornamentation
service	great price , friendly staff who knows thier products . i'm glad they opened this store up in our area .	positive	personnel
service	amazing burgers and atmosphere . too long to stand in line . courteous staff .	positive	personnel
service	great staff and reasonably priced . also a very trendy studio ! would highly recommend for a beginner	positive	personnel
service	love them ! an austinrita and fried avocado tacos and all is right with the world for me .	positive	mexican
service	god , how many times have i made the am dash to wally's back in the day .	positive	period
service	staff is very kind and seek to make it a pleasurable experience . food is on point too .	positive	personnel
service	highly recommend the guacamole for apps . it was delicious and made with pumpkin seeds .	positive	squash
service	love fresh kitchen ! the bowls are huge ! i love everything ! we get carry out for dinner all the time .	positive	meal
service	showed up close to closing on a weeknight . staff were very cheerful and accommodating . food was great ! and free parking !	positive	personnel
service	delicious . i'm enjoying the corned beef but i almost changed it to the salmon patties	positive	cows
service	can't beat the idyllic small town street outdoor venue with delicious coffee and mimosas .	positive	thoroughfare
service	love this place , everything i have tried is very tasty ! a must visit when i come to portland .	positive	requisite
service	efficient , gets through the line quickly and the owner is kind and friendly . convenient location with lots of parking .	positive	businessman
service	best beer selection in columbus . great staff ! lotsa parking . amazing general store .	positive	personnel
service	excellent food , reasonable price , and friendly staff . that is the best way to describe q'kenan restaurant .	positive	personnel
service	yum . great pairings with each course extra but worth it .	positive	instruction
service	bring a sweater or hoodie if you're hanging inside . it's always freeezing !	negative	garment
service	the beer , and the bartenders are among the best in portland . the food is very mediocre .	negative	brew
service	expensive but not upto the standard . served undercooked food . the place feels like a local joint	negative	substance
service	don't go here ! worst food ever ! i ordered . last night and wish i hadn't ! save urself the trouble !	negative	substance
service	horrible experience , extremely rude staff . never felt so disrespected by a bartender for no reason .	negative	personnel
service	not lgbtq friendly , in fact , not friendly at all . priced higher than most mani pedis . across the street is better .	negative	thoroughfare
service	my daughter saw a mouse , and her boyfriend was sick from the food .	negative	rodent
service	dirty . smelly . canned goods over a year old . this place acts like there's nobody running the show .	negative	speed
service	it's cineplex . need i say more ?	negative	verbalize
service	liars liars liars promise thing and do another typical big companies thats how the stay rich	negative	human_activity
service	well i truly experienced better . what is all this fuss for these mostly not tasty relatively expensive meals and loud restaurant ?	negative	aliment
service	meh . the coffee tastes burnt . okay prices but no actual coffee cups for in house . paper cups blah	negative	abode
service	save yourself the hassle . still waiting wks for refund after order never came through	negative	disturbance
service	review by shannon g on google reviews is completely accurate .	negative	assessment
service	ya . took hrs to get our food . multiple calls and multiple excuses . not the best experience , at all .	negative	telephony
service	wouldn't let me in . wasn't that drunk . why does this place even have a bouncer ?	negative	guard
service	our appointment was fairly odd . he showed up , seemed in a hurry to leave , and we never got an estimate .	negative	urgency
service	over price . for a short full set of pink and white acrylic	negative	value
service	average haircut , less than average straight razor shave by rachel . not worth the price tag .	negative	coiffure
service	horrible . the walls are super thin . me and my neoghbor have conversations across the wall . seriously .	negative	speech
service	didn't get my order right which was super simple . didn't have any personality . don't waste your time .	negative	instance
service	my god please , just go to hilton's tent city . much of the same with experienced staff and without the pretense .	negative	personnel
service	cool concept , needs a lot of improvement . the chef didn't know if their bread contained dairy products . really ?	negative	idea
service	meh . its applebee's . you should know what to expect . i just wish they would more vegetarian meals .	negative	aliment
service	drive thru takes half your life's time . you'll be coffin shopping by the time you get your twist cone .	negative	purchasing
service	this is not good chowder at all and is way overpriced . they really need to step up their game .	negative	soup
service	as of january , , mike's is closed forever . the website says gone riding . rip mike and company .	negative	computer
service	the boneless wings are not wings at all but heavily breaded chunks of breast meat . blue beer was decent	negative	brew
service	puppy mills . do not buy . but please go pet them to get their poor little toes off the cages .	negative	animal
service	well i think my optometry test was a failure , the prescription turned out not very accurate for reason	negative	experiment
service	overhyped . brisket was super dry and hard . parking space is limited and cops ticket around here , so be careful .	negative	room
service	barely any people here and yet it takes over mins to bring our food . not a great first experience .	negative	substance
service	underwhelmed or should i say overwhelmingly below average . just save yourself the aggravation and go somewhere else .	negative	statistic
service	employs open racist and white supremacist david kane . horrible professional move . horrible professor . shame on harvard .	negative	academic
service	total scam . do not let them steal your money . everything will feel off on your radar for a reason .	negative	medium_of_exchange
service	dumb people work there . like the dumbest . will not be buying anything here ever again . don't go here .	negative	group
service	got plastic wrap in chow main not happy camper	negative	cloak
service	it's a chain restaurant . far better than mcd's . the mac and cheese was for in causing urgent bowel issues .	negative	food
service	i was just told columbus operations have stopped .	negative	dealing
service	i haven't really eaten here but i love their dirty horchatas the small size tastes better .	negative	sensation
service	the pasta noodles are not al dente . twice my noodles come out sticky and mushy . the servings are small .	negative	pasta
service	wood won't burn . i will not be going back . a waste of .	negative	plant_material
service	terrible smoothies ! they tasted like sweaty gym socks mixed with dishwater with a dash of banana . so bad .	negative	hosiery
service	one person waiting on a line of people . doughnuts are mediocre at beat . don't waste your time .	negative	being
service	awful burger ! everything was cold , dry and tasteless . i will never return to this place much !	negative	point
service	talk about the american way to ruin sushi . wow . this is definitely it . the japanese would cringe if they knew about this !	negative	asian
service	way overpriced and whatever wait for the snarky comments from the owner how endearing	negative	businessman
service	his comments to me constitute a hipaa violation . he's very lucky i'm to busy to turn him in to hhs !	negative	statement
service	if you'd like to get treated like a disease instead of getting treated , you should definitely go here .	negative	illness
service	fresh , ok flavor , lots of options and family friendly . salsas are okay .	negative	condiment
place	nate did a great job . service was great and attentive . food was tasty . worth the stop .	positive	activity
place	atmosphere subdued yet comfortable . service friendly , professional , and attentive . food delicious !	positive	substance
place	carmen made us feel very welcome and provided great service . excellent presentation and delicious food . great experience and value .	positive	substance
place	excellent service . bison burger really flavorful and juicy . employees very nice and helpful .	positive	worker
place	this has become our regular dinner spot ! the curry is amazing ! the staff is always friendly !	positive	personnel
place	great pho . friendly staff . if you are in the area , you must try it .	positive	personnel
place	great food but fairly rude service the last time i went . i usually go with the barbacoa bowl .	positive	substance
place	get everything ! also check in with yelp to get free oysters while the deal lasts .	positive	bivalve
place	great sandwiches at a great price ! some of the best in central florida . if you haven't tried it you should !	positive	value
place	i got my eyebrows threaded here and they did a great job . very friendly staff and comfortable setting .	positive	personnel
place	everything's wonderful and pretty cheap . only complaint is that the macaroons are frozen .	positive	cookie
place	great hotel and great location . very clean and modern . large size property and large area for food and bar .	positive	possession
place	prompt service , excellent work , free advice and very affordable ! i would definitely use them again .	positive	work
place	the people here were great , really made an experience compared to other chain restaurants .	positive	building
place	love the burgers and free sides from yelp checkins .	positive	cry
place	good drinks , great outdoor seating , and tasty shrimp and salmon tacos . definitely worth a dinner trip	positive	meal
place	it was service was fantastic the food was above our expectation i give them five stars all good that room	positive	belief
place	very authentic chinese style egg pocket . with various choice of protein . chinese sausage very tasty .	positive	deciding
place	make sure stop by city all around coffee and food amazing iced coffee if it's hot out	positive	municipality
place	nice , friendly staff . cute atmosphere yummy wholesome , creative food ! loved it !	positive	personnel
place	the food was delicious . highly recommended . amazing service . ranks among my favorite thai restaurant in atlanta .	positive	substance
place	worked with jerry and the team . they were quick to help , kept there word and very reasonable . would highly recommend	positive	unit
place	i spent about hours here and did not even get through the children's section . overwhelming in an amazing way !	positive	music
place	really good pizza . fast cook time in a rotating wood fired oven . small sizes available .	positive	dish
place	delicious shawarma . the dinner plate fills me for lunch and dinner . i like the lamb one the best !	positive	meal
place	delicious food but rather noisy . best to choose the times you go and also avoid waits . but i'm a fan !	positive	substance
place	nachos tips are great ! service is top notch !	positive	work
place	great spot with incredibly friendly staff . a must try . classic north vancouver staple .	positive	personnel
place	literally would eat the entire menu ! so many yummy options and everyone loved their food !	positive	substance
place	outstanding pho and spring rolls along with excellent service . what's not to like about that for lake mary ?	positive	season
place	they are expert at cooking meat over hardwood coals . i had the beef rib from the menu . it was delicious .	positive	food
place	dr . boub's treatment has proven that my body is capable of healing . i trust her fully with my recovery .	positive	care
place	abigail knows what she's doing ! would recommend this salon !	positive	gallery
place	great buffet ! . . seafood soup was great ! great service . just in a strip mall . brick front .	positive	side
place	food and atmosphere was really great . did all appetizers and everything was good but nachos were outstanding .	positive	substance
place	great home town classic america pizza . huge slices , good toppings and good personable service . the garlic knots are delicious !	positive	abode
place	great starbucks . friendly and nice outdoor seating .	positive	room
place	weekend morning is the best time . almost anyone there and quiet .	positive	instance
place	wonderful meal ! we had the course meal and it was so good ! the steamed clams were great too !	positive	sustenance
place	one of the closes slices to a new york pie anywhere outside of the great city of new york	positive	pastry
place	lots of cool healthy snacks and foods . stop there to get a delicious healthy snack . and more .	positive	meal
place	goodbye size jeans , i just at the best pizza and it was inches ! awesome !	positive	farewell
place	pizza is always on point and the restaurant is clean along with nice employees win win !	positive	worker
place	leave kids at home or bring a booster seat . they don't have them service was nice . food was good .	positive	abode
place	awesome customer service with great food . i had the go turkey everything . it was the business .	positive	enterprise
place	best tacos in the city . always fresh and hot . el pastor are fantastic . look no further than tacos fogoncito .	positive	clergyman
place	very good nails in kisssimmee anything very good if you live in kisssimmee you need coming euro nails anh spa	positive	playground
place	had links removed ! took only minutes and and was done very well . no complaints here , would definitely recommend .	positive	written_account
place	it's a food truck with a picnic area . no disappointment here ! . tacos were so delicious ! highly recommend it !	positive	mexican
place	first time here . had the garvey burger and a vanilla shake . both were delicious . will come here again !	positive	instance
place	just wasting money ! food was terrible ! i think they cooked it so many days ago ! it was too bad !	negative	life
place	bad customer services waiter so rude i'll never come back el servicio al cliente horrible mesera sin educacion	negative	consumer
place	um . yeah . friendly ? yes . competent ? i agree with all the other star comments . upper management should be ashamed .	negative	statement
place	why does kptv still air the club ? pat robertson is disgusting .	negative	sound
place	the ice cream is bland . why are there no strawberries in my sb cone ? haiku review .	negative	assessment
place	exceedingly mediocre . don't waste your time if you're in a great food town like austin .	negative	municipality
place	the vision center never ever picks up the phone !	negative	imaging
place	apparently should have tried the torta , the enchiladas and huarache were unimpressive .	negative	sandal
place	this resterant is over hyped and over priced . i had the macaroni cheese and it was nasty !	negative	food
place	horrible customer services . they close earlier that posted . definitely disappointed and unhappy .	negative	consumer
place	horrible service . horrible food . horrible everything . loud children , inattentive service , cold bad food . never again !	negative	substance
place	went for dinner with my friend and ordered lentil soup and chicken marsala pasta . absolutely tasteless . nothing more to add .	negative	meal
place	worst experience ever . rude lady bad massage and overrated and over priced .	negative	woman
place	awful . food is never warm . looks like it has been left out	negative	substance
place	food overpriced . the online oredering stinks to hours for del	negative	substance
place	why don't you sale nikon s 's cameras that are water proof asshats ?	negative	selling
place	service is horrible food is mediocre drinks are watered down waitress spilled a tray of drinks near me enough said .	negative	waiter
place	read about the years of sexual abuse at this school . teachers were protected over young girls complaints . time's up !	negative	educator
place	a cool location and space inside . service was good but overall we thought it was just overpriced for bar food .	negative	substance
place	heard things about very racist treatment of ex patrons . i will never visit this location or any other .	negative	customer
place	nasty food served by nasty people ! avoid at all costs !	negative	substance
place	the slowest baristas in town . coffee not that good . i'll go out of my way to go to vic's .	negative	municipality
place	use to be a big fan . after the remodel , parking awful food just doesn't seem to be as good .	negative	change
place	seems like a lot of work to be so indifferent to your customers . eye contact is so .	negative	consumer
place	horrible ! flowers are dead for mothers day . the greenest part was the they got for the arrangement !	negative	parent
place	we've been standing at the front waited to be seated for minutes and literally nobody even acknowledged us .	negative	side
place	this location has been on a downhill slide for awhile now . avoid evening . or carry out .	negative	daytime
place	the owner always cuts way more bbq than you ask for . the quality of the other food is also questionable .	negative	substance
place	disappointingly inconsistent . some of the employees are great people and hard workers but management lacks organization .	negative	worker
place	bad and silly service , small space , no space for sitting . cool and different but no recommend	negative	work
place	terrible . do not go to authorized retailers . sheisty fucks	negative	distributor
place	i would not recommend working with front page realty . i echo previous thoughts they are unethical , as well as disrespectful .	negative	property
place	average thai . but , expensive and i always leave hungry . and i am not a big eater .	negative	asian
place	i can't believe how bad the food was today at this restaurant . don't bother going here and wasting your money .	negative	substance
place	worst hotpot ever . low quality meat . have no idea where their star review come from .	negative	assessment
place	tunnel , bridge , slingshot . anything but the ferries .	negative	boat
place	i got the feel that i am not welcome there ! seriously ! worst customer services i have seen in the us .	negative	consumer
place	the food is overpriced . the quality is disappointing . they should provide bread with their salads .	negative	substance
place	nice service . ramen is ordinary without extra . extraordinary , get it ? !	negative	work
place	witnessed another assault by employees against customers at this location . shocking but shocking anymore	negative	consumer
place	went here for brunch . wait staff is incredibly friendly . food is bland and way , way overpriced .	negative	personnel
place	worst service i have ever experienced i've been here for a hour and still haven't been served !	negative	work
place	service is awful ! should have looked at reviews before even wasting our time here . food was half decent if only .	negative	assessment
place	can't speak to what they carry because i've been twice during business hours and they aren't open . just a bummer .	negative	enterprise
place	extremely rude and abusive staff , especially at the food station . complete jerks .	negative	personnel
place	eh . for dollars that was not a very worthwhile lobster roll . no flavor .	negative	shellfish
place	crabstick nigiri ! ? like many other dishes only a dollar . but seriously . imitation crabstick nigiri ?	negative	crockery
place	waiting over an hour in the waiting room before finally leaving . rescheduling my spot with a different practice .	negative	unit_of_time
place	the people are nice but the two stars are for the food . worst hibachi in columbus .	negative	substance
place	terrible service , incredibly rude and smug . never go there .	negative	work
staff	stars to volkswagen atlanta ! especially to ryan , rose , and seth ! kind and helpful in every way ! thank you team !	positive	unit
staff	. really but i'll give it since it is cheap and a healthy alternative to a burrito .	positive	dish
staff	absolutely delicious ! huge portions , amazing service . we'll definitely spread the word and we'll be coming back soon . must try !	positive	work
staff	cool place , great beers . bartenders can get sidetracked , delaying service , but otherwise enjoyed on a couple of visits .	positive	pair
staff	clam chowder bread bowl is now but still so delicious	positive	starches
staff	probably one of the best places ive eaten at in austin . tacos are reasonably priced too .	positive	mexican
staff	it's so italian the ambiance is great on a nice summer afternoon sipping chilean cab and eating oysters .	positive	ingestion
staff	great burgers , crispy fries , and incredible frappes . on top of that incredibly friendly people working there and a great ambiance .	positive	tater
staff	great food , great meatballs , warm service , and wonderful dessert . what's not to like . we will be coming here again .	positive	substance
staff	i visited michael yesterday for my first massage in years . a great experience all around !	positive	archangel
staff	what a good place to get some tacos and nachos . good value and a great tiny location .	positive	mexican
staff	relaxing atmosphere . highly trained therapists . i've never had a bad massage here . love the renovations !	positive	improvement
staff	lasagna was amazing ! service is great . perfect for a quick casual lunch or dinner !	positive	meal
staff	favorite spot for cajun food . shrimp po boy is consistently yummy and the beignets are delish .	positive	male
staff	good food and good service ! mongolian is my favorite .	positive	substance
staff	exceptionally churros , cool little atmosphere . i had the wake and bake with frozen banana chips and espresso whip cream .	positive	coffee
staff	we had the course tasting menu two regular and one vegetarian . absolutely worth every cent .	positive	eater
staff	comes here very often for dinner or late night eats . their steamers are fantastic . pizza and burgers are great too .	positive	meal
staff	great service , nice atmosphere , and wonderful food . top picks are the gnocchi and the 'cheese' platter .	positive	dumplings
staff	place smells amazing . great beer selection . cool atmosphere . they apparently let anyone in . trust me . anyone .	positive	brew
staff	my favorite place to grab a beer ! trent is awesome ! he knows his stuff and makes us feel at home .	positive	abode
staff	excellent service and large portions for my gyro salad ! love the spreads sauces looking forward to leftovers tomorrow .	positive	condiment
staff	the food was super fresh , and they have a great draft beer selection . the steak chimichurri tacos are awesome .	positive	brew
staff	food is very good , authentic .	positive	substance
staff	excellent and fresh food ! true authentic greek flavor and great service ! make this your go to greek place !	positive	substance
staff	good , cheap burgers and cold beer served in a iced mug . a little divy . great place to go with friends !	positive	brew
staff	even love there enchilada's stuff flounder and tilapia they're beer selection is awesome .	positive	brew
staff	best wings around ! nothing in this world can beat the parmesan garlic !	positive	cheese
staff	food was amazing . customer service was amazing . drinks were pricey but strong so kinda worth it .	positive	consumer
staff	everything we had was great ! avocado toast , the breakfast board and spread breakfast . perfect ! go here . great service too !	positive	meal
staff	the fruit waffle with nutella and peanut butter will change your life . it's absolutely amazing ! the boys are awesome too .	positive	existence
staff	been here twice now , very happy with my nails both times . great customer service , very accommodating and friendly .	positive	consumer
staff	great juicy burger and the oreo milkshake might be the best milkshake in the city ! recommend !	positive	municipality
staff	good area , fast maintenance requests responses , feels safe .	positive	repair
staff	live entertainment , good food , and great drinks ! till ! best tapas in the atl .	positive	recreation
staff	so delicious and perfect for individuals on whole . sweet and sour chicken with a side of zoodles and pesto .	positive	poultry
staff	holy cannoli , yes yes yes ! can't go wrong with any of the flavored cannoli but the ricotta is my favorite !	positive	cheese
staff	easy airport to navigate . liitle old school , but does the job !	positive	airfield
staff	best coffee on or around georgia tech campus . needs more seating .	positive	beverage
staff	out of this world empanadas . , omg , hot and soft freshly baked pandesal . superb and super friendly service .	positive	work
staff	we probably caught the last minutes of live music , but great music , helpful bartenders . soooo many beers ! ?	positive	brew
staff	pretty good ice cream place with interesting flavours . a bit on pricey side , but money well spent .	positive	ambiance
staff	good , inexpensive dinner . got the falafel and the beef kofta kabobs with dolmas and baba ghanouj .	positive	meal
staff	get everything ! also check in with yelp to get free oysters while the deal lasts .	positive	bivalve
staff	i love it ! beautiful , fun , entertaining . i will come back at my very first opportunity .	positive	recreation
staff	lily does great nail art and shellac nails . love the pedicures too .	positive	creation
staff	might fine beer selection . great selection of growlers . bar keep very knowledgeable and funny . no frills bar .	positive	brew
staff	cold brew is strong and aromatic . cappuccino was super frothy . portland stumpy is better than the rest !	positive	coffee
staff	great food , home cooked and authentic . we will bring friends back here !	positive	abode
staff	pretty good prices , smaller portions . sandwiches are best bang for your buck . food is amazing .	positive	blow
staff	keep moving down the road . this place is disgusting . the ac lines leak from the ceiling , no ice , nothing clean .	negative	way
staff	sauce is way too sweet . crust was overlooked and prices were too high . don't think we will get again .	negative	value
staff	service was very slow ! not the best experience .	negative	work
staff	small portions and the guy isn't very friendly . i also think it's important to pronounce food correctly .	negative	man
staff	worst customers experience in vancouver yet . rude and unprofessional , especially this sweet girl vicky .	negative	woman
staff	waited minutes for a cup of coffee on labor day . had only one cashier working ! nice !	negative	beverage
staff	bread gets soggy . sandwiches are unnecessarily heavy .	negative	snack_food
staff	meh . below par for me . kinda gross . maybe i ordered the wrong dishes but it was all kinda nasty .	negative	crockery
staff	these are more hype than substance to me . i tried them once . cake donuts , heavy , taste the oil .	negative	matter
staff	the food took way too long , more than forty minutes to be served , and was not properly cooked .	negative	substance
staff	they put the bowls in the bag without shutting the lids all of the way . careless mistake	negative	container
staff	gourmet panini press ? go fuck yaself , cheddo .	negative	sensualist
staff	closes at pm worst service kicked out by management terrible oh my god f ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffgffffffffffffffffffffffu	negative	end
staff	mediocre sushi , menu is small for sushi rolls and they are pricey . i would not return any time soon .	negative	instance
staff	leading the city in auto thefts , and larceny from vehicles , happy shopping	negative	purchasing
staff	very misleading on groupon , very scammy . don't buy the groupon , don't bother going here .	negative	acquire
staff	eh , what can i say ? the food is ok when everywhere else is closed o'clock in the morning .	negative	substance
staff	not my scene . just really fake the people try to hard . eek	negative	group
staff	receptionist could be be more accommodating to new customers in booking an appointment . does not help customer acquisition .	negative	acquiring
staff	they added an additional . of fees to my bill for days rental .	negative	life
staff	i've gone here like times during business hours in the last month and it's always closed . what's going on ?	negative	enterprise
staff	if you like slop nachos you'll love this place . it was flavorless and gross . disgusting .	negative	feed
staff	stars for smiling service minus stars for the food equals . stars	negative	substance
staff	customer service is poor . i love target thought . go to the lenox location for better service and clean store .	negative	consumer
staff	weak ass soup . very disappointed . much better noodle soups to be found . sliders looked good though .	negative	pasta
staff	i did not like this place at all . there wasn't that much food and the food tasted bland .	negative	substance
staff	seriously loud spot . pizza was ok but appies were so bland and heavy . expected more	negative	dish
staff	one one check out line open p maybe fewer folks selling phones and few more ringing customers out	negative	consumer
staff	awful service . we ended up walking out with not even getting our food yet . that's how bad slow the service was .	negative	substance
staff	can't speak to what they carry because i've been twice during business hours and they aren't open . just a bummer .	negative	enterprise
staff	i'm not sure why they call this place mexican grill ? this is clearly not mexican food . this food is salvadoran .	negative	substance
staff	but mama , i don't feel 'morbidly obese . '	negative	mother
staff	super dirty , smells gross , this place is a joke . twins down the road is way better than this . so disappointed	negative	way
staff	i just tried calling them like times , and it was busy signal every time .	negative	communication
staff	bought diffusers but when i got home they were only full . impossible to get anyone about exchanging	negative	abode
staff	very inconsistent sushi . service is good . closed by inspectional services . not a good sign .	negative	work
staff	rude service ! not all schlotzsky's are the same !	negative	work
staff	poor service , cashier sometimes are very rude with attitude . caught them grabbing donuts with bare hand couple times .	negative	pair
staff	i got the veggie breakfast burrito . it was very average . waitress counter lady was super friendly delightful however .	negative	waiter
staff	assholes own this place , don't pay their contractors . karma is a bitch , mosquitoes are your plague .	negative	builder
staff	first time going here . terrible service , worse food . don't waste time and money .	negative	substance
staff	the way they treat their employees is ridiculous , abusive , and against the law .	negative	worker
staff	very slow service . hours for oil change and the customer lounge area smells terrible !	negative	consumer
staff	your classic airport book news vendor . high priced and nothing 'book people y' about it .	negative	merchant
staff	do not come here . it continues to be terrible all raw burgers . they don't cook their burgers at all .	negative	go
staff	just wasn't good . lousy massage . outdated appearance . smelled musty . spent more time touching my back and legs than my feet .	negative	quality
staff	this one star goes to yelp . all the good reviews were filtered out . is this why they closed ?	negative	assessment
staff	horrific service and attitude . waitress seemed frustrated to take our orders . greasy food . avoid at all cost .	negative	waiter
staff	horrible host . extremely horrible management . but brooke was amazing ! there's other restaurants very similar with way better service	negative	work
staff	horrible place to buy a car from . if you can stay away from this dealership please do .	negative	business
time	great bistro with a killer happy hour menu . try the steak frites .	positive	eatery
time	not bad at all . definitely worth stopping by . friendly staff , clean restaurant and most important fresh delicious ingredients .	positive	personnel
time	they have the best decaf coffee i've ever tasted . glad i found them !	positive	coffee
time	a haiku review sweet portlandia i bow before you , humbled do not stab me please	positive	assessment
time	reasonably priced and they have vegan sushi options !	positive	dish
time	great food and a wide selection of beer ! going back for more !	positive	brew
time	ordered the blueberry pancakes and breakfast tacos . the portions are big but the food is good !	positive	meal
time	the city of chamblee is definately growing with businesses and great opportunities for employment .	positive	enterprise
time	super amazing beer and food . they also have fun games . nice place to hangout !	positive	brew
time	friendly service . reasonable price . fun for all of us . some challenge but not frustrating for the kids ! we'd come back .	positive	value
time	i just find it weird that there's the fbi building right next door . kind people , and comfortable rooms	positive	group
time	love it . yummy tapas , good sized portions , and cheaper than i expected .	positive	bark
time	wonderful meeting room space . great audio equipment . nice carpets . small and intimate .	positive	gathering
time	thanks to berryline delicious frozen yogurt not too caloric	positive	food
time	coffee is good , also don't forget to order the sandwitch . very yummy !	positive	beverage
time	aroma bakery is hands down the best bakery on the south shore . their pasteries are always fresh and delish .	positive	shop
time	quick acxess , friendly service regular gas . today fresh pastries . after pm until truck comes to restock .	positive	dough
time	a real experience . authentic food at a great price . service was great and beer was even better ! thanks .	positive	brew
time	great coffee and huge salads . got the house blend salad and it was delicious ! great spot for a quick bite .	positive	abode
time	i ordered the grilled salmon with hot sauce . it was divine . get the hush puppies . seriously .	positive	dog
time	seriously some of the best pho in town . way better than for soup !	positive	municipality
time	try the peanut butter chip . excellent .	positive	food
time	creative and original mexican dining in a casual and intimate setting	positive	eating
time	excellent and cheap weekend brunch for being in the dead center of yaletown ! food and ambience was great . recommend highly .	positive	meal
time	my favorite breakfast lunch spot in melbourne . and they serve jones soda from the fountain !	positive	meal
time	it has great set lunches and dinners for great price try the popcorn chicken ! chinese style	positive	poultry
time	friendly staff and great cocktails . cornhole and other games outside on the lawn with great scenery !	positive	personnel
time	jocelyn is great for a color and cut . highly recommend	positive	visual_property
time	love the food here . i will ll definitely come here again . the fried calamari is great . love their seafood !	positive	seafood
time	very good , healthy food . veg chili is great . seasonally their pumpkin bisque is great . and smoothies are always good .	positive	soup
time	comfort food hit the spot in every visit . versatile place for business or personal events .	positive	enterprise
time	we had a great birthday dinner with steak , wine , friends , music , fun and even met bobby steiner in the bar .	positive	meal
time	crown memorial center employees were very easy to work with , very thoughtful and caring . i highly recommend their services .	positive	worker
time	crawfish etouffee and boudin balls were amazing . will tell everyone i know about this place !	positive	game_equipment
time	the new pretzel bites are awesome ! we always stop here when headed to the short north !	positive	cracker
time	cheap beer including bodhi ! , good dart boards , and pool ! late night slice attached too	positive	brew
time	loved it . really good food and huge portions . awesome full bar and a wonderful staff . i would definitely go back .	positive	personnel
time	enjoyed myself . the menu has a lot of great delicious varieties to choose from . will visit back again .	positive	collection
time	this place is heaven . everything is so beautifully displayed too it's hard to pick hehe	positive	part
time	omg . just amazing . this pizza is the best ! the ingredients are fresh and it's way better than any pizza chain .	positive	component
time	awesome food ! great bbq , sides and desserts . looks plain on the outside and inside but man it's good eating !	positive	ingestion
time	fantastic crust . the only real deficiency is their lack of buffalo mozzarella as a topping .	positive	bison
time	quick to reply , efficient , fair pricing . will use reglaze for my other projects . thank you	positive	valuation
time	convenient , good variety , affordable hard to beat for a school cafeteria	positive	restaurant
time	best sweet and sour chicken i've had in my entire life .	positive	poultry
time	unfortunately , this place closed earlier this year . they are being replaced by an italian restaurant .	positive	building
time	awesome atmosphere in a great location . really good and creative drinks that are priced for that part of town .	positive	municipality
time	good ! yes you can find better sushi for triple price tag . but what they serve is simply amazing for .	positive	label
time	the service here is amazing ! everyone was friendly and welcomed me immediately . the chef's are obviously well trained too !	positive	work
time	great experience with preflight their staff , the location , and the pre paid price . we will definitely use this company again !	positive	personnel
time	handles food with no gloves . i seen not a single person that was handling food wear gloves .	negative	substance
time	total rip off way too expensive . complained to manager did not respond appropriately .	negative	administrator
time	went for lunch today the wings where clearly warmed up and dried out the picture xzavier was good i	negative	meal
time	we waited here for minutes . nobody said hello or even gave us menus so we left .	negative	bill
time	i'll be brief do not go to this restaurant . place smells like pee , food is terrible , super expensive . horrible place !	negative	substance
time	undercooked ! overpriced ! but very clean and seems to have really good quality ingredients .	negative	component
time	i find the cannoli filling too sweet , doesn't taste of ricotta .	negative	cheese
time	the ambiance is nice . good crowd . just don't order the the fish and chips ! it came out like rubber .	negative	latex
time	the food was okay over priced . they make their own chocolate . get rid of paola . fresca !	negative	substance
time	high prices , incompetent maintenance technicians and poorly installed systems are the atlas butler way . stay away !	negative	value
time	cut the crap with the drink prices , you act like you're the kings of dubai . food is below average .	negative	value
time	when in the realm of bland big box stores , eat at bland big box restaurants , i suppose .	negative	container
time	rated one star only for its convenient location . the lowest quality of food .	negative	substance
time	had a chicken sandwich with fries it wasn't that good . had drinks paid . dollars .	negative	poultry
time	love the food ! it's the staff especially the young lady with the pink mask at the door . very rude !	negative	personnel
time	the reptiles are extremely mistreated ! cohabitating , in completely wrong enclosures , access to toxic plants for an animal , unclean .	negative	vertebrate
time	douchebag central . their mixed drinks sucked . save your head across the street to sligo .	negative	thoroughfare
time	they closed the doors permanently . and didn't tell their amazing crew ! i won't support any of their establishments again .	negative	unit
time	you spend hours looking around in the store and then hours in line to checkout this is ridiculous .	negative	outlet
time	abysmal customer service , very impolite employees . i had a dreadful experience here absolutely dreadful	negative	consumer
time	cheap , large , garbage quality sushi . stock up if you don't care about quality and just want to get full .	negative	capital
time	the bar is kinda smelly , not a place to enjoy a good glass of wine .	negative	alcohol
time	never use this service . they do hard inquiry and pull your ssn without your permission	negative	approval
time	are you kidding me ? expensive , low portions , lousy food ! ordered take out and threw it out . never again .	negative	substance
time	dosas are just normal . nothing great . fancy dosas are full of paneer cottage cheese and oily .	negative	house
time	the bartenders need to be more generous in their pour . there's much better more economical choices like twigs next door .	negative	deciding
time	the worst coffee i've ever had . who doesn't have half half ? almond milk curdles genius ! watery , overpriced and disgusting .	negative	beverage
time	hostess was rude and they discriminate against large parties . manager did little to rectify the situation . very disappointing .	negative	administrator
time	not amazed by this location . service was unacceptable and disappointing , easily puts wingstop in shame .	negative	work
time	pretty overpriced for a very limited menu and not much i haven't seen before but done better at other restaurants .	negative	building
time	the love hate relationship continues . mostly because the service upstairs was so snotty	negative	work
time	worst customer service ever . the guy does not want people here .	negative	man
time	food poisoning central . this place is nasty and i wish i could give a zero star .	negative	substance
time	i was violently sick all morning wednesday , eleven hours after having their sour cream chicken enchiladas . eww .	negative	poultry
time	worst customer service ever but i must admit the food is good . but can't make up for the environment of unsatisfactory !	negative	consumer
time	way too slow ! unless you want to waste twenty minutes , i recommend not using their drive through .	negative	written_account
time	this place defines average . tough steak in the steak wrap , vastly overpriced drinks and terrible service stay away	negative	cloak
time	boycott all walmart's they are laying off their seniors and disabled people it's bullshit	negative	group
time	the sit down restaurant is so not worth it . just get a bagel to go .	negative	building
time	the variety of beer , etc is great , food is average for a chain type restaurant . not a lot of variety .	negative	kind
time	pupusas are great but the owner is an absolute prick . deserved no tip at all . service is absolute garbage .	negative	businessman
time	great atmosphere . friendly , talented bar tenders . tasteless lobster roll . too bad .	negative	shellfish
time	coffee was not very good . my husband and i couldn't finish them . service was ok . dirty and smelled weird inside .	negative	spouse
time	worthless . at noon , the chicken should not be all dried out . sides were ok . pretty expensive for what you get .	negative	poultry
time	the waitor is extremely rude and he ruined my birthday . food is okay but does not worth the price .	negative	anniversary
time	food was just okay . pasta dishes did not taste fresh . prices were way too expensive for what you get .	negative	crockery
time	generic food and restaurant is very dark . pinacolda was also week . i expected more all around for this place .	negative	substance
time	food was awful . my husband and i were sick the rest of the day . very limited seating .	negative	spouse
time	ice cream was okay but was freezer burned . the place is pretty dirty and has kids toys everywhere .	negative	fridge
customer	delicious pizza . worth waiting for a table . vesuvio is the perfect pick if you like spicy food .	positive	array
customer	great island atmosphere . excellent service . the drinks definitely pack a punch ! and let's not forget the awesome food !	positive	substance
customer	i love jeremiah's in general , and this location is no exception . i highly recommend the salted caramel with vanilla !	positive	candy
customer	i love chicken express , fast and always welcoming ! i love their fried pickles , never get enough of them !	positive	poultry
customer	so needed . great foot massage . place was clean but not pristine . make an appointment . they are always booked .	positive	decision
customer	good drinks , great outdoor seating , and tasty shrimp and salmon tacos . definitely worth a dinner trip	positive	meal
customer	best pizza in boston . sausage and garlic pizza is outstanding , and a must try .	positive	meat
customer	delicious light and buttery scones . wheelchair accessible ! nice atmosphere . a relaxing place with high quality coffee .	positive	beverage
customer	great salmon and eggs platter . always fresh and quality food . service was quick and friendly .	positive	flatware
customer	cacao ! yes . all the chocolate . matt and i agree . justin also agrees . omg . the white chocolate . it was ridiculous .	positive	drink
customer	great massaman curry . alway seems to be full . limited parking . the tom ka soup is very good here .	positive	dish
customer	beef pho is good to my standard . bar is nice . waitress in the front desk is not friendly	positive	waiter
customer	the best pizza in danvers by far , well run business , reasonable prices .	positive	enterprise
customer	great service , excellent burgers ! friendly and very efficient server . awesome milkshakes . will go back !	positive	drink
customer	great nail salon . the staff is amazing . love the decor and attention to detail here . will definitely be back !	positive	personnel
customer	absolutely the best fake meat i've ever had . even my skeptical meat eating friends love it . favorite restaurant for sure !	positive	food
customer	favorite nail salon ! clean , serene and the nicest techs i've ever met . beautiful execution on my gel full set !	positive	assemblage
customer	just stunning im amazed at what they did with the terrace and courtyard and the pool , gym just gorgeous	positive	area
customer	very nice shop . they have a huge selection of fabric at great prices .	positive	value
customer	tasty , cheap , plenty of vegetarian options as long as you eat dairy .	positive	farm
customer	the coffee is way better since it chaged from being haven ! there is outdoor seating when it's nice out btw .	positive	beverage
customer	needs stars not sure if my edit changed so i'm doing it again , great food . that's what's important .	positive	modify
customer	i love the coffee and i love the space . they also offer homemade almond milk , which is amazing !	positive	beverage
customer	great shopping and beautiful place ! i would highly recommend . great high end designers !	positive	purchasing
customer	excellent food . but their palak paneer is not that good . everything else yum . enjoyed our meal last night .	positive	sustenance
customer	love the food ! great sandwiches ! their food is always spot on delicious ! just stuff your face and be happy !	positive	snack_food
customer	love love this place and the crab legs are the best . our server kimmie is so helpful and friendly .	positive	decapod
customer	hands down best coffee in town . we had cappuccino and cold drip . makes all other coffee taste like crap .	positive	municipality
customer	thank you nicole knight for the beautiful haircut ! it's my favorite one in a long time !	positive	coiffure
customer	i am a fan of seafood and mcgrath's is a good place to go .	positive	device
customer	great atmosphere . nice place to chill and unwind , and the baristas are all very friendly !	positive	condition
customer	black friday line was ridiculously long , yet i still got taken care of in a matter of minutes !	positive	concern
customer	available parking , good craft beer	positive	brew
customer	the breakfast tacos are also top notch . try the good morning with chorizo , egg , refried black beans . or the migas tacos .	positive	sausage
customer	ok this man can make a pizza ! and at a decent price considering the high quality ! so delicious !	positive	value
customer	good tea and not so great coffee my friends felt that coffee had a burnt taste cool place to hangout .	positive	beverage
customer	great food and a fun location . i love the risotto sticks . monday's they have oysters	positive	bivalve
customer	best yogurt i've ever had . i now travel there once a week . the low fat honey is my favorite .	positive	sweetener
customer	exceptional service . weekday morning specials early in day . reasonably priced throughout the day . plenty of seating without a wait .	positive	work
customer	great food and people . tiara is a awesome server ! will for sure be back to have more good times .	positive	substance
customer	went to an event here this past weekend . liked the venue and the decorum .	positive	propriety
customer	one of the best restraunts in all of portland ! the portions are big too , also go during happy hour	positive	unit_of_time
customer	this is a fantastic sweet tomato's . clean quiet . the carrot cream cheese lava cake is heaven !	positive	food
customer	excellent food and romario is a great server . loved the experience . would definitely come again .	positive	substance
customer	forgot about this place but there pizza is always so fire ! definitely highly recommend !	positive	dish
customer	great lobster roll ! fast service and great value . the special combo is perfect for lunch . would definitely recommend .	positive	meal
customer	one of my favorite places to eat in sw portland . so many good menu choices and quick , friendly service .	positive	deciding
customer	absolutely delicious and authentic . the best italian food i've ever had in america . would highly recommend .	positive	substance
customer	love this for breakfast and lunch . very friendly people , great coffee , huge sandwiches that are exceptionally tasty .	positive	meal
customer	my favorite mexican restaurant in columbus . so sad i no longer live close .	positive	building
customer	dollar cover ? expensive drinks that contain no alcohol ? crowd is no fun . not so much .	negative	drink
customer	the food was good but the young lady that took the order was incredibly rude .	negative	woman
customer	sadly the place that once was that was worth of great reviews is no more .	negative	assessment
customer	decent effort . great meat flavor but the bread was not fresh	negative	food
customer	we just ordered from here and our garlic knots are legitimately moldy absolutely disgusting	negative	clump
customer	minutes to get order . prices too high . crispy pata burnt . food tasted horrible . service marginal at best .	negative	value
customer	worst food . . the food was cold to start off with . . arrogant waiters and below average food .	negative	substance
customer	do they realize they're a goodwill and not a retail store ? ! i'm so offended by these prices	negative	value
customer	service is exceptionally slow . sad seeing a few scrambling and a lot of other bodies hanging in back .	negative	work
customer	place is not good . rude staff . will never eat here again . my kids didn't enjoy it either . bland burger meat .	negative	personnel
customer	nice place nice people . didn't honor yelp offer and said this is not our yelp page .	negative	folio
customer	the service was slow and food wasn't delivered timely . suggest management give thought to adding more staff .	negative	personnel
customer	little touristy . margs and rest of menu suspect . like visiting orlando . very chain	negative	bill
customer	this location is closed permanently and the furnishings after being auctioned by the end of january .	negative	accessory
customer	the people here were sorta stingy with the sample cups , and the froyo is bland	negative	example
customer	sketch bartenders . watch your drinks , ladies . could be a great place , but needs new staff .	negative	personnel
customer	doc williams nice , compassionate front office mean , disrespectful an embarrassment to humanity	negative	place_of_business
customer	things have gone downhill and it's just best to stay away .	negative	belongings
customer	small portions , not cheap , mediochre food , so so drinks you are captive inan airport . do not expect much	negative	airfield
customer	disappointing . pan seared halibut had no texture or flavor	negative	flatfish
customer	got the brisket and sides . it was alright . better bbq places in this town for sure .	negative	municipality
customer	if you think iceberg lettuce and mayo tastes delicious , this is the sandwich shop for you .	negative	sensation
customer	nice atmosphere , but food is so so and especially overpriced . small plates and big bill .	negative	substance
customer	horrible service , and waitress forgot about out order and didn't really show any emotion about it food was okay	negative	waiter
customer	dairy queen is no good , has no healthy or veggie options . they are bad for our health and community .	negative	well-being
customer	don't waste your time or money with these people ! they ignore work requests phone calls safety issues !	negative	instance
customer	depressing zoo . it's sad to see the animals like this .	negative	organism
customer	don't go here ! they glued my eyelashes to my eyelids . i tried to call them and never heard back !	negative	hair
customer	this place defines average . tough steak in the steak wrap , vastly overpriced drinks and terrible service stay away	negative	cloak
customer	was that a large rat running across the floor , or a small nutria ? i won't be back to investigate further .	negative	rodent
customer	very cold . decor too dark . service lacked attention to detail . but our waiter was nice !	negative	ornamentation
customer	if they cannot figure out how to properly submit a claim to your insurance what else can't they do right ! ? ! ? !	negative	assertion
customer	disappointed to find melting ice cream . favorite place . so sad . fix your equipment . fail	negative	instrumentation
customer	hideous pizza . la z house made sausage , uninteresting sauce , no onions . go buy yourself a digiorno	negative	abode
customer	service and food was sub par tonight . chef o , i am disappointed . will not be back for a while .	negative	cook
customer	not very attentive service and honestly the bar felt a bit grimy and dirty .	negative	work
customer	had the brisket sandwich . mostly fat on what appeared to be a hotdog bun . very disappointed .	negative	bread
customer	food is over priced for how average it tastes . even the non hop beers are overly hoppy	negative	jump
customer	well . not impressed . warm spicy tuna roll . flavourless broth in the tonkatsu . gyoza were delicious .	negative	soup
customer	meh . literally get my order wrong every time and the quality isn't as good as the north location .	negative	attribute
customer	zero stars ! the food is below average , and the service is the worst i've ever run in to ! stay away !	negative	substance
customer	highly dislike . monorails always smell horribly like urine ! walk , use the buses or boat .	negative	watercraft
customer	you have to wait for ages for cup of milk tea . it definetely does not . worth the price !	negative	beverage
customer	don't order unless you're cool with waiting hours for cold , burnt cookies . you've been warned .	negative	cake
customer	the owner always cuts way more bbq than you ask for . the quality of the other food is also questionable .	negative	substance
customer	hidden fees . you won't pay the price you see on expedia , priceline , etc . don't waste your time .	negative	value
customer	sweet can pay triple for subway . yes please	negative	railroad
customer	such slow service . never again . i could've ran around seawall faster than the service here .	negative	work
customer	one of the worst manager and all false statements . never ever trust them . they're money before and after attitude	negative	administrator
customer	they never called back , never solved issues we had , claimed they sent notices that were not delivered . awful .	negative	announcement
atmosphere	great little pub . they're open late , have great service and tasty food . the sunday brunch is delicious !	positive	tavern
atmosphere	this place is awesome ! try the iced turbo . it is worth the drive from houston .	positive	propulsion
atmosphere	seriously one of the best lattes i ever had . don't miss out !	positive	espresso
atmosphere	first chance at a gluten free cupcake dessert since discovering my gluten sensitivity . best cupcake i've had even w gluten .	positive	possibility
atmosphere	best mexican food in epcot , the pulled pork is awesome .	positive	meat
atmosphere	this place was a very nice surprise . the food was delicious and did not disappoint . service was great . highly recommended .	positive	astonishment
atmosphere	emily is incredibly skilled and intuitive . i would not hesitate making an appointment with her !	positive	decision
atmosphere	love their food ! great place ! loved the taiwanese noodles	positive	pasta
atmosphere	place is great ! everyone's so nice and damian did an amazing job . found myself a new barber !	positive	activity
atmosphere	they have salt and pepper squid ! . and that's all i need to know . all th food is amazing !	positive	seafood
atmosphere	amazing fish , large portion of slaw , normal disney prices . just enough seats to have to wait when it's crowded .	positive	salad
atmosphere	one of the better sushi track restaurants around , good sushi , good prices and tasty sake .	positive	value
atmosphere	great sandwiches dog friendly loved it !	positive	canine
atmosphere	omg great place for brunch ! we had the chicken waffles and the pecan french toast ! absolutely delicious !	positive	poultry
atmosphere	i posted on wrong restaurant . can't figure out how to delete the post altogether .	positive	illustration
atmosphere	came here twice for the best beef bourguignon , it is amazing . a cheap price for authentic french taste !	positive	value
atmosphere	can't beat their . slice prices . the chicken sandwich . medium was calorific and therefore delicious .	positive	poultry
atmosphere	service food everything amazing ! fast friendly high quality everything you would want ! how do they consistently do it !	positive	substance
atmosphere	got a lobster roll here yesterday and it was delicious ! would recommend if you want seafood for a moderate price .	positive	shellfish
atmosphere	who doesn't like books ? find a book , buy a book , its what they do .	positive	publication
atmosphere	nimnim has quick turnaround , and competitive rates . i've been using them for months now , and they have always delivered !	positive	tax
atmosphere	got drip coffee black and it was delicious ! vibes are nice here too . vegan options available too .	positive	flowing
atmosphere	very nice and intelligent doctor . nice staff . good location . nice selection of attractive glasses . very good overall . would recommend !	positive	personnel
atmosphere	this was a very fun experience , the zip line was amazing and all the employees were helpful and extremely friendly .	positive	worker
atmosphere	didn't know where to take my family for dinner . hit the jackpot coming here . excellent service . brownie sundae for dessert !	positive	meal
atmosphere	really nice and helpful bartenders . plus a great beer selection and no douche bags .	positive	brew
atmosphere	big b's was a great little place . the staff was great , friendly helpful and knowledgeable . price reasonable . good selection . key lime pie yummm	positive	personnel
atmosphere	i miss this place , especially the no name and chicken fingers , now that i live states and states away . o	positive	poultry
atmosphere	only popped in for a cappuccino but can say it was excellent ! ambience is good as well . lovely staff .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	so good ! best ginger salad and mushroom onion soup !	positive	agaric
atmosphere	rad shit . good for gifts and the staff are nice and helpful .	positive	personnel
atmosphere	flying biscuit is kinda weird but in the best way . their servers are cool . it's a chill breakfast brunch spot .	positive	meal
atmosphere	building is reallllllly small , pizza is god . customer service good . outdoor seating only	positive	construction
atmosphere	lunch for dollars corn bean salad with avo , simple , yum , and cheap . haiku review	positive	assessment
atmosphere	great tartar foie gras spanish music and steaks	positive	salt
atmosphere	i ordered the grilled salmon with hot sauce . it was divine . get the hush puppies . seriously .	positive	dog
atmosphere	had the crab and avocado salad and it was absolutely delicious . great service as well .	positive	dish
atmosphere	i walked in looking a little lost , and an employee immediately asked if he could help me with anything . thanks !	positive	worker
atmosphere	best tacos . the lengua and deschebrada are insanely good . traditional mexican food at good prices .	positive	value
atmosphere	i come here everyday . it is really delicious ! , especially bubble black tea latte !	positive	espresso
atmosphere	awesome . great concept . fantastic , friendly chef . creative , fun , tasty , and kind . what else could ya ask for ?	positive	idea
atmosphere	alex was amazing ! best breakfast spot in altamonte springs fl . quality is definitely here !	positive	meal
atmosphere	the food here is fucking great and don't get me started with the mimosas ! best place to have brunch !	positive	meal
atmosphere	i eat here every couple weeks , and it's been extremely good food every single time . i would highly recommend it .	positive	pair
atmosphere	great food and people . tiara is a awesome server ! will for sure be back to have more good times .	positive	substance
atmosphere	great sushi ! the service is awesome they guided me seamlessly as i navigated raw vs cooked options .	positive	work
atmosphere	pretty much the best place in chinatown . excellent sandwiches and other southeast asian snacks .	positive	meal
atmosphere	love the balls , and the chef driver is one friendly dude .	positive	man
atmosphere	great food , environment and music . very relaxed and the service is amazing ! ask for haneul she perfect	positive	situation
atmosphere	awesome eats , great coffee , comfy seating . warm friendly staff ! breakfast cereal bar !	positive	personnel
atmosphere	awful . don't even bother . totally do half ass cleans . not worth it .	negative	body_part
atmosphere	insects in food ! we had a fried rice . there was a bug .	negative	arthropod
atmosphere	disgusting customer service . this auto body shop will never be considered as a potential option for me ever again .	negative	consumer
atmosphere	terrible service . waited over minutes extra for a to go order and when i got it . things were missing	negative	work
atmosphere	money pit ! plain and simple . if i wanted to drop , i'd rather go next door to truluck's .	negative	hole
atmosphere	it's yummy food but be prepared to wait a lonnng time . they keep taking orders but don't make the food .	negative	substance
atmosphere	really not good . searched down this place based on reviews . crepes were nearly inedible . not good . so disappointing .	negative	assessment
atmosphere	i love the food so much , but seriously no straws ? not even biodegradable ? good gosh . givemeastraw	negative	substance
atmosphere	i ate the food passable not great , ordered steak and it was greasy . service was good .	negative	substance
atmosphere	no good , dont go thre , wait to long hours ,	negative	work_time
atmosphere	trash ass place , sorry af got roaches and rude employees . trashhhhhh . worst place ever don't come ever .	negative	worker
atmosphere	beautiful inside , drinks are horrible , just go for the view . they charge . for a photo	negative	representation
atmosphere	this hotel is very dirty and i saw many cockroaches throughout my stay ! don't risk it for a cheap price !	negative	value
atmosphere	got the course beef , food was decent but the wait between each course is wayyyyy too long	negative	cows
atmosphere	dollars for a drink . they had no house bourbon so they offered makers mark . crooks !	negative	abode
atmosphere	it's a terrible place with terrible management . broken promises and lots of crime . don't live here	negative	social_control
atmosphere	walked over today it's gone . closed . a for lease sign in the window .	negative	property
atmosphere	bad management , bad staff , mean staff , they didn't treat me and my family with respect , and very disrespectful	negative	personnel
atmosphere	came for lunch . food was ok , service was lax . for extra chips so we could finish the salsa ? really ?	negative	meal
atmosphere	went here looking for courtney from the drake song couldn't find her this is bullshit	negative	piece
atmosphere	the service at this restuarantwas terrible . very rude manager i do not recommend this as a nice place to eat	negative	administrator
atmosphere	only one other table and had to wait min for meal . once it came it was stone cold !	negative	sustenance
atmosphere	the rooms are disgusting and dirty , but the bar by the pool is pretty nice .	negative	excavation
atmosphere	i was very disappointed . pizza was delivered burnt and cold . i would not recommend unless you eat there .	negative	dish
atmosphere	love to give constructive criticism , so i'll just bite my tongue . it'll probably taste better than the food .	negative	organ
atmosphere	my hair has never been this uneven ever . i can't believe how horrible my hair looks .	negative	body_covering
atmosphere	the airport needs more than one location for nursing moms to pump or feed infants near the united domestic terminals .	negative	mother
atmosphere	everything was good until i found a hair wrapped into the burrito . no thanks . never again .	negative	dish
atmosphere	poor service long waits pricey for no reason this is eastie get ur bourgeoisie bullshit out of here	negative	work
atmosphere	pretty slow and not friendly like most jamba juice locations . at least the drinks were pretty much the same	negative	foodstuff
atmosphere	the only sushi place in st st cloud . sushi is ok , miso and mushroom soups were water down broth .	negative	soup
atmosphere	good location , bring change for parking , don't buy electronics	negative	purchase
atmosphere	not very helpful with saving money . hold your vehicle hostage as long as possible to make more .	negative	conveyance
atmosphere	i didn't know breakfast ends at am . pooey ! i was really hoping for a sandwich . i left .	negative	meal
atmosphere	food was ok . delivery took almost hours and the paper bag was all wet because food spilled .	negative	transport
atmosphere	some of the mechanics are over confident and snobby , some are really nice and helpful . the former prevail .	negative	physics
atmosphere	total ripoff . found my liquids online later on for over . cheaper . i was shocked . never going again	negative	fluid
atmosphere	yes , they suck ! that is all i really need to say !	negative	affirmative
atmosphere	don't go here ! they glued my eyelashes to my eyelids . i tried to call them and never heard back !	negative	hair
atmosphere	just a little advise for these guys . invest in some containers for your fried foods . see photos	negative	man
atmosphere	i have only one suggestion . gorden ramsey please help this place . the one star should go to the server .	negative	idea
atmosphere	avoid this place at all costs . they will lie and steal your money . con artists .	negative	creator
atmosphere	horrible service , food not great and price is crazy high . don't waste your time and money at this place .	negative	value
atmosphere	this walmart is worse than most kmarts . i didn't think that was possible .	negative	evaluate
atmosphere	terrible mushy expensive , and setting is an impersonal space . v little lobster meat and texture like baby food .	negative	shellfish
atmosphere	i would not use this company . they will manipulate invoice dates to increase their monthly billing .	negative	day
atmosphere	after new management the food quality has greatly declined . pizza was dry and hard , front cashier guy was very friendly .	negative	man
atmosphere	avoid like the plague . absolutely overpriced for the quantity of low quality food .	negative	substance
atmosphere	lousy service , poor customer relations and disrespectful phone representatives at their number !	negative	consumer
atmosphere	horrible customer service . i'm going back to first tech credit union	negative	consumer
pizza	the greens and okra are phenomenal . the vibe is really chill and inviting . definitely a must try !	positive	atmosphere
pizza	one of my fav wine bars in se . cozy . friendly . lovely wine . sellwood soooo needed this place !	positive	alcohol
pizza	great for pajama brunch and bloody mary's ! also awesome for tuesday night tacos .	positive	meal
pizza	my family and i love this place . food is great and inexpensive . i just wish they were open on sundays .	positive	substance
pizza	a real favorite of those from cambridge , and for good reason . the place is fantastic and worth stopping in .	positive	choice
pizza	i loved working with bob bitelarri and would recommend him with absolute confidence to anyone buying or selling .	positive	purchase
pizza	extremely friendly and helpful ! not only free delivery , free removal of old mattress .	positive	transport
pizza	if your looking for friendly speedy service with a itbin coffee house environment , this is the place .	positive	abode
pizza	fantastic food great service friendly staff . will definitely go back . short ribs and papardelle doesn't get any better !	positive	personnel
pizza	great store ! diverse inventory and friendly staff . local favorite for a reason !	positive	personnel
pizza	great place , nice atmosphere , food was quickly made . employees helpful and fun . thanks , don	positive	worker
pizza	reasonable prices , friendly staff , great pedicures ! very relaxed atmosphere makes you feel at home . i will return .	positive	personnel
pizza	great service on the oil change . helpful staff provided a very detailed review of the caclean waiting area .	positive	personnel
pizza	great salmon and eggs platter . always fresh and quality food . service was quick and friendly .	positive	flatware
pizza	my wife and i just had the best biscuits and gravy ever . and we were raised in the south .	positive	spouse
pizza	awesome pho . love there thirfty thursday deal . reasonable prices . simple decor . friendly staff .	positive	personnel
pizza	delicious chicken a las brasas . they have a delicious wages potatoes , their sauces are unique . i definitely recommend this place .	positive	poultry
pizza	extremely legit . delicious rich broths that stick to the perfectly cooked noodles . get the takoyaki too .	positive	soup
pizza	great place great service michelle was are server she was awesome and really friendly	positive	work
pizza	best mexican restraunt ever ! the food is not salty and its all freash ! the chips and salsa are amazing !	positive	condiment
pizza	amazing food i always get the fried tofu pho with extra tofu but really poor and slow service	positive	curd
pizza	different from your standard torchys and taco deli . friendly staff . homemade tortillas . great queso . this place is top notch .	positive	personnel
pizza	monique is the best waitress ever . give that girl a raise ! food was awesome . and wine too .	positive	waiter
pizza	fast and friendly services with great prices ! the menu is plentiful and the specials are always outside of the box .	positive	container
pizza	excellent german restaurant with great wurst , schnitzel , beer , and other german specialties . the service is equally good . a fun night .	positive	brew
pizza	the gyros are huge , delicious , and cheap . the employees are great . but make sure you go hungry !	positive	worker
pizza	nom city . not your typical food truck . big portions , delicious food , reasonable price . definitely will be back . nom nom nomaste	positive	municipality
pizza	this little dessert place has heart . very hong kong style and brings back memories . like it . desserts are good qualitied .	positive	property
pizza	the food and waitress were great ! i had the salmon etiquette with smothered potatoes . i will visit again .	positive	waiter
pizza	delicious thai and japanese food . new ownership . wonderful , friendly , fast service . highly recommend .	positive	asian
pizza	great sandwiches dog friendly loved it !	positive	canine
pizza	great food , people and beer . too bad they didn't expand the bar with the new remodel expansion .	positive	brew
pizza	great and convenient location . super prices . always clean . the staff is pleasant and helpful .	positive	personnel
pizza	we had the friday lunch pork chops . they were fantastic !	positive	meal
pizza	great place for cider ! great outdoor area ! wonderful fried chicken , fried pickles and vegetarian options !	positive	poultry
pizza	got a delivery last night it was the great , quick delivery friendly service and good food	positive	transport
pizza	chorus you are always on my mind , you are always on my mind . w . nelson	positive	sound
pizza	absolutely the best cafe mocha i've ever had . i wish this company would expand to the u . s .	positive	eatery
pizza	amazing old style pub and reasonable prices , favorite place to go after work on friday afternoon !	positive	tavern
pizza	there are always things that blow me away ! pun intended ! their prices are competitive . they have great classes too !	positive	value
pizza	classic american diner just outside the airportl	positive	eater
pizza	such good food and the market , gift shop , and bakery were great . matcha green tea soft serve . yummy !	positive	beverage
pizza	burgers are tasty and reasonably priced . the girl working the counter wasn't very personable .	positive	woman
pizza	excellent food with incredible flavors beautifully presented ! very friendly staff ! simple , quaint neighborhood restaurant .	positive	personnel
pizza	great wine at reasonable prices ! friendly service , beautiful outside seating with gorgeous mountain views .	positive	alcohol
pizza	had an excellent stay here with my daughter and mother . staff was very friendly . highly recommend staying here	positive	personnel
pizza	good food , a little loud for me , but a wonderful slice of boston . everyone loved it !	positive	portion
pizza	great place for breakfast . best bang for the buck with great service . love their shredded hash browns .	positive	meal
pizza	very authentic . this is what you would get in japan . the lunch bento for is a great value .	positive	meal
pizza	love the staff and bartenders ! sidney is super sweet and is always smiling ! i love cord he's a riot !	positive	personnel
pizza	the waitress was very rude and accused me of not tipping enough . i did nothing to deserve this .	negative	waiter
pizza	the food is mediocre to bland . there are better indian restaurants that are far more reasonably priced .	negative	substance
pizza	came to grab a coffee to go . . for a small batch brew non specialty coffee . outrageous !	negative	intoxicant
pizza	i walked in ordered a soy beef rice noodle , not much favor , couldnt finish it . maybe not come back in the future	negative	pasta
pizza	chhicken , chicken dumplings , pork fried rice . all tasted like poop	negative	feces
pizza	yuck . so many better choices in a mile radius . save yourself the disappointment and try hotlips or sizzle pie instead .	negative	pastry
pizza	we started with the shrimp and mac and cheeese appetizers . we stopped there . so bland .	negative	raincoat
pizza	just stopped at bk . very disappointed orders mozzarella sticks . i did not get marinara sauce . they are cold and burned .	negative	cheese
pizza	slowest car rental ever . this is ridiculous . first and last time customer .	negative	consumer
pizza	dirty . smelly . canned goods over a year old . this place acts like there's nobody running the show .	negative	speed
pizza	the sit down restaurant is so not worth it . just get a bagel to go .	negative	building
pizza	best to leave this area blank , no comment at all . the rating speaks for itself .	negative	assessment
pizza	aweful service . the staff seemed uninterested and snappy , and the joint seemed dirty . will not be going again .	negative	personnel
pizza	fries cold , no salt . fast food does not mean sloppy and nasty . you all could do a lot better .	negative	tater
pizza	ridiculously terrible service . absolutely zero help , and indifferent . welcome to airport service at its worst .	negative	airfield
pizza	air conditioning broke down . front desk did not give me another room . had to sweat all night with my daughter's .	negative	gas
pizza	seriously ? how was this place recommended ? i wish i'd gotten my burger at red robin instead	negative	thrush
pizza	busy day , one person on ticket sales , one cashier at food station , one bartender . about people waiting for drinks .	negative	banker
pizza	service was poor , food was nothing special , was not worth the drive .	negative	substance
pizza	the slowest service . do not think of this as fast food by any means . the restaurant and bathrooms are dirty .	negative	substance
pizza	slow service , ran out of all breakfast meats , and they couldn't even give straws with the drinks .	negative	meal
pizza	extremely small portions , very expensive . ordered pad thai . very greasy and oily as well	negative	asian
pizza	really expensive and overrated . better to shop at a co op or natural grocers , sprouts .	negative	merchant
pizza	beware . aweful service . rude server . mimoasa was small and overpriced . was planning to eat but left due to inadequate service .	negative	work
pizza	read reviews and save money . food is nasty and very slow service . minutes for a nasty rare prime rib	negative	assessment
pizza	terrible experience . their food is subpar and their service is far from even ok .	negative	substance
pizza	your typical sit down strip mall tex mex diner . nothing special . not bike friendly .	negative	eater
pizza	chinese people eating in the dining room . you'd think the food would be better .	negative	eating
pizza	this resterant is over hyped and over priced . i had the macaroni cheese and it was nasty !	negative	food
pizza	disappointing for a deluxe pedicure . massage was weak . salt scrub was an afterthought . would not recommend .	negative	turnaround
pizza	average place . very warm inside and not much of air circulation or air conditioning happening there .	negative	gas
pizza	receptionist could be be more accommodating to new customers in booking an appointment . does not help customer acquisition .	negative	acquiring
pizza	closed ! there was a for rent sign on the window . yelp needs to update this location .	negative	clue
pizza	dishonest to the bone . these people won't even return phone calls to explain themselves . avoid at all costs .	negative	telephony
pizza	worst italian i have been to in my life any italian would probably be better worlds worst itailan	negative	existence
pizza	went in and was quoted . for oil change and without explanation the bill was . rip off	negative	lipid
pizza	wow . impossibly slow service . for food that was really really basic . pretty awful fast food experience . that is all .	negative	substance
pizza	terrible place . the worst meat . pay a little more and go to texas de brazil or fogo de chao	negative	food
pizza	mediocre food , but friendly service . price is pretty cheap too for boston .	negative	value
pizza	why wait in line when you can get take out and eat on the street corner . same thing .	negative	thoroughfare
pizza	out of business . gone like a falafel fart in the wind .	negative	enterprise
pizza	worst customer service i've ever experienced at free birds . the whole vibe here is just depressing . not coming back .	negative	consumer
pizza	worst customer service ever . the guy does not want people here .	negative	man
pizza	this place sometimes takes over a half hour to get your food . it's incompetence is staggering .	negative	substance
pizza	this place is a little pricey for a secondhand store with no dressing room .	negative	outlet
pizza	do yourself a huge favor and don't ever consider moving here . the staff is nice but not helpful .	negative	personnel
pizza	crazy expensive ice cream with not the friendliest service in the hood . very instagram tho	negative	work
pizza	don't go to ron . dude messed up my beard so bad i had to shave my face clean . haircut uneven .	negative	coiffure
pizza	i miss the old olive garden when food tasted more fresh and not as preserved . probably won't go back .	negative	substance
pizza	i thought shojo was really normal . nothing special . i had way better fusion food at other places .	negative	substance
restaurant	where else can you just plug your phone in for free on the street to charge for a little .	positive	thoroughfare
restaurant	always a treat to try something new with the various selections of breakfast . never disappointed .	positive	meal
restaurant	the best bakery in the north end . cookies , bread , pastries , etc . all are delicious !	positive	dough
restaurant	food is outstanding and fresh . very authentic . highly recommend . a great place for an excellent meal .	positive	sustenance
restaurant	clean , quiet facility . nice equipment and studios , and even clean locker rooms . the day pass was , so not bad .	positive	compartment
restaurant	great food . overall great service . i loved the pizza and buffalo chicken . i'll def be back .	positive	poultry
restaurant	really enjoy this place , very accommodating for large groups , great service , delicious food . get the potstickers , amazing !	positive	substance
restaurant	the better place to vacation . i wwent and it was faboulous .	positive	leisure
restaurant	great place for fresh smoothies without having to add yogurt . great service and very convenient for less calorie smoothies	positive	work
restaurant	been coming here for years . consistently good food . lots of great fresh options and a delicious place to bring visitors .	positive	traveler
restaurant	they friendly and good service i like this coffee shop and caramel latte is so nice and delicious .	positive	espresso
restaurant	convenient , good variety , affordable hard to beat for a school cafeteria	positive	restaurant
restaurant	excellent service and good prices . he's re keyed a couple of houses for me and done a great job .	positive	habitation
restaurant	returned a foundation that i was wasn't really loving they returned it without any problem great customer service	positive	consumer
restaurant	brought in a rollerboard to get repaired . airline damage . perfect repair , with factory parts , and very reasonable . highly recommended .	positive	plant
restaurant	great place they are very accommodating and the whole team here is very skilled definitely recommend for any car needs	positive	unit
restaurant	tacos are alright . for after tip you get a ton of food . very fulfill . nice	positive	mexican
restaurant	fabulous location , food and service . the complimentary salsas are fresh and delicious and the portions left me full .	positive	substance
restaurant	nimnim has quick turnaround , and competitive rates . i've been using them for months now , and they have always delivered !	positive	tax
restaurant	if you like pho noodle soup you will not be disappointed .	positive	dish
restaurant	pretty good food especially for the money me and my wife eat here once or twice a month	positive	spouse
restaurant	wonderful service and the food was all tremendous . try the onion tart and the cream of mushroom soup .	positive	agaric
restaurant	this place is off the hook great burritos and tacos fresh , tasty and a great value	positive	catch
restaurant	nice place to get ice cream treat . great to mix tastes	positive	sensation
restaurant	love this place but wait can be long . great ramen and worth the wait .	positive	pause
restaurant	great service . not the best seafood . excellent character interactions . soda , beer and wine . opened buffet . good deserts	positive	alcohol
restaurant	excellent and fresh food ! true authentic greek flavor and great service ! make this your go to greek place !	positive	substance
restaurant	amazing fish , large portion of slaw , normal disney prices . just enough seats to have to wait when it's crowded .	positive	salad
restaurant	absolutely amazing food draper valley chicken , made in house hash , and great drinks !	positive	abode
restaurant	there was a wait so we sat at the bar . perfectly prepared food , great service we will be back !	positive	substance
restaurant	great food , awesome staff , best in bean town . don't hesitate to visit this place	positive	personnel
restaurant	great food , great prices their lunch and dinner specials are amazing . gf and vegan available !	positive	meal
restaurant	this place is delicious ! incredible selection of food ! tons of specialty drinks and beers ! awesome atmosphere ! i love it	positive	brew
restaurant	excellent collections and perfect gifts for the holiday season ! i love this store !	positive	outlet
restaurant	love this spot . great food , drinks , and place to watch sports games . go to spot in southie .	positive	recreation
restaurant	i had so much fun with austin eats food tour . such a fun time !	positive	journeying
restaurant	cold weather , hot spicy noodle soup , perfect combination . the noodles are rice based . fresh ingredients .	positive	pasta
restaurant	great for lunch , too loud for dinner . excellent food and friendly bartenders . a little drafty at the bar .	positive	meal
restaurant	cozy atmosphere , everything was delicious . definitely try the calamari and the chicken . a must visit !	positive	poultry
restaurant	so much beer . so much chicken . what else do you need , for real . love the recent makeover , too .	positive	poultry
restaurant	really good . friendly staff . a little pricey . extra . for croutons ? but whatever , i pay it and still go .	positive	personnel
restaurant	great place . great price . nice people , thorough work ! very happy all around , happy to go the extra mile for customer .	positive	consumer
restaurant	always very helpful and willing to order anything they don't carry . good selection and clean store .	positive	outlet
restaurant	amazing jambalaya , shrimp , and red beans and rice . everything tasted fresh and flavorful . will be back !	positive	legume
restaurant	a very nice surprise . food is delicious and service is great .	positive	astonishment
restaurant	what a chill place to be in . bartenders were awesome , and honestly the wings were on point !	positive	employee
restaurant	generous portion sizes . vegetarian options available . love their pho's	positive	magnitude
restaurant	excellent food , very friendly . i had the beef and chicken combo and recommend it highly .	positive	poultry
restaurant	lovely brunch ! the egg sandwich was amazing ! good coffee too . excellent , friendly service too !	positive	ovum
restaurant	great burgs , rings , and shakes cool atmosphere and nice staff all you need in life	positive	personnel
restaurant	as the cost has gone up here at michael's , the quality and consistency have gone down .	negative	outlay
restaurant	not very impressed . food was horrible , don't get the burrito . server was okay , felt like we were rushed .	negative	substance
restaurant	terrible company that treats disabled individuals terrible . stay away from this wild west facility that makes up there own laws .	negative	establishment
restaurant	read reviews and save money . food is nasty and very slow service . minutes for a nasty rare prime rib	negative	assessment
restaurant	food tasted burnt . definitely not impressed with this location . note i had my food delivered via uber eats .	negative	substance
restaurant	completely americanized . chinese food for people who don't like chinese food .	negative	substance
restaurant	most horrible service ever . i wish i could give it a star . rude . drunk assholes literally	negative	work
restaurant	i'm giving up on tomosino's . i typically get delivery and the last times , the pizza has been soggy .	negative	transport
restaurant	beware . there have been numerous car break ins in the back parking lot . seven cars were broken into the other night .	negative	room
restaurant	very overpriced . paid about for a small slice of cheese pizza . not worth the money .	negative	portion
restaurant	regarding their food , one of the worst if not the worst place to eat chinese food in great van .	negative	substance
restaurant	they never get my order right . always sit there and check the bag . food seems like it's been sitting around !	negative	container
restaurant	watch out for tail light scam	negative	swindle
restaurant	this bad company is not yet closed by administrative and medical action , what is the bc ministry of health doing ?	negative	wellbeing
restaurant	a complete mess , stay away . no one knows whats going on and i love applebees but not here again	negative	emotion
restaurant	good drinks . bland food , especially the beef tacos . i'm over this place . the cool name can only help so much .	negative	cows
restaurant	they ruined the fabric of two blazers and my wife's dress . bogus .	negative	jacket
restaurant	chips guacamole were great , the rest of the food and service was not . will not be back	negative	tater
restaurant	worst customer service ever . the guy does not want people here .	negative	man
restaurant	got delivery . toppings slid all over pizza , ingredients not quality and lacked flavor . hopefully different in person ?	negative	transport
restaurant	no vegan options ! they can't even make the eggplant or mushroom appetizers without cheese . all pasta made with eggs .	negative	agaric
restaurant	this ride experience was not worth it .	negative	journeying
restaurant	oysters were gritty and portions are tiny . disappointed after giving this place a second try .	negative	bivalve
restaurant	horrible service . waiter was stoned i guess . messed up every order . smoky joint too . bad . skip this hole .	negative	opinion
restaurant	this is an absolutely disgusting vet with disgusting practices . stay away if you care about your pets at all .	negative	animal
restaurant	worst service i've ever had ! i hope you take these comments into consideration because your staff is extremely rude .	negative	personnel
restaurant	not a good taco bell . writing more cuz yelp won't let me post blah blah blah lol yeet	negative	mexican
restaurant	horrible slow service . we couldn't even order food cause we we're waiting forever . i will not be back .	negative	substance
restaurant	pricey , ok quality , credit card minimums , service isn't that friendly . not the best . royal blue is better .	negative	extremum
restaurant	absolutely loved the decor and atmosphere . food was meh . poor service , very rude and unfriendly .	negative	ornamentation
restaurant	finish reading this and search for another car wash . the place and service were terrible !	negative	work
restaurant	love zaxbys but his location is horrible , bad service and extremely slow ! always mins to get food !	negative	substance
restaurant	this was the worst place ever . i was overcharged and the employees were so disrespectful .	negative	worker
restaurant	very expensive . poor service . pretty descent food . go to rice thai cookery foe half the price .	negative	value
restaurant	dumb people work there . like the dumbest . will not be buying anything here ever again . don't go here .	negative	group
restaurant	excelsior closed on . possibly re opening in the fall with a new concept .	negative	idea
restaurant	prices are reasonable but the food is really mediocre for thai food . nothing special .	negative	value
restaurant	no rinse cycle , call emergency number so i did not have to pay twice . nobody answered , had to pay agian .	negative	telephone
restaurant	worst experience times ten . overcharged me and had rude customer service food was average but not worth the price .	negative	consumer
restaurant	service is the worst ! food is so so . cant be compared to the real stk , unfortunately !	negative	substance
restaurant	the boneless wings are not wings at all but heavily breaded chunks of breast meat . blue beer was decent	negative	brew
restaurant	yes , they suck ! that is all i really need to say !	negative	affirmative
restaurant	gave this place another try , but no still terrible . please put it under new management !	negative	social_control
restaurant	i'm not supporting a taco shop that employs racists and people who discriminate against women .	negative	female
restaurant	runny , no great flavors worst froyo in austin !	negative	ambiance
restaurant	disorganized place , the waiters have no clue how to act . they seat people out if order . never coming back .	negative	space
restaurant	i guess this place is closed for business . went there around pm and the place was closed shame .	negative	enterprise
restaurant	gone downhill with new ownership . food is so so , service average . portion is not what it used to be .	negative	substance
restaurant	not any good at all high priced not good service coverage reps dont want to help	negative	work
restaurant	amazing service ! bbq bacon burger is quite possibly the most dry and tasteless burger i've ever had . ever .	negative	work
chicken	best seafood ever . scallops and haddock are the best in the world . really .	positive	fish
chicken	surpringly good burgers . love the toppings table .	positive	array
chicken	wild ginger is consistently great . really not a bad dish on the menu . best thai food south of boston .	positive	crockery
chicken	it was really good . the food is always on point . i enjoy this place every time i go there .	positive	substance
chicken	need a fast , high quality bite to eat ? this is the go too . truly nothing better in cbus	positive	attribute
chicken	a little expensive but everything was delicious . nutella , banana and strawberries crepe .	positive	berry
chicken	delicious meal with a beautiful presentation . very nice staff who sang happy birthday to our friend !	positive	personnel
chicken	just tried picasso pizza friday night . delivery was fast and the pizza was delicious ! however , the crust was soggy .	positive	transport
chicken	great haircuts for a reasonable price . have gotten really good cuts from chris , stephanie , and barry .	positive	coiffure
chicken	this place rocks ! every time i've eaten here , i'm always satisfied with their barbecue . the service is good and friendly .	positive	work
chicken	i ate there yesterday . they have quite the selection of donuts ! they don't take credit debit cards though .	positive	approval
chicken	best fresh homemade burgers hands down in the atl .	positive	transfer
chicken	every neighborhood should have a bakery as ridiculously good as mamadou's . some of the best bread you'll find anywhere .	positive	shop
chicken	good value , cute family run spot .	positive	score
chicken	cheap , delicious , i have only had a shwarma sandwich this good in germany .	positive	snack_food
chicken	the best waxing anywhere ! i found them after moving from richmond and am so glad i did .	positive	coating
chicken	adriana and doc were great , helped us every step of the way !	positive	manoeuvre
chicken	there are few donuts i don't like , but the quality and interesting flavors are what make blue star donuts special .	positive	ambiance
chicken	the city of chamblee is definately growing with businesses and great opportunities for employment .	positive	enterprise
chicken	out of this world empanadas . , omg , hot and soft freshly baked pandesal . superb and super friendly service .	positive	work
chicken	amazing quality , but needs to add staff to accommodate normal coffee house business hours .	positive	personnel
chicken	best ethiopian in town ! very friendly host . we had awaze beef tips and veggie sampler plate . the machiato is amazing .	positive	african
chicken	always a best bet . mens haircut cant be beat !	positive	gamble
chicken	friendly staff , especially lacey and lexi ! it's always a great experience ! i going to pbt !	positive	personnel
chicken	nice clean restaurant , good food and beer selections , nice relaxing and good music in the background and large portions	positive	brew
chicken	great rates , excellent service and convienent pick up and drop off at the airport terminal !	positive	airfield
chicken	if you like sicilian , this place is a must try . it's been awhile since i've had a great sicilian pizza .	positive	dish
chicken	these are simply the best donuts around . always fresh , fluffy , not too sweet but still the indulgence you want .	positive	friedcake
chicken	stack of ribs and some basked beans are the way to go !	positive	legume
chicken	get the pizza with the potatoes on it . you won't be disappointed .	positive	starches
chicken	amazing old style pub and reasonable prices , favorite place to go after work on friday afternoon !	positive	tavern
chicken	this place is my go to for pedicures ! the attendants are so professional and are fast and efficient .	positive	assistant
chicken	beautiful restaurant , delicious food and good happy hour . my new favorite date night spot !	positive	day
chicken	very convenient , very good food , good environment . very nice and gentle server which is a plus plus	positive	situation
chicken	best barbecue in new england . great service and wonderful products . prices are reasonable .	positive	commodity
chicken	cheap beer , good bar atmosphere , great location . can't really ask for more . stars .	positive	brew
chicken	amazing breakfast tacos with hommade tortillas , great service and nice new tables all through out .	positive	meal
chicken	yum . amazing cajun tots yes as in tator tots revamped . delicious three cheese grilled cheese . seriously , to die for .	positive	food
chicken	yuuuuuum yum good they need more seating . best ribs near candler park	positive	room
chicken	one of my favorite eats in austin ! it's even better since they open late night ! definitely try the p , yum !	positive	period
chicken	great service and food ! huge menu and everything was delicious ! gyro , fajita tip wrap , and veggie rice bowl were great !	positive	starches
chicken	happy addition to the neighborhood . quirky dishes , well prepared , fresh service , and exciting look . thank you !	positive	crockery
chicken	best irish pub food in town avoid the shepard's pie , though . great pub trivia . mick . 'nuff said .	positive	municipality
chicken	love this place ! awesome food , very healthy , fast and kind service ! the chipotle steak sandwich is amazing	positive	substance
chicken	best bbq i'ave ever had , long line but it's totally worth it	positive	formation
chicken	ribs . chopped pork . beans . sweet potato pie . chocolate chip cookie . check . check . check . really eally good	positive	pastry
chicken	best pizza in the area ! they have an amazing special slice of pizza with a beverage for bucks !	positive	food
chicken	outstanding steak , but not cheap . a worthy competitor to ruth's chris .	positive	contestant
chicken	delicious , authentic italian food . best pizza we've had in the boston area since we moved from ny !	positive	substance
chicken	try the spicy pasta with tropical sauce and black beans on the side . you can thank me later !	positive	legume
chicken	food was just ok had the huevos rancheros . the potatoes were underdone . service was slow .	negative	starches
chicken	service was slow . workers had difficulty keeping track of orders . my burrito was soggy and poorly wrapped .	negative	line
chicken	cruel treatment to horses . refusal to inspection . unkept hooves . stressed animals . i will not use their services	negative	equine
chicken	easily the worst service and quality of food i've seen at a chinese restaurant . just plain embarrassing	negative	substance
chicken	the pizza wasn't anything to write home about . didn't really remind me of ny style pizza .	negative	abode
chicken	overpriced bento with a bonus of crappy service , no thanks .	negative	work
chicken	poor quality cheap house brand tires . ntb has a better selection and a better tire for the same price .	negative	value
chicken	overprized . creedy management . filthy locker rooms and showers . moldy carpets and leaking ceilings . if you can avoid it do so .	negative	compartment
chicken	to unclog a slow draining bathroom sink . nuff' said .	negative	plumbing_fixture
chicken	bland food . depressing to see a huge , drab restaurant with people dining . not coming back .	negative	substance
chicken	i called this place and left a message times to book an appointment . never heard back . very rude indeed	negative	communication
chicken	so disappointed with this company since bosley's was purchased by pet value ! terrible service and staff are so unhappy .	negative	personnel
chicken	it was okay . way too salty . not worth driving across town for . we probably won't go back .	negative	municipality
chicken	i would give this restaurant zero stars if i could ! incorrect order twice , rude staff , and poor quality .	negative	personnel
chicken	just was cut off in traffic by cab . if you value your life do not take this taxi service .	negative	existence
chicken	truly terrible thai food sickly sweet , boring , stingy on the meat , and dreadfully overpriced	negative	food
chicken	food was meh . service was lame . they seemed so distracted . won't be returning . izziban is better .	negative	substance
chicken	food is nasty and bland . if you want real soul food , go to big daddies in college park .	negative	father
chicken	horrible service . slowest coffee shop i've been to in boston . took minutes for me to get a breakfast sandwich .	negative	meal
chicken	it looks and sounds good , but unfortunately just isn't the same thing as real ice cream .	negative	crystal
chicken	worst wings ever . bad tv set up . bathrooms disgusting .	negative	broadcasting
chicken	quite the worse sushi i've had next to that junk you get at safeway flavorless . poor service will not be returning	negative	work
chicken	coffee is good , but place is dirty . overflowing trash cans , trash in floor , bathrooms are gross . staff was friendly .	negative	personnel
chicken	unprofessional and unsanitary food is not served fresh lady tried to sell me something cold	negative	woman
chicken	good food pathetic service . waited hrs for my food before walking out hungry .	negative	substance
chicken	worst food . . the food was cold to start off with . . arrogant waiters and below average food .	negative	substance
chicken	worst restaurant service ever ! they see you come in and it takes minutes before anyone approaches your table !	negative	array
chicken	go somewhere else . the smoothie is more artificial juice blend and ice than fruit . threw it away .	negative	foodstuff
chicken	expensive and not particularly tasty . the portion sizes are generous but there are other better choices for dim sum .	negative	deciding
chicken	awful service bartender was incoherently drunk , bad music , and lame vibe .	negative	atmosphere
chicken	limited food selection , sushi bar has different kinds , very warm inside building , service is good	negative	construction
chicken	bad location . douchy crowd . building isnt bad . server almost made us feel guilty for only ordering a few beers .	negative	brew
chicken	horrible host . extremely horrible management . but brooke was amazing ! there's other restaurants very similar with way better service	negative	work
chicken	very loud . lobster mac n cheese not tasty . ahi tuna was yucky .	negative	shellfish
chicken	no . over priced , underwhelming food . their roast beef wrap is a joke . and took forever . never coming back .	negative	cows
chicken	not good ! if the best thing about the place is the free bread that ain't saying much . service was ok	negative	starches
chicken	very slow service . there were people standing around with only one working . the fish sandwich tasted old .	negative	work
chicken	bland , overcooked and very mediocre 'french bistro' note the quotation marks ! food . i'm surprised they are still in business .	negative	enterprise
chicken	mediocre food with a chip on its shoulder . food was okay but not particularly flavorful . we won't be back .	negative	body_part
chicken	got the nachos again . super greasy , uncooked cheese . honestly this place just cannot serve you a good order of nachos	negative	food
chicken	service very unfriendly , food mediocre and i'm being generous . bad night ? maybe , but a second chance is out .	negative	possibility
chicken	service was bad food was even worse . i recommend tommy doyle's next door .	negative	substance
chicken	one cashier , slow prep workers , long lines . hire some more help . limited selection of pastries	negative	banker
chicken	bad customer services waiter so rude i'll never come back el servicio al cliente horrible mesera sin educacion	negative	consumer
chicken	totally mediocre taqueria . a minor step above chipotle . it's decently prepared and presented , but int the mouth nothing .	negative	jalapeno
chicken	terrible . do not go to authorized retailers . sheisty fucks	negative	distributor
chicken	nope , over priced hipster doughnuts .	negative	reformer
chicken	this is quite possibly the slowest delivery i have ever encountered for a cold sandwich ! definitely not freaky fast .	negative	transport
chicken	expensive pbr and jocks . binks sucks !	negative	contestant
chicken	if i could i would give zero stars . worst service . horrible atmosphere . never returning .	negative	work
