book	this is the perfect scrubbing brush ! i even love it's color ! great for all kinds of jobs reasonably priced !	positive	cleaning
book	so easy to decorate the baby room . you can move them around without them losing their adhesive . highly recommended !	positive	child
book	great shirt ! looks great , nice weathered look . thirteen more words required . well here are a few more amazon , hee hee !	positive	garment
book	like the producthappy with ityes i would recommend it . neck less arrived in perfect condition to the house .	positive	abode
book	i got this because it was free and the description intrigued me . i loved it ! adorable story line and very sweet !	positive	message
book	an different and sensitive treatment of the lgbt scene with a convoluted mystery of birth , adoptions and deaths followed up	positive	care
book	amazing and hystericalyou won't be wasting your time by watching it . i really enjoyed all of the characters . watch it .	positive	instance
book	we enjoy having the additional board with accessories . it adds a nice twist to the regular monopoly game .	positive	commission
book	it's going to look sick on my boyfriends cutlass . i got it days after purchase . he loves it	positive	acquisition
book	once you start you won't be able to put it down ! another great one by cassandra clare ! a a a	positive	displace
book	good product , like the picture , the necklace is in a good quality and nice looking . shine and nothing else to say .	positive	jewelry
book	adorable dress , but size runs a little small .	positive	magnitude
book	the paper is wonderful . the package was delivered on time and in perfect condition .	positive	state
book	me gusta , pero me parece que no hay muchas canciones nuevas . pero vamos , es un conazo si te gusta mecano	positive	fodder
book	this pouch is sturdier than the other coupon holder i had . it's neat looking as well , with its colorful plaid .	positive	bag
book	this is the first part replacement in years fit like new . the installation a bit tricky , but doable . gint	positive	substitution
book	covers all those things you need to know to get started and more with your new camera ! thoroughly reccomended .	positive	covering
book	this is a nice little version of the classic game . easy to use with a nice range of computer difficulties .	positive	machine
book	nicely done . great cd . i am impressed with the clean clear for something that is digitally remastered ?	positive	metal
book	seriously , once you've played , you'll buy them as gifts for friends . i bought as christmas gift last year alone .	positive	season
book	fits great . looks good . installs in seconds .	positive	put
book	we enjoyed using this as a teaching tool with our family and learned a lot about the roman catholic church .	positive	education
book	these look like snowflake jasper with a lot of white , not what i expected . they are pretty though .	positive	countenance
book	it shows how dictators treat those who put them in power from a family point of view . i recommend it .	positive	quality
book	great coverage of historical events through the artifacts covered in each episode .	positive	occurrence
book	cute , funny , and shows how one is rarely an island . good performances by all . would recommend for all family members	positive	earth
book	can't wait for the next one !	positive	pause
book	one of the best product hands down on the market for my long colored dry hair , especially considering the price .	positive	commodity
book	awesome song that can really get you pumped up . i love listening to it while i'm working out . really fun .	positive	piece
book	so far this has worked very well . for the price it is a good product . it is small and portable .	positive	commodity
book	works great and was an easy setup and fix for the one that was missing from my new home . thanks !	positive	abode
book	a very good continuation of a unique dystopian story line . exactly what is it which makes us human ?	positive	message
book	really good word game . i would recommend it for any person who enjoys word games . lots of fun for everyone	positive	being
book	i absolutely love flip wilson . what a talent he was years ago , and a pioneer in comedy .	positive	originator
book	the information on essential oil were helpful especially on how to achieve the best results combinning exercise and oils together .	positive	exertion
book	we gave it as a sentimental present to a sad friend . we are glad we did because it was appreciated .	positive	person
book	can't get enough of it .	positive	technology
book	it works well finding scripture , and has clear text . you can't beat that for free . true authentic king james verson	positive	monarch
book	needed new mascara , never tried mally before . advertising said it would not rub off , that is the kind i needed .	positive	publicity
book	this product is excellent ! i can really tell a difference in my hair . item arrived quickly and in great condition !	positive	commodity
book	bought for my preteen and she loves it . colors were vibrant and the case fit her iphone very well .	positive	juvenile
book	exactly what i was looking for . product is as described and works very well . shipped quickly and i am happy .	positive	commodity
book	they worked perfectly , i used them on a long planned vacation . i did not notice any difference from the original	positive	leisure
book	it's really easy to use and it really works . i will even buy some to gift to my friends .	positive	acquisition
book	this game is totally awesome . rocks . nsuck balls . my mom . randomnsh t boys boy boy boy boy boy boy boy boy	positive	mother
book	this is an absolutely wonderful tool for teaching ages yrs the songs we all know and love as christians .	positive	education
book	love this little corner oven . simple yet powerful ! fits in the corner and gets out of the way . try it .	positive	area
book	yepumhumgoodi like piei like cakebut these things are whey betterlaterpie timecake time	positive	instance
book	grew up with michael jackson . love almost everything he's ever done , and this is no exception . great music , great artist .	positive	creator
book	sometimes things happen that aren't supposed to , like some of my pickups get ignored when i'm on a higher score .	positive	rating
book	not too happy with mine . scratches my wood floors , not very powerful suction and has a short cord .	negative	level
book	it is disappointed me . it gets my son eczama worse . if i can , i wish to return it .	negative	man-child
book	the story is completely predictable , and not so good . it is well played though . i would not recommend it to anyone .	negative	message
book	the product is exactly as described . except the back light . it could use a better light for night viewing .	negative	display
book	the case cracked near where the charger goes for the price it should last more then weeks	negative	value
book	i didnt have this on my phone for very long , as i was unable to see this outside .	negative	part
book	rubbish , it can translate only all languages to spanish only , you can't translate french to english , rubbish ever seen .	negative	communication
book	i got my order crushed seed .	negative	fruit
book	the cases are very bad quality but it was only for cases . the screen protector tears off easily .	negative	attribute
book	this is a great read . i would give it five stars . must read more like it . thanks for writing it .	negative	acknowledgment
book	i could never color the tattoo ! i hate this stupid game ! they call this terrific ? ! ? it's not ! i hate this game	negative	drumbeat
book	i wouldn't buy this , the battery life is very very bad .	negative	existence
book	it smells really bad ! hmmmmm . waiting for the smell to lessen . i am sure it will be fine	negative	sensation
book	thought this was a childrens game . i soon uninstalled the game . will not do it again . not for younger children	negative	juvenile
book	it's probably just me but i found this tool to be useless . my daughter and i argued the whole time .	negative	instance
book	did not last at all very disappointed . had hoped these would truly be a lip stains . not even close .	negative	external_body_part
book	it didn't work for me at all it slid down constantly during my run but fit really tight otherwise .	negative	score
book	i'm not sure what the scriptwriters were smoking , but this film made no sense at all . not worth the time .	negative	breathing
book	this watch stopped working times in week . returned this item . pretty but couldnt get it to work . frustrating .	negative	timepiece
book	not what i expected . quite cheap looking over all . very small too . poor workmanship and materials . especially the little outfit .	negative	substance
book	dont buy it . the basketball is shaped like an egg . it does not serve the purpose it was supposed to	negative	goal
book	crappp ! this case was effin junk broke the first day i put it on it omg ! that is so messed	negative	unit_of_time
book	black sabbath are none other than ozzy , geezer , bill and tony .	negative	instrument
book	didn't work for my galaxy s . wasn't what i expected at all . i'm sure it works for some . just not me .	negative	collection
book	as title explains , the item is not compatible with ios . . do not purchase if your ipad's ios version is . .	negative	component
book	although the yellow and blue cartridges worked , of the black cartridges i purchased were completely dried up .	negative	ammunition
book	did not look like what i saw on line . i will probably keep it , but i am definitely not thrilled .	negative	formation
book	i deleted it after playing one or two rounds . i'm still looking for an 'old school' app . . . .	negative	ammo
book	when i charge my phone it freezes , nd i have to be deaconnecting it everytime i have to use it .	negative	electronic_equipment
book	the rope is cheap , the instructions are not clear , and the needed head room was never indicated in the ad .	negative	manual
book	the ending was anticlimactic in my opinion . other than that the movie was a good take on dracula . . .	negative	belief
book	i really don't feel any different after weeks . very expensive . the taste is tolerable . i don't have six more words .	negative	language
book	these earrings are not cute . same quality as dollar store earrings . these earrings are very cheap looking . do not like .	negative	jewelry
book	of the bulbs purchased does not work . how do you make this better ? more words more words more	negative	language
book	dust in the holethe camera not in the center of the camera windowwith scrach on the edgebad experience	negative	area
book	color is really pretty , but i find it diffcult to put on my nail and it does not last .	negative	unguis
book	too big and too expensive to send back . it isn't what i expected and i couldn't recommend ordering this ring .	negative	sound
book	extremely rigid even at the lowest setting both for female and male users . no exercise value seen . this was returned .	negative	exertion
book	too drawn out . takes too long to get into the story . couldn't get past the first pages .	negative	folio
book	this movie is a pale , watered down imitation of wim wenders classic wings of desire . see wings instead .	negative	show
book	did not smell like authentic darshan , too perfumy . tried letting it air out and that seemed to help a little	negative	support
book	unfortunately the unit was defective . the center bass speaker distorted at mid volume levels and above . sony quickly provided a refund .	negative	quantity
book	this was a disappointment . i paid real money for this ? maybe for someone it is a value but not here .	negative	medium_of_exchange
book	this hair matts and dries out easily . even with the best conditioner . i paid a lot of money for this .	negative	cardiopulmonary_exercise
book	the keyboard sucks . it freezes all the time and barely works . other than that , it is a pretty good computer	negative	machine
book	larger size needles . do not have a good point . hard to pick up yarn .	negative	magnitude
book	marginal flashlight . interesting combination of tools . tossed it in my rv . not my go to light for everyday use .	negative	aggregation
book	unless you are smaller than a size , this is not going to fit you . way , way , way too small !	negative	magnitude
book	nothing but a plastic pot . no instructions , no added anything to make it a self watering pot .	negative	manual
book	it is a product of very poor quality and the price is very high . i don't like this product . sorry .	negative	commodity
product	my grandson loved this book once he turned about months old . before that he had no interest .	positive	grandchild
product	great for organizing my puzzles and the compartments hold the pieces . my dog can not get to my puzzle now !	positive	canine
product	very cute . i shortened the chain so it fit my style better . i like wearing it on casual occasions .	positive	property
product	these are amazing ! the craftsmanship , color , attention to detail , are all phenomenal . these will never go out of style . ever .	positive	fact
product	the watch was packaged good and delivered quickly to my home . would use them again to purchase items from	positive	abode
product	heavy duty . super long thick cable . outlets ! can be mounted on wall desk . great price for being made of metal .	positive	wire
product	i had many cases before this one beats them all . my ipod falls and no damage is done to it	positive	stereo
product	good read , short but to the point . cant wait for book	positive	pause
product	the yard rose was a good easy read . sweet romance is always nice !	positive	relationship
product	i will be getting more of these shoes in different colors .	positive	flag
product	cheap and it does the job , made in china , but fit and finish seem adequate . stars would buy another	positive	activity
product	very nice quality , light weight and warmth for the price that i paid . looks nice in a young boys room .	positive	male
product	fantastic book ! you won't notice its length !	positive	dimension
product	it is detailed enough to use during hikes . the paper quality is good . i'll recommend this map to anyone visiting sespe wilderness .	positive	walk
product	i love nathan pacheco ! he is a rarity ! i look forward to buying more of his music in the future !	positive	scarcity
product	fits great . looks good . installs in seconds .	positive	put
product	needed one to replace a shaker my roommate bought . literally looked the same as the one we got in vegas .	positive	friend
product	great design and material . they run a little too small though . order a size larger than you would usually wear .	positive	substance
product	just love our kuerig ! this was a great price for some of our favorites ! they came just as ordered ! yay !	positive	value
product	love these flip flops ! fit perfectly . i wear them all the time . perfect for casual and work . durable and fashionable	positive	instance
product	these pads are great . you can use your own coffee and you save lots of money on the pre packaged pods .	positive	beverage
product	came fast , in package , made a great present for my brothers girlfriend , will be dealing with you in the future	positive	woman
product	they fit my bose headphones , they don't come off , they fit comfortably . they do what they are supposed to do .	positive	electro-acoustic_transducer
product	my month old nephew enjoyed the box more at christmas than the toy , but hopefully he will enjoy it .	positive	container
product	it arrived a lot faster than i though and it was exactly what was needed . the price was right too .	positive	value
product	again , an old christmas classic , and everyone knows it and loves , it , you must buy it for your own collection .	positive	season
product	absolutly the most interesting season , it's amazing ! castle and becket is the best couple in the tv ! the best !	positive	pair
product	just found it hard to fiqure out the time thing with sync but did eventually get it , i love it	positive	adjust
product	worth the read . intriguing plot . enough detail to keep things interesting . i will look for more books from this author .	positive	fact
product	these came with sets of the same pair of waring's . they are exactly what the picture shows ! lovely earrings .	positive	jewelry
product	nice . really cleaned out my kindle .	positive	flare_up
product	it runs smaller than i thought a mon should , but it's fine .	positive	weekday
product	it arrived soon enough and intact . entertaining movie .	positive	show
product	this is a very nice quality i recommend this item to anyone with a camry ce . no clamps included .	positive	component
product	the puzzle was great . looks very nice . is in a frame . very nice as described . came in time . i love it . thank you	positive	instance
product	what can i say ? it's free , and it's a lot more fun than some apps i've actually paid money for .	positive	medium_of_exchange
product	very nice easy reading . good story happy ending good plot not boring . good summer romance . interesting girl character .	positive	woman
product	fuel gel worked very well , lasted longer than i expected . good value as well .	positive	substance
product	excellent ! i missed this series on tv but i binge watched season and can't wait to watch the others .	positive	indulging
product	item is very nice love it an it fits very nice . we thank you very much for your fast service .	positive	component
product	perfect size for my wife's face .	positive	magnitude
product	i have this on my giant ocr road bike . this inline cable adjuster kit provides an extra degree of adjustment .	positive	wire
product	good material and my daughter likes it . will definitely buy more from these designs . highly recommended . looking for other designs now .	positive	substance
product	it works great like always k n comes through like time and time again . p i will buy it again thanks	positive	instance
product	wonderful book , there isn't anything bad i can say about it , would recommend it to anyone !	positive	publication
product	it's quiet and wonderful when it comes to air circulation .	positive	gas
product	very well written im definitely a forever fan i can't wait to read more from robyn peterman very talented author	positive	pause
product	excellent story line , great for book clubs . i highly recommend it . jodi picoult has done it again ! another page turner !	positive	folio
product	plug and play , works great . will buy again for next build .	positive	blockage
product	very happy with these shoes , very comfortable and fit well . highly recommend . will purchase another pair in the near future .	positive	set
product	the movie does not add up to the book but the special effects are cool .	negative	show
product	there were several good scenes , but they didn't make up for the rest of the book . not worth reading .	negative	publication
product	i use it for mins , and it stop working , i opened it an i found parts of a bearing .	negative	time_unit
product	even tho the plot went a little bit beyond . a lot of the sos . there is promise wish to see it pls	negative	distress_call
product	i was not happy with vestvest ran small in sizealso vest was extremely heavy in weighti am returning vest	negative	garment
product	i'm sorry to say that this did not hold a charge , so i eventually just had to replace my laptop .	negative	attack
product	the pieces are smallish and quite thin . no problem with my dogs enjoying them . but , definitely overpriced . not worth the purchase price .	negative	canine
product	this book is so important . folks we need to stop monsanto . read this book if you don't know why yet .	negative	kin
product	when the package arrived , all of the makeup was crumbled and unusable . i had no choice but to return it .	negative	cosmetic
product	great price but it did not work . i returned to garmin and am awaiting a new unit . warranty is good !	negative	value
product	was difficult and bulky to use . tried it a few times and decided the effort was not worth the trouble .	negative	period
product	dont buy , it not good and not worth to buy this . it is so small and cheap	negative	acquire
product	yeah i thought this was a pack but its on cap i paid bucks for one cap don't buy	negative	purchase
product	poor ai , ugly pointless language , bad hitboxes and a lame story . i didn't like this game .	negative	communication
product	it didn't work . hard to set alarm , and skipped on brand new cds . so disappointed .	negative	name
product	pathetic dialogue . pathetic costumes . fake beards . fake accents . thing runs about hours long . pathetic pro slavery sentiment . pathetic .	negative	garb
product	nothing like the picture although they do the job i was not to happy with them not durable or comfy .	negative	activity
product	this is just a dumb waste of time . i've got better things to do . and i hate the sound effects .	negative	instance
product	i got the book but wasn't in the same cundation as suppose to be !	negative	publication
product	this movie was disappointing and had a dumb ending .	negative	show
product	printed less than papersand out of ink . learned you get what you pay . buy new ones only .	negative	liquid
product	my cats did not use this scratcher , so i donated it to a shelter . it is made entirely of cardboard .	negative	feline
product	can i leave no star ? this brush is terrible . loose hairs every time i used it . dont waste your time	negative	instance
product	this unit was completely horrible ! i worked for not even a month and i cant return it ! piece of crap !	negative	portion
product	it never came and i was truly upset when i told my mother it never came stars	negative	parent
product	i liked the look of the shoe , but not the color and it was wider than i could wear .	negative	footwear
product	it would crash when it loaded and the controls could be better . this game needs some work before it's playable .	negative	power
product	this app performs slow and sluggish on the kindle fire and crashes often . always force closes . need more consistent performance .	negative	show
product	really looked forward to playing this but no amount of double tapping makes a puzzle piece rotate . very very disappointed .	negative	portion
product	this was cheaply made and too big to fit inside the travelon essential bag's inside pocket . returned .	negative	pouch
product	according to the description it should have fit my phone but did not i will have no use for it	negative	statement
product	it is exactly months to the day and i still haven't received this purchase yet .	negative	acquisition
product	lighting is weak and impractical does not work after a month of use .	negative	illumination
product	readings are too difficult and esoteric for an adult beginner intermediate italian student . would not recommend .	negative	language
product	there were no instructions with these , so i am not sure what i am looking for in the results window .	negative	manual
product	awful . it was thrown together bad material . i felt gypped . i am sad and surprised that it was ever sold .	negative	substance
product	i was suppose yo get a movie free ! news to me ! never got a movie for free !	negative	information
product	no difference in over weeks waste of my money don't buy it i work out and use it !	negative	quality
product	cups size was a way too big so i returned the bra . it's ok bra to lounge not to go out	negative	undergarment
product	never got through the first chapter . that's not to say it's a bad book , just not my cup of tea .	negative	beverage
product	i purchased at the end of february and the lamp did not last months . don't waste your money . ridiculous	negative	period
product	didn . t really like it . movie tube is much better but it has its bugs too i need to work out	negative	show
product	it burns , bad . my eyes swelled shut for days . had lots of green gunk coming out of my eyes .	negative	life
product	i found them contradicting themselves . there were no cited sources in book . they try to imply that the know everything .	negative	publication
product	disappointed feel taken advantage ov there is only music no exercise steps wish for refund how do i do this	negative	exertion
product	don't work as advertised . will not let helicopter lift off . tried different things but helicopter is still grounded . didn't work .	negative	heavier-than-air_craft
product	do not let your children see this movie . not a good movie . wished i did not see this bad movie .	negative	juvenile
product	disgusting ! the yo mom's jokes were okay . you could have done better . i am ashamed . please try work hard .	negative	humour
product	why this was even on my list of items to review , i never downloaded it .	negative	component
product	this is uneven , polarized and slanted for some outlook i can't even understand . it is not even well organized propaganda .	negative	attitude
time	i enjoyed books and . is there a available ? need more info on the budding movie stars . thanks	positive	show
time	had a problem but fast to get it straightened out . so everything is good now . will use him again	positive	difficulty
time	eldest son dj's in miami on weekends and wanted this . strange looking to me , but according to him , it's great .	positive	man-child
time	i would recommend eric worre and his seminars too . he has such positivity ! this was so helpful and very well written .	positive	conference
time	a great readcan't wait to read the next few chapters from this book . then author is wonderful as well	positive	section
time	it serves its purchase . i use this item for tissue paper collages . it is a stronger adhesive than school glue .	positive	acquisition
time	this is a great product what a good find . exactly what i wanted at a very very low cost .	positive	outlay
time	this fits my brother embroidery machine and works just fine . seems to be really good quality . received it really fast ,	positive	device
time	es la mejor c aacute mara que se puede tener en pa iacute ses tropicales para disfrutar completamente de ella y de sus virtudes	positive	father
time	the converter was an exact replacment part and all plugs and screw holes lined up and worked . doing its job .	positive	activity
time	so helpful ! i build a greenhouse , a fancy house , a hobbit house , a treehouse , a houseboat , and a wizard tower !	positive	abode
time	even without walter matthau jack lemmon gives a strong performance . he and james garner make a good comedic duo .	positive	two
time	very nice ! would recommend to anyone wanting to keep i pod safe and sound ! extra pockets for headphones and cord !	positive	pouch
time	i am very happy with this filament . i have had very few issues with it and would recommend to anybody .	positive	fiber
time	i have only used this shampoo on all my dogs . it is very gentle on the dogs skin .	positive	canine
time	this lamp looks great on our patio table and puts off a nice amount of light for relaxed evenings outdoors .	positive	outside
time	product was in good condition . my son has used it without any issues in class . prompt service .	positive	commodity
time	one of the most accurate and easy to use tuners that i have ever owned ! fantastic !	positive	skilled_workman
time	wonderful scent ! very fragrant . wish it wasn't as pricey tho . for they could have included a mini candle or something !	positive	smell
time	great handheld vacuum cleaner at a great price !	positive	value
time	all the men in my family love camo shirts and this one is very nice . i would definately recommend this .	positive	garment
time	excellent for how it is ! great for the bathroom ! save me so much space and it look so fashion in our bathroom !	positive	property
time	this color is discontinued so i was very pleased to find it .	positive	visual_property
time	nice color love the pink have not use it yet looking forward to place on my phone , easy to assemble .	positive	spectral_color
time	nicely done . great cd . i am impressed with the clean clear for something that is digitally remastered ?	positive	metal
time	beautifully drawn . sweet characters .	positive	imaginary_being
time	nice little braclet the makes a good compliment to the necklace and earrings . great to wear with black outfits . inexpensive .	positive	jewelry
time	first is a page turner . last half moves slower but is still goodi recommend it over all .	positive	folio
time	the heel strap is a little difficult to maneuver through the metal ring with the velcro . otherwise like the shoe .	positive	footwear
time	very nice stone chip necklaces . they make great stocking stuffers at less than . even a good purchase for crafts .	positive	jewelry
time	bought this for my daughter's kindle . easy to put on and looks great ! no bubbles and has not come off .	positive	globule
time	it's a beautiful and shine bracelet , but in my opinion it's a litle heavy . but i liked to buy it .	positive	band
time	these belts put my aquabot t rc back into service . very easy to install too !	positive	loop
time	very good flavoring ! lots of cinnamon . when brewing this tea it fills the house full of a cinnamon smell ! yummy !	positive	abode
time	must own of any vocalist . jim tavegia	positive	musician
time	this product is super easy to apply and i love the matte finish . i would definitley order it again .	positive	commodity
time	a very fun and great game . play with the simpsons favorite animated t . v characters .	positive	imaginary_being
time	perfect match for indoor security system which required long lasting battery support . will buy more if needed . good quality also .	positive	lighter
time	love it high quality , great color , well made sturdy enough to hold several items without feeling too flimsy .	positive	component
time	i've used cascade for years and these finish powerballs clean rings pun intended around cascade products . just try them !	positive	waterfall
time	i am very pleased with this product . it completely met my expectations ! the packaging was very good .	positive	commodity
time	i would never waste my money on expensive drug store tests again . buy these ! great value and works great	positive	experimentation
time	it keep me interested to see what would happen next just wish that it was taken a little futher on	positive	perceive
time	very fast , works great ! item just as described in description . love the color . it is pink and easy to locate .	positive	component
time	very educational and informative with great photography nature in all its splendour ! a very good buy !	positive	purchase
time	it serves it's purpose well and is nice to have it match the bedding i have for my baby's room .	positive	goal
time	and so do my kids ! amazing that we can all watch and enjoy ! don't like to review because the requirements	positive	obligation
time	i bought this for my teenage son and he seems happy with it no complaints .	positive	man-child
time	used them for center pieces for my daughters shower	positive	portion
time	a nice quality product . looks more expensive than it is . makes my house look more expensive too . i recommend it .	positive	abode
time	about a third of the cases arrived broken . the rest are very flimsy plastic . stay away from this junk . really .	negative	solid
time	it is not cotton ! tag inside says cotton polyester . this is misrepresenting the product . also the zipper is flimzy	negative	commodity
time	this game gets old quick in multiplayer and the single player missuons seem all the same .	negative	contestant
time	i reader the reviews dosen look good you should look at the reviews too they help alotdon't get it	negative	assessment
time	terrible movie . it's completely degrading to art students , on top of the fact that it's perverted and terribly resolved .	negative	show
time	don't waste your money . the author no longer captures my interest . that's too bad .	negative	medium_of_exchange
time	although it left a nice smooth and shiny surface once applied , it did not last on the car .	negative	artifact
time	this hat is nice and warm , but the color was nothing like the picture . i kept it , but am disappointed .	negative	headgear
time	the pot handle arrived broken , is a good product but the handle is broken at the end of the handle .	negative	commodity
time	only get this if you have year old kids that break everything or want to waste money	negative	juvenile
time	not what i was expecting . i enjoy sam elliot's movies , but this wasn't one of his better ones .	negative	digit
time	cleaving by julie powell should not have been published . no real story exists , just blog , blog , blog .	negative	journal
time	love colors , but don't stay connected . wish it would have worked . ordering another . we will see . trial and error . hard shell better .	negative	flag
time	this player is fine for d dvd's but will not play d . did not discover until return date had expired .	negative	day
time	i absolutely loved the color of this case but just in one day it got black around the edges . boo !	negative	cry
time	it's not moral to sell cds that infect computers .	negative	machine
time	the picture is misleading . it looks like the larger candle , which that is what i was getting . very disappointeddiane turk	negative	lamp
time	bit too tedious for adult reading . would not recommend to anyone , including other lesbians who might worry about their pussy .	negative	homosexual
time	the lunch box was badly scratched and i am trying to find out how to return it for another one .	negative	meal
time	i was interested in how and what jefferson ascribed to the words of jesus . good human interest .	negative	language
time	totally not worth the money . wasn't even charmin brand some cheap brand . for . i received little packages . a total waste .	negative	name
time	the new update did not work . i installed today , no new levels . please fix and i will rate stars .	negative	difficulty
time	all games start to high . the result is all you would do is keep paying for more money to plah .	negative	activity
time	horrible product . there were holes in the bottom of both glass containers , rendering them useless . do not buy these items .	negative	commodity
time	this slide didn't last a season . it split at the seam and can't repair it . my grandchildren are very upset .	negative	progeny
time	this is a very boring movie . the plot just plods along . too bad julianne moore got caught in this mess .	negative	show
time	cheap pricecheap cableno work perfectly .	negative	activity
time	the gum was tasteless to me and did not care for texture . got tired of chewing it a few minutes .	negative	feel
time	cheap but trouble some epson tries hard to discourage the competion and it woked , i got rid of the printer	negative	skilled_worker
time	this is not a book . i hope the other free books i downloaded are not l i keep this one .	negative	publication
time	wished it had been more thorough .	negative	desire
time	very nice looking but i don't know how any one could wear as a belt buckle . it is so heavy !	negative	loop
time	so much for instant been waiting and it just says pending and no way to cancel order ruined my night	negative	moment
time	half the size of the ones we use read the size before you purchase i forgot to do this . measure	negative	magnitude
time	only one with double williow leaf the other are just a like should at lease been half and half	negative	property
time	to operate it and it didn't work with my mobile phones . it's not well designed , seems thrown together without thought .	negative	electronic_equipment
time	i loved this book ! who would . ever think that rowley . would have a girlfriend ? this is an amazing series to me !	negative	woman
time	the blender is more of a smoothie maker . it broke after uses . will not buy from this brand again .	negative	creator
time	this dress was a big disappointment . size fit was not at all what i expected . i immediately returned it .	negative	magnitude
time	run and my daughter hit a snag orsomething and it popped . boy was shesad . too thin .	negative	male
time	it was not what i was looking for personally . i was looking more for something in regards to the glycemic load .	negative	weight
time	i think there are better books like this out there . this seems like it was written for very small children .	negative	juvenile
time	this was flimsy and cheap . don't buy it .	negative	acquire
time	clearly over priced for what is received . would not recommend .	negative	suggest
time	complete crap . definitely got what you payed for .	negative	feces
time	freezes after three or four questions . sorry that i paid for this one . would have neenbetter off with free apps .	negative	questioning
time	misleading advertisement aluminum cover . no cover . only key board with aluminum back . suggestion to change to aluminum back . thank you	negative	publicity
time	the condition of the cd which was damaged . i was unable to play the main cut . i was highly disappointed .	negative	state
time	i found this game hard to play . i guess maybe the more you play it may get easier to play .	negative	opinion
time	this book reads as if it has been poorly translated . not very much information that i found very useful . i	negative	content
price	just wanted to state that i agree with those above . very handy tool , especially when looking for quotes for talks .	positive	discussion
price	this is a great book with a fresh perspective and practical advice for daily living .	positive	orientation
price	my little mermaid wouldn't be complete without these cute shoes ! they run a little wide , but my daughter doesn't mind !	positive	position
price	fashion , style , class , nothing spells success like an invicta wactch ! this model looks great with all my suits . highly recommended .	positive	garment
price	good quality much better then battery d glasses . under minutes to charge . would recommend to anyone with d tv	positive	broadcasting
price	great sandal ! we love the fanning reef sandals . the bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy all the time .	positive	shoe
price	received in the time frame expected , good quality and works great !	positive	attribute
price	excellent adapter . as announced . wireless a b g and n . excellent range and speed of data transmission .	positive	rate
price	bought one for myself , liked it so much i had to buy one for my dad for christmas . works great !	positive	father
price	i really love this series . it is an easy read but very engaging . great beach read and happy to read .	positive	order
price	this product was a gift . arrived on time and in mint condition . great job ! thanks	positive	commodity
price	setan and ronda's testimonies are truly touching evidence of living god . it's privileged to serve transform asia for next months .	positive	evidence
price	great game . not too hard . great for beginners . now is the time to play this fun game with your aunts .	positive	instance
price	this is the spanish staple turron . hard , crunchy and with lots of almonds . not as much candy which is perfect	positive	sweet
price	actually it's really cute my breasts my a lil too large they run small ! but thank you . and love the items from you	positive	component
price	works great , i bought this . it came quickly and i am enjoying it .	positive	acquire
price	these are great cards for any one that is into zombies . will be used for initiative in hell on earth	positive	deceased
price	a true classic . one of the best and funniest movies ever made . i am so glad i own it !	positive	production
price	i like this product . it was easy to install . just be careful where you install it if you have kids !	positive	commodity
price	the guy that replaced my screen cause i dropped my ipad said this cover was the best on the market	positive	man
price	i have really enjoyed the entire series so far . i cant wait to start reading the next book !	positive	pause
price	awesome movie . love ron pearlman in this . if you watch this and like it your going love too . lol .	positive	show
price	this sturdy roller is great for doing cross fiber friction to reduce muscle scarring . it helps with trigger points also .	positive	blemish
price	product arrived on time and in good shape , although the outside box was damaged and oddly packed .	positive	commodity
price	terrificly crafted and painted pieces for a historical chess set . we couldn't be happier with the quality of this product	positive	commodity
price	really great movie and i am so glad that they re released it . really worth watching , great , thanks for the re release	positive	show
price	i wish there had been more of them . i have always preferred period pieces and these are always very good .	positive	portion
price	i love these . sturdy , pretty and above all useful .	positive	emotion
price	i like i had no problems with it	positive	negative
price	great book , had me laughing through each chapter .	positive	section
price	makes perfect toast . worked the first time . looks great on my counter . i would recommend this to anyone . love it !	positive	table
price	i luv this game and i only had it for ten minuteswow wow wow luv it soooo much !	positive	activity
price	i love the pjs and so does my month old son . he was so happy to see it	positive	period
price	i love cooking with coconut oil and i believe that it helps my health skin and hair . i would recomend	positive	wellbeing
price	looks fantastic ! great quality . very elaborate packaging to protect product quality . will recommend to other and will purchase again soon .	positive	commodity
price	lol ! they do what they are designed to do and there is a nice assortment of sizes . a good value	positive	collection
price	grat fit and s uacute per light . not good for running because they fall of your face but grat for any moment .	positive	point
price	i got this decorative wine glass for my sister for christmas . the glass if very cute and extremely good quality !	positive	alcohol
price	the series is true to life and i love the acting ability of its stars . find out for yourself soon .	positive	existence
price	great for side or back sleeping . very very comfortable . better than any pillow . wish i had discovered this years ago	positive	cushion
price	i love all of the story from the bible they help to give me a visual when reading the bible .	positive	message
price	the msde was received by due date in excellent condition !	positive	state
price	the press is very durable . it has a nice heft to it and likely to last many many years .	positive	heaviness
price	have always loved this song and it is exactly what i wanted . the delivery system is so easy through amazon .	positive	transport
price	it works great ! nice to have the accurate time without having to set it .	positive	instance
price	a must for any home owner . works on sugar ants too have not seen one since i treated the outside	positive	abode
price	a unique and fascinating story . very absorbing with lots of twists and turns and great characters .	positive	message
price	would have liked it to be a bit darker . o way to tell just how dark . the rest is fine .	positive	portion
price	i have always enjoyed music by peter , paul mary and therefore i am enjoying this cd very much .	positive	metal
price	i ride just a little and it took a week of riding for my butt not to be sore .	positive	journeying
price	this video game is not working with me because my system is working in pal so i couldn't use it .	negative	friend
price	ordered purple but received brown . not very happy when opened gift for xmas not sure how to get right colornot happy	negative	acquisition
price	these batteries were for our outdoor rechargeable lights . they did not seem to hold a charge for very long , though .	negative	attack
price	did not make sense to me .	negative	awareness
price	this is an unbelievably poor product . smells like dish soap . get dish soap for . , don't spend on this .	negative	commodity
price	made me break out in hives .	negative	rash
price	too difficult to follow piece meal it was a joke to flip thru to try to piece the word phrases together	negative	sustenance
price	the protective film on the plate left a sticky residue and the white paint turned pink within the first week .	negative	color
price	this app totally sucks ! for the sake of your eyes , don't get it ! also the content , is disgusting ! omg ! nasty app !	negative	view
price	for me , it didn't work . not one little bit . i wasted my money . lesson learned . i'll stick to the tums .	negative	antacid
price	right bag , wrong color . didn't use the bag so i don't have much to say about the durability of it .	negative	container
price	the picture does not match the product shippedthe filtos are without the supportincomplete productproduct purchased and sent to colombia	negative	commodity
price	this book killing me . writer talked so much but nothing useful . i would not recommend this book . its a waste .	negative	publication
price	this is not the real youtube app . don't download it . when you open this on your device , nothing happens . frustrating .	negative	instrumentation
price	this has very little room not good for eggs which is what i bought it for not worth the money	negative	foodstuff
price	the package came in a plastic bag , no box and no cream attached only the brush and batteries .	negative	container
price	three netgear rangemax routers and all three died . the wnr t lasted the longest , months . avoid these dogs .	negative	canine
price	i dont feel this unit gives enough warning in most cases togive confidence . i would not buy it again	negative	definite_quantity
price	wow , they're really up to . indicative of the current state of horrible thrill ride esque non movies that are all the rage .	negative	journeying
price	it is exactly months to the day and i still haven't received this purchase yet .	negative	acquisition
price	a cheap caseyou get what you pay for .	negative	give
price	it doesn't cancel any noise what so ever	negative	sound
price	too difficult and kept finding ways to get me to make additional purchases to continue . a waste . deleted it .	negative	acquisition
price	message on phone screen is that charging is not supported with this accessory . so it is usless for my needs .	negative	wearable
price	from the era of years ago it would of been ok , today . cheesy as hell . weak story , predictable plot .	negative	period
price	bought for my granddaughter , not too much time before extras needed to be bought to continue game . wasn't that interested .	negative	grandchild
price	i received two of the same item . i would like to return one but i don't know how .	negative	component
price	it would be good if they made one size fit all but they don't to big that's the only knock	negative	magnitude
price	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	magnitude
price	good brain excersize for the elderly who need mental stimulation through out the day . thank you from everyone over .	negative	arousal
price	does not work ith recent routers that are secure , sold by worldcom , you will loose ur money	negative	medium_of_exchange
price	we don't need to see identification . these aren't the bunnies you're looking for . go about your business . move along . move along .	negative	enterprise
price	burnt out in first two hours of use . ryobi did send a replacement at no charge !	negative	substitution
price	sticker wouldn't come off without wrinkling up , i tried and tried and ended up throwing it away . very disappointed .	negative	aculeus
price	every time i went to search for something it would close . wouldn't even let me go past the first screen .	negative	instance
price	the book is not as useful as i thought . also , the models inside the book are not charming . money wasted .	negative	publication
price	not at all the version of this song i wanted , slower and much lamer than the original , avoid , don't buy , save your money	negative	piece
price	oh my ! we could not believe how outdated this movie seemed . sorry i bought it .	negative	show
price	not happy with it ! had it about a month and it's cracked from normal use . it has a design flaw !	negative	period
price	nothing more than a poorly disguised porno . the massage info was minimal . i would not recommend this product to anyone .	negative	commodity
price	this movie never gained momentum and had the same dark humor then entire time . it was painful to watch .	negative	force
price	these trays are very difficult to remove cubes . i bought for the reviews that said easy removal . not what i wanted .	negative	assessment
price	when you squeeze it the bulb falls off . there is absolutely no suction created . it went straight in the garbage .	negative	stem
price	tried this radio out at work and my icom blows this out of the water literally on receive .	negative	broadcasting
price	it does look really nice , but i could make another spread with all the lint that comes off this thing !	negative	travel
price	peeled already really really cheap case but started peeling in less than five days . never will buy another one sorry	negative	life
price	this did not work from day one . a waste of money . the return policy make syou eat the cost .	negative	outlay
price	waste of money . i needed one so i grabbed one and it didn't last a week . so there it is .	negative	period
price	quality was bad . i sent it back . the other item i ordered from patty boutique was bad quality as well	negative	shop
price	the screen stick to phone and plastic hard to get off attracts alot of dust and dirt on the case .	negative	solid
quality	bought this to learn more about biodiesel . it was easy to understand and gave great ideas on how to implement .	positive	content
quality	can't ever find real people to play , but now who needs real people lots of fun yada yada yada	positive	group
quality	was looking for something quick and effective , this seems to be working , only on it a few weeks .	positive	period
quality	yr . old granddaughter loved the whole series . looking for more of cleary's books now . she's a delightful , engaging read .	positive	grandchild
quality	great songwriting with a refreshing twist . tight harmony and exciting instrumentals . this song will live on as a bluegrass favorite .	positive	piece
quality	i love this flash . you can set it and forget it . every thing will work as you set it .	positive	emotion
quality	love it can watch it over , over , over and over again !	positive	technology
quality	enjoyed this book and am looking forward to the other books in the jim chapel series . great job david wellington .	positive	activity
quality	came as advertised , i use it daily !	positive	go
quality	it is nice awesome qualtiy . it is awesome one . it is good price . it really makes u warm . i highly recommand this	positive	value
quality	it tones , cleans , and moisturizes . it's gentle enough for sensitive skin , nough said ! def going to buy again and again .	positive	connective_tissue
quality	i love the battery . works great ! keeps its charge and when you fully charge it it last for whole days !	positive	life
quality	product is as mentioned . my son loves the product . blue color looks great . the arm rest hugs the violin cleanly	positive	limb
quality	very pleased with the product , wish there was a cover for it . overall great for the money spent .	positive	commodity
quality	got me hooked ! had to read them all ! can't wait to see other books that she publishes . will definitely buy !	positive	pause
quality	good size . i like how it keeps a ball of string from being an unraveled mess .	positive	cord
quality	excellent product , matched my guess slippers perfect	positive	footwear
quality	my grandson really loved it ! . arrived in plenty of time for christmas . had a lot of fun putting it together hope stasiak	positive	grandchild
quality	thisa song is very intresteting . i bought it to try out something new and it was very wonderfully satisfing ok	positive	piece
quality	nice little braclet the makes a good compliment to the necklace and earrings . great to wear with black outfits . inexpensive .	positive	jewelry
quality	good book for children . very interesting . great for all children , especially younger ones . it's just what children need to learn and understand !	positive	juvenile
quality	i like to keep a book app on my phone to have my own reader material . this fits the bill .	positive	substance
quality	lost the one that came with the car seat somehow this was an even better replacement .	positive	substitution
quality	good product . would buy again . makes my chainring stand out	positive	commodity
quality	not what i expected , and would have been fine if i hadn't read all the books before seeing the movie .	positive	show
quality	extraordinary uses for ordinary things , ways to save money and timeisbn pub date type binding paperbackpublisher readers digest	positive	medium_of_exchange
quality	very vert good . i was caught completely unaware by the ending . i will definitely read more by this author . suz	positive	communicator
quality	protects ipad and lets you pose the ipad up so you can watch it , worth it to protect your ipad	positive	defend
quality	randalli love solitare , it's . my favorite for my breaktime . solitaire is my favorite . i play everyday when i needbasi	positive	jewel
quality	an different and sensitive treatment of the lgbt scene with a convoluted mystery of birth , adoptions and deaths followed up	positive	care
quality	i no longer need to nag the kids to turn on the fan	positive	juvenile
quality	i was expecting crappy head phones but the headphones are great and have a great balance in bass and treble	positive	equilibrium
quality	these are the only black pants that you will need for your pregnancy and beyond !	positive	physiological_state
quality	good book if you like dogs . book was in great condition . good author , suspensful story . price was also very good .	positive	canine
quality	perfect fit for my retriever and it really made walking with her easier , no more pulling ! would recommend for sure !	positive	gun_dog
quality	it is a new balance shoe . looks good , feels good , does what it's supposed to do . shoe is good shoe	positive	footwear
quality	unlike your typical brake lubricants , this one goes on smooth and dries with a tacky feel . so far so good !	positive	awareness
quality	it arrived a lot faster than i though and it was exactly what was needed . the price was right too .	positive	value
quality	very warm slippers . only problem is i'm and they just fit me . other than that they are great .	positive	footwear
quality	great sandal ! we love the fanning reef sandals . the bottle opener on the bottom comes in handy all the time .	positive	shoe
quality	keeps my kids from destroying my phone . tried other cases and they just do not compare in terms of value product .	positive	commodity
quality	i loved this book it kept my interest so much so that i bought the next three books ! highly recommended !	positive	publication
quality	very good story line and good characters . no profanity to ruin the story . challenges of life , both good and bad .	positive	existence
quality	met expectations . it saved me a lot of money . i would buy again . good place to purchase school books anytime	positive	belief
quality	works like original parts . charge time is ok . use it everyday for more than a month , noting wrong was found .	positive	period
quality	i'm rocking out right now with this cable . i have a core mac pro and a ipod hifi . sounds wonderful !	positive	wire
quality	i use this everyday to just browse . i love crafts and am a fit type person . lots of cool stuff .	positive	kind
quality	it worked in our hp printer without the usually failure of the software to recognize it	positive	code
quality	this jacket its a classic work jacket , makes for a good shop jacket . unlined though , so no insulation . very thin .	positive	isolation
quality	i bought this product after reading good reviews , but i felt it didn't do much for my skis .	negative	commodity
quality	i've been using this product for several weeks now , i have more pimple than before . i don't recomment this product .	negative	commodity
quality	the handle is not right i need a new onw	negative	control
quality	it is way to hard to get off i hate it really sucks dont buy it please dont buy it	negative	purchase
quality	it might be ok for windows but it didn't load on my macbook without significant problems .	negative	os
quality	didn't read close enough , this is not by garth	negative	see
quality	this is not a hyperdunk it is a scam i have seen those shoes at marshalls those ar hyper venoms !	negative	position
quality	this was not compatible with the microsoft download that allows connection of the wireless xbox controller . did not work .	negative	relation
quality	this book was such a close copy to the orginal book , even the names were only slightly changed . no imagination	negative	creativity
quality	just received pants . not item pictured . they are light blue with white strips down the sides . no pockets at all .	negative	pouch
quality	they did not work on my small tv samsung flat screen but they worked on the big flat screen sanyo	negative	broadcasting
quality	split apart on first use .	negative	activity
quality	the stories are poorly written , they are out dated , you need better reporting . you can't just copy other peoples stories .	negative	news
quality	too much unnecessary profanity . i could not allow my children , who love the justice league , to enjoy it with me .	negative	juvenile
quality	it is pretty . but broke in about days . it is metal . no protection for your phone . i wouldn't buy this . o	negative	life
quality	great movie . unfortunately , you have to flip over the dvd half way through the film . lame !	negative	show
quality	dont buy it . the basketball is shaped like an egg . it does not serve the purpose it was supposed to	negative	goal
quality	this case didn't even fit my phone it was so big i put one star cause i had to	negative	origination
quality	i didn't like it . the way it ended left me cold .	negative	kind
quality	i got the product for which expiry date already finished . its an expired product . cheaters . waste of money . cheaters . i hate it .	negative	commodity
quality	it broke after three months . does not light anymore . it started to flicker then stopped altogether .	negative	period
quality	this game is complicated . problem is . their are no instructions . a real piece of crap ! do not purchase this game ! waste of money !	negative	portion
quality	looked interesting . lost interest really fast when it got more difficult . would not recomendfor someone with little or more patience	negative	good_nature
quality	took forever to get here . when i got it the colors on the case was faded off on some parts	negative	flag
quality	very old not of my speed thanks blurry at times scenery was double vision not a sharp movie to watch .	negative	rate
quality	don't like it . all the rhinestones keep falling off . looks raggedy . not good to me . never should've brought this phone card never again	negative	paper
quality	looked nothing like the picture and too small . fits too tight around the waist , i wish i never bought them .	negative	area
quality	very cheaply made i don't like it at all . plastic but thin and i would not purchase another like it	negative	acquire
quality	just didn't care for this particular scent . lotion is great tho .	negative	smell
quality	this does not work well . it compresses the cake rather than coring the cake .	negative	block
quality	when i got the cartridges i installed them and they were both dried out . didn't work in the printer at all .	negative	ammunition
quality	lacking . not sure how this can help real teachers . not much substance to help teachers at all . disappointed with this purchase .	negative	educator
quality	super small , its cute and the mesh closing on the top is nice but its super small and cheap feeling .	negative	state
quality	i put the cd in , click on a flag , and then a pop up comes saying insert the disc wtf	negative	emblem
quality	doesn't provide enough power to use anything . misrepresents itself . writing eleven more words because it says i have to . duh .	negative	language
quality	these projects don't really interest me . the pure vanilla extract seems interesting . i might try some but i don't know .	negative	work
quality	piece of garbage don't waste your money . it works when it wants to and then doesn't work all	negative	portion
quality	because the battery died minutes after it was fully charged . i think it should be replaced w a new battery .	negative	artillery
quality	i disliked this product it did not turn on with new batteries not even minutes after i got it	negative	commodity
quality	battery doesn't last that long only min and battery died . .	negative	artillery
quality	the ending is horrible . there should have been some forewarning that this is merely an installment . sorry i read it .	negative	payment
quality	it doesnt function correctlypics do not look as nice as i thought they woodpurchased by mistake and it sucks	negative	mathematical_relation
quality	don't know how this game is because it doesn't work . putting off going through the hassle of shipping it back .	negative	disturbance
quality	cleaving by julie powell should not have been published . no real story exists , just blog , blog , blog .	negative	journal
quality	i found a substitute for this that costs much less and does just as good a job . cancelled my subscription .	negative	equivalent
quality	order was defective . company won't fix . feet mar countertop because plastic protectors are missing . emails and phone calls useless . avoid .	negative	telephony
quality	i expected the history of corn , but most of the book is how indians used corn . it got old quick .	negative	past
quality	you'll roll back your city each day you play ! they torn off a lot of the specs , server down every time ! ?	negative	municipality
quality	this really suks , are all you people smoking too much dope ?	negative	group
money	i am so happy with this product . it's the only thing that helps me sleep . thank you very very much	positive	commodity
money	great book ! really interesting and useful ! even people who aren't runners could learn a lot ! i would recommend this book .	positive	publication
money	it was exactly as picture showed , i love it !	positive	representation
money	i have used this product for years . this was the best price i could find . the company will ship quickly	positive	commodity
money	this little known song , sung by the superb placido , is my number one favorite christmas song . give it a try !	positive	season
money	good reading but too much to take at one time great for snuggling under the covers with lots of pillows .	positive	covering
money	i always liked reading sidney sheldon's books . i had a hard time putting the book down . it was great reading .	positive	instance
money	shirt is really cute but runs small . a womens medium would fit anyone that is a size or smaller .	positive	garment
money	keeps you on the edge of your seat . couldn't put it down . can't wait to read the last of the series .	positive	space
money	i really love his voice and style . this song is a perfect addition to my ipod library . love amazon's downloads .	positive	sound
money	the yorkie is so so cute . valentine's gift for my daughter . she loves it . the ribbons are adorable . she's very happy .	positive	acquisition
money	had to use googleearth to keep up with all his travels . enjoyed this approach and actually learned a few things .	positive	movement
money	this is a nice size it's large , it looks nice , cleans up nice too , cooks evenly . i really like it	positive	magnitude
money	a beautifull box full of her remarkable quotes ! great fun	positive	container
money	i am enjoying these beautiful decorative matches very much . not only the box is attractive , so are the matches themselves .	positive	container
money	the product performed excellently in non gluten baked goods . it kept the products from crumbling and gave them an excellent texture .	positive	commodity
money	i love this book ! i could not even put it down ! i will buy any book sarah palin writes or endorses !	positive	publication
money	i was considering selling my s w until i tried this grip . i will never sell it now . it's great	positive	grasping
money	i love cookbooks , love to try new recipes . especially breads and muffins . what else can i say , greatbook to have	positive	starches
money	what a great book . easy to read , easy to understand . would recommend to anyone who is raising a little boy .	positive	male
money	my previous probe burned up in a gas grill grease fire . i got this replacement quickly and it works great .	positive	substitution
money	i enjoyed the characters and the story line . i would recommend this book to readers who like history and romance .	positive	past
money	great book brand new too came like the next day yehhhhighly satisfied and yeah it's good	positive	name
money	this seems to work fine . i've been able to connect to the two devices i bought it for . word . word .	positive	disposition
money	the product is good , service is excellant , i get this for my son's i pod touch , he is very happy with it . thanks amazon .	positive	commodity
money	this book just shows what to do and doesn't waste time with extras . the book got me what i needed .	positive	instance
money	i am excited to complete my halloween costume with this pretty necklace ! and excited to see the hobbit in theaters	positive	jewelry
money	clever , thrilling and nicely staffed and decorated . i liked it .	positive	want
money	once again , steve hall has outdone himself with the beauty of the music on this cd ! just wonderful !	positive	corridor
money	they're awesome ! i'm a size and they fit pretty good for a size . . i love them ! pretty cool	positive	magnitude
money	this book was as described and worked for class . better than buying new from the school book store !	positive	outlet
money	works great , it does what its supposed to . also matches really well with my gear that is flat dark earth	positive	wheel
money	thought it was pretty funny in some chapters not as detailed as most of her books although entertaining well written	positive	section
money	individual sizes were enough to satisfy my dessert craving . wish i could have given a box as a gift . tasty !	positive	container
money	this is one of the most beautiful pair of earrings that i've ever had . they are small though , just incase .	positive	jewelry
money	easy to use and gives you good design control . the different colors work with a bunch of different nail polishes .	positive	power
money	as was offered and very good price , very good quality and seems to be like the original . without any claim .	positive	value
money	this is the best product that i've found yet for perimeter spraying to prevent unwanted bug incursions into my house .	positive	abode
money	very good app . im so happy to be able to track my work .	positive	activity
money	awesome shirt . the design is a lot bigger than expected	positive	garment
money	i like the watch , nice looking , dressy , elegant . reliable .	positive	timepiece
money	this lights up my hallway , everyone comments about it . a great buy , i would recommend this product . it looks expensive .	positive	purchase
money	i love it ! i really like it and keep using it . just buy it and you will never regret	positive	acquire
money	this is a great item , it wasn't exactly what i was looking for , but it is a great value .	positive	component
money	disney is in a special class . she sets up credible people and places and shows their interaction to startling effect .	positive	phenomenon
money	i like it very much . it's so cool and fantastic . the white color is more beautiful i think . ha ha	positive	visual_property
money	i love this ruler , its's so easy to work with . it's a great tool for drawing and for my caligraphy proyects .	positive	artwork
money	like the longer length and fabric tip . tried many others , but none work as efficiently as this stylus . good job !	positive	activity
money	the years have been kind to this disk , the melodies are timeless .	positive	music
money	used them to build a field expedient antenna for arrl field day . worked great .	positive	tract
money	a poor quality clone . works for off car diorama etc . would look awful on your porsche .	negative	look-alike
money	i'm very disappointed in microsoft . this version of streets trips gives wrong street address locations latitude , longitude positioning .	negative	thoroughfare
money	it's basically a shirt , how could u sell it as a dress ? bad bad business ! this is false advertising .	negative	publicity
money	not terrible , but not that exciting either . seemed like a young adult novel at times . but it passed the time .	negative	period
money	this new battery didn't perform much better than the year old battery it replaced .	negative	artillery
money	it is too long and have to much vibration the phone is dificult to read when is in the mount	negative	electronic_equipment
money	did not like main female charactor so much so i could not finish book . would not recommend this to anyone .	negative	publication
money	the other casino game is more interesting and has more action . this is not a exciting as the other game .	negative	deed
money	tacks for ever to lode . it is hard and not vere cool to seethe dinosaur . they don't move allot . such anemashenthe end	negative	decision
money	not at all what i wanted to see in a weather app . just couldnt get it to show like i wanted .	negative	atmospheric_phenomenon
money	joined for one year and found that google keep is free . tried google keep and decided free is better .	negative	time_period
money	i followed directions . nevertheless , this item adhered to the wall for only a few showers . duck tape would work better .	negative	itinerary
money	i could have used a plastic bag . does not work well at all . does not secure like it supposed too .	negative	container
money	i didn't like it doesn't fit my phone good i'm so unhappy with it	negative	electronic_equipment
money	this kinda was not that great why does everyone think john green is so great hes kinda ok i guess	negative	opinion
money	great for halloween prop awful if actually wanna use it . i was starbuck from battlestar galactica for halloween	negative	day
money	these sheets are not at all soft and have a very strong chemical smell ! i sent them back !	negative	material
money	this product works well for a beard gloss but does not provide much hold for wild hairs !	negative	commodity
money	not a good book . we thought it was funny but it really is not ! do not recommend to anyone	negative	publication
money	yeah i thought this was a pack but its on cap i paid bucks for one cap don't buy	negative	purchase
money	not very inspiring or real feeling to me . don't know what else you want me to say , uninspired is it .	negative	state
money	i gave both as gifts . cute but interfered with setting the lens . needed to sit on the side of lens .	negative	acquisition
money	did not work on my new kindle . tried the trouble shoot advise . still didn't work . so will not use , will try another some time	negative	sprout
money	cheaply made , already broke . i should spent more next time and buy something better . i ve got what i paid for !	negative	instance
money	i was going to use the product for ipsc matches . but frame was broken on the third day of competition .	negative	commodity
money	i think it will have rolls , not roll , good quality but the name of the product causes confucion	negative	commodity
money	this dress is not sized correctly and looks very cheaply made very unhappy with the quality of this dress purchase	negative	acquisition
money	my dog is quite high strung and i thought this would help him though i saw no difference in his behavior .	negative	canine
money	this order was charged to my account , never shipped , then cancelled and credited to my account . all very odd .	negative	record
money	the blender is more of a smoothie maker . it broke after uses . will not buy from this brand again .	negative	creator
money	looks cheaply made , not what i thought it would be , screwdrivers are a joke	negative	hand_tool
money	the author is getting lazy . would like more serious content , maybe a little history or based on a true story .	negative	past
money	my whole room is covered in dust from this litter . it never used to be like this . it is bad !	negative	animal_group
money	awful movie . only could take the first min . i usually enjoy bad movies , but this was one of the worse . end	negative	show
money	bought this because i like the singer . unfortunately , it's just too standard country for me . nothing stood out .	negative	musician
money	this tower is cheap and not worth the price . it leans to the side with and without cupcakes on it .	negative	value
money	was not worth the cost of the book . it appears like someone simply copied and pasted the works of others .	negative	outlay
money	i haven't received the first issue yet . it looks ok from the cover but thats all i can say now .	negative	content
money	i've used it for one week and disrupted . . . . . . . . . . . .	negative	period
money	this is expensive garbage . it made me feel sick caused other personal illness .	negative	waste
money	good for an emergency poor quality control on nut and head sizes , not recommended unless you like lots of frustration	negative	power
money	it is hard to control the ball and the other paddle always does random crazy unfair swings ! horrid !	negative	bat
money	doesn't provide enough power to use anything . misrepresents itself . writing eleven more words because it says i have to . duh .	negative	language
money	horrible interface . ultimately not user friendly and unresponsive . one of the worst match three games i have tried to play .	negative	person
money	very thin material . product is adorable but i dont feel safe wearing it . it feels like it will fall apart anytime	negative	substance
money	this should get no star because it doesn't work ! i had to return it	negative	celestial_body
money	after only a few uses does not work already . who makes a bullet that lasts ?	negative	projectile
money	it is not instant at all , i'm waiting for it and its been an hour . bad service ! disappointed alot , .	negative	work
money	way too technical . i couldn't even get through it . found it boring , not interesting .	negative	technology
money	case is made nice but for a larger camera they shouldnt package it with the kodak mini way to big !	negative	assemblage
game	this is a standard backdrop and it does the job quite well . try not to get too close to it .	positive	activity
game	great product and easy to use with any type of soap that you like to use in the shower daily .	positive	commodity
game	it is good item to keep life from getting in the way of destroying a expensive piece of technology . bulky	positive	existence
game	i enjoyed every page of this story . strong characters , the glimer of hope that grows into bright sunshine .	positive	light
game	great set of the classic scooby doo series . my grandson really enjoys the episodes ! his dad enjoys watching them too !	positive	father
game	was only familiar with hey ho , but after listening to the entire album i fell in love definitely a great download !	positive	transfer
game	loved this book was smart , sassy , hot , great read . this was a good book with great story along with hot fun	positive	publication
game	the best product on the market ! i have tried a few other products this is the best one to date !	positive	commodity
game	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	spouse
game	very creepy and vivid imagery ! definitely a great read that will keep your fear on edge ! must read it now !	positive	boundary
game	just found it hard to fiqure out the time thing with sync but did eventually get it , i love it	positive	adjust
game	muy bueno , encontrar lo que buscaba , el libro es genial y sobre todo que pude tenerlo comodamente en mi domicilio	positive	metal
game	good deal and it works great on my phone !	positive	electronic_equipment
game	this is soo amazing ! it works soo well and holds a pretty good charge ! it's a very good product . !	positive	commodity
game	very nice stone chip necklaces . they make great stocking stuffers at less than . even a good purchase for crafts .	positive	jewelry
game	i used it on vacation with my iphone for navigation . now i use it at home and it works great .	positive	abode
game	tamilee is one of the best ! this is an awesome abb workout with lots of short workouts to choose from .	positive	exertion
game	i love the song n the movie . r . i . p . paul prayers to his family n friends . god bless all his family !	positive	worship
game	a neat little reference book that is far superior to the camera manual . comprehensive and explicit .	positive	handbook
game	i love the small office size calendars that you can put on your desk at work . it not built cheap	positive	table
game	i think that it is a well put together book . the movie enemy at the gates is remarkably similar though .	positive	show
game	i gave this to my son for christmas and he was very very happy . he loved the series . great deal .	positive	season
game	cheap price , decent shipping , and i've been using it for about a month now . works with creative zen gb player	positive	value
game	show support for this company . outstanding . graphics look amazing and a lot of favorite songs are in the app . perfect .	positive	establishment
game	we bought this for our yr old for an alarm . it hasgreat sound and easy to program .	positive	idea
game	almost has good as frist more place to fight war weapon are better .	positive	instrument
game	great little sweeper so convenient , light weight and handy for those quick clean ups would give it stars if i could	positive	employee
game	once you start you won't be able to put it down ! another great one by cassandra clare ! a a a	positive	displace
game	i wish i could order more of the same , for my family . good item for the price . very happy with it .	positive	value
game	this book is a must for any architect or lover of classical architecture . it is beautifully illustrated and well written .	positive	edifice
game	this is a fun book not a learning book . super cute and fun to read . tongue twister reading is fun	positive	cyclone
game	lots of relevant issues , we hope this series keeps going and going . love loren graham and all acting is excellent .	positive	activity
game	this is a must have for all who live in the south . good clean fun that all will enjoy .	positive	recreation
game	these are perfect ! just the right size , i love them ! the lids screw on tight . i would buy them again .	positive	magnitude
game	this coffee is awesome and the fact that is has more antioxidants than most green tea is great .	positive	beverage
game	this is a book that should be read by every tax payer in america regardless of the political party affiliation .	positive	levy
game	this app was very user friendly even for my year old grandaughter . loved it greatly and so does she .	positive	person
game	great stuff , very light . excellent sunglasses .	positive	eyeglasses
game	my grandson loves sesame street so i thought i'd buy this for him for christmas . he's going to love it .	positive	grandchild
game	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	poultry
game	delightful story , excellent acting , wonderful photography , good character development , it was a joy to watch , sorry it stopped after four seasons	positive	improvement
game	suits is a constantly changing , credible , adaptable and captivating show . i hope this show continues for many years to come .	positive	garment
game	one of his best ever ! absolutely mystical and soul stirring !	positive	spirit
game	these are heavy weight and the color is exactly as pictured . the tabs hold up better than the cheap manila ones	positive	digit
game	i really enjoyed this e book . sandra panting is new to me but i will look for more of her selections .	positive	breathing
game	this old marine vietnam vet loved it . don't let anyone tell you this isn't entertaining . thanks . god bless you all !	positive	doctor
game	hung on my wall had to push couch back picture so good sounds good was easy to set up	positive	seat
game	lyon's bride the chattan cursecathy maxwellnice , i like theses series of the chattan cursewell written . thanks	positive	newlywed
game	kaufman fabrics are a high quality fabric manufacturer . the kona cottons by kaufman are one of basics for the quilter .	positive	attribute
game	this was a perfect match . thanks so much . for being an older light fixture it is perfectmatchglad i found you	positive	lighter
game	i ordered this but this product didn't work at all . i never expect that this product will not work . regards , gagan	negative	commodity
game	i ordered these expecting that they would fit as other bali bras i had previously purchased and they did not .	negative	undergarment
game	the write up hype about the book was better than the book , which was disjointed and confusing and somewhat dark .	negative	publication
game	nothing stood out . whatever . greatest movie of all time it is not .	negative	show
game	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	publication
game	still no luck regulating or conceiving . just hoping for the best . the taste to the tea ia strong , but tolerable .	negative	beverage
game	i had two of these both died in less than a month , i did not even use the cables everyday .	negative	wire
game	one of the poorest cordless phones i have ever owned ! no no no no no no no no no no !	negative	electronic_equipment
game	so much for instant been waiting and it just says pending and no way to cancel order ruined my night	negative	moment
game	a little cheap in the print . but pretty cool . i love david bowie so i geeked out over this . recommended .	negative	black_and_white
game	have not seen any difference with my hair except for drying it out . i would not order it again , sorry .	negative	quality
game	did not work as advertised . we are in the process of returning it . very disappointed . and very boring to use .	negative	activity
game	nothing more than a poorly disguised porno . the massage info was minimal . i would not recommend this product to anyone .	negative	commodity
game	did not work all it would do is turn on nothing else . i could not update nothing ! do not buy	negative	acquire
game	my dock station broke into several pieces after two weeks of use . it would be best to purchase another brand	negative	portion
game	box had been opened before . metal parts thrown in . some covered , most not . very dirty parts . disappointed .	negative	container
game	battery died within one month of owning the toothbrush . otherwise it was a good toothbrush . my daughter enjoyed the music .	negative	toiletry
game	didnt like the book . it did not feel relatable to the average woman . i didnt even end up finishing the book .	negative	female
game	can't get any results i really expect to have	negative	phenomenon
game	i didn't work and i asked for advice for a better product that would actually work and didn't get any	negative	commodity
game	the little stones are foling off is almost ruin n is not even a month wearing it very sad	negative	period
game	not what i expected taste like regular coffee with just a hint of mocha . i expected a more mocha flavor .	negative	beverage
game	very poor quality , will avoid this brand in the future . i guess you get what you pay for . poor choice .	negative	deciding
game	i received two of the same item . i would like to return one but i don't know how .	negative	component
game	chasing the quickie kindle mess that even amazon requires me to add more words to , waste of time	negative	language
game	my sons remote only has two bottons . i did try to install the electronics but it did not fit . failed	negative	physics
game	i got it and the bag was ripped and powder was everywhere and they are not replacing it , don't buy !	negative	purchase
game	when it came in the mail it was missing some rhinestones and it had ready faded it had turnedyellow	negative	message
game	litter still got tracked everywhere ! do not recommend ! it is very stiff and resembles astro terf . not attractive or effective .	negative	animal_group
game	have purchased two products from this seller . both were defective .	negative	commodity
game	cheap material broke after one simply drop , would not recommend for anyone to buy this product not worth the money .	negative	substance
game	it doesn't play in dvd playerit will might play only in pcsstay away stay away stay away stay away please	negative	compete
game	jeway too ornate for my taste . my granddaughter will use them for halloween . i probably won't order jewelry online again .	negative	grandchild
game	it appears you have to buy the puzzles before you can play . i've tried finding free ones but gave up .	negative	digit
game	i didn't get all the parts neccesary to use this product , sorry can't help you yet	negative	commodity
game	i bought it as a gift and had to send it back . it was not what he was looking for .	negative	acquisition
game	the case doesn't stay together . if you're holding the phone with one hand it can easily come apart and fall .	negative	extremity
game	the sleeves for a xl shirt are given as inches . this completely wrong . they are more like inches .	negative	garment
game	if you shake pen with cap off the ink will go everywhere . the coverage is not easy and not good .	negative	headgear
game	the size of the lines , etc . are too large and not enough of a challenge . keeps you busy for awhile	negative	magnitude
game	broke the first day i got it . i found one cheaper price at icing , so really dissapointed with this item .	negative	value
game	they do not stack like other snap warework well but store poorlyi dont have any thing else to say	negative	outlet
game	its a nice machine , but dosent do what i needed . i returned this item and was given a quick credit	negative	component
game	not at all the version of this song i wanted , slower and much lamer than the original , avoid , don't buy , save your money	negative	piece
game	broke after months . the cable length was nice . wish it didn't break . find some other option instead of this .	negative	wire
game	did not make a lot of sense , some funny lines but not enough to story line	negative	message
game	it did not work for me , i did not lose any weight at all , i would not buy it again	negative	physical_property
game	when i clicked on the song someone to watch over me , i got release me . watch what you purchase it .	negative	piece
game	arrived damaged , but it was also tiny . could barely fit a lunch in there .	negative	meal
game	i usually fit into a . narrow , and this was much too wide . it did not feel like a narrow .	negative	kind
story	great pens with stylus . very fast shipping . i even ordered another set to send to my daughter in the us navy .	positive	assemblage
story	a great read . chosen by my book club . i read it in two days ! it was hard to put down	positive	life
story	each cloth is individually packaged . easy to throw in a camera bag , purse , etc . they are a very nice quality .	positive	container
story	phillips cable is pretty bad , always have issue with the original , this cable perfect , plug it , worked fine . very good	positive	wire
story	this book was very helpful and an easy read . i read it in one evening without pulling my hair out .	positive	daytime
story	not many air compressors will do this , great product , i think it will work great for any project . go work	positive	commodity
story	i love this book ! i could not even put it down ! i will buy any book sarah palin writes or endorses !	positive	publication
story	i enjoyed books and . is there a available ? need more info on the budding movie stars . thanks	positive	show
story	i got these to replace vp versapak , amazon had the best price and deliverywas fast .	positive	value
story	excellent for how it is ! great for the bathroom ! save me so much space and it look so fashion in our bathroom !	positive	property
story	great support was a little tight to begin with but is wearing in nicely . i would recommend it to anyone !	positive	activity
story	i looked at some of these dvd cant not wait to look at the rest	positive	portion
story	for small dog it is the best . crossbody it is not heavy and is comfortable to running around the city .	positive	canine
story	interesting account of the some of the people on all four sides , both before and during ww ii in europe .	positive	record
story	very nice look and great features	positive	attribute
story	i think it's pretty good . sturdy strong . hope it has a long life can protect my ipad mini .	positive	existence
story	good infuser . works as designed . i wish the screen was a little finer but works for larger loose leaf teas .	positive	beverage
story	makes you really dig deep into your past , present , and future , while all under the notion of who you are .	positive	idea
story	book is in excellent condition . hard to believe it is used . quick , reliable would use this vendor again .	positive	state
story	i had bought a kc shirt before . as always , if the price is gd , they are great buy . very comfortable .	positive	purchase
story	sturdy , colorful , cute . great for little hands and no pages to tear during quiet reading times . great for a gift .	positive	acquisition
story	this headset provides clear sound quality and is easy to use . volume controls an off switch are on right eaepiece .	positive	quantity
story	what an awesome book to be used to build your faith in god	positive	publication
story	nickle plated was great . i couldn r put it down . i hope to read more of nickle s advertures in the future .	positive	time
story	clark's shoes are quality and comfort with style . no breaking in is ever needed . this is a very good buy .	positive	purchase
story	this device works exactly as it was promoted . i recommend this adapter .	positive	instrumentation
story	simple but effective tool . one of those things that makes you say why didn't i think of this ? works well	positive	implement
story	absolutely love it . very well constructed for the price . super comfortable ! plan on ordering another .	positive	value
story	great quality and good price .	positive	value
story	i order the book and it came on time , it was usefull and was in workable condition .	positive	state
story	use at work and love it ! when my first one broke i had to get another . it works great ! thanks !	positive	acknowledgment
story	came fast , in package , made a great present for my brothers girlfriend , will be dealing with you in the future	positive	woman
story	hard to find batteries for my high intensity flashlight . these last longer than most . alternatively get rechargeable ones to use .	positive	magnitude
story	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	spouse
story	a good expansion for a great game .	positive	increase
story	beautiful bag . i mean just gorgeous . not too heavy either .	positive	container
story	i used this spatula frequently and it always does a great job on the cakes that i bake . great product .	positive	commodity
story	pros shipped immediately ! bought this as a birthday present and i was not disappointed great quality slim packaging , convenientcons none !	positive	anniversary
story	this is our first zac brown and am thouroghly enjoying . this is the best . we love every song on this cd .	positive	piece
story	these tongs are the perfect size and are easy to handle . a great addition to the kitchen !	positive	room
story	so it staples like one expects . not much more to add . staff member happy so therefore , i am too	positive	personnel
story	it is a very moving picture i really . enjoyed watching it . i love watching all his movies and plays .	positive	representation
story	i was considering selling my s w until i tried this grip . i will never sell it now . it's great	positive	grasping
story	the quality of the main characters' performances was top notch . i would watch this more than once , really . i would	positive	attribute
story	exactly what i expected ! great tunes and love the live vibe ! three cd set has a great selection of songs .	positive	music
story	my grandson loves this cute monkey hat and he says he loves the way it keeps his ears warm too .	positive	grandchild
story	these were exactly what i thought they were going to be and super cute ! i highly recommend getting a pair .	positive	set
story	i love karin slaughter ! her books are awesome ! i sure enjoyed the book ! it was short , but a great read !	positive	publication
story	once i got a replacement for the inoperable compass on the first staff , it worked perfect . a hiking necessity .	positive	personnel
story	el concierto esta muy bueno . la musica , el sonido , etc . me gusta mucho como canta bolton	positive	metal
story	really looked forward to playing this but no amount of double tapping makes a puzzle piece rotate . very very disappointed .	negative	portion
story	its a picture of a bib but it is a hat s its too cheap to return or i would've	negative	headgear
story	cheaply made had tons of trouble with it from the start . especially when using it with my phones . disappointing	negative	beginning
story	pretty much the same subject as , but definitely not as good as one of his other books sign of her heart	negative	substance
story	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	publication
story	tent ploe broke and tent ripped on first set up . on hold with customer service for hours	negative	consumer
story	it did not have the proper parts to assemble the launcher .	negative	armament
story	it's not as i though it will be , i like to return it if i can how can i return it ?	negative	kind
story	too fast for my taste but fun . i wouldn't recommend it to someone like me who can barely keep up .	negative	recreation
story	the bulbs that work are just fine , however of the bulbs did not work fresh from the package .	negative	assemblage
story	battery does not hold a charge ! was no better that the battery that i was replacing . i should have returned it	negative	attack
story	quality was bad . i sent it back . the other item i ordered from patty boutique was bad quality as well	negative	shop
story	wanted more . just covers the very basic principals . i want to know more than just how to cut a mitered joint .	negative	body_part
story	same thing happened to me ordered nighttime but they are not as advertised ! returned them , very frustrated ! please fix description	negative	statement
story	nothing . just one cd . no book , no userguide . for a foreigner like me . its . completely useless	negative	traveller
story	lasted only a month . tight fit but ripped easily . not sweat proof either . now i have to get something else .	negative	evidence
story	says x x , not even ! more like . x x . . not worth sending back !	negative	utter
story	thanks to this book , i am now dumber than i was before i read it . it was just awful . ugh .	negative	publication
story	it did not work as i thought it would it would not locate epub files on my kindle at all .	negative	record
story	didn't like it at all . the graphics was not appealing and it was not what i thought it would be .	negative	visual_communication
story	does not work at least as advertised . may not be even worth the one star .	negative	celestial_body
story	hooked up this product yesterday , turned on the pump on low and large whole was on the side of it .	negative	commodity
story	i really liked the appearance of these boots , but they were way too narrow . very uncomfortable . they will be going back .	negative	footwear
story	it only works for few cycles . do not waste your money .	negative	interval
story	every time i touched the screen i got an error message and the game turned off ! don't waste your time .	negative	communication
story	expensive bulky product that did not work with my mac , no matter what i tried . much better scanners out there .	negative	commodity
story	this game would not open . never got a chance to play it . don't buy the game . it doesn't work at all .	negative	possibility
story	most confusing book i have recently read . too many characters and unrealistic plot . not up to box , s standard .	negative	container
story	the rope is cheap , the instructions are not clear , and the needed head room was never indicated in the ad .	negative	manual
story	i purchase this product in june of last year and it broke after eight months . i would not recomment it .	negative	acquisition
story	nothing but a plastic pot . no instructions , no added anything to make it a self watering pot .	negative	manual
story	the phone sounds is low . speaker phone sounds distorted . volume level low gary b renner as submitted by me myself	negative	quantity
story	the latch broke after uses junk junk junk just like everyone else's . i wouldn't recommend it . don't buy beware .	negative	purchase
story	did not like it , took to long for ice cream to make after carefully following instructions . will try another brand	negative	manual
story	fine in clear water read swimming pool . clarity of camera is disappointing . forget it in bright sunlight . expensive toy , would not recommend .	negative	liquid
story	my son loved this toy for the approximately days that it worked . was a big disappointment .	negative	life
story	i have read better ! it is wordy and actually not spicy at all considering the title . give it try yourself .	negative	heading
story	pictures are deceiving . very very small . impossible to store ties or socks . don't waste your money	negative	neckwear
story	wanted a crossword puzzle for a yr . old and this one was not it . did not seem to challenge her .	negative	time_period
story	it doesn't stay firm even overnight . the motor burned out after a while . i bought a coleman . . . .	negative	business
story	i really didn't enjoy the movie . just didn't seem like it was a believable move for me . could be wrong !	negative	show
story	waste of cents . really , you sold this ! what a joke . sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks	negative	rupee
story	this did not appeal to us at all . it looked to be low budget and poor acting . would not recommend .	negative	fund
story	it is very flimsy . i am still looking for one i can use . but it does fit the tablet well .	negative	slab
story	i only watched about minutes of this one . i couldn't understand what the actors were saying most of time .	negative	performer
story	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	attribute
story	wow . this was gross . who sleeps with creatures in the woods ? the author has some serious issues to work through	negative	flora
story	the product was too small for me , but i can send it back because i am out of the country	negative	commodity
story	was about a cm to small length wise , when installed it just didn't seat right . i would look somewhere else	negative	dimension
story	one can never get anywhere without spending money . goals are impossible without buying energy . poor free game	negative	content
movie	good deal and it works great on my phone !	positive	electronic_equipment
movie	i can't wait to watch the next episode , and the next , and the next . i have found my new binge show !	positive	indulging
movie	this is a great book filled with life's lessons . i can't wait to read the rest of his wonderful journey !	positive	pedagogy
movie	shipped fast for my son at christmas . he loves them . warm and memory foam sole make them comfortable .	positive	season
movie	good for opening packages from amazon . you can look cool doing it too . sharp in both meanings of the word .	positive	message
movie	good belt for the price . i wear size pants and i got a size fits well . thank you	positive	value
movie	very strong scent and nicely bottled . worked well for the natural insect repellent i made at home .	positive	smell
movie	works ok , gave it to a girlfriend because they are more comfortible than the apple headset	positive	woman
movie	like the producthappy with ityes i would recommend it . neck less arrived in perfect condition to the house .	positive	abode
movie	great book had its ups and down . it was just really short , left me wanting more lol	positive	publication
movie	just brings back old , old memories ! we had a christmas tree like that one year because of finances back then .	positive	season
movie	after accidentally leaving our camera at a vacation condo , this is a perfect replacement at a reasonable cost . thanks amazon !	positive	outlay
movie	very nice everything works well specimen looks very clear would recommend handy carrying case structure was durable no complaints .	positive	instance
movie	oooooo great , it as been a couple of years since i have been lindt lindor truffles plan on justing some	positive	pair
movie	comfortable even on the warmest days . good quality .	positive	life
movie	this runs great on kindle fire , and ischallenging even in easy mode but not impossible . looking forward to the sequel .	positive	happening
movie	cute but the sizes run a bit small .	positive	magnitude
movie	maybe just a little less interesting than i expect robert whitlow to be , but still am glad i bought it .	positive	infection
movie	the louise penny , inspector gamache series are absolutely wonderful . i loved the audio presentation . i have ordered the entire series .	positive	officer
movie	i am involved in a bible study and i find this book just full of information , i use it everyday .	positive	examination
movie	grat fit and s uacute per light . not good for running because they fall of your face but grat for any moment .	positive	point
movie	kubriks film holds up to fx laden space operas decades later . one of my favorite film of all times	positive	period
movie	a little confusing at first , but ultimately great for netflix viewing . i would highly recommend this product to a friend	positive	display
movie	does what it's supposed to do . the red latch is hard to close and not easy to padlock .	positive	spectral_color
movie	perfect length , long legs so have trouble ,	positive	dimension
movie	great looking functional and you can't beat the price .	positive	value
movie	very well written book with many twists and turns . held your attention the entire time and had a fast start .	positive	beginning
movie	very stylish , well made . this item is better than most decorative phone covers . would purchase more items from this vendor brand .	positive	covering
movie	enjoy playing this game very much	positive	activity
movie	this is probably someone's thesis for a phd , but what ever it is , it is funny . well , not funny , interesting .	positive	premise
movie	great design and material . they run a little too small though . order a size larger than you would usually wear .	positive	substance
movie	great ride , loved this period thriller , splashed with a bit of comedy , and fictional account of the birth of profiling .	positive	journeying
movie	nice case for mt pantech marouder . snapped right on and i have gotten a few nice comments about the case !	positive	statement
movie	just what i needed at the time . thank you for making this song available . loving it and looking for more .	positive	piece
movie	love it ! cuts crisp , clean shapes and it couldn't be cuter . i am very pleased with this purchase . thank you !	positive	acquisition
movie	i just finished the trilogy , very family friendly not a lot of cussing , good content , thought provoking .	positive	trio
movie	very well built and agile for any need . i would definitly recomend this bag for any use you require . a	positive	container
movie	why would there be a game called beauty secrets . the tips i think seem helpful hope they make me look better .	positive	information
movie	these ballasts are working great and i would highly recommend for the low cost . went together pretty easy as well	positive	outlay
movie	i am very happy with purchase according to apple store sale person thanks in futurei will more from same murchant	positive	selling
movie	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	poultry
movie	it is a little lighter than i expected but the quality is good . packaged well and easy to put together .	positive	attribute
movie	this is a good product for children . they can play with the pictures and keep them in good shape .	positive	commodity
movie	solid hood , reverses on lens for storage . very rare i do not use this hood when shooting macro .	positive	retention
movie	this product was as described . thank you very much for the product . works like it was intended too . very nice	positive	commodity
movie	a must have for the die hard black sabbath w ozzy fan that want's to complete their collection .	positive	device
movie	one of my favorite songs by sammy kershaw . it has a great beat , really great song , i love it alot	positive	piece
movie	a good read and a very interesting beginning ! this is a new story line , i wonder where it will lead	positive	happening
movie	this book did not give information that has not been published prior to this date . nothing new .	negative	day
movie	all they do is muffle the sound . i can still hear everything . they don't work . do not waste your money .	negative	medium_of_exchange
movie	this did not appeal to us at all . it looked to be low budget and poor acting . would not recommend .	negative	fund
movie	the whole plot was just no good . not worth the read .	negative	publication
movie	dress is not as dressy as it looks on line . it could pass for a play dress rather than an outing dress .	negative	journeying
movie	too slowand need to be more up beat and happy try this one again my grandson did not loke it	negative	grandchild
movie	took forever to process and was not worth the price . stiching is poor . would recommend regular boxers over these . .	negative	underpants
movie	the earrings were far too small and not actual size as i had expected . not happy with them at all .	negative	jewelry
movie	this product was sub par , out of attempts to print , worked , i was very disappointed in this advertising	negative	publicity
movie	if looked as a parady of some other books it was some whatamusing . but very heavy handed .	negative	publication
movie	so much for instant been waiting and it just says pending and no way to cancel order ruined my night	negative	moment
movie	not what i expected because the tools didn't fit in the screws or the screen the way they should have	negative	surface
movie	was very surprised that this toy was cheaply made . activity did not keep toddler interested in doing the different functions .	negative	child
movie	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	publication
movie	it's the worst computer that i ever have in my life ! , doesn't have enough memory and it is too slow ,	negative	existence
movie	boots are lovely but too tall for my lower leg . hit too far above knee and were big at top	negative	footwear
movie	scratches much too easily . you will be forced to replace this much too often . i ended up going with skinomi .	negative	wound
movie	i have to return it because it was damagei hope this thing never happens againi could n use it	negative	anticipation
movie	i never received the right item they sent dorait would have been a great gift to give to someone	negative	component
movie	doesnt get hot enough , my daughter is disapointed . i plan on returning itpossibly just defected . i would still consider a purschase	negative	idea
movie	these do not work at all . no sound , no light . complete junk . will be returning . please do not order these .	negative	trash
movie	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	attribute
movie	don't waste your time and money . almost two months and i've still haven't got the cases . very very very disapointed .	negative	instance
movie	hard to believe not particulary well done , shallow story with easy to figure climax . would not read others by this author .	negative	illustration
movie	this item work for day i would not recommend this to anyone else waste of money time horrible	negative	component
movie	was about a cm to small length wise , when installed it just didn't seat right . i would look somewhere else	negative	dimension
movie	the heater does not keep the water warm . when i use it . i have to add hot water from my tap water	negative	liquid
movie	the delivery froze solid on my porch and burst the containers open . i will try again when it warms up	negative	transport
movie	i had been using formula , which is half of the garlic strength . i returned this am switching back .	negative	property
movie	i cannot believe that whoever packed my order . gave me a kitchen spatula instead of a picture card !	negative	room
movie	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	cushion
movie	took longer than advertized to get here and range is very short . would not buy again .	negative	extent
movie	instructions were very clear and easy to follow , but it just didn't work for me . have to find another option .	negative	manual
movie	works great on a large size tiled shower but doesn't grip well with small tiles because of grout and spacing .	negative	plaster
movie	case was broken when i got it i had to tape it together but it does work okay for now	negative	occurrence
movie	it does not work as advertised i will try something else . works on old system . i tried everything no luck .	negative	instrumentation
movie	i'll . put this in the nicest way possible . this game is soooooooooo stupid . i'm still talking because of word minimums	negative	extremum
movie	it fits the pistols great , but it is so obvious you are better off wearing an imb or fanny pack .	negative	firearm
movie	the phone does not work properly . it shuts off every second for no reason . it does not hold a charge	negative	attack
movie	the color is kind of dumb and the material seems no protection at all . but consider of price , it's ok .	negative	substance
movie	i use it for day and my strap is broke , is the worse watch .	negative	timepiece
movie	this book took way too long to get to the plot . it drug on and on . ending was just ok .	negative	publication
movie	i got the wrong fxxking sword not like the picture . done . done . done . done . done zero star . bad company i not oder again from you guys .	negative	weapon
movie	wish it didn't have the velcro on the back . not a good idea . very itchy . so now it just sits on my dresser .	negative	furniture
movie	they're ok but they dont stay it place on the seat very well . other than that thy're good . .	negative	space
movie	not durable at all . disappointed with the quality of the sole . i had expected more from nunn bush . shoe was comfortable .	negative	footwear
movie	i loved this book ! who would . ever think that rowley . would have a girlfriend ? this is an amazing series to me !	negative	woman
movie	this book is so important . folks we need to stop monsanto . read this book if you don't know why yet .	negative	kin
movie	just because is u , magazines they rate as good . what this is just bad bad music ! .	negative	publication
movie	i never received this product . please find out why and let me know the status . thank you .	negative	commodity
phone	dvd's works great ! i love the movie can't wait for the new gz to come out in may , hell ya !	positive	show
phone	great fr people who have sinus problems but want to take care of it using natural products instead of medicine !	positive	commodity
phone	i would recommend the purchase of these pajamas . they are well made and durable . the john deere part was great !	positive	acquisition
phone	i really like it it's easy to install	positive	put
phone	does exactly what it claimed to	positive	affirm
phone	this is my jam ! amazon has it all ! always my go to for all my shopping needs , shoes , clothes , music . whatever !	positive	clothing
phone	it's exactly what i needed . would order again . how much more info do you need . this should be plenty . right . ok	positive	message
phone	would give it stars , but it's a bit confusing on weather the battery is charged . great price . looks great	positive	value
phone	comfortable as bedroom shoes , but very smart looking these have been my go to walking preference all holiday . happy new year !	positive	leisure
phone	brings me back and also makes me run fast when i'm out with my ipod and turning mile . yes	positive	stereo
phone	it is a nice rope . not sure what else to say . its a rope . well constructed . it should outlast me .	positive	line
phone	smart launcher is a nice dock . this adds notification counts to it .	positive	number
phone	one of the best companies that produce high quality cartridgs on this planent . excellent ! owned other ortofon cartridgs in s	positive	attribute
phone	bought weeks ago and i love it . hits harder than the rockfords i had in before	positive	period
phone	also get the others to so far all are excellent . they're worth your bucks .	positive	horse
phone	easy to read , many twist and turns to keep your interest . like getting the entire series in one book purchase	positive	acquisition
phone	good product , i like this lab , i and my friends , really like it . good very stuff . its my opnion . enjoy	positive	commodity
phone	great quality poster that includes a postive , encouraging , and true message for students . i purchased this for an elementary classroom .	positive	communication
phone	i work late most nights until or o'clock and the stun gun w flashlight makes me feel much safer	positive	weapon
phone	it's been a long time reading a short story book . loved it ! i would recommend this book to my friends .	positive	instance
phone	i bought this for my teenage son and he seems happy with it no complaints .	positive	man-child
phone	inspiring ! a must read book for everyonewho ever had some tough timeshe is so brave ! bring along the tissue box !	positive	container
phone	sent it to twin granddaughters st birthday my son said very easy to put together and sturdy good choice !	positive	anniversary
phone	awesome product ! battery lasts a long time and the silent alarm is awesome ! great for goal keeping ! a definite buy	positive	purchase
phone	moving and romantically emotional . i would buy more books by the same author . i recommend you to read this book .	positive	publication
phone	great ! much easier to use than those red gas cans that have all the safety features . want to buy more !	positive	attribute
phone	very nice bright new led lite for d maglitecompared this to the d battery maglite and its no comparison .	positive	artillery
phone	works like a real charm truthfully not a scam comes just as promised exactly would buy again love this item !	positive	component
phone	i like this book it touches me it's emotional but kinda a thrill and i liked it very muchreally	positive	contact
phone	this is the best performance protein on the market . plus it tastes great !	positive	macromolecule
phone	fantastic . if you liked fast food nation , and have thoughts about our society . then this is for you . a true eye opener .	positive	substance
phone	the recipes look great ! can't weight to try them !	positive	instruction
phone	substantial pen and the mechanism works beautifully . good weight . i want every color .	positive	chemical_process
phone	very nice for the price would recommend to others . my wife like it a lot and it get the job done	positive	spouse
phone	totally awesome page turner i have read lots if books and this is one of the best loved it a	positive	folio
phone	keeps you coming back for the next episode . can't wait for season to be available on instant video . smile .	positive	pause
phone	awesome , simply awesome . a game changer even for a handicapper .	positive	gambler
phone	heard about this from podcaster daniel brewer , so decided to give it a try . glad that i did . totally engrossing .	positive	maker
phone	what a great book . i have cronic pain and this book is one of my bibles .	positive	publication
phone	cheap quality , but very inexpensive does the job	positive	activity
phone	just what i expected . a good product .	positive	commodity
phone	great movie . very funny . loved the story and the message behind it . would highly recommend this movie for all ages .	positive	communication
phone	i purchased as gift and am sure se'll love them . they match her other dishes .	positive	crockery
phone	it is a large beautiful brooch . i purchased it as an accent on my wedding dress . it should be perfect .	positive	ceremony
phone	these bands do the job ! definitely worth the money . they feel like quality bands that will last a while . recommended .	positive	activity
phone	authority just buy u as keystroke ratty free for the type to this commentary and r us on related to	positive	kind
phone	absolutely amazing ! i cannot recommend it enough . demetri martin is one of the funniest comedians around , if not the funniest .	positive	performer
phone	i am not much of a movie watcher but this one kept me in my chair through the whole movie	positive	seat
phone	great for side or back sleeping . very very comfortable . better than any pillow . wish i had discovered this years ago	positive	cushion
phone	great looking hat fits comfprtable and does not absord a lot of moisture , i use it as a golf hat !	positive	wetness
phone	i know trail xtreame was very basic but it was so realystic and smooth ! this just isn't that good . sgsii	negative	path
phone	the worst ending ever . i know that this author could have came out with a better ending then this . ridiculous !	negative	communicator
phone	doesn't work . after connecting to the mac , it works for a short while , and then the connection stops .	negative	relation
phone	expensive and not stainless steelwhat's wrongfiskers know better than to sell this piece of s to any one .	negative	portion
phone	i never received this book , nor have i ever heard of it . i would have love to read this one . wow !	negative	publication
phone	this did not work from day one . a waste of money . the return policy make syou eat the cost .	negative	outlay
phone	just about the sappiest , unbelievable , unreal , hodgepodge i've ever struggled to finish .	negative	mixture
phone	this was cheaply made and too big to fit inside the travelon essential bag's inside pocket . returned .	negative	pouch
phone	all copies of this movie must be recalled , put on a rocket , and fired into the sun .	negative	show
phone	battery doesn't last that long only min and battery died . .	negative	artillery
phone	i would not recommend this product to anyone , because it doesn't work as well as the advertisement said it would .	negative	publicity
phone	awful story line . wasted a day or two reading it	negative	message
phone	was really cute until it fell of not even a day later	negative	unit_of_time
phone	richard gere is a great actor just didn't like the story this time but will look for other r . g movies	negative	performer
phone	it was good but not great so don't get it because it is not good so please don't get it	negative	technology
phone	the head sheared off after months of use . impossible to find a service center that is still in business .	negative	enterprise
phone	it does not work on gel nails . such a waste of money ! wish i would have gone with a better brand !	negative	name
phone	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	attribute
phone	there were no instructions with these , so i am not sure what i am looking for in the results window .	negative	manual
phone	the stories are poorly written , they are out dated , you need better reporting . you can't just copy other peoples stories .	negative	news
phone	this is just a dumb waste of time . i've got better things to do . and i hate the sound effects .	negative	instance
phone	i thought this book would be entertaining , but turned out to be a big disappointment . boring . never finished reading it .	negative	publication
phone	this was a ground breaking book at the time but it does not hold up to the test of time	negative	experiment
phone	the bag has the wrong image ! this is not the bag i got ! beware !	negative	container
phone	i deleted this after several chapters . i was bored and not entertianed by the story . i did not get it .	negative	section
phone	too tight in the toes . it looks great in the picture but . and to return it is not worth it .	negative	representation
phone	this bag reeks of plastic fumes , so much so that i found it unusable . not recommended , even for the price .	negative	smell
phone	this game is simplistic and boring . no challenge . it was free , but it was still too expensive . you shouldn't bother .	negative	activity
phone	these do not easily open . the magnet underneath is not strong enough . it's very cheaply made . i don't recommend it .	negative	device
phone	i think they did ok they could do better that is what i think of the book it is ok	negative	publication
phone	just offers a game that was out there long ago and it was one that i removed from my kindle .	negative	flare_up
phone	not particularly well written nor was there much of an insight into frank costello . not a lot to recommend this .	negative	large_indefinite_amount
phone	disappointed feel taken advantage ov there is only music no exercise steps wish for refund how do i do this	negative	exertion
phone	not terrible , but not that exciting either . seemed like a young adult novel at times . but it passed the time .	negative	period
phone	i like the shirt , except it is so small . it is a exlarge , but it looks likea small .	negative	garment
phone	all markers were dried up , absolutely useless . money wasted .	negative	artifact
phone	cheap ! cheap ! cheap ! i had this put in to my infiniti i and months later it blew out	negative	period
phone	they look better online . i wore them once because they look so cheap .	negative	element
phone	works great on a large size tiled shower but doesn't grip well with small tiles because of grout and spacing .	negative	plaster
phone	poor video transfer quality and sound . highly unrecommended . there should be laws against creating such garbage .	negative	movement
phone	perfume fragrance smelled artifical didn't smell like natural coconut oil it had a horrible smell more like a car fragrance .	negative	smell
phone	is not working fine . the system hangs up all the time .	negative	instance
phone	can i leave no star ? this brush is terrible . loose hairs every time i used it . dont waste your time	negative	instance
phone	product was described as boiled wool , latex sole , soft wool upper . item received was polyester . item will be returned .	negative	commodity
phone	not what i was hoping for . clock is smaller than expected and is loud .	negative	timepiece
phone	im sure i saw this movie in the theaters but gave me a lot of memories of this movie .	negative	show
phone	awful movie that is just ridiculous ! do not waste your time or money with it . vince vaughn had done better	negative	show
phone	very slow service , price on an older paperback book . disappointed in the book and the service .	negative	book
phone	these glasses are huge and heavy ! i would prefer a little smaller and lighter . it looks like the glass is thick .	negative	solid
phone	it is very big to load it and it is not practices of managing . i am not reommended . lost money	negative	succeed
book	good rope . hasn't rotted yet . very long . defiantly worth buying . would buy again if needed . so buy it already .	positive	purchase
book	works great . i am very satisfied . i would recommend to others . i would purchased this item again . great value for price .	positive	value
book	great upbeat song . gets the blood pumping and makes ya wanna bob your head involuntarily . i need five more words .	positive	language
book	my kids loved the pictures of the story , and the humor in the presentation of the life of a kiwi .	positive	existence
book	after getting a thumbs up from an artist friend , i ordered this for my daughter . she liked it very much	positive	creator
book	product arrived fast , wife is very happy with quality and looks . ty geneo	positive	spouse
book	wish it allowed more data for the money . but long as you don't download videos , you're ok . easy to use	positive	transfer
book	i love this bingo game . easy to use and fun to play . a wonderful combination . i would recommend to anyone .	positive	aggregation
book	this is perfect for what i need , and it wasn't expensive . i so glad i bought two !	positive	acquire
book	i love it ! i just love it plus i watches the show and it's awesome ! do you like it ? yay tehe	positive	want
book	was leaving on a cruise , and needed the diffuser because i did not know what the blowdryer would be like .	positive	voyage
book	it's a cute game , fun and especially if you like cocktails . it is also challenging . can't stop playing it once i start .	positive	beginning
book	pool ladder met the expectations . great price for the quality of ladder .	positive	value
book	dimensions and strength where correct . good small spring that i needed . using it for bed leveling system in my d printer .	positive	season
book	i'm a movie buff and love the old movies . this dvd was an excellent addition to my collection . great movie .	positive	show
book	i found this strap online and when compared to gc and sam ash they couldn't even come close in price .	positive	value
book	well written with a different view of achilles .	positive	orientation
book	looks cute on my son . wish the belt that comes with it is a bit longerrr ! would buy another in future	positive	loop
book	i can not get enough of ed sheeran . i would highly , highly , recommend any and all of his songs	positive	piece
book	how could you go wrong with anything by adele ? this cd is absolutely fabulous . love it . play it all the time .	positive	instance
book	fabulous colors , great selection . applies beautifully . nice containers	positive	flag
book	very nice and is working well for my son in high school . i would highly recommend this calculator for anyone .	positive	man-child
book	this is a great show good family entertainment without all the reality bologna ! the plot story line is wonderful .	positive	recreation
book	thank you so much qualty is very nicelittle bit smaller than im imagine but realistic as per as photo	positive	representation
book	dai z loves it . she used to have a spiky collar , this is from to times better .	positive	period
book	fantastic intrigue ! wonderful , true tolife characters . never guessed the end ! can't wait for the sequel !	positive	pause
book	this has every great hit that clapton ever made . better than i expected ! a must have for every music collection !	positive	feat
book	i can't stop listening the cd ! is just beautiful . paceful music , excellent lyrics , the music is fabulous . loved it .	positive	finish
book	my wife enjoyed tris shoes since se saw and now i shocks tell they look better than the picture thanks	positive	spouse
book	a fun escape . not overhyped fluff by any stretch of the imagination .	positive	creativity
book	great companion to comprehension connections ! this tanny mcgregor once again delivers hands on concrete ways to understand different genres !	positive	understanding
book	very nice for getting tangles out without punishing your loved one . can be used on any dogs any breeds . thanks'	positive	canine
book	i like this product . it is the good value for money this product . sl is good condition . and cheap x	positive	commodity
book	this is about the only bond movie i like , not much into other bond movies maybe one or two more	positive	show
book	very cute . both kids love this . pack so worth it , rather than buying each one seperatly . no problemsthanks	positive	juvenile
book	very simple to use with a double name area , and very simple to attach , exactly what i needed . thanks again	positive	acknowledgment
book	only mm and holds discs , and with artwork visible from outside and inside . well made ao should be durable .	positive	audio
book	nice swim suit , not very expensive . but you should wash it by hand because the material is a little delicate .	positive	substance
book	i'm a long time tom petty fan and it's great to see him hook up with old friends .	positive	catch
book	awesome kights for daytime and nightime driving . harness is bit kong for a bike but easy to sokice and install	positive	swing
book	there are definitely cheaper alternatives but i wanted the best on the market that wouldn't leak . these are the ones !	positive	digit
book	love this game would also recommend it to any one . keeps me interest . would try other games like this one .	positive	activity
book	so far the lamp is working very well . samsung bp a lamp with housing lti phillips	positive	structure
book	hung on my wall had to push couch back picture so good sounds good was easy to set up	positive	seat
book	he said it was awesome . just what he was looking for , he's into camo stuff and it fit the bill .	positive	substance
book	very satisfied with my purchase .	positive	acquisition
book	just download it and enjoy . what is there to complain about no costs , no ads , and no gimmicks . great product !	positive	commodity
book	more than i expected , and free ! not yelling , just happy . had much more useful info than i had expected	positive	message
book	good product , i like this lab , i and my friends , really like it . good very stuff . its my opnion . enjoy	positive	commodity
book	i love my wide angle lens , it rocks ! i'm so happy i decided to purchase it ! thank you so much .	positive	space
book	it was bad quality , with an open , used packet of the glue liquid . i dislike it . it is cheap price .	negative	fluid
book	they were smaller than expected and presented in the photo . in the smallest one it is nearly impossible to pub anything .	negative	tavern
book	even with light and only occasional use , it died after a few months . feels kind of cheap and plasticky also .	negative	period
book	this got so dirty and disgusting and was impossible to clean ! i would never buy another one of these again .	negative	acquire
book	it looked a little to fake for that kind of movie . i didn't like the plot that could of ben better .	negative	show
book	dont buy , it not good and not worth to buy this . it is so small and cheap	negative	acquire
book	this tv does not include a digital tuner . a cable box is needed to receive digital hd programming . just fyi .	negative	wire
book	broke within weeks . replaced with gm part , been ok ever since . i guess i got what i paid for .	negative	period
book	my husband and i both had this case and both our screens cracked . buy a better case .	negative	spouse
book	just another teen drama . this show is terrible . sorry for the actors in the show , but it falls very flat .	negative	performer
book	this item quit working after less than a year and i hardly ever used it ! do not buy this !	negative	component
book	this game is pretty simple but its not fun enough to be in the same category as a bingo game .	negative	aggregation
book	i reader the reviews dosen look good you should look at the reviews too they help alotdon't get it	negative	assessment
book	smaller punches were plastic and broke the first time i used them . i purchased a set from craftsman to remedy .	negative	blow
book	this does not work as an incense burner . every time we put a candle in it it just goes out .	negative	lamp
book	these fell apart in seconds . you get what you pay for . the idea seemed cool but the product needs improvement .	negative	commodity
book	they squeak when i walk . very annoying . can't return them because i wore them once . not happy .	negative	locomotion
book	it's enough to ponder that maybe roe v wade should be overturned . my grade d	negative	gathering
book	short and silly . might be good to download if you're looking for a minute mind less quickie to read .	negative	cognition
book	this product is not as user friendly as the version . i am sorry i spent the money on this .	negative	commodity
book	you thought you wasted your life before . boy are you in for a surprise .	negative	astonishment
book	film doesn't stick to the screen , leaves dirty bubbles . as rolls down the screen , the protector film was being stretched .	negative	production
book	the wires used for cutting came apart on first use while slicing strawberries . it was a complete waste of money .	negative	berry
book	doesn't display anything blank black screen with no characters or articles broken app although i do enjoy the magazine	negative	demonstration
book	this game app whatever is awful . no wondrr it is for free . nfiaghrhlfdkx gdkf hyena . yo tm rib dj ctn gh	negative	canine
book	would not work tried times no no no no no no no no no no no no no no	negative	period
book	bought for my granddaughter , not too much time before extras needed to be bought to continue game . wasn't that interested .	negative	grandchild
book	the little clips that hold the case together have started to break . i have had the case for a week .	negative	period
book	does not give a real picture of fracking in our world .	negative	representation
book	always pictures are different from realityit was not what i expect ! , but i liked the style it is uniqe	negative	property
book	whenever i put it on automotive mode all streets disappear .	negative	thoroughfare
book	i found it very basic and simple . it has the information that you need without going further on each theme	negative	message
book	cheap but trouble some epson tries hard to discourage the competion and it woked , i got rid of the printer	negative	skilled_worker
book	one side of the knives brioke after some use . difficult to clean .	negative	part
book	the material of this product is rather weak i ended up not using them for what they were intended for .	negative	substance
book	i didn't like it . the way it ended left me cold .	negative	kind
book	the smart cover is bad don't work correctly with the typing and video stand because the magnets are very weak	negative	writing
book	although very cute , of the five we ordered , two , including this one , had a zipper that broke almost right away .	negative	fastener
book	i wanted a woman's watch . this is too large . i returned it for refund . still waiting for refund . sondra bergey	negative	timepiece
book	doesn't handle thick batters well , tries to come off stand . not worth the bother , most hand mixers do better than this .	negative	ballplayer
book	it fail to meet my expectations . after a couple of months of use , the attache is coming unglued . poor workmanship .	negative	pair
book	i just received it and it looks nothing like the picture . super crappy pice of wood , no finish at all .	negative	representation
book	this item claims to be okay for ipad devices . it isn't . save your money and get something that actually works .	negative	component
book	i thought these were regular skechers . however , they were the exerciser type . i should have returned them . but , i didn't	negative	kind
book	as suggested i started using tablets a day , now using one tablet per day . will see how this works .	negative	unit_of_time
book	after installing the app it will not open ! i have installed the complete set and none of them will open .	negative	assemblage
book	might as well just have a game where you hit the next letter in the alphabet , or count by s	negative	number
book	this product was poorly made . it is filled with bugs and is not worth buying .	negative	purchase
book	great idea , but it just spins around . too small to catch much dribbling . also , velcro is scratchy .	negative	fabric
book	the color is too light almost pink instead of red . i would return it but too much trouble to do .	negative	spectral_color
product	sanuks are known for their comfort , and these are by far some of the comfiest shoes i have ever worn .	positive	position
product	i had no idea what an interesting life shepard lived . i thoroughly enjoyed reading about him and his exciting times .	positive	existence
product	great ! buy this book .	positive	publication
product	wonderful movie , despite the claustrophobic feeling . audrey hepburn is a walking advertisement for weight watchers , or something or other . incredible .	positive	publicity
product	anyone who knows breaking bad loves my freshner ! and it actually smells good would definitely recommend to a friend	positive	person
product	i have big hands and didnt quite like the grip on my xdm mm and the finger grips are perfect	positive	grasping
product	excellent detail , and the rug is an actual miniature braided rug nylon ? a must for any bully lover's tree .	positive	polyamide
product	sent it to twin granddaughters st birthday my son said very easy to put together and sturdy good choice !	positive	anniversary
product	great looking cover and love the option of viewing vertically or horizontally . everybody who sees mine , wants one ! great buy !	positive	purchase
product	after charging a few times i would defenetly recomend to anyone who ends up with no charge on the go	positive	period
product	this is an amazing story about a very talented and egocentric woman . the author and photographer did a great job .	positive	female
product	great watch , worth every cent ! not water proof , if that's an issue . was not an issue for me though , weeeeeeeeeeeeeee !	positive	timepiece
product	this color is discontinued so i was very pleased to find it .	positive	visual_property
product	great shoe . out of the box very comfortable . order one half size larger	positive	footwear
product	i just wanted to make sure to give this stars as it is essential for any psp owner .	positive	businessman
product	very good screens , and a new way to install i loved it .	positive	surface
product	really great book ! cant wait for the next book i will be reading it on v vacation next week !	positive	leisure
product	a classic and personal favorite .	positive	choice
product	love saving money . once the old broken pane was removed this snapped into place with no problem , looks totally stock .	positive	capital
product	its durably constructed and works well with any bike it works well on my schwinn speed bike p . s . great	positive	rate
product	great movie cuba is hilarious and those dogs . i could watch over and over everyday . lots of laughs from me	positive	canine
product	this novel kept my attention to the end . i will check out other of brett battles novels in the future .	positive	fiction
product	best ever ! love it ! put it on the side of my window on my jeep . i get complimented allll the time !	positive	car
product	works great , it does what its supposed to . also matches really well with my gear that is flat dark earth	positive	wheel
product	eldest son dj's in miami on weekends and wanted this . strange looking to me , but according to him , it's great .	positive	man-child
product	greeeat book ! real page turner i'd highly recommend this book to any reader of any agebrilliant ! simply brilliant	positive	folio
product	works great thank you i suggest buying it did the job and hold up great no more power issues here	positive	activity
product	i love the cables . cheaper here than anywhere else . they are great for the price and great for my needs .	positive	wire
product	the thing is bullet proof , looks good , and a great price . what else do these guy make ?	positive	man
product	i sometimes think he likes it more than mommy and daddy holding him . i would certainly recommend to any one .	positive	father
product	simple but effective tool . one of those things that makes you say why didn't i think of this ? works well	positive	implement
product	so , gotye wins a grammy aren't i prescient ! fine voice , excellent lyrics . that 's all for now now now now now now	positive	sound
product	this came as expected , but it took forever . but a cool tool none the less . for stashin my cash , yeah .	positive	currency
product	great book had its ups and down . it was just really short , left me wanting more lol	positive	publication
product	this is a good book . try this book it is very nice . did i say it was a good book . the end .	positive	publication
product	grat fit and s uacute per light . not good for running because they fall of your face but grat for any moment .	positive	point
product	got to have tool for construction , rescue and utility work . needs a holster , however .	positive	sheath
product	bought , i use it for hibiclens cleaner , it's best as a foam . this works great and is so attractive	positive	bubble
product	bought these as a gift and they seem to like them . they are a nice pair of glasses for money .	positive	set
product	great stuff , very light . excellent sunglasses .	positive	eyeglasses
product	i received this dvd is reasonable time , and it was a great addition ot my marx brothers dvd collection .	positive	instance
product	bought this ring to replace the one the hubby lost . it is a perfect fit and he loves it .	positive	spouse
product	works great . replaced a cable that had cracked and no longer worked . very pleased . would order it again . thank you	positive	wire
product	bought this hard drive a few years ago on amazon . still working great today !	positive	woman
product	just as pictured and looks great . meets what we needed to hold canes and umbrellas . great for the price .	positive	value
product	this flash drive holds plenty of data , and travelswell in a case , purse or in my luggage . good price too .	positive	value
product	dels best work ! fresh tracks , from del tha funkee homosapienmy favorite cd ever	positive	line
product	i love this french press entirely too much ! i would buy from united brands again in a heart beat !	positive	name
product	we had just re painted our closet bi fold doors , and these were the perfect accessory for them . they look great .	positive	wearable
product	i have always been a fan of belva plain . she is a great storyteller and this is a great book	positive	talker
product	the hp tri color printer cartridge did not work even though it was never used . the box was unopened .	negative	container
product	didn't get past the first few pages as it was awful sent it to the archives without reading it .	negative	folio
product	i am just not into the realms of science fiction . the plot was awful and lacked credibility , in my view	negative	quality
product	printing is not as concise and clear as the cartridge that came with my dell printer . printing appears slightly fuzzy	negative	ammo
product	the size is smaller than the one i own , but it works ok .	negative	magnitude
product	very long pointless film with very little footage of john wayne .	negative	film
product	were to start they come off your shoes i use other brands that work well but these are a joke !	negative	name
product	i gave this to my godchild for a christmas present and parts came out of the box already broken .	negative	container
product	hard to pedal , fan very loud and no seat adjustment knob came with the bike . went to bike shop for service .	negative	outlet
product	color wasn't at all what it displayed i will never use it it was smaller than i thought it was	negative	visual_property
product	man , this was like the opposite of a aphrodisiac .	negative	stimulant
product	this was the second one that has broken at the earpiece . good sound but cheap material and no carrying case	negative	substance
product	these are great looking sandals , but not for long walks . they are so uncomfortable , they hurt my feet big time !	negative	shoe
product	battery would not charge over the course of multiple tries using the various recommendations in the users manual supplied . most unfortunate .	negative	handbook
product	case was very cheap . broke first time it was taken off the ipod . wouldn't order another on like it . ever .	negative	stereo
product	cheap hole saws that make one hole before wearing out in spite of constant cooling are not after all cheap !	negative	locution
product	the package came in a plastic bag , no box and no cream attached only the brush and batteries .	negative	container
product	it'd be better if i just used this for a sore throat . tastes horrible and doesn't work . would not recommend	negative	sensation
product	the color cartrige is only printing in yellow . it doesnt do what it should . these may not be completely compatible .	negative	spectral_color
product	works great on a large size tiled shower but doesn't grip well with small tiles because of grout and spacing .	negative	plaster
product	i just bought it , and i'm taking it back . it worked for about seconds and hasn't worked since . cheap junk .	negative	trash
product	it is very big to load it and it is not practices of managing . i am not reommended . lost money	negative	succeed
product	makes phone get very hot don't want to ruin my phone . other then the hot part it works very well	negative	electronic_equipment
product	was expecting better quality and these were nothing i was needing . would not purchase again . and they broke first time	negative	attribute
product	not as advertised , requires japanese dvd player i wanted us . ad says compatible so i'm not happy with that	negative	contestant
product	this brand is difficult to find in the retail stores so i am happy it is available to purchase online	negative	name
product	this game app whatever is awful . no wondrr it is for free . nfiaghrhlfdkx gdkf hyena . yo tm rib dj ctn gh	negative	canine
product	it was to big so i'm going to return it for something else	negative	travel
product	the latch broke after uses junk junk junk just like everyone else's . i wouldn't recommend it . don't buy beware .	negative	purchase
product	i like the original tetris . there is no control for me . probly bcause i cant find how to control it .	negative	georgian_monetary_unit
product	props are hugely imbalanced and i had one break just hovering which caused a crash that broke my quad's arm .	negative	respect
product	i hate this app . first of all for what's it is it really costs to much money . this app stinks	negative	medium_of_exchange
product	i guess there must be a re issue they must put all the metallica songs thank you	negative	opinion
product	. good fast fun read .	negative	publication
product	i couldn't get into the book . just not my type of story i guess . i wouldn't really recommend this one .	negative	kind
product	strange story , predictable ending . easy read but many odd sexual additions that seemed unnecessary . these characters are definitely messed up .	negative	message
product	this does not work for the hd . be sure to get the right one when you order . i did not .	negative	request
product	i had this app for a minute and i already uninstalled it from my kindle in . other words useless app	negative	language
product	this slide didn't last a season . it split at the seam and can't repair it . my grandchildren are very upset .	negative	progeny
product	poorly made does not get hot enough to dry your hair	negative	body_covering
product	not very effective . will not grab dog hair as hoped .	negative	canine
product	never received this outfit ! and have been charged emailed company and have not heard anything back .	negative	establishment
product	it stops running whenever i run into certain characters , and it doesn't let me close it when i want to .	negative	imaginary_being
product	works great until it crashes ! it crashed with out any warning ! i will not buy another maxtor drive .	negative	informing
product	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	magnitude
product	not good so so so so so so bad bad bad bad bad don't get this game never get it .	negative	activity
product	if your phone has a cover , it won't fit in this pouch , it is too small . there are better options .	negative	bag
product	fake item , didn't workcheap , made in china waste my money . never buy again . i don't know why they sale junk items .	negative	selling
product	will not work correctly looks like a really cheap car not even nice enough for your kid to play with .	negative	motor_vehicle
product	turned my daughters skin blue .	negative	connective_tissue
time	excellant resource for bible study . historical , cultural and literary analysis . some author bias evident .	positive	examination
time	i thought the ending was not has good as the first book . just a set up for the third book .	positive	publication
time	good fun for toddlers and preschoolers . my kids really like it . educational and colorful . really keeps their attention . thank you .	positive	child
time	does exactly what it's supposed to do .	positive	speculate
time	these are great . longer stiffer handles are better than expected . a little pricey , but you get what you pay for .	positive	give
time	you must get this app it is so fun . the game play is really good and the graphics are good .	positive	dramatic_composition
time	these were lovely and as advertised . these and a hot glue gun really jazzed up our halloween costumes this year .	positive	weapon
time	a real stand up and cheer for the usa in a dark hour .	positive	unit_of_time
time	true to size . i order a size . but i needed an . you will love the shoe .	positive	footwear
time	i have it hanging in my key , and it is really a compact collection of tools , you will like it too	positive	grouping
time	i injoy playing this game its lots a fun	positive	large_indefinite_amount
time	it's the best mascara ever . goes on easy and thickens my lashes and stays on and very easy to remove .	positive	make-up
time	easy to follow directions and recipes you and your family will love . doc	positive	itinerary
time	i bought this for my husband to put his cc's in . he really likes it . i would recommend the buy .	positive	purchase
time	just wanted to state that i agree with those above . very handy tool , especially when looking for quotes for talks .	positive	discussion
time	a generic calculator whenever i need it . easy to use . got it for my kindle . works . like a calclator should . boom	positive	expert
time	my daughter wanted this for christmas so i got them for her . she loves them and uses them every day .	positive	season
time	my month old nephew enjoyed the box more at christmas than the toy , but hopefully he will enjoy it .	positive	container
time	great upbeat song . gets the blood pumping and makes ya wanna bob your head involuntarily . i need five more words .	positive	language
time	dropps are my preferred laundry soap . little packaging , big results without scent or unwanted additives . great in cold water too !	positive	liquid
time	this was a great follow up book . if your into steamy sex and revange its a must read .	positive	activity
time	i highly recommend brevail for any woman going through menopause . i take it in place of premarin . a night and day difference !	positive	female
time	great shoe . out of the box very comfortable . order one half size larger	positive	footwear
time	nice to find the products i like at reasonable prices that can also be delivered . why pay full retail price ?	positive	commodity
time	i love the dress , it was a little to big under the arm , but other then that it was good .	positive	limb
time	i love my carrier . it fits my phone perfectly . i've gotten many complements and with good reason , it's just perfect .	positive	traveller
time	it was what i expected , good fit for my bed . after a couple washes , they are nice and soft note	positive	pair
time	this thing is awesome ! it keeps me from getting too hot through the night and is the relief i needed !	positive	period
time	funny and entertaining you couldn't ask for more ! a laurel and hardy classic no one will forget especially at christmas !	positive	season
time	i think this marketing is brilliant . and now they have my . . thanks pixar for making things fun again .	positive	commerce
time	perfect for safely securing a handgun , but quickly and reliably accessible in an emergency .	positive	firearm
time	i use it to power my radio vintage vw and no accessory and light reminds me to shut it off .	positive	broadcasting
time	this surge protector has a solid housing as well as every type of connection needed to protect any home theater .	positive	abode
time	i love the scent . it is refreshing and makes you home smell great . the scent covers without overwhelming your home .	positive	smell
time	this fits perfectly in my cabinet and i use it to help organize my spices ! love love love love it !	positive	furniture
time	thought this was a great deal both versions for a very good price and received quickly	positive	value
time	loved the characters . found myself getting angry at may for her actions . i enjoyed this book and would recommend it .	positive	deed
time	an excellent read , i couldn't put it down . a true story that reads like a james bond novel , worth reading	positive	language
time	love tupperware and was wondering if this was for real considering the tupperware price . cheaper here but the real product .	positive	commodity
time	i like it . its simple and traditional . its not priced like a store but just as good . i recommend it .	positive	outlet
time	good game . like all the little monsters and the options of killing them off . good avatars too . wicked cool game .	positive	personification
time	another excellent guide ! clear and straightforward directions , worth the price . i encourage all who are interested to make the purchase .	positive	itinerary
time	this is like the bible stories but like a cartoon this is a great dvd to buy for your kids	positive	juvenile
time	runners dream case for the iphone ! my hubby love is ! easy to adjust to fit me as well . thank you	positive	felon
time	great educational value delivered in a fun show that our kids love !	positive	juvenile
time	i love it . it is finally easy medium and hard . the only bad thing is how sensitive it is . it soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooglitchty	positive	instrumentality
time	i really enjoy these sheets . they are very comfortable and have a nice cool feeling to them .	positive	state
time	it's so much cheaper and they work just as well as if i bought them brand new from the store .	positive	outlet
time	really happy with this product and the person it was bought for was excited the bank is colorful and fun .	positive	commodity
time	another great diana wynne jones book . i loved it ! but i love everything she writes .	positive	publication
time	stop by itself is a decent song . but the remixes are horrible ! do not buy this overpriced piece of trash !	negative	portion
time	weary of long advertisements and brutal topics . they are in poor taste if children are allowed to do these puzzles .	negative	publicity
time	to me it really works on the pain i was having in my knees . it doesn't upset my stomach either .	negative	ginglymus
time	i have the exact tablet listed and it did not fit was way too big to use on this model	negative	hypothesis
time	i ordered this but this product didn't work at all . i never expect that this product will not work . regards , gagan	negative	commodity
time	wiring disconnected from connector after a few uses . i threw it away since it was not worth returning . poorly made .	negative	circuit
time	not very comfortable . infortunaby they will be returned as my feet are not happy campers with this particular style shoe	negative	footwear
time	i dont feel this unit gives enough warning in most cases togive confidence . i would not buy it again	negative	definite_quantity
time	a video game on paper . levels and all . read one , read 'em all . won't have to read it again .	negative	material
time	awful . it was thrown together bad material . i felt gypped . i am sad and surprised that it was ever sold .	negative	substance
time	the magnets is too weak ! it did not work for me and i got it returned . i am very disappointed .	negative	device
time	its not big enough for much food and the zippers fell off and the strap will not stay in place	negative	fastener
time	not like it ! not like it ! i will not recommend to my friends ! my bad experience here ! will not buy anymore !	negative	education
time	this has to be marked as a jrs . maybe even girls top . it's really cute if it fit . sad . im returning .	negative	woman
time	stays too hot on low . unable to leave food in all day to slow cook , because it over cooks them .	negative	substance
time	it was not what i thought . i bought a book when i thought i was buying a dvd . my fault	negative	publication
time	then nothing . it's on its way to the landfill . apparently , i need to write five more words . now i'm done .	negative	language
time	the kindle no longer stays attached to the metal tabs meant to hold it . i am constantly reattaching it .	negative	element
time	only used this cable twice and the end fell out . not exactly the best quality	negative	wire
time	this saler is a fast shipper , not sure how well the makeup works , i didn't get to see it applied .	negative	cosmetic
time	due to the fact that it said new copy . it had been opened already which i thought was very un professional !	negative	grownup
time	it worked well at first , but then i was unable to get downloads to show up in this apps file .	negative	transfer
time	lovato's renditions of song , took away from original music , to where it was unrecognizable . i would not recommend it to anyone .	negative	piece
time	disappointing . doesn't add much over the manual that came with my a . not as useful as some reviewers have implied .	negative	handbook
time	these cables will not charge my phone . completely worthless .	negative	wire
time	it is cheap but what do you expect for the price doest do what one would hope it would junk	negative	value
time	fit too small and the arch too high . had to return it . did not like the boot color or fit	negative	footwear
time	would be great if didnt run threw aaa batteryus like water good vib till its incerted then hardly nething boo	negative	liquid
time	this product would not stay fasttened it kept coming apart i did not like it at all waste of money	negative	commodity
time	maybe a good picture . but controls , menus and integration ability are junk . been installing for years and would not recommend .	negative	power
time	nice bottle , but i was dissapointed when the pump didnt work . otherwise , i would had given this product stars !	negative	commodity
time	please send correct one . it does not fit . thank you so much .	negative	meet
time	too big for the adapter on my clock for my iphone to cradle with the case on , waste of money	negative	timepiece
time	it isn't helpful to me to see a still shot of a part of the freeway . i don't use it .	negative	highway
time	these earphones are very cheap , and sounds cheap . these should be used only as backup earphones , and be treated as such .	negative	electro-acoustic_transducer
time	i have read all of his books and liked this the least . very graphic description of homosexual acts . weak ending .	negative	statement
time	this telesales addition not worth the dollars . digitally remastered yeah right , vhs maybe . i still want a good copy .	negative	constituent
time	i have applied multiple applications and it didn't work . money down the drain .	negative	employment
time	not happy with it ! had it about a month and it's cracked from normal use . it has a design flaw !	negative	period
time	the gun will only shoot if there is only one bb in the clip , otherwise it gets all jammed up .	negative	weapon
time	not good for vacation . the holes are too large that the water comes out very quickly within a day .	negative	liquid
time	it doesn't work with iphone g false advertisement ! i gave it to my cousins who have the nano . waste !	negative	publicity
time	i never received the right item they sent dorait would have been a great gift to give to someone	negative	component
time	i'm an avid gardener and can usually make the most difficult plants come alive but not this one . they never sprouted .	negative	horticulturist
time	what came was a black pen ! does not work . don't buy this . fake pen . this is a knockoff . listing not honest .	negative	copy
time	the fruit was not fresh . was left extremely dissapointed . would have been better off buying them at my local grocery store	negative	mart
time	works grate however the vibration fiction does not work .	negative	movement
time	too difficult and kept finding ways to get me to make additional purchases to continue . a waste . deleted it .	negative	acquisition
time	i really like her series of never's . i wasn't interested in these characters nor the romance . i felt let down .	negative	relationship
time	overuse of the f bomb , tired portrayal of wallstreet , ten yrs ago would have been rated xf . this movie	negative	depiction
price	i would recommend this product to everyone because the bible has some life changing stuff in its pages . good reading !	positive	commodity
price	absolutly the most interesting season , it's amazing ! castle and becket is the best couple in the tv ! the best !	positive	pair
price	very inspirational , well written . this is an absorbing book that just can't be put down . i enjoyed it very much .	positive	publication
price	i purchased this product to mix miscellaneous products that don't necessarily require a traditional mixer . it gets the job done .	positive	commodity
price	for my grandson and he was pleased	positive	grandchild
price	purchased this replacement keyboard based on cost and recommendation . installed and worked perfectly as expected . no issues so far with performance .	positive	outlay
price	the color of the shirt is really vibrant . the material is soft ans breezy . its a really cute summer shirt .	positive	substance
price	it's funny how a modern mindset causes one to automatically see sexuality where it ultimately is not .	positive	attitude
price	it is a very affordable unit and very effective unit for keeping my battery charged would recommend unitto anyone !	positive	artillery
price	you must get this app it is so fun . the game play is really good and the graphics are good .	positive	dramatic_composition
price	this worked good . it saved alot of time , but the connectors are not very high quality . i would buy again .	positive	attribute
price	loved it . i wanted to keep reading so i bought books and . loved them all i recommend these .	positive	publication
price	nothing to complain about . just good for those who use this product every month	positive	commodity
price	this is a great value for a good quality coffee . we go through a lot and have always been pleased .	positive	beverage
price	this is a solid product . i got what i expected and got in in a timely manner .	positive	commodity
price	great alternative if you can't spend as much for a littman . works very well even when working with young children .	positive	juvenile
price	the sandalwood has a great aroma and my husband loves the shaving cream and the badger brush . worth the money .	positive	spouse
price	absolutely amazing ! i cannot recommend it enough . demetri martin is one of the funniest comedians around , if not the funniest .	positive	performer
price	these glasses are a great shape for sipping sniffing and are much easier to store than big , bulb snifters .	positive	stem
price	i think it's pretty good . sturdy strong . hope it has a long life can protect my ipad mini .	positive	existence
price	supper awesome ! i know that every body would love it soooo much ! i love it so will you !	positive	meal
price	works well and looks great too , fits the surface tablet very well . i would tell eveyone to get one great	positive	artifact
price	great product . used it to cook hamburgers and they turned out just great . not grease soaked . thanks . recommend highly .	positive	commodity
price	i no longer need to nag the kids to turn on the fan	positive	juvenile
price	simple design , quality leather and manufacturingthat work to keep tool safe and at hand ready to gowhen needed	positive	extremity
price	my granddaughter loves it . how can i tell you anything when i have not used the book or read it .	positive	grandchild
price	my grandson really loved it ! . arrived in plenty of time for christmas . had a lot of fun putting it together hope stasiak	positive	grandchild
price	my family loves catan . we play with friends and our year old kids . this is a great strategy game .	positive	juvenile
price	fantastic bra for running , none better . the girls don't move , not even a tiny bit .	positive	undergarment
price	kaufman fabrics are a high quality fabric manufacturer . the kona cottons by kaufman are one of basics for the quilter .	positive	attribute
price	i found it thorough and compelling . it covered the history , the present , the sites to see and the things to experience	positive	past
price	excellent story of world war ii and the families and countries involved . kept my interest and something i read quickly .	positive	message
price	we really liked how this movie tied all the individual avengers together , yet they all remained true to their characters !	positive	show
price	it is fun but sometimes harder . i would not get it for like and under . but it is freeereeeeeee	positive	recreation
price	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	spouse
price	item was just was listedeasy to apply and very useful . the items i apply to the pad stay put .	positive	component
price	wanted something to secure my helmet or jacket when i don't feel like using my topcase . this thing works great	positive	coat
price	the cover is a good fit , only a little difficult to put on . other than that great product . great value !	positive	commodity
price	they're awesome ! i'm a size and they fit pretty good for a size . . i love them ! pretty cool	positive	magnitude
price	great for when the grandkids are napping and very loud people are around	positive	group
price	easy to use and works great . would definitely get again if i had to . comes with power cord as well .	positive	line
price	item went on smoothly . no bubbles ! wish it had a more mirror affect when ppl are looking over my shoulder .	positive	component
price	blue sky hammocks with mosquito net is very comfortable and easley set up	positive	atmosphere
price	muy bueno , encontrar lo que buscaba , el libro es genial y sobre todo que pude tenerlo comodamente en mi domicilio	positive	metal
price	works very good . we use it for surfing and it keeps our faces from getting burned . the product met my expectations .	positive	commodity
price	este disco verdaderamente es tremendo , no me canso de escucharlo . buen ritmo , buena voz , buena letra ! viva !	positive	popular_music_genre
price	nice big container , and very clean , i hopee to buy more for them in the future if they want more	positive	time
price	always on the hunt for good music to reference when demoing loudspeakers , this was recomending by a friend , great tracks .	positive	line
price	yes , i would recommend this boot . i lake it very mush ! it really is women's western slouchy cowboy boots ! satisfied	positive	footwear
price	these three books were excellent reading ! i've enjoyed this series more than any other besides the original jane austen books .	positive	language
price	i would like to share a review with you about this thing but i have no idea what it is .	negative	assessment
price	this looks like the dumbest and most disgusting ever and i havent even got it and it seems so deranged	negative	kind
price	mine fell off a clean wall and folded over itself on the floor . game over . garbage can . it can't be separated .	negative	level
price	i couldn't get either of the two smooth enough . took them both off . what a waste of money !	negative	medium_of_exchange
price	i bought this because our whole family enjoyed the original schott's miscellany but this one isn't as good .	negative	unit
price	the seat covers that i ordered for my truck where garbage , they were ripped and did not fit my truck	negative	space
price	the side pocket zipper doesn't close ! good size fits dsc hx and all his acessories .	negative	pouch
price	the tablet was outdated didn't worked correctly and it eventually broke down worst purchase ever was okay when it worked	negative	acquisition
price	same as my other review same girl same work out i can burn one out and still have left	negative	assessment
price	the material was beautiful and the cut was great but the sleeves hung down to me fingertips . what a shame !	negative	substance
price	this brand is difficult to find in the retail stores so i am happy it is available to purchase online	negative	name
price	very small and thin , they don't look or feel real . not worth the money paid for these crappy slices . beware	negative	portion
price	one belt was the other pelt was	negative	loop
price	phone clarity could be better . occasionally i will get feedback while talking . it sounds like an echo .	negative	action
price	the phone sounds is low . speaker phone sounds distorted . volume level low gary b renner as submitted by me myself	negative	quantity
price	don't trust ge's sigma . i bought . one doesn't work now . the other has problems too .	negative	alphabetic_character
price	this is not real crocodile . the case started to crack and come apart within two weeks of me using it .	negative	period
price	these projects don't really interest me . the pure vanilla extract seems interesting . i might try some but i don't know .	negative	work
price	this mildew cleaner doesnt work no better than bleach , last time i will buy this product . a total waste of money !	negative	commodity
price	you get what you pay for well this wasn't even worth any bit of what i paid junk	negative	small_indefinite_quantity
price	it is very hard to put on and close the clasp , left handed or right handed . bracelet is very large .	negative	fastener
price	lots of fonts but the majority were minor variation on a standard theme . in other words wame thing over and over .	negative	modification
price	this wound up in the dumpster after one season . china makes the very best ?	negative	container
price	this product did not even work an was for my babys christmas gift was very angry do not buy this	negative	commodity
price	it is what it claims to be , but for personal use i found the rest cushioning to be too firm .	negative	portion
price	the book is full of self important drivel . as a result , it lacks clarity and coherence .	negative	consciousness
price	wife says this item is very pretty and stayed in one piece , but it started to rust . would not recommend .	negative	spouse
price	not very effective . will not grab dog hair as hoped .	negative	canine
price	i couldn't get through it . the worst movie i have ever seen .	negative	show
price	ok but didn't like the smell .	negative	sensation
price	lacked the wonder of her other two books in this trilogy . the writing was flat and of not much interest	negative	trio
price	i was trying to buy these for an adult . maybe a bad idea , but anyway , they are too small . fooey .	negative	person
price	new and improved design has me shopping for another vertical holder for my android . the previous design was much better .	negative	purchasing
price	this item quit working after less than a year and i hardly ever used it ! do not buy this !	negative	component
price	i started scanning over the architect stuff . then started scanning the serial murder stuff . and then just stopped opening it al together .	negative	substance
price	item was different than what i received and it was also too large . cheap lace galore . just dont buy this .	negative	purchase
price	i ordered a lgip n battery , but i received a different model , much bigger ! it does not fit in my phone	negative	artillery
price	poor ai , ugly pointless language , bad hitboxes and a lame story . i didn't like this game .	negative	communication
price	to short skirt and sleeves to tight	negative	cloth_covering
price	don't waste your time . confusing . our book group didn't care for it . the back and forth was not worth the effort .	negative	activity
price	the download wouldn't work . i was disappointed with the purchase , i wouldn't recommend it to anyone to buy the game .	negative	acquisition
price	this shoes keeps scraping at the back of my heel and they have very little arch support for my feet .	negative	bottom
price	battery is old and didn't hold much of a charge after four weeks of use compared to my original battery .	negative	attack
price	i agree with jessi walters it looks good but is not that good of a product	negative	commodity
price	one leg split on it's first use , i had to wrap it in duct tape to get my kayak home .	negative	abode
price	these candles were supposed to be none drip or at least slow burning . they almost started the candelabras on fire !	negative	flowing
price	its the bleeding through the whole cd . plain in simple . its the new genre garbage metal	negative	kind
price	i did not like this movie at all and l returned it to you , and so on and so on .	negative	show
price	i have purchased these socks many times and have always repurchased as needed . these sox do not fit as well .	negative	hosiery
price	i didn't get the one i wanted . it was not grey , and it was not what it's in the picture .	negative	representation
quality	excellent product . it's worth the money . i bought it for a present and my sister is very happy with it	positive	commodity
quality	she's dome it again . what a great collection of songs with one bette r than the next .	positive	grouping
quality	another great book by karen kingsbury ! i am going to hate it when the baxters are no longer around !	positive	publication
quality	the tutu came quickly in the mail . it will be perfect for my daughter's birthday party .	positive	anniversary
quality	my son referred me to this book and it is a keeper . amazing concept amd so true . elaine in texas !	positive	idea
quality	very good story kept me interested , i could hardly put it down !	positive	message
quality	i have always been a fan of belva plain . she is a great storyteller and this is a great book	positive	talker
quality	i got an a in the class and i learn a lot about how women are treated here in america	positive	female
quality	thanks for the promt service . my book was a defined in good shape .	positive	work
quality	good thriller lot of violence , backstaeping , sex who do you trust ? one of the best so far . a good finsh and a good twist .	positive	aggression
quality	this is how fuji should have made it from the beginning . love this kit . this is the kit to purchase .	positive	happening
quality	enjoyable easy reading , i will continue to follow alexa grace , books	positive	language
quality	good colors , but the cutting tool is not good , you will need a scissors . . . . . . .	positive	flag
quality	great books i really enjoyed these books they really lead you in to many different crimes it is very interesting	positive	transgression
quality	watch your back . i'll be waiting . come out and play . it's nice out . i'm going to kill you . impression of herobrine	positive	thought
quality	so far these shoes fit very well no squeaking . fits very well	positive	position
quality	useful for my iphone that run out of battery way too fast	positive	artillery
quality	nice size for the lockerts representing a special initial of a special person . would be ordering another initial soon ya !	positive	being
quality	they worked perfectly , i used them on a long planned vacation . i did not notice any difference from the original	positive	leisure
quality	the best shrinky dink paper out there . will continue to purchase this brand for crafts for my nd grade classroom .	positive	name
quality	this electric knife has enough torque to filet redfish cleanly . the assortment of blades makes it very versatile and effective .	positive	rockfish
quality	this product is excellent . it is easy to place over the mattress and is extremely comfortable .	positive	commodity
quality	super soft and plush , no lint , easy to use and they wash well ! would will buy again when needed .	positive	fibre
quality	a very nice and quiet fan . easy installation	positive	start
quality	does the job and smells pretty good too ! this brand is moderately priced and works just as well as others .	positive	name
quality	i bought this bt headset , it is working good so far and i am please with its performance .	positive	show
quality	was almost half the price i saw at christmas time . i know my daughter will enjoy it next christmas !	positive	value
quality	this was a great movie . the action was really good . tom cruise always makes great movies . story line was good .	positive	deed
quality	bought this as a gift for hubby he loves it ! very sturdy hardback book . great addition to his reading collection .	positive	spouse
quality	this case is super cute . i love it ! i get compliments on it every time that i use the case .	positive	instance
quality	strong paracord rated at lbs does exactly what is advertised . i used mine to wrap around a survival knife .	positive	avoirdupois_unit
quality	this novel kept my attention to the end . i will check out other of brett battles novels in the future .	positive	fiction
quality	works great , heats up fast , does not singe your hair . overall very pleased with purchase . like the adjustable heat settings	positive	acquisition
quality	amazed that love this game i love animals can i fool you . i really really love animals . so get it	positive	organism
quality	i've not encountered the de lamination issues other reviewers have mentioned . i love the drawstring laces very cool . comfy , too !	positive	critic
quality	greeeat book ! real page turner i'd highly recommend this book to any reader of any agebrilliant ! simply brilliant	positive	folio
quality	here are some name ideas daisypetalweedwhiskerfireblazebearclawleafleafoxygenfaceheliumtailand many , many more ! leader names darkstarleafstartrailstarmaggotstarand many more ! apprentices sparrowpawstarlingpawweedpawand many more ! swordstarp . s . please don't take my name !	positive	novice
quality	everything described is accurate . works like a champ . pumps fast and quietly . comes with hose adapter so none needed . recommended .	positive	footwear
quality	i liked this book because the friendship is a good thing to help me remember my great friendship with ava	positive	publication
quality	exactly what my husband was looking for . fit the gun perfectly . my husband has used this and absolutely loves it !	positive	spouse
quality	once again , steve hall has outdone himself with the beauty of the music on this cd ! just wonderful !	positive	corridor
quality	interesting book with a good non mathematical approach ! i recommend this book highly . easy read too . nothing proven of course .	positive	instruction
quality	nice product , just as the picture shows it . it is nice for a gift but not a high end plush	positive	commodity
quality	excellent for carrying the cell in pants pocket , ans the stand it's a plus , good material , good option . muy recomendado .	positive	substance
quality	good deal . wife loves it .	positive	spouse
quality	this is my favorite video that i have bought so far . great workout in just minutes .	positive	exertion
quality	this fits perfectly on my macbook pro , and i have no connecting problems at all . overall it's a great product !	positive	commodity
quality	it does not provide the extreme caffeine rush and crash like many of the pre workout drinks on the market do .	positive	exertion
quality	i recommend this book to anyone who is interested in keeping their brain healthy for many years to come !	positive	publication
quality	this poster is sweet . to bad the seller falsely advertised the size . it wasn't exactly x .	positive	merchant
quality	this book can teach visual basic for beginners , but it doesn't teach like it says object oriented programming .	negative	planning
quality	i would have like to been told that this requires the cd in order to play !	negative	metal
quality	i did not care for it . not my cup of tea . i prefer a more believable story with better characters .	negative	beverage
quality	warning , warning ! you are treading on glam territory !	negative	region
quality	it is possible because of the industrial vietnamese because i rated my size m but came by big toe	negative	asian
quality	its unclear as to what to do with it . there are no directions that i can find . thank you for	negative	itinerary
quality	this roller frame doesn't have a roller with it . very disappointed , nowhere does it state it is just a frame .	negative	hopper
quality	it is a shoe but ran to short for comfort for me . i would have love to keep them otherwise .	negative	footwear
quality	there wasn't much interatction with the program . my year old granddaughter ired of it quickly , basically it bored her .	negative	grandchild
quality	this adapter does not work with the hi camcorder video cassets that i want to play on my vhs player	negative	camera
quality	i purchased at the end of february and the lamp did not last months . don't waste your money . ridiculous	negative	period
quality	lots of helpful information . explained the difference between the various diets . help determining which diet best for you . but no recipes are given	negative	fare
quality	not needed , since i returned the kindle .	negative	flare_up
quality	way below expectations . go ahead and rent the movie but do not buy it ! waste of money !	negative	belief
quality	no me parece un libro muy claro en fin cada uno entiende lo que puede	negative	negative
quality	love the look . run small	negative	countenance
quality	not even one pound lost the weight might be depend your body , for my sister didn't work at all , wasted her money .	negative	medium_of_exchange
quality	it ran out off color after week . not worth the money even being how cheap it isdon't buy it .	negative	period
quality	when i confirmed my purchase i thought this was pure silver . very dissapointed to find out that it was clad .	negative	acquisition
quality	watched this once . didn't like it . gave it to charity . hope they found someone to like it more than i .	negative	foundation
quality	ordered a cake saver and received a veggie tray . not what i ordered . for the section veggie tray it was ok .	negative	receptacle
quality	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	cushion
quality	it falls apart so easily it is ok on its own but impossible to stack	negative	load
quality	this does not remove spider veins like it said .	negative	arachnid
quality	these cables are not the cables pictured . they are not samsung cables and do not fit in some samsung phones .	negative	wire
quality	none of the three i purchased functioned for over a week . real disappointment . guess you get what you pay for .	negative	period
quality	i need more info about the book and author before i'd buy it .	negative	message
quality	awful ! no phone reception ! phone became hot ! glitter flaked off first day ! charged x ! cheap looking ! don't waste your money !	negative	greeting
quality	i returned this planter . while it was very pretty it was way to heavy for my purpose . sorry i couldn't use it .	negative	goal
quality	a video game on paper . levels and all . read one , read 'em all . won't have to read it again .	negative	material
quality	easy to install and product was exactly as specified . however , it only worked for months and then it died .	negative	commodity
quality	it is slow and not nearly as good as the other running games out there . do not waste your time .	negative	instance
quality	not what i was expecting is very limited use i'm not sending back because i'm lazy to do it .	negative	evaluate
quality	image is down and the right too far off for display to correct without losing sync . no tech support .	negative	demonstration
quality	not the greatest product . it looks like stainless steel but it's just plastic . it leaks and the metal inside rusts .	negative	commodity
quality	did not work as advertised . we are in the process of returning it . very disappointed . and very boring to use .	negative	activity
quality	what does that little girl think humf actually i'm honestly tee hee i am so awesome oh yeah uhhuh .	negative	woman
quality	i have the exact tablet listed and it did not fit was way too big to use on this model	negative	hypothesis
quality	litter still got tracked everywhere ! do not recommend ! it is very stiff and resembles astro terf . not attractive or effective .	negative	animal_group
quality	worst app ever they took temple run and made it stupid by adding chezzy grafics and it is completely retarded .	negative	score
quality	it said it was a hardback book but i got a paperback book . i feel cheated , need i say more ?	negative	book
quality	the case was smaller than i expected did not feel as stable as i needed . i'm returning this item .	negative	component
quality	i'm sure this product would be great , if it ever arrived , its been over a month and i'm still waiting	negative	commodity
quality	it is no different than teflon . worst pan for the price ! i would have given it zero stars if possible	negative	value
quality	wanted no panty lines , but they are definitely there . would not buy these if that is a concern . really bummed .	negative	underpants
quality	this is not for ears . it is forehead only . also the cap does not stay on .	negative	headgear
quality	another retread of songs capitolizing on the abba name . nothing onthis one is memorable .	negative	car_tire
quality	slots on this are too large . cds fall out when you are driving . i would not buy again . weak sauce	negative	condiment
quality	did not enjoy , my son was confused trying to read it , maybe he's too young . thought it would be funnier .	negative	man-child
money	product arrived very quickly . love this product . it comes in handy all the time with work and at home . great product .	positive	abode
money	works as advertised and at a resonable price . item shipped quickly . like the idea of not needing batteries .	positive	value
money	love it ! works like it says and did not have any problems with it . that should be my words	positive	language
money	as it is pictured . very comfortable . will buy again from this seller . can be worn as fashion or wedding .	positive	ceremony
money	spongebob squarepants is my kids favorite show . they watch it . its fun for the whole family to watch together too . love it !	positive	juvenile
money	saves time searching for answers and cuts out all the fluff . a must have for paper writing .	positive	material
money	these are very sexy boots ! a little higher heel than i've worn before but they fit great and look great !	positive	footwear
money	i love jackie's music very much , and in this albom the tunes are great . jack de jonette plays drums here fantastic .	positive	music
money	would see more of it , no hero worship here . but the im partial to british programs grittier and sometimes funny .	positive	thought
money	good protection , perfect fit . i recommend this protector as top quality among other similar products . anger is a responsive company .	positive	commodity
money	i found the secret to be very informative and thought provoking .	positive	information
money	love this product happy with my decision . sound heres perfect coldnt been happier with this cable in this product .	positive	choice
money	love them and will watch all of these series . great acting and rich story line and very interesting and catchy !	positive	activity
money	allen edmonds never need breaking in . plus they are american made . a rareity in today' world . i highly recommend them .	positive	natural_object
money	dvds arrived in perfect condition . this is a fun workout and really does make you sweat	positive	state
money	i have a lot of running shoes and these adidas microbounce are awesome kicksgreat looking , great fitting and great price	positive	value
money	this item was awesome the cake turned out beautiful . anyone having a disco themed event i would recommend this product .	positive	commodity
money	sturdy ! heavy metal frame with all the mounting parts well made and a great price for my tv	positive	value
money	the book was spell bounding . the characters took on images of individuals one could relate to .	positive	representation
money	a must read ! the mayfair witches are a fascinating family and it's wonderful to read about where lasher came from .	positive	occultist
money	roseanne is fun to watch and what better episodes than the halloween specials ! hours of laughs !	positive	day
money	as always dog dvds are intense and action packed . son loved it ! watches it often . will reorder other dog dvds	positive	canine
money	all i have to say is when i started reading it i didn't put it down until it was finished	positive	end
money	this is a great watch and delivery was very quick .	positive	timepiece
money	very good book kept me interested	positive	publication
money	the color of the lapis is a rich , deep blue . the silver scroll work is gorgeous . definitely a keeper .	positive	guardian
money	this game is so relaxing . i like the different boards to choose from and i even like the background music .	positive	heritage
money	this is awesome . probahly the best . it reminded me of battlefield heroes . the hest thing you can do is download it .	positive	leader
money	fuel gel worked very well , lasted longer than i expected . good value as well .	positive	substance
money	i am a teacher , and am reading all the junie b books to my class . we all enjoy them immensely .	positive	educator
money	my six year old daughter just loves the illustrations ! i also enjoy the book myself . this is a keepsake classic !	positive	artwork
money	i put that s on everything ! there's nothing better and of course it's heinz two of the best coming together !	positive	instruction
money	loved them , light , modern design , looks like real glassware , safe , perfect for outdoors , pool , or just for the everyday use	positive	outside
money	this little book is packed with full information that i found very helpful and was glad that i got it .	positive	content
money	a fabulously entertaining and interesting read , couldn't put it downi think it's a best sellerhope it's not her last book	positive	publication
money	absolutely amazing ! i cannot recommend it enough . demetri martin is one of the funniest comedians around , if not the funniest .	positive	performer
money	this is a hardcore , gritty real look at sci fi . the ultimate anti hero smashing a bloody path across space .	positive	countenance
money	i like this book it touches me it's emotional but kinda a thrill and i liked it very muchreally	positive	contact
money	eventhough took a little long but it was well worth it due to the quality of the unit and price .	positive	value
money	i keep it close to me just in case i need it for defending myself . my fiance bought it for me .	positive	betrothed
money	this eyelash curler has a great spring action which allows for easy grip release of your eyelash without sticking .	positive	season
money	very good quality . worth taking a look at if you enjoy forensic type shows .	positive	kind
money	works exactly as promised . no issues . easy to set up and use . prompt delivery . would definitely recommend to a friend .	positive	transport
money	i installed this on a bit vista laptop . it worked very well . i did not have any issues at all .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
money	i absolutely loved this series . left me wanting to keep reading about alex and olivia long after the book was over !	positive	publication
money	this author always writes some crazy s . i like it though . it's one of those books you can't put down .	positive	publication
money	shirt is even cooler in person . super thick and rugged shirt just like the german team .	positive	garment
money	nice drills , good starting points , some what repetitious in longer shorter variations but good challenges . work for indoor bike well	positive	modification
money	very nice , lightweight backpack with many pockets that can be used for goggles , helmet , hydro pack and many other things .	positive	bag
money	product is as described and well priced . item used in my aimpoint optic . item has great shelf life , fresh manufacture .	positive	commodity
money	but the liberal bias is ridiculous . why would you allow liberal bias to ruin a good opportunity to teach people ?	negative	group
money	this deodorant has an odor of its own ! none of this spicy , gender neutral crap it flat out stinks .	negative	toiletry
money	very un com for ta ble to w e a r it's really b a d to deal with . ya	negative	broach
money	this was flimsy and cheap . don't buy it .	negative	acquire
money	used as instructed but it did not work very well . ended up purchasing new grills . would not buy again .	negative	eatery
money	blackness of print is not there . i hope it prints more pages but mi doubt it . something wrong with the cartridge . not happy .	negative	ammo
money	seems like a funny game , but i don't know because i can't get control . the tilt sensor is too sensitive .	negative	power
money	i bought of them . and the second one i bought does not work now . very disappointed with the product .	negative	commodity
money	got as a x mas gift for my catthe switch works when it wants to , very cheapavoid this cheap product	negative	commodity
money	this album is terrible . the music stinks , and i only bought it for the aaliyah song on it . goodness . thank you	negative	piece
money	not the best reception worked the first day and after i drove the truck a couple times it stopped working	negative	pair
money	just another fad ! diet , unhealthy , at best !	negative	fashion
money	maybe a bad children's book ? i am sorry i bought this book . i wish i knew how to delete it .	negative	publication
money	not happy that it says that it fits ipad but it doesn't fit at all only fits ipad	negative	bad_temper
money	this sucked especially laceing it your self to small and hurt her cuiter lol just didnt like it at all	negative	consciousness
money	made in china just not the quality i expected flimsy and the buckle is made for a larger breed dog	negative	canine
money	i was told this would work with blackmagic cinema pocket camera and it does not . skipped frames and very slow .	negative	pouch
money	hurts your armpits really bad .	negative	cavity
money	just not really a good idea . i feel like it glorifies drinking . im just not into that . interesting idea though .	negative	consumption
money	it was not what i was looking for personally . i was looking more for something in regards to the glycemic load .	negative	weight
money	the stories themselves were ok . though very burdened with words . too many and too complex for such a simple story .	negative	language
money	this item quit working after less than a year and i hardly ever used it ! do not buy this !	negative	component
money	had uninstall after it refused every attempt to create password ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?	negative	secret
money	dont buy it . the basketball is shaped like an egg . it does not serve the purpose it was supposed to	negative	goal
money	extra small was too larger . never thought i would say that . i wished it would have fit me .	negative	desire
money	i received the item embroidered in the wrong color and the quality of the embroidery was not very good either .	negative	component
money	the game will only play levels and then it will crash , any levels there is no way around .	negative	property
money	overpriced junk ! buy at your own risk ! buy your mounts in game if you really want one ! not this way !	negative	danger
money	it doesn't work . at first it charges when i plug it in then it stops and says it's not compatible	negative	activity
money	strange plot . didn't really have a point and the characters were in a word bizarre . not my cup of tea .	negative	beverage
money	just received pants . not item pictured . they are light blue with white strips down the sides . no pockets at all .	negative	pouch
money	don't buy it . any other site can give the same info . for free . it's repetitive .	negative	message
money	if the cubes are placed in a warm room temp liquidsuch as scotch or red wine they immediatly get warm too !	negative	alcohol
money	they don't really grip the pavement too good .	negative	grasping
money	i was sent the wrong item . i asked for white v necks not crew necks . completely oblivious to what was ordered .	negative	component
money	purchased the led light lamp it lasted days before it broke . the spiral rod broke . very very disappointed !	negative	life
money	hi , this case does not hold it shape , therefore it fails to stay on the phone . however , the color is nice .	negative	spatiality
money	poor quality , wasn't was i was expected . i got exactly what i paid for . i would not recommend this boot .	negative	footwear
money	poorly made does not get hot enough to dry your hair	negative	body_covering
money	could not get it to print to my canon printer very limited printer choices	negative	deciding
money	not what i needed at all . very little useful information , could not tell from preview . not searchable , no road maps .	negative	way
money	this was a funny cool book . i think kids all over the world should read it . the best book ever	negative	juvenile
money	the description made this seem too good to be true , but it never fit properly in my old computer , sadly .	negative	machine
money	dont order , it does do anything helpfulthat was listed on its description . don't order it find something else . thanks	negative	statement
money	after using this product a total of perhaps a dozen times , it will not longer recharge .	negative	whole
money	it was dirty like someone drew on it want some of the paint was gone like they picked it off .	negative	color
money	when i got the phone cover it did not fit my phone so i was disappointed with the phone purchase .	negative	acquisition
money	i thought i was buying itune gift cards and was really disappointed to find out that they weren't .	negative	acquisition
money	love colors , but don't stay connected . wish it would have worked . ordering another . we will see . trial and error . hard shell better .	negative	flag
game	make sure it's the right one for your camera and it'll work great for you just like the real thing .	positive	photographic_equipment
game	it is a large beautiful brooch . i purchased it as an accent on my wedding dress . it should be perfect .	positive	ceremony
game	good story line but ending was expected and just as good when it came about , loved the snow theme interesting	positive	precipitation
game	this is good clean fun for young people . our daughter loves it . this is your typical boy band but cleaner .	positive	male
game	this product arrived quickly and works very well . the price is competitive . the color makes it easy to be located .	positive	commodity
game	very easy to read a really entertaining novel that contains romance cleverly mixed with teen angst .	positive	juvenile
game	great song ! i can't believe it took me this long to find it !	positive	piece
game	does exactly what it says on the tin measures both ph of the coolant and the anti freeze protection .	positive	fluid
game	cute lil . leprechaun my baby is yrs old and carries him around ! to eat to watch tv , stores	positive	child
game	this ebook is very informative with clear photos of finished projects and clear instructions for making the gloves at home .	positive	abode
game	got this in subscribe and save for my mom , she loves it ! she can't find it any of the stores .	positive	mother
game	exactly what i wanted . its quiet . practically heats the whole first floor of my cape cod . and it looks great .	positive	level
game	arrived on time , toms were in perfect condition . i love these shoes and i will order again from this vendor .	positive	state
game	this lights up my hallway , everyone comments about it . a great buy , i would recommend this product . it looks expensive .	positive	purchase
game	the lodge pre seasoned skillet is fantastic ! it cooks everything evenly and cleans up well with minimal scrubbing . above par product .	positive	cleaning
game	works great thank you i suggest buying it did the job and hold up great no more power issues here	positive	activity
game	too warm to use right now , but looks very cute and warm . i am sure our pups will love it !	positive	young_mammal
game	sad ! life was so hard just a short while ago . people have forgotten very memorable characters sad sad sad sad sad	positive	existence
game	did they just steal this from hbo's crashbox show and switch it up a bit ? just asking , don't be offended .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
game	the leather case card holder flip case cover is great ! i love the color and it's easy to clean	positive	paper
game	stark but moving . a train wreck of a story but a beautiful journey . captivates all the through to the end .	positive	traveling
game	its hard for me to find size . i am very happy that i found it here . also very good selection .	positive	magnitude
game	this product worked out well . it fit the instrument and was very convenient to purchase . it is a good fit .	positive	commodity
game	this sucker is strong . it did what it should and a good price point what more could you ask for .	positive	value
game	i downloaded for my year old amp now he luvs it whoever made it is a child geneouse thanks . xoxoxo	positive	juvenile
game	the sharpener is one of the best i have used . i love how smooth is sharpens my eye pencils .	positive	implement
game	my little mermaid wouldn't be complete without these cute shoes ! they run a little wide , but my daughter doesn't mind !	positive	position
game	im looking just the frame of my canopy the size is x pls let me know how much . eugene pascual	positive	covering
game	perfect for small pruning and flower arranging tasks . do not put them , they are so great . they walk away .	positive	cutting
game	worth watching every minute ! my girlfriend and i chose this over the hobbit and thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it .	positive	woman
game	i loved her song on the kennedy awards and just had to have her cds . her quivering voice is exceptional .	positive	sound
game	had to use googleearth to keep up with all his travels . enjoyed this approach and actually learned a few things .	positive	movement
game	thanks for the monitor . it works really well and is easy to use . instructions for use is very clear too .	positive	manual
game	i highly recommend this hemp cereal and cereal bars . they are both fantastic . the pumpkin flax cereal is amazing too .	positive	squash
game	this is a great product to protect the phone but the belt click needs work , it broke after two days	positive	commodity
game	i bought this shirt as a just because for myself and it fit perfectly . it's my new favorite shirt	positive	garment
game	this product is excellent . it is easy to place over the mattress and is extremely comfortable .	positive	commodity
game	i think that the product is very good for being in a can . we are used to a jar . but . thank you .	positive	commodity
game	congratulations to the great cast for their grammy nom for the across the universe soundtrack ! very well done .	positive	audio
game	very nice item and it works great !	positive	component
game	inspiring ! a must read book for everyonewho ever had some tough timeshe is so brave ! bring along the tissue box !	positive	container
game	this acer netbook is extremely portable , has a decent battery life and does everything my laptop does .	positive	existence
game	works great . i am glad i was able to find some ink for my printer and save money too . thank you	positive	liquid
game	great ! no problems here .	positive	negative
game	i had bought a kc shirt before . as always , if the price is gd , they are great buy . very comfortable .	positive	purchase
game	fits nicely in your hand , is light as a feather glides smoothly across all tablets . the pen writes easily .	positive	extremity
game	hard to find batteries for my high intensity flashlight . these last longer than most . alternatively get rechargeable ones to use .	positive	magnitude
game	good little story that actually has a happy ending for all involved . something even a child could read and enjoy	positive	juvenile
game	this is an absolutely wonderful tool for teaching ages yrs the songs we all know and love as christians .	positive	education
game	i like it very much !	positive	kind
game	it's about trains in the uk and not relevant to trains here in the usa . therefore i don't recommend it .	negative	public_transport
game	the keyboard we received didn't look like the one in the product photo . we were very disappointed with the product .	negative	commodity
game	this app crashes one opening screen on my droid x . i do hope there is a fix for it soon ,	negative	surface
game	i never received this product . please find out why and let me know the status . thank you .	negative	commodity
game	i deleted this after several chapters . i was bored and not entertianed by the story . i did not get it .	negative	section
game	unless you are smaller than a size , this is not going to fit you . way , way , way too small !	negative	magnitude
game	too basic and too repetitive . i would have enjoyed more insights and more sources . the combined title cover the same info .	negative	heading
game	if you are cool with someone putting you down then go right ahead and read it .	negative	see
game	it is very big to load it and it is not practices of managing . i am not reommended . lost money	negative	succeed
game	no subtitles , audio is just ch dloby digital . kultur should have been done much better ! no complain about stage and musical	negative	movie
game	doesn't fit the screen . hard to use a screen protector when it doesn't fit . will not buy these kind again .	negative	surface
game	don't like the way it mounts and don't feel confadent it will hold my phone under hard braking and corrnering .	negative	electronic_equipment
game	what self serving drivel . please . i would give a negative star rating if i could . what a waste of time .	negative	assessment
game	it broke right when i took it out of the package ! it isn't fixable . don't waste your time or money .	negative	assemblage
game	it's not good for me . i felt it's little flat and not comfortable . so i don't use these pillows now .	negative	cushion
game	whey were not the same as the picture , nor curved , just straight and did not fit at all	negative	representation
game	disgusting ! the yo mom's jokes were okay . you could have done better . i am ashamed . please try work hard .	negative	humour
game	bought this inexpensive camera to connect to my mac mini . the picture quality is okay . the microphone does not work .	negative	attribute
game	don't buy these ! you'll never receive them . if it seems too good to be true , it probably is . buyer beware !	negative	customer
game	this product charges batteries for over a day . i believe it sucks but ok for back up i guess . a	negative	commodity
game	app was deleted , too confusing to learn and not that easy . didn't quite understand the workings of it as well .	negative	mechanism
game	too sweet for me . i went with the reviews online . but realized it is not my kind of smellplease don't buy	negative	assessment
game	i follow the instructions on how to install it and not even months later it starts to peel off	negative	manual
game	the stitching is horrible . it started to fall apart after a month of use . i do not recommend this product .	negative	commodity
game	this boot runs very smalli wear size , this was more like a . it was a nice looking boot too .	negative	footwear
game	cat couldn't be bothered . waste of money . i wish i could have returned it . but i through the box away .	negative	feline
game	very disappointed in this purchase . there was no information to tell you that you were ordering plays and not movies .	negative	acquisition
game	these are not skullcandy . they're made from a different rubber that doesn't fit and stay like the real headphone rubbers	negative	latex
game	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	cushion
game	cord plug pulled apart after only a couple uses	negative	pair
game	the writing was very stilted , and there were too many characters having too many affairs . the plot was fairly interesting .	negative	concern
game	the taste was so bad i could not drink it . i see why people loose weight because i was sick .	negative	group
game	no longer holds a charge . absolutely worthless . looks like a keyboard , though . don't buy it . it is a piece of junk .	negative	portion
game	does not support charging my ipod touch rd generation , per my ipod touch . waste of my money .	negative	contact
game	it did not work . returned . return postage . to china .	negative	charge
game	this was cheaply made and too big to fit inside the travelon essential bag's inside pocket . returned .	negative	pouch
game	it was a very annoying and boring book not worth my money or time ! wouldn't recommend it to any one	negative	instance
game	it broke while changing the heads tried to repair it the parts reatached but the changable is stuck on it	negative	external_body_part
game	its awfully its not worth it sugestion they should pay us to buy it your light will will last longer	negative	actinic_ray
game	my dog can't use this harness becouse it is too small . i need a big size for him . thank you	negative	canine
game	according to the description it should have fit my phone but did not i will have no use for it	negative	statement
game	it sucked , it feels like a heating pad . no results . you might as we go to a real sauna then .	negative	paper
game	i did not understand how to start . i will try again today today .	negative	nowadays
game	let's just say that i slept throught the whole film . dont waste your money on the village its horrible .	negative	community
game	the new update did not work . i installed today , no new levels . please fix and i will rate stars .	negative	difficulty
game	bad things exist in life , let's all cry . wahh . feel better ? what you liked it ? oh well read this book .	negative	existence
game	pants and threadbare and cheap . all of them split at seams	negative	joint
game	not even a hologramthe charge is about of an original battery . it's not worthly	negative	attack
game	the touch id plastic part came unglued allowed water in my phone and i now have water under my screen .	negative	contact
game	can't any of you who buy into this see what it's really about ? this is sick .	negative	acquire
story	i was impressed of the well this garments fits very happy with the purchase definately recommended for the price .	positive	clothing
story	a great cd to listen to . i wouldn't recommend listening to it on the go however	positive	metal
story	it's a darker red than i thought but i still like it .	positive	spectral_color
story	looking at it you could almost swear it is stalking you sizing you upfor it's next meal .	positive	sustenance
story	like the longer length and fabric tip . tried many others , but none work as efficiently as this stylus . good job !	positive	activity
story	would give it stars , but it's a bit confusing on weather the battery is charged . great price . looks great	positive	value
story	i love this robot shirt for my daughter ! it is very cute and the cotton was very comfy and soft .	positive	garment
story	i got my book in a very short amount of time and it was in excellent condition .	positive	state
story	the product was good and worked fine , i would recommend it to anyone . try it i loved it , thanks alot	positive	commodity
story	the item was shipped promptly and in condition described . i prefer the kratt pipe .	positive	tubing
story	good graphics , controls are responsive . starts out easy but gets challenging . you dont have to make in app purchases . fun	positive	acquisition
story	i was leary because of the price but they were worth every penny . i will be buying again and again	positive	value
story	this is a great show ! it looks like we will be watching the whole series . i truly do recommend it	positive	order
story	one of the best product hands down on the market for my long colored dry hair , especially considering the price .	positive	commodity
story	perfect cost x benefit with a lot of features and amazing picture quality . really recommend if you like good pictures .	positive	outlay
story	just what i needed . this definitely exceeded my expectations and i would highly recommend it . great value for the price .	positive	value
story	a must read for everyone who wants long lasting success in the industry ! simple easy to understand and follow . awesome !	positive	commercial_enterprise
story	it's funny how a modern mindset causes one to automatically see sexuality where it ultimately is not .	positive	attitude
story	this is the kind of experience that makes a person never settle for mediocrocty ! we loved every minute of it !	positive	being
story	what a thing to imagine , great read ! kept me up almost all night to finish it . something to think about .	positive	publication
story	it arrived in a timely fashion . it was the product i expected . i received filters as ordered . thank ou	positive	commodity
story	this song is for my children . it's the love song for a child every mother wishes she would have written .	positive	parent
story	. , are they out of their minds ? love that mustard but not at those prices . talk about price gouging !	positive	value
story	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	poultry
story	the spacers fit very well . the directions were very well layed out step bye step . my truck looks much better .	positive	itinerary
story	i thoroughly enjoyed the first book in the frontiers saga . kept me glued to the pages from beginning to end .	positive	folio
story	love anything michael buble does . if you enjoy listening to him , you'll love this collection of songs . three more words .	positive	language
story	if you like stepanie plum you will love this book she is even more crazzy and outrageous than grandma mazur	positive	publication
story	exactly what i expected and needed . easiest thing i have ever used even a moron could use it . skatelife . weouthere .	positive	simpleton
story	was looking for something quick and effective , this seems to be working , only on it a few weeks .	positive	period
story	love terri allard this cd includes most of my favorite songs . order arrived quickly and in good shape . thanks	positive	metal
story	works wonderfully and looks exactly like the picture . i like that it is wind up instead of battery . love it .	positive	weather
story	i love my iphone wallet . it is great when you do not want to carry a full handbag . great price !	positive	value
story	baby's suction cup with insulation in winter are not afraid of the water cooler like to recommend it to everyone	positive	isolation
story	typical heath . the best in musicianship and arranging . i expected nothing less .	positive	prowess
story	great addition for my samsung inch lcd hdtv . makes connecting to my cable provider a snap .	positive	wire
story	please fix the spelling errorsgood read a little un believable but the good guys win so i am happy	positive	man
story	its wireless its easy to use , and its half the size of many big boxes that do the same thing	positive	container
story	great live recording at billy bobs ! recommend stoney larue to anyone who likes laid back texas country music ! rock on !	positive	sign
story	awesome book man aaaaaaaaaaaaa a a a a a a a a as a a . a . a . a a a .	positive	publication
story	i highly recommend the sermon in a sentence series . short , pithy prose in an easy to carry pocket size for quick reference .	positive	pouch
story	leaves you wonder where it is going , the writing style is unique , the characters intriging . it is a possible reread	positive	property
story	it does not provide the extreme caffeine rush and crash like many of the pre workout drinks on the market do .	positive	exertion
story	i have nothing to complain about , perfect , good for the money jewel case ! easy way to organize them	positive	medium_of_exchange
story	for the money i pay its worth it . function as in the piks . other expencive cases dosent do as this one .	positive	medium_of_exchange
story	top sip ip conference phone , works great but you need power supply if you don't have power of ethernet switches .	positive	lan
story	i like to keep a book app on my phone to have my own reader material . this fits the bill .	positive	substance
story	this worked well as a replacement for my htc phone . but their batteries always seem to lose power too quickly .	positive	substitution
story	i'm glad with my new case . is a cute cellphone case . good election i wanna buy the blue one . thanks	positive	vote
story	i loved this book it kept my interest so much so that i bought the next three books ! highly recommended !	positive	publication
story	expected more . it didn't have much substance . it was just so so and cursory . i was expecting much more depth .	negative	matter
story	nothing any woman hasn't read in any magazine ever ! a little simplified not much to this book at all	negative	female
story	try reading liberty and tyranny instead , a better book by far . this is very poorly written , not worth your time .	negative	instance
story	very awkward to use , safety concern and sharpness is questionable . i plan to return this item very soon . thank you .	negative	component
story	didn't fit well at all ! very disappointed ! going to see if i can sell them on ebay or craig's list	negative	database
story	simply said , thought these would shed light . but instead , after hours they're dead . thus , my search for light continues	negative	activity
story	both cards were defective and had to be returned unusable . both cards were defective and had to be returned unusable .	negative	game
story	the material underneath is too slippery and won't stay on my leather sofa . the color and top material are good .	negative	substance
story	wrong product in correct package .	negative	commodity
story	theese shoes ripped where the sole meets fabric by the second month , wont be buying again .	negative	period
story	this is not a very good material it is not soft its course . just remember ya get what ya pay for .	negative	substance
story	product was described as boiled wool , latex sole , soft wool upper . item received was polyester . item will be returned .	negative	commodity
story	did not mount correctly on engine . the gear would not engage the flywheel . somehow needed to be mounted lower .	negative	motor
story	plot a bit far fetched . hero too vulnerable , survived only through sheer luck .	negative	small_indefinite_quantity
story	it really was not what i expected it to be . i would not recomend this book to not one at al	negative	publication
story	it says french subtitles . even on blu ray , but , firefly has not french subtitles .	negative	light
story	directly destroy my car fuse and itself when i connect it with my vacuum . seems this product has no protection .	negative	commodity
story	my wife is using this product more than one month but nothing happend so far . i think , i wasted my money .	negative	spouse
story	can't do this after christmas its a giftwill do this after he gets the gift ! thank you all very much	negative	acquisition
story	i read the reviews with regrets initially anticipating a good introduction to sap consulting . any recommendations ?	negative	assessment
story	it took over a month to get it , then i had to put it outside because of the smoke smell	negative	period
story	are blue , are purple as can be . if you are looking for cobalt blue , these are mostly purple .	negative	metal
story	i was very disappointed with this book . the print is so fine you need a magnifying glass to read it .	negative	solid
story	they would have probably been ok if i had ordered the correct length	negative	dimension
story	it works ok . i have to leave my nails longer than usual in order for them to be completely dry .	negative	unguis
story	i chose the wrong case . i have a e ink reader .	negative	liquid
story	great concept , but doesn't work very well . the stars don't glow bright enough to be seen clearly .	negative	idea
story	doesn't lay correctly as a necklace can see why it was on sale . expect more from kate spade products .	negative	selling
story	if looked as a parady of some other books it was some whatamusing . but very heavy handed .	negative	publication
story	first time i tried using it the combination messed up , would not recommend buying . i would buy a resettable combination	negative	aggregation
story	cheap quality don't buy this a waste of money .	negative	attribute
story	the only reason i gave this app one star is because i can't give it zero stars . waste of money .	negative	medium_of_exchange
story	i was able to wear them once . after washing , they shrunk shrank ? shrinked ? so much i threw them away .	negative	diminish
story	this isn't going to sooth anything . the boo boo buddies are much better . this 'thaws' really fast . won't be buying more .	negative	friend
story	i found it very basic and simple . it has the information that you need without going further on each theme	negative	message
story	just pay a little more for the name brands . they don't look like the picture . the stitching's pretty bad , too .	negative	name
story	twice i attempted to order this set . and both times i only received the bracelet . disappointed to say the least	negative	band
story	this shirt is horrible quality . one sleeve is noticeably smaller than the other , to the point that it is unwearable .	negative	garment
story	btr season is not available for us to watch so i cannot rate it ! we like btr a lot !	negative	time_period
story	tried kneading it to get it out of the packet , but it hardly budges . not returnable so buyer beware !	negative	customer
story	i don't like how you need i internet to look at the bible i mean that is very very pointless	negative	computer_network
story	this movie went overboard on both the quantity and type of violence , we had turned it off after minutes .	negative	kind
story	low quality cheap wood . i would not recommend spend a little more and get a better quality hutch thank you	negative	cage
story	i am just not into the realms of science fiction . the plot was awful and lacked credibility , in my view	negative	quality
story	beautiful but doesn't do its job	negative	activity
story	i did not recieve the item can someone explain what is going on ?	negative	component
story	i felt zero heat from this pad , it's a waste of time and money . i would not reccommend this item .	negative	component
story	very un com for ta ble to w e a r it's really b a d to deal with . ya	negative	broach
story	but the liberal bias is ridiculous . why would you allow liberal bias to ruin a good opportunity to teach people ?	negative	group
story	it looked like it might be a good app , but couldn't get it to work on my cruz t tablet	negative	slab
movie	dont string in full bed .	positive	cord
movie	well manufactured switch that is easy setup and a quality product for small to mid size business use . price is right .	positive	commodity
movie	eventhough took a little long but it was well worth it due to the quality of the unit and price .	positive	value
movie	amazing account by an amazing woman . hard to imaging living like that for years ! i highly recommend this book .	positive	female
movie	just perfect as shown ! i looked at several before choosing this one and i'm very satisfied ! great product , great price !	positive	commodity
movie	product working great . thank you !	positive	commodity
movie	very nice ! i wish they were cotton it's not super soft but overall a very nice set of hankies .	positive	assemblage
movie	this was a perfect match . thanks so much . for being an older light fixture it is perfectmatchglad i found you	positive	lighter
movie	my granddaughters love the princesess and this was a great book for their easter basket ! i would recommend this book !	positive	grandchild
movie	my husband loves it since he cooks all the bacon . he says it cooks flat and crispy	positive	spouse
movie	part fits perfectly . no problem with installation . part is just right . it took about minutes to install in the wall .	positive	divider
movie	i wish i could order more of the same , for my family . good item for the price . very happy with it .	positive	value
movie	this book was great . kept my interest all the way through the whole book . i recommend this book to all readers .	positive	publication
movie	they fit my bose headphones , they don't come off , they fit comfortably . they do what they are supposed to do .	positive	electro-acoustic_transducer
movie	i got this as a gift , my brother loves it ! he wanted a chair for camping and this was perfect !	positive	seat
movie	extremelly recomend . does worth it ! nice strap . the case becomes a vertical pedestal , easy to fold down . nice price . buy it !	positive	value
movie	nephew loves these dinosaurs . they remind me of when i was a kid . thank you for the figures . recommend this	positive	kinsman
movie	this was book in a book series by this author , i enjoyed all of them very , very much .	positive	publication
movie	it kept my interest and was a quick read . i really did not guess the villain until almost the end .	positive	publication
movie	your product is good , i really like it . the price is affordable . i hope u can continue your good service .	positive	commodity
movie	great for side or back sleeping . very very comfortable . better than any pillow . wish i had discovered this years ago	positive	cushion
movie	this is the best show ever ! must watch for everyone ! love cast and love the storyline ! can't wait for more !	positive	plot
movie	these things are strong . actually kind of hard to close the hood now . great price .	positive	value
movie	this jacket its a classic work jacket , makes for a good shop jacket . unlined though , so no insulation . very thin .	positive	isolation
movie	this is the one of the best books i have ever read . you should totally get it . best book ever !	positive	publication
movie	works as well as i had hoped . fits perfectly and looks factory made , can't ask for anything else . thanks alot .	positive	plant
movie	the leather case card holder flip case cover is great ! i love the color and it's easy to clean	positive	paper
movie	i like the watch , nice looking , dressy , elegant . reliable .	positive	timepiece
movie	this os the best book i have ever read next to tommyland very different but bolth very good books	positive	publication
movie	just what i needed . this definitely exceeded my expectations and i would highly recommend it . great value for the price .	positive	value
movie	i replaced my western digital product with this . very compact and easy to use .	positive	commodity
movie	i really liked the camera . its menu options are easy to use . piture quality is gr .	positive	attribute
movie	i think these are very calming when you have stress in your life . so smooth to hold on your hand .	positive	existence
movie	can't ever find real people to play , but now who needs real people lots of fun yada yada yada	positive	group
movie	love it i made pillows and pillow cases	positive	cushion
movie	it is very silent . i don't hear the fans . it keeps the laptop cool even after several hours of use .	positive	work_time
movie	i put that s on everything ! there's nothing better and of course it's heinz two of the best coming together !	positive	instruction
movie	good way to protect your investment from any scratch on the viewer , i recommended it , is cheap and useful .	positive	observer
movie	outstandingly written , brilliant pun intended concept . will continue to read and f ok bush the sega once the are out	positive	idea
movie	i got my bed set days early which is alway a plus ! plus it is beautiful and great quality !	positive	life
movie	i just cooked the lemon chicken . it was easy and everyone loved it ! this cook book purchase was a great idea !	positive	poultry
movie	came just as i expected used the tweezer method and it stuck on just fine hopefully it stays that way	positive	know-how
movie	this worked well as a replacement for my htc phone . but their batteries always seem to lose power too quickly .	positive	substitution
movie	great boredom buster . i'm . a sahm with little nurslings so when i'm pinned down it is good tohave something to . do .	positive	baby
movie	the press is very durable . it has a nice heft to it and likely to last many many years .	positive	heaviness
movie	i wish i had purchased the . tablet . screen size smaller than i thought . just a little small for my eyes .	positive	view
movie	excellent product . it's worth the money . i bought it for a present and my sister is very happy with it	positive	commodity
movie	my kids loooove this book . they have listened cd included to it so many times they have it memorized .	positive	juvenile
movie	really soft , nice large size . this will be in the family for a very long time . very nice print ! great product !	positive	commodity
movie	good story line but ending was expected and just as good when it came about , loved the snow theme interesting	positive	precipitation
movie	bought this because i like the singer . unfortunately , it's just too standard country for me . nothing stood out .	negative	musician
movie	i love nertz card came and the nerts on here is a very good one too , fun fast exciting game	negative	paper
movie	if you are looking for the original version with the voice synthesizer , this is not it ! i was very disappointed .	negative	sound
movie	the dialogue is impossible to understand , the music is horrible , and the plot is nonsense .	negative	talking
movie	not worth the money spent . bought of these and if you drop them they shatter like glass . very fragile .	negative	solid
movie	pretty crappy . not sparkly and you can see the glue . i would prefer to not have a case at all .	negative	cement
movie	doesn't work , is cheap and didn't sharpen at all . very disappointing and not worth even dealing with in our opinion .	negative	belief
movie	thought it was salt for my salt mill , but was already ground . gave it away . needs better description for customers .	negative	consumer
movie	my vodka turned orange brown even though i cleaned the flask before putting anything inside .	negative	liquor
movie	i love the design and color , but it has a chemical or moldy odor that keeps me from using it .	negative	material
movie	seems its not made for salt water . the magnet slider for the record button will rust and will get stuck	negative	liquid
movie	i can't give less than .	negative	element
movie	to heaven and backthe book was too evangelical . i was looking for objectivity , not a sermon on the mount .	negative	speech
movie	the case was all wrong for the galaxy ii . the openings were on the wrong side and did not fit	negative	space
movie	to plug in the uk . first time thought it was the wall socket , then realized its a product design problem .	negative	commodity
movie	camera was too slow wouldn't let me take continuous frames . also took too long to focus on the subject .	negative	framework
movie	the products are well received other products amazon hate	negative	commodity
movie	i got zero results . maybe it's because i am a guy , but this was worthless . i mean no results whatsoever .	negative	man
movie	this product was not what i expected and didn't meet my needs very disappointed i wouldn't recommend for anyone	negative	commodity
movie	i put this down after slugging through about a third of the book . just wasn't what i was looking for .	negative	publication
movie	i forced myself to continue with this book , expecting it to improve , but it did not , its just utter crap	negative	publication
movie	i found it very basic and simple . it has the information that you need without going further on each theme	negative	message
movie	narvel is correct . i should not have wasted both the money and time in purchasing and reading this lousy book .	negative	instance
movie	they're ok . kinda generic . not too bad i guess , just nothin new . i liked them better as the nintendo game .	negative	opinion
movie	was not worth the cost of the book . it appears like someone simply copied and pasted the works of others .	negative	outlay
movie	even though it said for to years old it was more geared toward and years old .	negative	utter
movie	specified in the website when it is a child and junior or this is a childbut this very nice	negative	juvenile
movie	the nicest thing i can say about these is that they get the job done and they are light weight .	negative	activity
movie	it did not have the proper parts to assemble the launcher .	negative	armament
movie	short and silly . might be good to download if you're looking for a minute mind less quickie to read .	negative	cognition
movie	this book has very little to do with what the outline said . waste of money and time to read it .	negative	boundary
movie	the grammar was great . the story line was generic at best . kind of glad that this was a free book .	negative	publication
movie	it really was not what i expected it to be . i would not recomend this book to not one at al	negative	publication
movie	too small . not true to size . i would not buy this again or recommend it to any of my friends . nope	negative	somebody
movie	the ending is horrible . there should have been some forewarning that this is merely an installment . sorry i read it .	negative	payment
movie	junk ! didn't last a week . wood split , leg fell off . not good at all . what more should i say ? do not buy .	negative	limb
movie	i've had this game for some time . it doesn't work well on kindle fire hd and it's not much fun .	negative	instance
movie	crashes my optimus v when i try to install it , needless to say i can not comment on the gameplay .	negative	noise
movie	cups size was a way too big so i returned the bra . it's ok bra to lounge not to go out	negative	undergarment
movie	this kit came with many parts , some didn't even fit together correctly and some were rusted . i was very dissapointed !	negative	case
movie	too narrow for my feet . comfy otherwise but i can't wear them . loved the colors and the style of then	negative	flag
movie	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	magnitude
movie	thought it would have more repetition . or more memory games	negative	activity
movie	didn't like them ! the top ones look really big fall ! wish i was able to get my money back !	negative	digit
movie	marginal flashlight . interesting combination of tools . tossed it in my rv . not my go to light for everyday use .	negative	aggregation
movie	i got mine , all excited , and i can't use it because it smells like it has been marinated in gasoline .	negative	fuel
movie	terrible sterilizer . bottles smell burnt after every use . unit always look dirty inside and out no matter how well you clean .	negative	concern
movie	this book comes with a cd and also flash cards . for some reason they were not included with the book .	negative	game
movie	i would send it back but the postage is too high think i will give it to someone i hate .	negative	charge
phone	oh my godi can't beleive how good this worksno more shine skinlove love lovesolved my greatest oily skin problem stars !	positive	connective_tissue
phone	love it . still learning to use it , but works well .	positive	technology
phone	i purchased this cd dvd for my grandmother for christmas . she loved it !	positive	grandparent
phone	the book provides very practical , insightful , and easy to understand perspectives on forgotten and easily implementable practices for modern christians .	positive	publication
phone	good work from a consistent author . i always like her books . here are the nine more words required required required .	positive	language
phone	these pads are great . you can use your own coffee and you save lots of money on the pre packaged pods .	positive	beverage
phone	my grandson loved this book once he turned about months old . before that he had no interest .	positive	grandchild
phone	super rugged and tough . great for entry or outside of front door .	positive	part
phone	use this with my windows lenovo laptop as well as with my macbook air , no issues for my voip applications .	positive	os
phone	this book is wonderful . it gives explicit instruction on how to get children interested in reading independently . a great resource	positive	assets
phone	very very powerful and uses less water i think . i wish i've purchased this one long ago . makes your work breeze	positive	liquid
phone	these are comfortable and sound good . they feel durable and well made , not cheap like some others at this price .	positive	value
phone	did the job that i needed to do .	positive	activity
phone	so it staples like one expects . not much more to add . staff member happy so therefore , i am too	positive	personnel
phone	bought this item used and am very pleased with it . for thge purchase price here in alaska new is .	positive	acquisition
phone	love it my screen is well protected from dirt dust and dirty fingers . recommend it for all laptop owners !	positive	businessman
phone	best game ever that i played on my kindle fire . people who are reading these reviews , buy this game now !	positive	assessment
phone	bought this hard drive a few years ago on amazon . still working great today !	positive	woman
phone	excellent sink deep enough for tall pots . well made . well insulated , good sound deadeners . very happy with purchase from ardent .	positive	acquisition
phone	my nephew liked and is playing all the day with it , which is helping him to build his physical fitness .	positive	kinsman
phone	this is the best work of teen fiction i've ever read . period .	positive	fundamental_quantity
phone	i love word games . this helps you learn new , words and meanings to those words . thanks to the developers of their work .	positive	language
phone	i love this book ! i could not even put it down ! i will buy any book sarah palin writes or endorses !	positive	publication
phone	fantastic first class history lesson ! loved it !	positive	pedagogy
phone	another excellent guide ! clear and straightforward directions , worth the price . i encourage all who are interested to make the purchase .	positive	itinerary
phone	cant complain about the targets . you shoot and they make holes . easy to see your hits not too pricey either !	positive	gap
phone	simple but effective tool . one of those things that makes you say why didn't i think of this ? works well	positive	implement
phone	loved it ! having a hard time waiting for more ! they just keep getting better and better ! can't wait for more !	positive	pause
phone	really good reading . good characters and story lines .	positive	language
phone	only had to use one but good already	positive	figure
phone	i love this dress ! the size , length and color are perfect for me . wish it cam in more colors though .	positive	dimension
phone	this is such a great lightweight face moisturizer with spf ! i wear it everyday and it is just perfect ! love !	positive	degree
phone	this book is very informative and helpful . i learned a lot and i love the lists in the appendix section .	positive	database
phone	good read . i think everyone in life has this question and it helps view our situations from a new perspective .	positive	existence
phone	this game is fun then it gets better . some parts might be hard then it is easy . so that is my comment	positive	statement
phone	the opera glasses came immediately after ordering and the glasses are perfect in size , weight , and appearance for my needs .	positive	classical
phone	this cd shipped quickly , frankie valli is always a fun listen and this had all the hits that we expected .	positive	feat
phone	this is a great show good family entertainment without all the reality bologna ! the plot story line is wonderful .	positive	recreation
phone	cute little gnome for all of my red sox loving family members . i gave them as christmas gifts this year .	positive	season
phone	exactly what i expected and needed . easiest thing i have ever used even a moron could use it . skatelife . weouthere .	positive	simpleton
phone	oh wow this is such a wonderful dvd so informative such a master .	positive	optical_disk
phone	great protection for the ipod . it covers all the edges nicely and helps against cracking or breaking of your device .	positive	stereo
phone	it is very easy to warm up the frozen pizza it islike getting pizza fresh from the oven	positive	dish
phone	my home printer . scans well and prints well . great product . wish i had started using laserjet before now .	positive	abode
phone	great pens with stylus . very fast shipping . i even ordered another set to send to my daughter in the us navy .	positive	assemblage
phone	wonderful uplifting stories . very easy lighthearted reading . i would recommend this book to any one who likes lighthearted stories .	positive	publication
phone	wonderful piece and it will be sure to attract attention . it is well built , very solid and of good quality !	positive	portion
phone	really cute fancy nancy book great christmas story too ! my girls love these books .	positive	woman
phone	i love this book i will read this book over an over . yes indeed , i will tell orher about this book	positive	publication
phone	item was as advertised and delivered fast !	positive	component
phone	waste of money . didnt read my tmobile sim card and its cheap and will break easy . dont waste your money on this	negative	paper
phone	they worked for about two weeks and then they stopped working ! you get what you pay for boo boo boo	negative	cry
phone	it didn't work . when i connect laptop vga output by using this adapter converter to my tv , it shows nothing .	negative	production
phone	did not smell like authentic darshan , too perfumy . tried letting it air out and that seemed to help a little	negative	support
phone	broke out my neck after being outside and sweating . i will wait for cooler weather to use this product again .	negative	commodity
phone	i only watched about minutes of this one . i couldn't understand what the actors were saying most of time .	negative	performer
phone	purchased the led light lamp it lasted days before it broke . the spiral rod broke . very very disappointed !	negative	life
phone	very poorly made . the non stick surface came off with little use and no scrubbing . ave your money for another product .	negative	cleaning
phone	this story had to many characters to keep up with and it sucked . i do not recommend . that is all	negative	message
phone	cans were bent and cans were bent so badly that they had to be thrown away packing was not good .	negative	container
phone	so anyone can hack into you personal cam and watch you and family while you are safe in your home	negative	abode
phone	this is the soundtrack to hell .	negative	audio
phone	can we just get the original theatrical versions on bluray ? is it that difficult , are we asking too much ? please .	negative	interpretation
phone	nothing , didn't work for me at all . i'm so disappointed after reading all if the reviews . don't waste your money .	negative	assessment
phone	this kit came with many parts , some didn't even fit together correctly and some were rusted . i was very dissapointed !	negative	case
phone	this was not funny . i regret getting this . a book needs to be funny before you can call it funny .	negative	publication
phone	it's unlike expected . it's not suitable for men so i don't like this . too tighten my foots . sorryand thanks	negative	acknowledgment
phone	it was gray instead of snow white . very disappointed in my purchase . also was too big for my steering wheel	negative	direction
phone	the writing was very stilted , and there were too many characters having too many affairs . the plot was fairly interesting .	negative	concern
phone	terrible . its worth when you want it to play quality music , it just doesnt work . trash ! hate it !	negative	attribute
phone	made in taiwan . the description says that's it is long . not true . i returned and bought the ontario .	negative	statement
phone	this is smelly . smelly like poo .	negative	kind
phone	i woke up next to this thing and hide in the basement for hours	negative	floor
phone	very poor quality . made of very poor quality materials . no zippered coin pocket . not a good wallet for children . very dissapointed .	negative	mintage
phone	these must be mismarked . they had eee width for a b product . save yourself the return s h by not buying .	negative	commodity
phone	material is very poor and size is way too small	negative	substance
phone	the glass is too thin . doesn't stand up if you put in the freezer it falls apart . inferior quality .	negative	fridge
phone	even if i couldn't see the numbers , i just kept clicking and the objects would disappear . no challenge at all .	negative	physical_entity
phone	could not open app . does not work . may have been useful if it could be opened . very disappointed with app .	negative	technology
phone	another game i will not be purchasing due to drm .	negative	activity
phone	receives signals ok , but single elements are not very sturdy , probably ok for inside , attic use . won't last long outside	negative	communication
phone	pass on this one . tell these companies with your wallet that we won't stand for this sort of thing anymore .	negative	case
phone	i have used this product faithfully every day and did not lose even one pound . i do not recommend it ,	negative	commodity
phone	used it for my potted plants at least once every two months . didn't help now my plants are no longer alive .	negative	period
phone	game was not much fun . deleted it .	negative	recreation
phone	almost not lubricated not comfortable at all , won't buy again . if you don't want a bad experience , avoid this please !	negative	purchase
phone	it was too small for me .	negative	technology
phone	it came without any instructions on how to inflate or the plug thing to keep air inside .	negative	gas
phone	the product is in great condition but i need to return it back , i order a wrong one thank you .	negative	commodity
phone	good but too basic . it doesn't cover enough vocabulary a good reference on my kindel however . give it a try .	negative	remark
phone	kind of confusing and i'd like to believe it but i think the story could have been written more concisely .	negative	message
phone	program interface is poor . major windows clipping problems . unable to repair jpg with damaged header . would not recommend . all blow and no show .	negative	os
phone	i gave this to my godchild for a christmas present and parts came out of the box already broken .	negative	container
phone	the shirt is more like a small instead of a large . hoping to lose weight in order to wear it	negative	garment
phone	battery is old and didn't hold much of a charge after four weeks of use compared to my original battery .	negative	attack
phone	did not live up to expectations . i guess i fell for all the hype . not recommended . see the previous information . bummer .	negative	belief
phone	no wonder they won't show a picture of these . even elton john on his worst day wouldn't wear these sunglasses .	negative	eyeglasses
phone	mine fell off a clean wall and folded over itself on the floor . game over . garbage can . it can't be separated .	negative	level
phone	it's a nice shirt i can't even fit half of my body in it because it's so small . thanks though .	negative	garment
phone	leaves a different feel to the screen , doesn't get all the bubbles out easily , makes the screen little more blurry	negative	awareness
book	worked really great ! happy with this item .	positive	component
book	nothing bad can be said about this controller . does what it needs to do . great build , durability , battery life , reception and weight .	positive	existence
book	perfect . i really liked them . met my standards i'm thinking bout ordering more very soon thanks very much for this .	positive	part
book	exactly what it says . feet long and not even broken or anything . woooooooow ! it is well worth the price !	positive	value
book	perfect length , long legs so have trouble ,	positive	dimension
book	this is perfect ! this is exactly what i need it to hold all my memory cards . i love it ! a	positive	game
book	only had to use one but good already	positive	figure
book	subltly complex characters , nicely portrayed by the cast . the scenes perfectly underscored the tone and tenor of the story line .	positive	speech
book	grandson loved it , all smiles for sure .	positive	grandchild
book	i wanted it to play gamecube games . without a controller , i couldn't play them . i play them with my wii console .	positive	activity
book	works good . which it had a little more power cand come with bigger pads . but good price and it works .	positive	value
book	extremelly recomend . does worth it ! nice strap . the case becomes a vertical pedestal , easy to fold down . nice price . buy it !	positive	value
book	the replacement of a very satisfied fabrics is comfortable and style is very fit . my husband is very love it .	positive	spouse
book	it is good item to keep life from getting in the way of destroying a expensive piece of technology . bulky	positive	existence
book	good colors and mind blowing zoom . the stabilization is the stuff of magic .	positive	substance
book	quick ship . love these tubes .	positive	vessel
book	the product is great and will do what i expedited ! you can mount these lights anywhere and there water proof !	positive	commodity
book	my son loves this . this was his second kendama and loves it more than the first !	positive	man-child
book	extraordinary filming and a great production . i can watch it over and over again . good lesson for humanity too .	positive	pedagogy
book	worked as designed . no poop spilling out everywhere .	positive	feces
book	just sooo funny ! never boring and just tooo many tee hees ! thinking of getting all that's missing is the music	positive	site
book	nice size for the lockerts representing a special initial of a special person . would be ordering another initial soon ya !	positive	being
book	it needed one more lift , but it works fine , the color is beautiful and it sits against the wall perfectly .	positive	divider
book	exactly what we expected when it was ordered . very happy with this product and would definitely order it again . word	positive	commodity
book	my favorite song on the album . i highly recommend it to fans of u and non fans alike . enjoy it .	positive	piece
book	these are great cards for any one that is into zombies . will be used for initiative in hell on earth	positive	deceased
book	i gave this to my son for christmas and he was very very happy . he loved the series . great deal .	positive	season
book	my child has a guitar . this offers great protection , and has give . easy to load in car or closet .	positive	juvenile
book	excellent first edition ! super happy with seller too !	positive	merchant
book	perfect quality for my young daughter . true to size based on measurements given . nice weight for so cal . really cute !	positive	magnitude
book	i find this item very satisfactory . my only problem is adjusting the volume not to get too much background noise .	positive	component
book	good stuff with reasonable cost for ipad , mac or iphone users who are searching for convenient presentation controller and pointer !	positive	outlay
book	the many details which came together to result in this assassination , are very well developed and assembled . very well done .	positive	info
book	i installed this on a bit vista laptop . it worked very well . i did not have any issues at all .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
book	this order was shipped diligently and i recieved it within days of ordering it !	positive	life
book	can't find after shave in the stores . bought this after shave for me at christmas . great way to christmas shop .	positive	season
book	i used to wear kiwis in high school and loved them . many compliments . this is a great and comfortable shoe .	positive	footwear
book	absolutely fantastic . great sound at a great price . easy hook up and speakers that seem to dissapear in the room	positive	value
book	good solid product ! really easy to install . clean and goes well with tv and wall mount . definitely recommend this product .	positive	commodity
book	drop in replacement , no hassle , worked out just great . furnace was back working in no time . highly recommended , easy swap .	positive	exchange
book	essence is simply awesome ! essence is also very informative . one of the best magazines out there period . two thumbs up !	positive	publication
book	i wear these a lot ! thanks !	positive	acknowledgment
book	perfect condition for a great price . my kids were very happy to get the latest version of this great series .	positive	state
book	love this movie , can not see it enough times . love the music and dancing . patrick is such a great actor .	positive	performer
book	love , love , these slippers , would wear all day if possible . the only problem is the soles wear out too fast .	positive	footwear
book	this was a fantastic show that got canceled much too soon . please , sony pictures , put this out on dvd now !	positive	representation
book	i have a review on this on my youtube channel , curlsandbeauty byandrea , this is sooo good . ps i have dry long curly hair	positive	assessment
book	the liquid is much better than the pills i've been prescribed . plus , it's pleasant tasting . i'll be ordering again . thanks !	positive	fluid
book	prompt shipment , good price . strong material , well constructed . velcro on entire flap ! holds two rd tcm double stack magazines . great value	positive	substance
book	great acting and story lines characters real genuine watch it always even repeats . love costumes and early buggies , etc please keep this show coming thank you	positive	carriage
book	seems to run a bit wide . also , the leather on the side is very thin , feels cheap . i returned them .	negative	animal_skin
book	it's very hard to open a can with it . i had one for several years and it worked very good	negative	technology
book	did not make a lot of sense , some funny lines but not enough to story line	negative	message
book	not really a 'good' animated series in my opinion but it does follow the space ball the movie characters . dag	negative	belief
book	it was too hard for me to be able to play it . i didn't like it very much . thank you .	negative	compete
book	rope is so flimsy it swings in the slightest breeze , no bird will land on it . don't waste your money .	negative	vertebrate
book	got one works great the other not so good , the beam is kind of dull on the second one	negative	signaling
book	bought this because it says it was for mac osx . this is not true . don't buy this product . thanks .	negative	commodity
book	this was a gift for some one else and i haven't heard any feedback from the recipient .	negative	acquisition
book	i broke out after a week of using the product and my dark spots are still there . i'm very disappointed .	negative	commodity
book	this was a wasted plot ! so much more could have been done with this storyline .	negative	plot
book	at first the sound was okay but then it wouldn't make any sound at all . i wouldn' t recommend it .	negative	suggest
book	poorly done . not at all sexy . very short on plot . pretty people , but just not a good movie . i was disappointed .	negative	show
book	it has broken apart long the seams as soon as we picked up mattress of the ground .	negative	joint
book	not very effective . will not grab dog hair as hoped .	negative	canine
book	on the first day there was a small buzzing noise that gradually got louder as i used it . .	negative	unit_of_time
book	if i had to chose again i wouldn't but this . i actually fell asleep on this . bruce willis could be better	negative	decide
book	cheap quality don't buy this a waste of money .	negative	attribute
book	the back fell out after just one day . felt cheap and way too small .	negative	unit_of_time
book	do not buy this company . man no battery , no charger , no place to buy . very expensive .	negative	establishment
book	the color did not match my car at all , i had to go to dealer to get the right match	negative	merchant
book	cute shorts , but buyers beware these run about three sizes too small !	negative	pant
book	this does not remove spider veins like it said .	negative	arachnid
book	not funny , not believable . sandra bullock role was reduced to trying to look shocked . no one liked it in my family	negative	duty
book	this was so so , not to thrilled , very opaque . would keep searching for a better fit . used on iphone s .	negative	bad_temper
book	totally not what i expected . put a better description and please put actual picture of the product from different angles	negative	commodity
book	these are a great price , but they only lasted about months before they would no longer charge .	negative	value
book	cheap cheap the colors are nice that's it it broke real fast don't buy you pay for what you get	negative	flag
book	item was different than what i received and it was also too large . cheap lace galore . just dont buy this .	negative	purchase
book	these are so thin they're see through !	negative	perceive
book	i got screwed and the thing is flat white and the flip visor is junk	negative	armor_plating
book	i like this game but it wont work on my computer i'm very disappointed . hope you don't get this game .	negative	machine
book	i agree with jessi walters it looks good but is not that good of a product	negative	commodity
book	broke out my neck after being outside and sweating . i will wait for cooler weather to use this product again .	negative	commodity
book	it was shot really well but the story was not so interesting . the ending was just to crazy to believe .	negative	message
book	wouldn't work on my kindle fire , which is severely lacking a decent media player . at least one i can find unrooted .	negative	contestant
book	it was way too small for me . i could not fit into it and it does not strach at all	negative	meet
book	lock worked great until the first time tried unlocking it . key broke off while trying to unlock it . poor quality .	negative	fastening
book	this phone case was way overpriced . i don't know why i was charged this much money for a phone case !	negative	medium_of_exchange
book	not a good value . very expensive for what it delivers . very difficult to use . very poor results . buy something else !	negative	phenomenon
book	the central speaker stopped working after months . i would never buy this brand again . thank you for nothing . a	negative	name
book	i charged my iphone x's and lost a power light , felt it was not what i was looking for .	negative	quality
book	very small and thin , they don't look or feel real . not worth the money paid for these crappy slices . beware	negative	portion
book	very disappointed in the battery life . used as a back up for our alarm system , it lasted only a few months .	negative	existence
book	these earrings look cheap and cut in half . the picture misrepresents the product and in fact they actually look plastic .	negative	jewelry
book	and didn't make a lot of sense . the editing seemed off . the story was slow . i couldn't get into it .	negative	writing
book	translation quality is poor . it is difficult to read	negative	attribute
book	dont buy this product , the screw was stripped on the feedneck and it was a waste of money and time .	negative	purchase
book	themselves were at least inch too long . . almost always fits my girlfriend at least within a half size	negative	woman
book	very crumbly . what a mess ! we eat larabars on a regular basis and this combo crumbled out of the package .	negative	foundation
product	very good flavoring ! lots of cinnamon . when brewing this tea it fills the house full of a cinnamon smell ! yummy !	positive	abode
product	dos passos delivers big time , clear , concise writing with realistic dialougue that reveals the characters through their own words . a classic !	positive	language
product	as advertised works great on the shark	positive	selachian
product	this tablet is great ! like it so much i got my kids one ! very good quality ! very easy to use !	positive	juvenile
product	my son love it ! great bouncer ! would recommend it to anyone who wants their child to have fun !	positive	juvenile
product	actually , this unit does more than i thought it could do . it has been a very good purchase .	positive	acquisition
product	i ordered pairs of these as gifts . they fit like i expected . quality was great . well worth the money .	positive	set
product	a very well thought out exciting legal thriller with likable characters , believable plot and storyline , and exciting page turning ending	positive	plot
product	good family show that you can allow your children to watch without worry as to language and morals are taught .	positive	communication
product	i love one republic ! their music is just fabulous ! you will never regret it if you buy this cd ! great !	positive	metal
product	one of the most accurate and easy to use tuners that i have ever owned ! fantastic !	positive	skilled_workman
product	nice drills , good starting points , some what repetitious in longer shorter variations but good challenges . work for indoor bike well	positive	modification
product	i love this app ! it's good for people who like to use their brains and think . irecommend it for everyone !	positive	group
product	works great in my ro filter for a way cheaper price than the big box stores or other online stores .	positive	container
product	it is a very good book full of vital information . its easy to understand approach is very user friendly !	positive	person
product	fits beautifully on my phone . very happy .	positive	electronic_equipment
product	they are great and i got them on time . great preens for teenagers that drive . they loved all of them	positive	juvenile
product	very good coverage of human perception of reality .	positive	representation
product	i am enjoying reading this book . it is very informative as to the making of a marine officer .	positive	serviceman
product	old three blades were not sharp , put sharping heads on old three blades and keep old three blades sharp well	positive	leaf
product	i love it beacause its big and it is good for youtube videos and im trying to be a partner	positive	relation
product	awesome price ! its normally around dollars for tapes at any store so this is killeri will buy again	positive	value
product	very pleased with this radio pair except that i thought that it came with lithium batteries	positive	broadcasting
product	shirt is a hanes tagless ! soft and super comfortable . now all i need is an amp with l 's in it .	positive	garment
product	simply put , louie is the best comedy on tv . season is groundbreaking , and sets the bar for modern sit coms .	positive	broadcasting
product	first book of the trilogy . terrific story well written great characters well researched . a most enjoyable read .	positive	trio
product	my daughter got this as a gift for a yr old team mate . everyone is very happy w it .	positive	unit
product	clever , thrilling and nicely staffed and decorated . i liked it .	positive	want
product	fyi , it doesn't say it but this book does have the studentconsult online access code inside the cover .	positive	publication
product	great feel . soft and full of room . here are more words as required for this review , sorry for the fill .	positive	assessment
product	kids love having coins . makes spending more fun saves mom a little . very kid friendly for younger ages .	positive	mother
product	loved it ! great story . one of my favorite books ! definitely worth the money ! awesome book d i couldn't put it down .	positive	publication
product	stevie is excellent , always has been always will be . the quality of this video is excellent sound picture	positive	attribute
product	its hard for me to find size . i am very happy that i found it here . also very good selection .	positive	magnitude
product	these are the best of the best , nice quality and very comfortable , perfectheel height . i received many compliments on them .	positive	dimension
product	good storyline , romance and mystery , deadly offeringskept interest , few crammed type mistakes towards ending , did not take away anything .	positive	plot
product	covers the basics very well . i've had it on my shelf for years and have reread several times .	positive	period
product	we made a blank with this and its great for that and keeps you warm . a great for little girls	positive	woman
product	i have found wiersbe bible commentary of the ot to be a wonderful resource for preparing to teach sunday school !	positive	assets
product	so fun colorful . love them .	positive	recreation
product	this is the only kind of diapers i will buy . the big box delivered is great .	positive	container
product	love the x guitar capo . just the right pressure , super fast repositioning . will recommend to my band mates and others .	positive	family
product	big grey's anatomy fans will love this . i could watch these all weekend . each episode makes you yearn for more !	positive	morphology
product	lots of new information , easy read , great recipes ! i learned the reasons behind the trend toward plant powered eating . thank you !	positive	content
product	excellent read ! loved the whole series !	positive	publication
product	items meet all of my expectations and perform very well . will be reordering again soon . thanks and best regards , ray k .	positive	rearrangement
product	amazing pop ups illustrating the days of christmas . great gift for a grandparent to share with the young ones .	positive	season
product	between skyfall and casino royale , daniel craig has brought new life to james bond . enjoyed skyfall very much . highly recommend .	positive	existence
product	awesome kights for daytime and nightime driving . harness is bit kong for a bike but easy to sokice and install	positive	swing
product	my wife read this book and really liked it . since we recently moved to alabama , it had some good meaning .	positive	spouse
product	pass on this one . so many others that are better . it all sounds the same .	negative	seem
product	this guy sucks i ordered my book a few days ago and he still hasn't shipped it , i'm pissed .	negative	man
product	awful ! nothing like the picture . only one bead and two wire bracelets . really not able to give as a gift .	negative	jewelry
product	it doesn't pick up things when you push forward ! it doesn't pick up things when you push forward ! don't work	negative	deciding
product	annoying ads and not much different from first version . on the boring side . removed from my device after a while .	negative	publicity
product	terrible movie that only scares the viewer with screamers that happen throughout the entire film . don't recommend to anyone . bad .	negative	observer
product	i selected this movie because i'm a jimmy cagney fan . unfortunately , it's not up to his talent . skip this one .	negative	show
product	way too small , gave to my yr old who is a skinny size !	negative	magnitude
product	not as described too small not enough light . wanted to use it for camping .	negative	habitation
product	bought this for a class i was taking and ended up dropping the class . anybody want to buy a book ?	negative	publication
product	don't buy it . misrepresented , you only get the very little travel sizeextremely disappointed ! but it dose smell good	negative	medicament
product	btr season is not available for us to watch so i cannot rate it ! we like btr a lot !	negative	time_period
product	not what was pictured , does not work .	negative	imagine
product	it does not work . when you plug in it says it is not made for i pad . don't waste your money .	negative	paper
product	did anyone use this on the floor ? sorry about the two stars only star but i didn't buy it yet .	negative	level
product	shallow plot offering plenty of occasions for gratuitous graphic violence . nevertheless , acting and aesthetics are rather good .	negative	aggression
product	bbc coverage was the best however , too much was deleted causing hiccups in the sound especially during wedding ceremony very disappointed .	negative	ceremony
product	this things is not new and clearly low quality . it seems used and damaged . i dont recommend it at all .	negative	attribute
product	the gold looks brown . but it does fit my keyboard nicely and they'll fix their mistake . but it's not gold .	negative	device
product	just another fad ! diet , unhealthy , at best !	negative	fashion
product	this came with floppy disks . modern computers , including mine , can't deal with it . cds are the norm . w . patrick lang	negative	standard
product	i deleted it after playing one or two rounds . i'm still looking for an 'old school' app . . . .	negative	ammo
product	not quite what i was hoping for , but pleased to have read it . i skimmed the last few chapters . thanks .	negative	section
product	item is too flimsy and it is not sturdy enough . i put a neck pillow behind . to keep it up .	negative	cushion
product	inadequate to say the least , a terrible book . no pictures , not worth the price . deceptive , don't bother .	negative	value
product	because of the other words from every page . liking the words from the title . parents told me to not only	negative	language
product	get their other stuff . btw , why the hell is this going for up to fifty dollars ? hilarious .	negative	substance
product	don't waste your money , if you buy it you waste your moneyit's the worst screen protector i ever have	negative	surface
product	found the pictures don't seem to be high quality and the camera feels cheap and plasticy . i wouldn't recommend it .	negative	attribute
product	maybe passable by children standards , but these just tasted like plastic to me . cheesy plastic , chocolate plastic , and cinnamon plastic .	negative	juvenile
product	didn't fit my oven . cost too much to return . wasted my money . can't find what i need for my oven . not too happy	negative	medium_of_exchange
product	this is the most difficult to open one hand open knife i've ever owned .	negative	extremity
product	i needed it , so i started wearing it . i hope will shrink when it is washed . wish me good luck .	negative	anticipation
product	hard to apply without bubbling .	negative	emit
product	bought two of these and both failed in less than a week . these are very low quality chinese made innertubes .	negative	attribute
product	bought it and not happy ! doesn't slay closed and the edges lift up	negative	boundary
product	i expected the history of corn , but most of the book is how indians used corn . it got old quick .	negative	past
product	doesn't display anything blank black screen with no characters or articles broken app although i do enjoy the magazine	negative	demonstration
product	it was a little bit large and i gave it to my father and he liked it a lot	negative	parent
product	doesn't stay in position , kinda cheapy !	negative	point
product	the holes for the camera , etc are in the wrong place , so it does not fit correctly on the screen .	negative	gap
product	actually i wanted to buy this machine so i purchased it but it didn't work if you want , search more	negative	device
product	this filter is the cheapest filter i've ever seen . i would not consider it a hepa filter .	negative	device
product	returned defective as bike holding bar could not be affixed to the stand's base bar's pre drilled holes were misaligned .	negative	possession
product	memory foam pillow is too stiff and uncomfortable for me . would not recommend it unless you want a stiff pillow .	negative	cushion
product	will be going on my rd one in less than a year .	negative	time_period
product	worst movie ever if you watch the trailer you've seen everything that happens in the movie	negative	show
product	awful book , could not finish it . stories are dull and need more life . unfortunately it did not hold my interest .	negative	existence
product	it is slow and not nearly as good as the other running games out there . do not waste your time .	negative	instance
product	i was interested in how and what jefferson ascribed to the words of jesus . good human interest .	negative	language
time	all parts included and takes about minutes to install ! fits crafstman , husquvarna and poulan pro inch decks . probably more brands too .	positive	name
time	c'est un tr egrave s bon classique agrave lire et agrave relire . c'est gratuit alors profitons en pour revisiter nos classiques sur ebook .	positive	negative
time	this is very cute and will go good in my fairy garden , the little frog in it is really cute .	positive	amphibian
time	richard mansfield is the best writer for the novice hoping to learn computer programming . an excellent book for the beginner .	positive	machine
time	nice battery bank , good designs quality . as usual anker has good package and customer services . highly reccomand !	positive	consumer
time	lots of fun and a good description of early horse ranching in texas . recommend this well written book for all ages .	positive	equine
time	a fun escape . not overhyped fluff by any stretch of the imagination .	positive	creativity
time	everyone even kids would enjoy this game . i am addicted already . i like all the other games also . and will download others	positive	juvenile
time	love the comforter . it is very soft and warm . it also washed well . would recommend definitely very very very nice .	positive	communicator
time	this was a great buy and the service very good . i love the shows !	positive	purchase
time	came packaged great . fit perfect . looks awesome . i do recommend an inner clear curtin to protect it from water though .	positive	liquid
time	this group is hands down one of the most unique aruond . funky electronic beats and dope sounds through each track .	positive	line
time	such a great game i rate five stars there's a lot ofcostumes that you can buy with diamonds and money	positive	jewel
time	i enjoyed it very much . made me so happy and smile . now i can't wait to see now seasons .	positive	pause
time	my feet are horribly dry and this moisturizes w out being greasy . my skin actually absorbs it . this stuff is magic !	positive	substance
time	one of his best ever ! absolutely mystical and soul stirring !	positive	spirit
time	it's quiet and wonderful when it comes to air circulation .	positive	gas
time	perfect fit an feel . great product great seller . best price online .	positive	commodity
time	i love this mattress . inflates in a couple of minutes and it is very comfortable . i will recommend this matress .	positive	pair
time	works as well as i had hoped . fits perfectly and looks factory made , can't ask for anything else . thanks alot .	positive	plant
time	very interesting . i can't wait to see what's in store in the next book . it was very full of suspense .	positive	apprehension
time	this series is incredible . the directing and acting is superb . american series pale in comparison , i recommend highly to everyone .	positive	order
time	wonderful traditional garment from africa . i use to for casual wear as well as presentations to classrooms on african cultures .	positive	clothing
time	these are amazing ! the craftsmanship , color , attention to detail , are all phenomenal . these will never go out of style . ever .	positive	fact
time	this shirt has been a great addition to the type of cloths i wear , and the band kicks some a	positive	kind
time	this is the best purchase i've made all winter . it heats up fast and keeps out the cold winter chill .	positive	acquisition
time	i was very pleased with the look of the belt . also the price was good for this type of belt .	positive	kind
time	great product would recommend this .	positive	commodity
time	walter miller is a wonderful person and his book is excellent . it is as charming and thoughtful as he is .	positive	being
time	these were exactly what i thought they were going to be and super cute ! i highly recommend getting a pair .	positive	set
time	this was a christmas for my wife . she uses it every day . great price and it shipped faster than expected .	positive	spouse
time	this stuff is great . m makes my legs and arms glisten and give them that golden look . i recommend this product .	positive	commodity
time	wonderful luxurious bath salts to enjoy and take in . especially on a day when nothing but a bath will help !	positive	vessel
time	i am new to cooking vegetarian and this book has a ton of easy to make recipes to choose from .	positive	eater
time	both my children love this app . fun creating different drawings . my daughter loves that she can save and share her creations .	positive	artwork
time	bought this item used and am very pleased with it . for thge purchase price here in alaska new is .	positive	acquisition
time	great product at a great savings . was looking for an affordable replacement for intuit , these envelopes are precisely the ones .	positive	substitution
time	i enjoyed six months in montana . it kept my attention and was an easy read , yet hard to put down . thanks . florence	positive	period
time	it was very entertaining and i would recommend it for young adults also it kept me wondering what would happen	positive	person
time	really cute fancy nancy book great christmas story too ! my girls love these books .	positive	woman
time	this will either bring back memories of playing at a golf course in ireland or make you want to go .	positive	instruction
time	my boys love these seasame street figures and the accessories are cute too ! they are very durable and portable too .	positive	thoroughfare
time	this is a grate gadget we use it for wine parties , comes in real handy . could not live without it . pmrae .	positive	alcohol
time	i buy this one every yearwell organizedcross referenced where neededreasonably priced for a very complete reference bookexcellent online support	positive	remark
time	the book was spell bounding . the characters took on images of individuals one could relate to .	positive	representation
time	j . j . heller has such a pretty voice , and her music glorifies the lord with sincerity .	positive	sound
time	this movie was very action packed . i was hanging on the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next .	positive	deed
time	good book . good service . good , great , just fine . keep up the good good service , . i like doing service with you .	positive	work
time	delivered as promised . have not yet tried the products .	positive	commodity
time	the history lesson was awsome ! not to mention the wonderful recipies . you should really buy this one . a real treat .	positive	pedagogy
time	it worked for a day then got stuck at . i threw it out after two new sets of batteries .	negative	collection
time	i feel like a pirate or something in this . it just isn't very cute at all . very cheap halloween costume looking .	negative	garb
time	most of the movie was okay but what was up with the end ? could have been done a lot better .	negative	show
time	ordered as a giftsheets are not the quality i thought they would be . would reconsider before i buy again .	negative	attribute
time	cheap plastic toy that looks and feels like it . don't let your child make the same mistake i did . period .	negative	juvenile
time	just got this . broken in the box . sending it back as soon as possible . super disappointed and just upset to be honest . really ? c''mon !	negative	container
time	upon inquiring , i have found that this product does not workon certain kindles . and i guess that includes mine	negative	commodity
time	does not work , its full of adds . nothing works properly on this app . would not recommend for anyone . just my opinion .	negative	belief
time	light weight so undocking is a two handed task and it moves around my desk . only fits certain iphone cables .	negative	wire
time	bad photo image . don't waste your money .	negative	representation
time	i bought two . the color fade very fast and material is a kind rough on surface . inch in width .	negative	substance
time	i tried to download and would not let me . too bad since it would be nice to have used it .	negative	transfer
time	delightful characters and a lovely tale . despite the horrific orphanage scenes . a truly enjoyable read and one i'd recommend to anyone .	negative	message
time	i was disappointed not so much with the cd but that the music was not what i had been expecting	negative	metal
time	box had been opened before . metal parts thrown in . some covered , most not . very dirty parts . disappointed .	negative	container
time	did not work with sony ps . could not get audio to work .	negative	auditory_communication
time	this didn't fit my hard drive . there is an extra pin on the notebook hard drive side for some reason .	negative	jewelry
time	no cubre la pantalla completa deja mucho espacio descubierto , o me envieron el item equivocado . desearia una compensacion . graciassaludos	negative	component
time	not to informative if you are collector but ok for quick reference . blak white photos drawings .	negative	artwork
time	pretty crappy . not sparkly and you can see the glue . i would prefer to not have a case at all .	negative	cement
time	if there is a red thread of continuity plot theme i can't find it .	negative	cord
time	do not buy , product is cheap and when it arrived , does not fit description and screen scratched ! save your money !	negative	commodity
time	this is the music played at my younger brother's funeral . it is very meaningful for me to listen to .	negative	auditory_communication
time	this thing will scratch the surface of your ipod . it scratched mine beware !	negative	stereo
time	got the item for my wife . the design and the packaging were okay but the product is very very small .	negative	spouse
time	this one that i got does not work correctly it is suppose to open a can ! it does not !	negative	speculate
time	btr season is not available for us to watch so i cannot rate it ! we like btr a lot !	negative	time_period
time	there just arent enough examples , your basically trying to solve the problems at the end on your own , bad book .	negative	publication
time	short and silly . might be good to download if you're looking for a minute mind less quickie to read .	negative	cognition
time	didn't fit my gmc hd had to pay for return shipping .	negative	business
time	no longer holds a charge . absolutely worthless . looks like a keyboard , though . don't buy it . it is a piece of junk .	negative	portion
time	it broke when i tryed to insert it in my laptop and it's made with cheap plastic . product is crap !	negative	commodity
time	i deleted it after playing one or two rounds . i'm still looking for an 'old school' app . . . .	negative	ammo
time	item is too flimsy and it is not sturdy enough . i put a neck pillow behind . to keep it up .	negative	cushion
time	the images are dull flat low contrast looking . you're better off using ink jet photo paper .	negative	plane
time	was not what i expected did not like the movie at all gave it away	negative	show
time	it wroke after the first week . didn't work right is a cheap material don't bye it don't wasted your money	negative	substance
time	good graphics but i thought that it would let me actually race . do not get this app ever it's all a lie	negative	competition
time	did not work as advertised . we are in the process of returning it . very disappointed . and very boring to use .	negative	activity
time	completely died after only five or six uses , and wouldn't power up again at all . i'm not at all impressed .	negative	quality
time	not true to size bought x was more like x had no streatch very very stiff and uncomfortable returned	negative	magnitude
time	i received a meelectronics sport , not a sport fi . thus , the . price savings turned out not to be true . sucks	negative	value
time	it work only one size of earphone . they all the same . not recommend , buy at your own risk , ! not pass	negative	magnitude
time	do not like it and it is just something i wanted to look at and then can't delete it . there	negative	remove
time	confusing for me to read ! only read if you understand english from the s . made absolutely no sense at all .	negative	publication
time	gays and teenie boppers may like this , but gwen shouldn't give up her day job with nd . just terrible .	negative	activity
time	poor excuse for an ipod stand , wouldn't rotate for other angles . needs to be remodified to make it more useful .	negative	stereo
time	pictures are deceiving . very very small . impossible to store ties or socks . don't waste your money	negative	neckwear
time	great redd fox comedybut streaming quality badit is not worth dollars and centamazon should give me a refund	negative	monetary_unit
time	buy something else . this swim system is uncomfortable for children and slips too much no matter how you adjust it .	negative	juvenile
price	i love jackie's music very much , and in this albom the tunes are great . jack de jonette plays drums here fantastic .	positive	music
price	i like the way they are packaged in the plastic sleeve it makes it easy to store on the boat .	positive	watercraft
price	it fit perfectly in my dog's kennel . i am very happy i found a replacement . the product has great construction .	positive	substitution
price	the item was shipped promptly and in condition described . i prefer the kratt pipe .	positive	tubing
price	this stabalizer does a great job in keeping the bikes from moving swinging on the bike hitch . a very handy product !	positive	commodity
price	clark's shoes are quality and comfort with style . no breaking in is ever needed . this is a very good buy .	positive	purchase
price	this book will put you on the path towards improving your knowledge of arabic . however , you have to apply yourself .	positive	course
price	these are great quality toys . they are by far the best toy food for my eighteen month old son's kitchen .	positive	room
price	i really enjoyed this short novel the story line was good the characters sweet this book is a good read	positive	publication
price	i wish i had purchased the . tablet . screen size smaller than i thought . just a little small for my eyes .	positive	view
price	i saw review in rolling stones mag and took a chance . greatcopyright . worth the read . take a chance	positive	assessment
price	love it . everything i expected from amazon . no flaws . would highly recommend if your a fan .	positive	device
price	i enjoyed this book . it was very informative and interesting . the author was very well versed in his experiences . must read	positive	publication
price	i loved it . better than cats !	positive	feline
price	this was a great buy and the service very good . i love the shows !	positive	purchase
price	just as described and if you're a fan of the show . you gotta have this .	positive	device
price	daughter loves this she has also been so awsome as to share it with her little brother now very soft	positive	male_sibling
price	this electric knife has enough torque to filet redfish cleanly . the assortment of blades makes it very versatile and effective .	positive	rockfish
price	matches my red curtains perfectly . you have to fluff out the pedals bt once you do it looks so pretty .	positive	screen
price	too warm to use right now , but looks very cute and warm . i am sure our pups will love it !	positive	young_mammal
price	special effects are great and loved living in another world for a while . recommend to anyone to watch and enjoy yourselves .	positive	personal_property
price	excellent book , clear easy to read . to the point . easy recipes to stay on track !	positive	line
price	most comfortable tennis shoe i have ever owned i even bought my wife a pair . she really likes hers too .	positive	footwear
price	i bought this shirt as a just because for myself and it fit perfectly . it's my new favorite shirt	positive	garment
price	lots of new information , easy read , great recipes ! i learned the reasons behind the trend toward plant powered eating . thank you !	positive	content
price	if you can't afford a trip to ireland read this journal . you'll feel like you are already there .	positive	journeying
price	loved the back story on k .	positive	message
price	this book was so weird it was awesome i love it . sylvia u did good i love your books . keep them coming .	positive	publication
price	fun and informative . shared with the family . would have purchased the book , but it was free on kindle . absolutely fantastic !	positive	publication
price	good deal . wife loves it .	positive	spouse
price	it gives good results , rapidly but can sometimes hurt in the eyes be careful when you apply it	positive	view
price	i grew up his music'he help me threw some 'good and'bad times'keep up the good work'''	positive	activity
price	i can not get enough of ed sheeran . i would highly , highly , recommend any and all of his songs	positive	piece
price	soft cotton , good form fit not too baggy and does not pull in uncomfortable areas . overall makes my jewels happy	positive	jewelry
price	this is a very cute book , great for a twin book collection . but i wish it was a little longer .	positive	publication
price	got these shoes for my friend he said there comfortable and great for work . wear in anytime of weather for anyday .	positive	position
price	confirms the historical reality of jesus and provides confirmation of much of the info in the bible . jesus is lord	positive	proof
price	love the yellow color , it fits just right like i excepted them to !	positive	visual_property
price	this is probably one of the most unusual books i have read ! i could not put it down !	positive	publication
price	no new news , but great information to confirm what i already knew . great book .	positive	information
price	i love that they have the colbert report on here , they run a little late but it really dosent matter	positive	concern
price	by far the best i ever owned . instantly puts a nice point on any pencil . i would recommend this product .	positive	commodity
price	kids love having coins . makes spending more fun saves mom a little . very kid friendly for younger ages .	positive	mother
price	keeps my daughters curly , fine hair soft and tangle free . great product , and it's natural , botanically based .	positive	commodity
price	i purchased a cd pack of and they are wonderful . shippment was fast . well done .	positive	metal
price	awesome song that can really get you pumped up . i love listening to it while i'm working out . really fun .	positive	piece
price	just what i was looking for . compact and lightweight .	positive	element
price	omg ! . it really works . my skin feels so soft and clean . i don't have to worry anymore . every hair is gone !	positive	connective_tissue
price	swift delivery , perfect product , durable item a recipe for success . i'll order from this company again .	positive	commodity
price	very nice product for the money . wish i had bought this a year ago instead of my volt dewalt .	positive	commodity
price	not good as other brand . worst decision that i have made for my mom's ipad . oh . no . i didn't like it !	negative	choice
price	i never reseved this product ? its been over a month and im conserned on why i havent got it	negative	commodity
price	i bought this for a friend . he said it didn't work in italy . it didn't fit the plug . who knows ?	negative	blockage
price	item was not what was shown . it was a mah battery and not a mah battery as shown on website .	negative	component
price	too big . looks like a laptop bag	negative	container
price	got bored . this drags on and is pretty predictable . a few chuckles here and there , but too painful to watch .	negative	laugh
price	could not get it to print to my canon printer very limited printer choices	negative	deciding
price	only operates on a volt battery . sucks it up pretty fast too . wish it had a dc adapter . why not ?	negative	artillery
price	cute but the paint scratches off easily . it would be so much better if this did not happen . please fix .	negative	color
price	or something to that effect . another in the american beauty camp of willfully narrow minded views of middle america .	negative	phenomenon
price	i used to have this on cassette and wanted it on cd and it brought back all my childhood memories !	negative	metal
price	only used a single pouch unfortunately they have that horrible stench of industrial perfume . really stinks . wont use again .	negative	bag
price	when i plug it into my dell ultrabook it types it's own numbers and it will not stop . waste of money	negative	medium_of_exchange
price	it's not as i though it will be , i like to return it if i can how can i return it ?	negative	kind
price	i didn't even finish watching this . it could not hold my interest at all . would not recommend it to anyone .	negative	suggest
price	for a book with an average of three stars , why are the buying options so expensive ?	negative	publication
price	although it plays and the audio is good , i am bitterley disappointed with the picture quality of the dvd	negative	attribute
price	product to me not really good for hair replacement units . did not hold my unit .	negative	substitution
price	the chess computer functions do not work at all . for the product radio shack partner x chess computer . please be adviced .	negative	broadcasting
price	a few interesting stories but most left me thinking meh . a good quick easy read but not something i'd recommend	negative	message
price	ugly movie don't waste your money the movie is just minutes long , i think they screw up on this one	negative	show
price	need i say more ? . dont buy this unless you really like the movie the game sucks	negative	purchase
price	the colors of these covers are nice and bold , then they ruin your phone ! beware	negative	covering
price	there were several good scenes , but they didn't make up for the rest of the book . not worth reading .	negative	publication
price	the gloves are already coming apart and ive only wore the once . i would not recommend these gloves to anyone else . thanks !	negative	acknowledgment
price	i played three times then it not working the dic is unreadable	negative	period
price	wasn't what i expected just a useless app have that came with my phone that do the same feature	negative	attribute
price	tried kneading it to get it out of the packet , but it hardly budges . not returnable so buyer beware !	negative	customer
price	this didn't do a thing for me ! i felt more hungry than if i wouldn't have taken it at all .	negative	situation
price	it doesn't have anything that is fun on it . i tried everything and it is boring . good thkng it's free .	negative	recreation
price	can find videos on line . some of the facts are not correct .	negative	formation
price	they pretty much just sit around . every once in a blue moon someone picks it up for a brief chew .	negative	legal_instrument
price	desde vzla edo aragua los tlf sin fallas una semana de uso ya tienen y aparentemente todo marcha bien	negative	unrighteousness
price	d its always bigger than my size in this bad tommy its too small .	negative	magnitude
price	not even the right item for this laptop computer	negative	machine
price	this does not work as an incense burner . every time we put a candle in it it just goes out .	negative	lamp
price	i dont receipt your parcel . please tell me whats a reason and tell me when will i teke this parcel .	negative	container
price	i couldn't get this to work on a brand new dell with xp and mega memory .	negative	name
price	very difficult to understand and all but one tech support guy was rude and unhelpful .	negative	man
price	it wont work on the pc of s kindle that my wife bought me . no gps i'm sending it back .	negative	spouse
price	this is not a hyperdunk it is a scam i have seen those shoes at marshalls those ar hyper venoms !	negative	position
price	it looked a little to fake for that kind of movie . i didn't like the plot that could of ben better .	negative	show
price	the blu ray player does not output either dolby digital or dts audio . everything comes out in stereo .	negative	production
price	it broke within month of use . the button to turn very tough . very difficult to remove it from the phone .	negative	period
price	i hate it . atari's greatest hits pro is a real flop . wasted time on it . very bad and boring app	negative	instance
price	to me it really works on the pain i was having in my knees . it doesn't upset my stomach either .	negative	ginglymus
price	it doesn't stay firm even overnight . the motor burned out after a while . i bought a coleman . . . .	negative	business
price	product was described as boiled wool , latex sole , soft wool upper . item received was polyester . item will be returned .	negative	commodity
price	only works with long scopes , if you plan to use a short or inch scope buy the picatiny rail	negative	extent
price	i kept watching this train wreck waiting for the happy ending or resolution . this comedy actuallly made me depressed .	negative	document
quality	works well and looks great too , fits the surface tablet very well . i would tell eveyone to get one great	positive	artifact
quality	my month old nephew enjoyed the box more at christmas than the toy , but hopefully he will enjoy it .	positive	container
quality	i wanted to make everything in the book and or adapt some of the designs into my own creations .	positive	publication
quality	the product showed up ahead of schedule and works great . drill works like new .	positive	commodity
quality	the color of the shirt is really vibrant . the material is soft ans breezy . its a really cute summer shirt .	positive	substance
quality	cuts good so far . battery could charge faste , r but they want you to buy a fast charger for that . one	positive	artillery
quality	my year old and my year old play it all the time .	positive	instance
quality	great support was a little tight to begin with but is wearing in nicely . i would recommend it to anyone !	positive	activity
quality	nice swim suit , not very expensive . but you should wash it by hand because the material is a little delicate .	positive	substance
quality	nuvi works well , but , some areas are outdated roadnames . other than that it works excellently .	positive	region
quality	adidas always has good product . i really recommend this t shirt . my brother in law loves it a lot	positive	commodity
quality	my great nephew loved it and it is adorable . squeaks when you squeeze it . big and soft , good to cuddle with .	positive	kinsman
quality	it serves it's purpose well and is nice to have it match the bedding i have for my baby's room .	positive	goal
quality	this game is very fun to play and the graphics are very good . awesome for being free . worth the download .	positive	transfer
quality	my husband had to assemble it . i tried but couldn't . it's a good sturdy stander .	positive	spouse
quality	easy to send beautiful notes when you use cards like these . we will order them again when we run out .	positive	game
quality	this was purchased as a christmas gift , it did arrive before expected and it was exactly just what she wanted .	positive	season
quality	did they just steal this from hbo's crashbox show and switch it up a bit ? just asking , don't be offended .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
quality	very nice look and great features	positive	attribute
quality	nantucket sleighride is the greatest song ever recorded and that song alone is worth the price of the album . enjoy !	positive	value
quality	does exactly what it's supposed to do .	positive	speculate
quality	i love christopher's writing style . might not be humanly possible but i'd like to see even more books faster .	positive	property
quality	excellent product excellent service ! i mix a drop with water use as mouthwash . it's much better than regular mouthwash .	positive	commodity
quality	it is a very moving picture i really . enjoyed watching it . i love watching all his movies and plays .	positive	representation
quality	bought for my wife , thought that she might like it . thought a good but at the price . she loves it	positive	spouse
quality	i totally laughed my ass off . jenny mccarthy is honest and hysterical . i have gained a new found respect for her !	positive	body_part
quality	it is true to color and is crinkled as seen . i love that because it adds texture to my styles .	positive	feel
quality	i used this drill press stand to make a homemade edm electrical discharge machine . this product served my purpose well .	positive	goal
quality	great books ! loved them both . hope there more in the future . karen kingsbury is now one of my favorite authors .	positive	time
quality	this book will give you hope that the one is out there waiting for you . i couldn't put it down .	positive	publication
quality	is it gonna be out later in ? around the time of the movie ?	positive	show
quality	best way to keep jeans looking new even after several years of use .	positive	pant
quality	ive had it for a while no crashes yet !	positive	noise
quality	these books are a classic . definitely worth buying new . this review needed to have eleven more words to be valid .	positive	assessment
quality	the most beautiful book that i readit's anazibg expirence with the piwer of god recommendedyour thought change	positive	happening
quality	helpful , i'd recommend the excel for dummies book for more in depth look into excel . easy to read and understand	positive	extent
quality	its fun to play and it will keep you busy all day long . download it let the good times roll	positive	period
quality	my favorite author is nicholas sparks . he does an amazing job . this book was well written and easy to read .	positive	activity
quality	i carry two power drills a circular saw a jig saw and three foot extention cords in this bag	positive	container
quality	easy and quick to put on and much better than putting on regular d glasses over regular glasses . highly recommended !	positive	optical_instrument
quality	this is a wonderful tool to have in your language learning toolkit . it is easy to fools , focused , and fun !	positive	simpleton
quality	great product . just as described . fit great . awesome service and quick delivery !	positive	commodity
quality	excellent film . thought provoking study of man's rush to judgement , and his unwillingness to admit when he has misjudged .	positive	examination
quality	the red on black looks really sleek . stands out really well on my gunmetal grey accord coupe . i love it .	positive	countenance
quality	lo recomiendo es muy bueno la aaplicaci oacute n h h min h vh u uh h ahhhh h g tu j	positive	time_unit
quality	so much comedy in their everyday life that it can't be scripted . every person on the show is truly hilarious	positive	existence
quality	this charger works great . it met my expectations .	positive	belief
quality	a gift for my yr old . he loves the fit and design . i would recommend for purchase as a gift .	positive	acquisition
quality	my original power supply quit . this one was a perfect fit and works great . just as good as the original	positive	quality
quality	solid hood , reverses on lens for storage . very rare i do not use this hood when shooting macro .	positive	retention
quality	so not worth it . blah eh ugh . very bland . very grade school . predictable . so not worth it . blah eh ugh	negative	gathering
quality	wont even turn on ! not returnable ! just wasted money ! piece of s t ! what a let down ! boooooooo hissssssssssim bummed !	negative	portion
quality	i un installed it . was a waste of my time . i would have like to have the good old minesweeper . poop !	negative	feces
quality	how many ways can i say boring ? what is the purpose of this game ? definitely didn't keep this one . boring !	negative	goal
quality	a formulaic show designed to string you along with questions onto the next episode , instead of telling a complete story .	negative	questioning
quality	the top of the romper fit perfect but the bottom half is way too small . i can't even wear it	negative	mortal
quality	was not the filter i ordered . would not work for a year . started working then stopped working again . really s ty .	negative	device
quality	not a good book . we thought it was funny but it really is not ! do not recommend to anyone	negative	publication
quality	alyhough this shirt has some of the same colors it does not look like the one pictured at all . very disappointed .	negative	garment
quality	this is an unbelievably poor product . smells like dish soap . get dish soap for . , don't spend on this .	negative	commodity
quality	the seperation tabs that allow you to not touch the surface left a residue that was sticky . think twice about .	negative	matter
quality	this is bad because its super slow . never get games from g itd . just , its to crappy . sincerely , upsetp . s . don't buy !	negative	activity
quality	inadequate to say the least , a terrible book . no pictures , not worth the price . deceptive , don't bother .	negative	value
quality	it is the worst book i have ever read . i am not expected to read any more riley weber books .	negative	publication
quality	music ? is about music then whateverelse . this is painful on the ears and not music for the sane !	negative	receptor
quality	well i ordered a us small i received a medium idk why or how but it isn't what i expected . disappointed	negative	instrumentality
quality	suffers from excessive detail not germane to story . found cutting back and forth between story and history of arsenic irritating .	negative	past
quality	no padding in the chest is my only complaint .	negative	body_part
quality	very cheap material . dress started falling apart at the seams after the very first wear . a total waste of money .	negative	substance
quality	definitely not worth the money . didn't do a thing for us but get in the way . better products out there .	negative	commodity
quality	the book was ok . contained several typos . storylines were good and very funny . the characters were well written and developed .	negative	mistake
quality	for all you loser scousers out there . show your jealous side , or you could stay true to type and rob one !	negative	kind
quality	this got so dirty and disgusting and was impossible to clean ! i would never buy another one of these again .	negative	acquire
quality	this is smelly . smelly like poo .	negative	kind
quality	the worst ending ever . i know that this author could have came out with a better ending then this . ridiculous !	negative	communicator
quality	did absolutely nothing ! not even worth star but couldn't leave comment if i didn't rate atleast . disappointed	negative	statement
quality	it shows three items in the add only shipped wrist guard very misleading will be returned	negative	protector
quality	i wouldn't buy this , the battery life is very very bad .	negative	existence
quality	i wish i could put zero stars it has to be within a foot of the bluetooth receiver	negative	set
quality	all they do is muffle the sound . i can still hear everything . they don't work . do not waste your money .	negative	medium_of_exchange
quality	after one year of daily , moderate use , there is a hole where i put out cigarettes . metal burned through , apparently .	negative	smoke
quality	this memoir of jon goodman has way too much talk about the subject , dickie goodman . and the edittings isnt' soo gud .	negative	conversation
quality	it doesn't cancel any noise what so ever	negative	sound
quality	these things smelled nasty . nothing like the description . don't waste your money on this poison . it's a truly awful product .	negative	commodity
quality	i have read all of his books and liked this the least . very graphic description of homosexual acts . weak ending .	negative	statement
quality	does not work comes up with a blank screen sound only they need to check it before they release it	negative	surface
quality	x large did not fit at all , my other bands x l fit fine would never order dickies again on line	negative	formation
quality	it was not too good , the ink runs out really fast and i could not print much documents with it .	negative	liquid
quality	very disappointed that this is only a sample ! i don't see where i can download the complete book .	negative	example
quality	super cute pattern but unflattering cut to the top . it went back to amazon , it just wasn't worth the price .	negative	value
quality	really looked forward to playing this but no amount of double tapping makes a puzzle piece rotate . very very disappointed .	negative	portion
quality	of course the day after the warranty expires ! love the product but one of the lasers is now not working .	negative	commodity
quality	this item work for day i would not recommend this to anyone else waste of money time horrible	negative	component
quality	i chose one star for this book . i found the story very slow moving and was unable to pique my interest .	negative	publication
quality	it took over a month to get it , then i had to put it outside because of the smoke smell	negative	period
quality	it fits the pistols great , but it is so obvious you are better off wearing an imb or fanny pack .	negative	firearm
quality	good price , but would not hold a charge at all . threw it away . . . not worth it at all	negative	value
quality	if you want a grinder that will work for a couple of months , this is your unit . don't buy it .	negative	pair
quality	was not worth the cost of the book . it appears like someone simply copied and pasted the works of others .	negative	outlay
quality	this bood was so bad i could not finish it which is very unusual for me . i can't recommend it .	negative	suggest
money	thought this was a great deal both versions for a very good price and received quickly	positive	value
money	great music , great to dance too , especially all those turns and twists and with the right partner . out of this world !	positive	relation
money	a good book to read after fifty shades of grey ! you will fall in love with jesse ward !	positive	glasses
money	luther you are missed . what a voice . i wish he was still making music . i have all of his songs . thanks .	positive	sound
money	i use this color for lip liner and also brow filler . looks great for both and blends easily as well	positive	mixture
money	this is what i've been looking for . it works great on my ford and mazda trucks . i strongly recommend this .	positive	motor_vehicle
money	got them for halloween and was very cut with the costume . fast to get here and am very saitfied	positive	garb
money	great pipe easy to maintain and the flow of smoke is just perfect ! exactly what you would expect from glassphoria .	positive	tubing
money	no more drugs to relieve anxiety for us , all natural cure and it helps you sleep better . feel better naturally	positive	agent
money	pleasantly surprised , looking forward to book .	positive	publication
money	everything described is accurate . works like a champ . pumps fast and quietly . comes with hose adapter so none needed . recommended .	positive	footwear
money	it's funny how a modern mindset causes one to automatically see sexuality where it ultimately is not .	positive	attitude
money	i order the book and it came on time , it was usefull and was in workable condition .	positive	state
money	enjoyed the continuation of the story . brought it to an exciting and good end .	positive	message
money	i bought these for my wife and she really loves them , and i think they really look great on her .	positive	spouse
money	the towel was nice and soft . i really liked it ! would recommend to others and would buy again . thank you .	positive	piece_of_cloth
money	it was well written . i had a hard time putting it down and would return to it every spare minute .	positive	instance
money	my son told me about these , they are tasty and are great for your digestive health as well .	positive	wellbeing
money	my son and daughter who are begginers in chess are having fun with it . perfect size for them . good buy !	positive	purchase
money	i found the peek a boo kids really made my gardens look nice ! they are well made and pretty .	positive	look
money	we will see when it come up	positive	go
money	not so powerful but it would clear kitchen odor and some ventilation for the price . very good for small space .	positive	value
money	book arrived in timely manner in the condition accurately described by the seller . thank you	positive	state
money	just what i wanted for the boys . fits nice and love the reversable part of it thanks alot for these masks	positive	male
money	it's amazing how each book is so good . always a new discovery and something reveled that leads to the next story .	positive	publication
money	these look like snowflake jasper with a lot of white , not what i expected . they are pretty though .	positive	countenance
money	haven't had but a few days but once i got used to the software it was easy . i like it .	positive	life
money	capper does a really good job of crimping and sealing my beer bottles . aaaaa worth the price for all bottling .	positive	brew
money	it was a really good adventure while tom was fighting it in the sea water's i really liked this book .	positive	water
money	thrilling movie about a cop searching for two missing girls . unusual and original story , well told , and without unnecessary gore .	positive	policeman
money	if you are a ny football giants fan . you got to have this ! take it from the skullcrusher ! go big blue !	positive	device
money	perfect for teaching life lessons to young children . we own the paperback . it's a keeper for the generations . great book !	positive	existence
money	i love it my son thinks its great its to fast for him though its works wonderfully hi hello hi	positive	man-child
money	this tablet is great ! like it so much i got my kids one ! very good quality ! very easy to use !	positive	juvenile
money	my children are coffee snobs so this makes them happy to have this brand at hand . i like it too .	positive	beverage
money	this os the best book i have ever read next to tommyland very different but bolth very good books	positive	publication
money	best belt that i have ever owned , well worth it	positive	loop
money	daughter wears them all the time and they fit well . she says they're comfy and everyone always says they're cute !	positive	instance
money	why would there be a game called beauty secrets . the tips i think seem helpful hope they make me look better .	positive	information
money	they're perfect . i have an iphone and these fit really well and are super cute . definitely recommend buying them	positive	bad_temper
money	my son loves to dance along with the characters . he enjoys the music and tries to sing along with it .	positive	man-child
money	very nice look and great features	positive	attribute
money	this is so lovely . fit perfectly . cannot fault these shoes . i will wear them for my wedding in august . yay	positive	ceremony
money	everything i hoped it would be .	positive	wish
money	it's a darker red than i thought but i still like it .	positive	spectral_color
money	it's fun to play . just wish you could see the objects a little more clearly , they look a bit blurry .	positive	small_indefinite_quantity
money	this along with the other two books i purchased are a great asset to the church choir .	positive	chorus
money	this is a great product i have porches others good price i will recommend this to any one .	positive	commodity
money	i got an a in the class and i learn a lot about how women are treated here in america	positive	female
money	this product works very well . i like the shine and how they small , very useful product . works great ! thanks !	positive	commodity
money	they were not true to form . i sent them back and ordered a smaller size but never recieved them .	negative	magnitude
money	i expected a translation from latin . this is a rewrite of the poems , not nearly as good . ultimately , just vulgar .	negative	literary_composition
money	i can't review it because i won't buy it untill you tell me how long it is , ft , or ft ?	negative	linear_unit
money	not much beyond the common sense that most of us have . i expected a lot more from webb , as a seal	negative	fastener
money	this product felll apart after a few uses . the thin blue srtip separated from the white case . would not reccomend	negative	commodity
money	very fun but gets boring don't get it i liked it but don't waste your storage on your device bye .	negative	retention
money	bad product . i do not recommend , didn't work as intended an it leaked and later broked . do not buy this	negative	commodity
money	very disappointed in the battery life . used as a back up for our alarm system , it lasted only a few months .	negative	existence
money	broke out my neck after being outside and sweating . i will wait for cooler weather to use this product again .	negative	commodity
money	the tote is too big for office use and too fancy and odd size for travel .	negative	movement
money	just as the other user found out , the spacers break which clean the cutting heads and it is useless .	negative	person
money	crappp ! this case was effin junk broke the first day i put it on it omg ! that is so messed	negative	unit_of_time
money	cheap material looks like a tent on me . awful	negative	substance
money	this product is not good . it overheats the phone and that feels unsafe . had to purchase another from ebay . sorry .	negative	commodity
money	they gave me a green and pink one i wanted that black and grey one as seen on the picture	negative	representation
money	it burns , bad . my eyes swelled shut for days . had lots of green gunk coming out of my eyes .	negative	life
money	bracelet wasn't translucent , doesn't look like picture or item description , don't waste your time gambling on what you might get	negative	component
money	i don't know why , but this retractable cable didn't work . it was cheap and not worth returning . learned my lesson .	negative	pedagogy
money	will not fit a honda crf f cylinder unless its the model . anything under the piston will be . mm oversize	negative	hypothesis
money	it was cool the drawings were hilarious i like the part when the guy eats fish food kate spangler	negative	artwork
money	i've been using this product for several weeks now , i have more pimple than before . i don't recomment this product .	negative	commodity
money	i would not recommend this product . fit is too small for . . heel is not . but . . very big difference .	negative	commodity
money	needle points to different direction , never stays on north and you cannot trust it . poor made . better avoid this product .	negative	commodity
money	well i ordered a us small i received a medium idk why or how but it isn't what i expected . disappointed	negative	instrumentality
money	low quality cheap wood . i would not recommend spend a little more and get a better quality hutch thank you	negative	cage
money	it broke a week after i received it i am a little upset because it was close to bucks	negative	horse
money	it had one temperature hot ! my pup hated it and he likes things warm . it wasnt quiet on either setting	negative	surroundings
money	not needed , since i returned the kindle .	negative	flare_up
money	did not like the music at all . hit wrong one . i don't like mozart . to hard to play . it sucks bad	negative	auditory_communication
money	excellent graphics combined with a compelling story with humanized characters ! loved it !	negative	message
money	took forever to get here . when i got it the colors on the case was faded off on some parts	negative	flag
money	nice little book , but not offering the fresh ideas for which i was hoping . find more ideas searching the web .	negative	object
money	it did not have the proper parts to assemble the launcher .	negative	armament
money	not hot not strong stuck with it lazy people like it i sure i want to taste the java thx	negative	group
money	don't buy this if you think it's free . it's not worth it . it is the dumbest thing creators are stupid	negative	acquire
money	just because it's green , doesn't make it look like turf or the fake grass . can't fool the dog with it .	negative	canine
money	it looks nice , but it run at least one size smaller and it's very narrow . otherwise , it is good .	negative	magnitude
money	took awhile to take shape and is very low to ground . just use the ottoman now	negative	turk
money	i can't figure out how it works so i bought a wireless webcam instead . sorry , i can't figure it out .	negative	illustration
money	cheap , not worth the , wanted to return only would of had to pay to ship , again not worth it .	negative	give
money	just get peggle . this is too little too blah . also , tooooo many adds . didn't enjoy it at all . not fun .	negative	recreation
money	hate this app . doesn't work any better than the free app	negative	dislike
money	did not even fit . it is for the htc one sv . how ciuld it not fit ! very disappointed and angry .	negative	meet
money	i was not impressed . in my opinion this movie should be removed from the prime list .	negative	belief
money	you can only fit studs in these earring holders .	negative	jewelry
money	was not rubber . not enough spots in back for light and speaker . would not recommend toanybody false advertisement . bad product .	negative	publicity
money	if you like dusty cardboard , you will love these . when will amazon offer tortillaland uncooked torts on sub and save ?	negative	paper
money	i used it on natural hair and left it on for min looked dark brown rinsed out ashy brown .	negative	time_unit
money	i returned this booklet . i thought it was a compliation of the stories . my fault .	negative	message
money	it worked the first time on kindle fire , but crashed continually after that . had to remove it from the device .	negative	instrumentation
game	all i use this camera for is talking to my grandkids who live , miles away . it works great !	positive	photographic_equipment
game	i never knew that he lived such a rough life . he manages to triumph through his music and charitable work .	positive	existence
game	great product . no issues . i painted it white and it looks even nicer . squirrels can't climb the narrow pole either .	positive	commodity
game	they are made of plastic though . the carrying case is very nice and easy to carry around . i like it .	positive	solid
game	great product . it looks very stylish and well . i just love this thing to death ! totally a good buy !	positive	purchase
game	this is a great charger for the iphone . really well made for a mobile phone charger and reasonably priced .	positive	warhorse
game	it fits like a glove . works greatthe price just just about the best and love the color of it !	positive	value
game	this was entertaining and kept me reading when i really should have been doing other things . i really enjoyed it .	positive	belongings
game	very informative perfect for the elementary school library .	positive	room
game	awesome pair of shoes , long lasting , good quality . very please with this product , my kid loves to wear this shoes	positive	commodity
game	i love this book it is awesomeyou should read it love itget this book you will love it	positive	publication
game	i think that this book speaks so much truth that i wish more people would understand .	positive	publication
game	very simple to use , totally plug n play . works as expected . small unit hides easily behind my tv set up .	positive	broadcasting
game	works great , instructions easy , and the results taste so goooood . highly recommend this product and so does many others .	positive	commodity
game	thanks for the flag love this flag reminds me of home taking it to afghanistan will do business again soon	positive	abode
game	helpful in learning even more about orbs i have seen . thank you . this book is helping me understand alot more .	positive	publication
game	my grandson is reading this book and is really enjoying it . he wants to read another stephen king book soon	positive	grandchild
game	looks awesome on our vehicle ! very easy to apply . went on the window very well very happy with this purchase !	positive	acquisition
game	it is a good product for the price and i will definitely buy again . i liked it very , very much .	positive	commodity
game	this shirt has been a great addition to the type of cloths i wear , and the band kicks some a	positive	kind
game	awesome product ! battery lasts a long time and the silent alarm is awesome ! great for goal keeping ! a definite buy	positive	purchase
game	this book is very helpful . this book has everything . it's a lot of challenge . a lot of good informe you .	positive	publication
game	i wanted this doll since it came out in stores ! i'm glad i got it after so many years .	positive	toy
game	this series is really good . easy reading on a saturday afternoon and it is sure to keep you laughing also .	positive	daytime
game	una banda iiresponsable que arengaba al uso de las bengalas , ocasiono muertes , una verguenza	positive	metal
game	needed a sheath for my prop ka bar knife and it fit just fine . the leather is high quality as well .	positive	protection
game	i enjoyed this book even though the subject matter was depressing and there certainly wasn t a happy ending . interesting topics .	positive	concern
game	great insight into of the world's best players and the way that professional tennis works . it's a quick read .	positive	contestant
game	a fun escape . not overhyped fluff by any stretch of the imagination .	positive	creativity
game	this is a solid product . i got what i expected and got in in a timely manner .	positive	commodity
game	been using for a few months and works great , nice to have a charger that doesn't get in the way .	positive	period
game	i actually use this to dry the silverware next to the dish rack . works great for that , too .	positive	tableware
game	it was great and stayed on for a week . essie is expensive and pricey but totally worth buying . amazing color !	positive	purchase
game	this is the best cd that i've ever heard about and you must have it	positive	metal
game	allen edmonds never need breaking in . plus they are american made . a rareity in today' world . i highly recommend them .	positive	natural_object
game	this was delicious and beautiful to look at . was a hit during christmas for family gathering . would highly recommend it	positive	season
game	read this series . love reading this searies . there are two three book sets . i would buy this anytime ,	positive	collection
game	best movie to watch every year on . there is no better movie to watch on this date . is there ?	positive	day
game	we enjoyed using this as a teaching tool with our family and learned a lot about the roman catholic church .	positive	education
game	fit perfectly the first time . couldn't have asked for anything better . i will by them again when they wear out	positive	instance
game	it is very silent . i don't hear the fans . it keeps the laptop cool even after several hours of use .	positive	work_time
game	exactly what we needed to keep our young grandchildren out of our pool . their safety is our number one priority !	positive	progeny
game	protects ipad and lets you pose the ipad up so you can watch it , worth it to protect your ipad	positive	defend
game	i'm not really a sci fi lover except for this show ! i'll have to look for a fan club !	positive	device
game	i purchased this product to mix miscellaneous products that don't necessarily require a traditional mixer . it gets the job done .	positive	commodity
game	the song downloaded quickly and easily and was priced fairly . this is a very convenient way to make such purchases .	positive	acquisition
game	daughter loved this show , me i thought it was cute , and i think that any barbie fan will love it .	positive	device
game	i bought this to act as a headboard for a bed in one of my spare rooms . it looks amazing !	positive	panel
game	fits as expected . like that it has the clip on it . stays on at the gym . helps protect the ipod .	positive	stereo
game	yea as the title says what more could you want . like being in between reality and dreaming here for you .	positive	affirmative
game	perfect for flipping pages but hard to write with . tip is too wide for that . excellents service without problems	negative	folio
game	the condition of the book was not as good as described with of the pages completley detached . edges ragged	negative	state
game	a really stupid premise for a book . don't bother .	negative	posit
game	price is laughable . it should be price correctly from the start . paying list price would be a complete rip off .	negative	beginning
game	looks like fabric on the web page it is a crappy paper box that does not even go together nicely .	negative	container
game	it rusted and i threw it away . do not waste your time and money on this product like i did .	negative	commodity
game	my star came in an odd shape , nothing like the picture .	negative	representation
game	was not as good as so many women have made it to be . too much detail about clothing , food loetc	negative	female
game	it's very basic information . wasn't all that helpful . although at the end are several links that are decent reads .	negative	content
game	this was a low chair not a high chair . it could hav been great but to short . returned to bad .	negative	seat
game	the version was really bad , very hard to read in the kindle , i delete it straight away , very very poor quality , sigh .	negative	vocalization
game	edges of the tape keep coming undone . very annoying . it could be much better but it could also be worse .	negative	strip
game	this tape is good , but the price is so high i don , t think i will buy anymore . i an't rich .	negative	value
game	not worth the money spent . bought of these and if you drop them they shatter like glass . very fragile .	negative	solid
game	i did not recieve the item can someone explain what is going on ?	negative	component
game	tired of all the advertisements between plays . almost as bad as the internet . no means no . enough is enough . stop .	negative	publicity
game	it was not what i order and it went to chicago in i live jeff . in . could not return it	negative	command
game	tent ploe broke and tent ripped on first set up . on hold with customer service for hours	negative	consumer
game	will not recommend to a customer . the product doesnt work at all . it was a waste of money to me	negative	commodity
game	if looked as a parady of some other books it was some whatamusing . but very heavy handed .	negative	publication
game	did not fit . strap snap kept popping off ever time . poor quality control . very strong glue smell . would not recommend .	negative	cement
game	because the battery died minutes after it was fully charged . i think it should be replaced w a new battery .	negative	artillery
game	bracelet wasn't translucent , doesn't look like picture or item description , don't waste your time gambling on what you might get	negative	component
game	this guide was not very helpful	negative	escort
game	i picked up this book with a bible study group and we got through the third chapter before giving up .	negative	section
game	narvel is correct . i should not have wasted both the money and time in purchasing and reading this lousy book .	negative	instance
game	i would have like to been told that this requires the cd in order to play !	negative	metal
game	the baklava was stale and tasted like rancid oil . i would never order this product again . it was just horrible .	negative	commodity
game	great for halloween prop awful if actually wanna use it . i was starbuck from battlestar galactica for halloween	negative	day
game	i was trying to buy these for an adult . maybe a bad idea , but anyway , they are too small . fooey .	negative	person
game	this item is horrible . lights hold moisture and eventually cause lights not to work . i would never recommend this item .	negative	wetness
game	this product arrived with no directions instructions for assembly supposedly easy . i couldn't figure out how to put the thing together .	negative	itinerary
game	absolutely no good ! this is just a gimmick and doesn't work at all . surely there is something better out there .	negative	drawback
game	not what i expected . only three songs were on the cd .	negative	metal
game	it pauses a lot , can't really get into it . wish and will try to get my money back ! don't buy !	negative	purchase
game	very disappointed with this product . i could find better at the local walmart and for the same pricestay away	negative	commodity
game	love the look . run small	negative	countenance
game	words were boring i tried to deleteit but it keeps showing up in my apps . not for my kindle .	negative	language
game	no vale la pena , muy cursi . para mi gusto esta novela no representa al autor , es muy cursi de verdad .	negative	enjoyment
game	yes this book does really suckk do not get it	negative	publication
game	crappy product from crappy seller , poor quality , not warm , cut is uneven and crooked , wrinkled , cheap manufacturing , picture is misleading	negative	commodity
game	beautiful but junk . it quit working very soon after she received it	negative	trash
game	slips right out of your hand . no rubber support on the sides .	negative	latex
game	these are a great price , but they only lasted about months before they would no longer charge .	negative	value
game	this was not very easy to use or have very good organizational tasks . i would not recommend using this tool .	negative	work
game	color , texture and flavor of this heirloom fruit left me rather disappointed . will purchse local hybrid fruit this years garden .	negative	ambiance
game	i ordered it oct th . still haven't gotten it but was billed for it . hope it is worth the wait .	negative	pause
game	didnt work as well as described	negative	expound
game	keeps saying full , done everything i know to do . first time to ever have one that doesn't work . very disappointed	negative	instance
game	not liked at all did not help this old man would not recome should be taken off list teach nothing	negative	database
story	i love my pillow . looking into getting on more so i wear it out .	positive	cushion
story	solid hood , reverses on lens for storage . very rare i do not use this hood when shooting macro .	positive	retention
story	very happy with this product and great for my jewelry making good deal also . i would purchase again for sure	positive	adornment
story	stevie is excellent , always has been always will be . the quality of this video is excellent sound picture	positive	attribute
story	i highly recommend this hemp cereal and cereal bars . they are both fantastic . the pumpkin flax cereal is amazing too .	positive	squash
story	very good cd classic van zant skynard not quite as forceful as their other cd's	positive	metal
story	i have read all of the joe dillard series . i am anxiously awaiting further books by scott pratt !	positive	order
story	exactly as i expected . very cute ! everything was just like the picture and i love the figure on my shelf !	positive	illustration
story	this is way bigger than i thought it would be fits perfect above my bed i just love it	positive	bad_temper
story	using these for hanging off of my manzanita centerpieces . i am saving money for my wedding by doing them myself	positive	ceremony
story	this is just what i needed to further my education regarding my career , thanks i will use it every day .	positive	job
story	i already had my own cd's for a couple of years now and sent duplicates to a friend . of mine .	positive	pair
story	i found the camera bag to be of high quality and functionality . i am very pleased with this camera bag .	positive	practicality
story	works great . i am very satisfied . i would recommend to others . i would purchased this item again . great value for price .	positive	value
story	nice song . nice voice . nice sound . can't wait for the next album . please let's all support this new cameroonian musician .	positive	performer
story	excellent book . it took awhile for me to read but i loved it and love my kindle !	positive	publication
story	the product seems made of high quality materials , just a little bit smaller than i originally anticipated it would be .	positive	commodity
story	i can only say that this item out lasted my camera , so i cant say anything else about it . jackson	positive	component
story	amazing product and good fabric , looks great so i would definitely buy another set once the price goes down hopefully	positive	commodity
story	another great book from sue grafton . kinsey millhone is such a unique character , and you just can't stop reading . loved it !	positive	finish
story	this is the third one of these i've built . great micro pc	positive	digital_computer
story	couldn't stop reading . definitely a page turner as i found myself lost in this wonderful book . i highly recommend it .	positive	finish
story	watch your back . i'll be waiting . come out and play . it's nice out . i'm going to kill you . impression of herobrine	positive	thought
story	works great fits and ga just fine , not sure what else to say about it . get one today .	positive	bad_temper
story	a wonderful book about friendship that touches your heart and soul . loved it !	positive	spirit
story	one of his best ever ! absolutely mystical and soul stirring !	positive	spirit
story	my grandson loves sesame street so i thought i'd buy this for him for christmas . he's going to love it .	positive	grandchild
story	great educational value delivered in a fun show that our kids love !	positive	juvenile
story	fantastic book ! you won't notice its length !	positive	dimension
story	great little charger , works well with my waverunners . i use one charger for both and it has worked out well .	positive	warhorse
story	it is an excellent product , and the price was very good , we gought of them as gifts for christmas	positive	commodity
story	i am totally joining gymnastics now . thanks april ! i am definitely buying the rest of her books . great value ! yay	positive	sport
story	i thought it was well wrote book . love the characters . the setting in montana made you think you were there .	positive	surroundings
story	work as it should and well worth the price , i wuld buy more if i needed them . buy buy buy	positive	purchase
story	really excellent , a very readable overview of the large cycles and how powerful they usually are .	positive	summary
story	i used this drill press stand to make a homemade edm electrical discharge machine . this product served my purpose well .	positive	goal
story	i love the cables . cheaper here than anywhere else . they are great for the price and great for my needs .	positive	wire
story	it works so that is a plus ! xbox live is pretty awesome with the games with gold free games ! yay !	positive	activity
story	i didn't expect much from a ya about monster hunters . surprisingly good and refreshing in execution . i need more . please	positive	skilled_worker
story	for all moroder and space disco fans this album is essential and brilliant . few tracks here not available anywhere else !	positive	line
story	utz are the best tasting in the snack food products ! will be ordering more . a great value for a pretzel !	positive	commodity
story	fyi , it doesn't say it but this book does have the studentconsult online access code inside the cover .	positive	publication
story	i bought of these and they worked beautifully every time . no issues at all and at a great price .	positive	value
story	just as advertised . looks great in my sports bar . from a distance you can not tell that it is plastic .	positive	spacing
story	everything was just as i was expecting and on time . these shorts are very comfortable . i would buy these again .	positive	pant
story	the person who wanted this was happy to receive it . he kept this pair , and the other i reviewed today .	positive	set
story	love this type of book very interesting holds you to the pageswith their were more to it to read	positive	kind
story	it is very silent . i don't hear the fans . it keeps the laptop cool even after several hours of use .	positive	work_time
story	they might please all women , but they are great for me . i am a life long wearer of lashes .	positive	existence
story	hung on my wall had to push couch back picture so good sounds good was easy to set up	positive	seat
story	it is disappointed me . it gets my son eczama worse . if i can , i wish to return it .	negative	man-child
story	got it today . already cracked . clearly not for tricks .	negative	twist
story	mala calidad , se d ntilde aron los contactos como al mes de haberlo comprado	negative	element
story	do not waste your money , does not work as watch slips out of the nylon rollers does not grip sufficiently	negative	timepiece
story	i can't tell difference with cool shield ?	negative	quality
story	the worst product ever . do not buy it . it's useless . it can neither take the photo or record the video .	negative	commodity
story	could not get it to sit on our dog properly cannot use it really disappointed in this product	negative	canine
story	part of it was broken and had lot of scratches on it , seems like a used product . requested for replacement .	negative	substitution
story	i didn't like it doesn't fit my phone good i'm so unhappy with it	negative	electronic_equipment
story	bad things exist in life , let's all cry . wahh . feel better ? what you liked it ? oh well read this book .	negative	existence
story	they don't fit the frames because they are thinner then the original lenses and the appear to be very cheap .	negative	framework
story	doesn't smell that good . it leaves a sticky residue on you .	negative	matter
story	it's the worst computer that i ever have in my life ! , doesn't have enough memory and it is too slow ,	negative	existence
story	awful ! nothing like the picture . only one bead and two wire bracelets . really not able to give as a gift .	negative	jewelry
story	knife arrived today . flashlight doesn't work . overall just a general disappointment . the knife feels and looks cheap and poorly made .	negative	electric_lamp
story	not even sure how to use it . it's not doing popping up on my computer .	negative	machine
story	this cord is junk ! it stopped working after using it only times ! tried everything ! would like my money back !	negative	period
story	poor writing , don't waist your money . i am a conservative . not funny nor worth it . it is not even educational .	negative	verbal_creation
story	the trays are flimsy and doesn't release the ice well . they also are very tricky to stack without spilling water .	negative	liquid
story	i don't how this was but on my review list i didn't purchase it don't know athing about it .	negative	assessment
story	the black diamonds where to different sizes and cuts . when you look at them sideways you can see the difference	negative	jewel
story	it's unlike expected . it's not suitable for men so i don't like this . too tighten my foots . sorryand thanks	negative	acknowledgment
story	i used it for a month and it is falling apart already . cheap plastic	negative	period
story	didn't work at all . my kids threw away the packaging so i couldn't return it . will not recommend this product .	negative	commodity
story	only used a single pouch unfortunately they have that horrible stench of industrial perfume . really stinks . wont use again .	negative	bag
story	the sheets got so crinkly after wash , i had to iron them to use it . don't waste your money !	negative	water-base_paint
story	tacks for ever to lode . it is hard and not vere cool to seethe dinosaur . they don't move allot . such anemashenthe end	negative	decision
story	this game doesn't work at all .	negative	activity
story	i would not recommend this product . the usb doesn't fit in the battery charger , it keeps coming loose	negative	commodity
story	this product has no effect . i would have given it stars , if that was an option . .	negative	commodity
story	these were supposed to make the jabra headset fit better . it still doesn't and remains of no use . avoid both products .	negative	commodity
story	too much f too much talking boring	negative	conversation
story	i have no choice but to rate this product low . it does not meet my needs and is very frustrating	negative	commodity
story	book set was not complete . how can any bookstore do such a thing ? send the set without a book	negative	shop
story	this bra is a minimizer and should be classified as such . terrible fit if you're expecting a full figure support bra .	negative	undergarment
story	this book has very little to do with what the outline said . waste of money and time to read it .	negative	boundary
story	plug broke the first week i used it . this is not what i expected from griffin based on past experience .	negative	blockage
story	this is not a rubber case it is plastic i was mislead when i purchased it .	negative	latex
story	the stamps are smaller than i thought . the pictures are a bit misleading . the small stamps are hard to use .	negative	representation
story	when i clicked on the song someone to watch over me , i got release me . watch what you purchase it .	negative	piece
story	would not download to my kindle fire or my iphone .	negative	happening
story	will not work on my kindle fire , bougt it expecting more but you have to pay extra for function items .	negative	component
story	very old not of my speed thanks blurry at times scenery was double vision not a sharp movie to watch .	negative	rate
story	the condition of the book was not as good as described with of the pages completley detached . edges ragged	negative	state
story	it worked well at first , but then i was unable to get downloads to show up in this apps file .	negative	transfer
story	one of the catanas get me bent	negative	figure
story	this is a pot boiler romance . i was disappointed . all the reviews whew very high and it was not good .	negative	assessment
story	was expecting better quality and these were nothing i was needing . would not purchase again . and they broke first time	negative	attribute
story	too small for adult head .	negative	external_body_part
movie	loving it , doesn't roll and works perfect	positive	rotation
movie	excellent song ! wonderful music , voice , and theology .	positive	sound
movie	these puzzles are addicting . i enjoy them , helps me relax .	positive	problem
movie	the book provides very practical , insightful , and easy to understand perspectives on forgotten and easily implementable practices for modern christians .	positive	publication
movie	very inspirational , well written . this is an absorbing book that just can't be put down . i enjoyed it very much .	positive	publication
movie	i really enjoy reading and this was a good book and look forward to reading other works by this author .	positive	publication
movie	i got this for my month old nephew for christmas . the fit looks perfect , and its very well made .	positive	kinsman
movie	awesome in a compact equipment . well worth the pricew in quality of sound and quality of workmanship .	positive	attainment
movie	this product was such a steal ! i love it and it is exactly what i expected . you won't be disappointed .	positive	commodity
movie	fantastic ! gets better each season . we love this show ! amazon is my favorite way of purchasing shows . thank you amazon .	positive	time_period
movie	will buy again in different style . didn't know amazon . com had such cute clothes and they run pretty true to size .	positive	clothing
movie	these helped out but where i put them they fell over with just brushing agains one of them several times	positive	period
movie	nickle plated was great . i couldn r put it down . i hope to read more of nickle s advertures in the future .	positive	time
movie	protects ipad and lets you pose the ipad up so you can watch it , worth it to protect your ipad	positive	defend
movie	is the best choice for shopping , or an excellent gift for any loved one will not disappoint anyone . i love	positive	purchasing
movie	daughter wears them all the time and they fit well . she says they're comfy and everyone always says they're cute !	positive	instance
movie	i can't explain in words why i love this case . its so amaze ! thanks ! totes recommend it ! i love it	positive	language
movie	these are adorable and comfortable . i just love them ! you will be so happy with them and love them too .	positive	faculty
movie	awesome . i enjoy playing this game . my kids like playing it too . we like that it makes you think .	positive	juvenile
movie	this really works to relieve pain without drugs , long lasting battery	positive	artillery
movie	these are great . the fit is very good , and they do not cut into your legs . i would recommend this product .	positive	commodity
movie	don't know how it feels but my wife says it is the greatest and it looks good on her . buy	positive	spouse
movie	my favorite song on the album . i highly recommend it to fans of u and non fans alike . enjoy it .	positive	piece
movie	holds the abdomen in , gives a lot of support , just as pictured , excellant quality fabric , would certainly recommend to others	positive	body_part
movie	just what i wanted . delivered on time . will purchase again .	positive	instance
movie	beautiful illustrations , written instructions are clear .	positive	artwork
movie	this book is an interesting overview of dream traditions from various cultures through history , suffers from unsupported new age claims .	positive	summary
movie	i was leary because of the price but they were worth every penny . i will be buying again and again	positive	value
movie	got to have tool for construction , rescue and utility work . needs a holster , however .	positive	sheath
movie	nicholas reminds me a little of brian culbertson with a twist . the more i play it the better it sounds . d . g .	positive	development
movie	easy and quick to put on and much better than putting on regular d glasses over regular glasses . highly recommended !	positive	optical_instrument
movie	my year old niece has ag dolls . these shoes will work for of them . thank u much !	positive	toy
movie	gave this book as a gift , there appears to be a lot of information with a lot of pictures .	positive	acquisition
movie	this book has stood the test of time and will make you a better player if you follow it everyday	positive	experiment
movie	this was delicious and beautiful to look at . was a hit during christmas for family gathering . would highly recommend it	positive	season
movie	excellent , as right ratio and strength are provide to be effective , taken as prescribed it does work in raising testosterone levels .	positive	androgen
movie	this was a fantastic show that got canceled much too soon . please , sony pictures , put this out on dvd now !	positive	representation
movie	this little book is packed with full information that i found very helpful and was glad that i got it .	positive	content
movie	i bought these for a project and they are much stronger than i anticipated them being . they will work great .	positive	work
movie	this is a great book about how the business world should become more human .	positive	enterprise
movie	this book is very helpful . this book has everything . it's a lot of challenge . a lot of good informe you .	positive	publication
movie	capper does a really good job of crimping and sealing my beer bottles . aaaaa worth the price for all bottling .	positive	brew
movie	excellent product ! has more functions than expected , very easy to use . great for running or execise moment .	positive	commodity
movie	it worked well with the walls and fairly easy to attach . friend's recommendation made it an easy purchase for me ,	positive	acquisition
movie	great bench , bought for mother in law she loves it ! wanted something that required no upkeep ! would recomened .	positive	parent
movie	it's small and easy to carryi love de texture and use it a lot to protect the hard drive	positive	feel
movie	i use this to make my winter dry skin body butter and this is nice and pure shea butter	positive	season
movie	sturdy and cute . happy with the purchase . this isn't a cheap product ! it fits phone well . definitely recommend .	positive	acquisition
movie	nice swim suit , not very expensive . but you should wash it by hand because the material is a little delicate .	positive	substance
movie	this bible app provides you with all translations of the bible for cross references as you study the word of god .	positive	remark
movie	not totally unlocked . g g does not work with the colombian phone companies . ony able to use it with edge techconlogy .	negative	boundary
movie	origins is a terrible platform but the game is great	negative	level
movie	did not live up to my expectations . i guess the word novelties should have been a giveaway .	negative	originality
movie	terrible . on u tube it looks easy . it has to be heated to a dangerous temperature . don't waste your money .	negative	conduit
movie	i thought u would be able to take care of your own horse it wasn't what i was looking for .	negative	equine
movie	not much to say about this product accept that its so far useless	negative	commodity
movie	there were no instructions with these , so i am not sure what i am looking for in the results window .	negative	manual
movie	i never received the robin cook book , or the break up dvd .	negative	publication
movie	this comforter does not even fit an average sized crib , very misleading	negative	statistic
movie	would not open after downloading . would just crash after clicking on it . not worth it , even if it is free .	negative	descend
movie	nice concept but the opening is to small , and my granddaughter gets frustrated trying to put things in the bag .	negative	grandchild
movie	turned my wrist black . not quality material .	negative	substance
movie	if i had to chose again i wouldn't but this . i actually fell asleep on this . bruce willis could be better	negative	decide
movie	this plastic ornament digs into my feet , i cannot walk at all , it hurts too much	negative	locomotion
movie	this shirt is okay but i found it way too baggy , even in a small size .	negative	garment
movie	these were very pretty but they don't hang right . the hearts face sideways instead of facing front . sent them back .	negative	side
movie	yes this book does really suckk do not get it	negative	publication
movie	different voices sound the same and are hardly understandable . there's no volume adjustment which would curtail the emitted loud sounds .	negative	quantity
movie	nothing happens for the first hour and mins . then a mishmash of scenes leading to a confused ending . disappointing .	negative	mixture
movie	unfortunately my kids broke this sharpener within a few days so i would have to rate it low on durability .	negative	life
movie	was missing some parts , it comes apart when hauling garbage cans to the street . i would not buy thisagain .	negative	thoroughfare
movie	game would not work kept shutting off	negative	activity
movie	i don't how this was but on my review list i didn't purchase it don't know athing about it .	negative	assessment
movie	mindless and repetitive . same countries over again unless you pay extra for the priviledge of a supposed free game .	negative	political_entity
movie	it is the worst book i have ever read . i am not expected to read any more riley weber books .	negative	publication
movie	these are not skullcandy . they're made from a different rubber that doesn't fit and stay like the real headphone rubbers	negative	latex
movie	wouldnt download at all ! couldnt play of it course although it was free . still hated it lol . . .	negative	instruction
movie	moves at a snail's pace . and one can only take so much of halle berry's overwrought facial expressions .	negative	rate
movie	extra small was too larger . never thought i would say that . i wished it would have fit me .	negative	desire
movie	try reading liberty and tyranny instead , a better book by far . this is very poorly written , not worth your time .	negative	instance
movie	kudos to the photographer ! . if only the product tasted as good as the photo looks ! . i'd never order again . a study in mediocrity !	negative	commodity
movie	just wanted to see how it compared to the original . at least it was better than the version on netflix .	negative	interpretation
movie	it took over a month to get it , then i had to put it outside because of the smoke smell	negative	period
movie	broke after months . the cable length was nice . wish it didn't break . find some other option instead of this .	negative	wire
movie	run and my daughter hit a snag orsomething and it popped . boy was shesad . too thin .	negative	male
movie	too small for adult head .	negative	external_body_part
movie	projection on the ceiling is so small you can barely see it , also won't focus and doesn't keep correct time .	negative	concentration
movie	the little mouse is the perfect size for my tablet . unfortunately it stopped working after only a week . very disappointed .	negative	rodent
movie	another app which nags for facebook and is overpriced . requires additional purchases to receive more puzzles . quickest uninstall so far .	negative	acquisition
movie	explains the relationship between johnny carson and henry bushkin . not much details about other friends and family of johnny carson .	negative	info
movie	thought this was a large print bible but was not , gave it to charity for someone else to use . thanks	negative	black_and_white
movie	the spine was separated from the pages . the paper was cheap and the art work fuzzy , but is still readable .	negative	material
movie	did not work at all .	negative	element
movie	cheap ! cheap ! cheap ! i had this put in to my infiniti i and months later it blew out	negative	period
movie	product is broke does not work properly	negative	commodity
movie	one leg split on it's first use , i had to wrap it in duct tape to get my kayak home .	negative	abode
movie	not good as other brand . worst decision that i have made for my mom's ipad . oh . no . i didn't like it !	negative	choice
movie	this was a gift for some one else and i haven't heard any feedback from the recipient .	negative	acquisition
movie	poor quality ill already throw away , got rusted after the first wash , try to get better vendors , i wish i could return bye	negative	merchant
movie	this album has no meaning and his lyrics are awful . if you are a rap fan , this will disappoint you !	negative	text
phone	this was a wonderfully heart wrenching recount of amanda's time . i really felt the rawness of emotion that amanda experienced .	positive	feeling
phone	nice itemgood control feelits on a spot dualie gatesnice only not much grip for my cygolite	positive	power
phone	they are amazing in their perfection representing a rose in such a tiny way .	positive	shrub
phone	i was very happy with the purchase . i love the game and i would order from them again .	positive	acquisition
phone	i have many simplehuman products all beautifully designed and well made . the brush head is replaceable for . . highly recommended .	positive	commodity
phone	this workout dvd is perfect for everyone because it has everything from low impact to high velocity exercises . thank you !	positive	exertion
phone	i liked this book . so far i have enjoyed all of her books and recommend this author all the time .	positive	instance
phone	excellent story line , great for book clubs . i highly recommend it . jodi picoult has done it again ! another page turner !	positive	folio
phone	great sd card , and great service from amazon , maybe they should be called amaz'ing instead ?	positive	paper
phone	these are perfect to add a little character to your garage door . all harware was included and easy to install .	positive	outbuilding
phone	the twists and turns of the story just get better and better .	positive	message
phone	i thought the effects were fantastic in this movie , but overall the film did not live up to its hype .	positive	show
phone	the best product on the market ! i have tried a few other products this is the best one to date !	positive	commodity
phone	love it ! natural a pleasing lemon scent . did not like the idea of spraying the aerosoles inhaling them .	positive	smell
phone	i wasn't sure i was going to like this but was pleasantly surprised looking for more by catherine ryan hyde !	positive	want
phone	is the best choice for shopping , or an excellent gift for any loved one will not disappoint anyone . i love	positive	purchasing
phone	exactly what it says . feet long and not even broken or anything . woooooooow ! it is well worth the price !	positive	value
phone	for a short story , i loved this . i do wish it was longer . i'd read more by this author . shaun	positive	message
phone	another disney triumph . a real family movie , plus the life and death struggle . you watch from beginning to end . enjoy !	positive	existence
phone	if you love old rem , you must own this and the remastered murmur . they are bot amazing .	positive	sound
phone	it is a little lighter than i expected but the quality is good . packaged well and easy to put together .	positive	attribute
phone	i ordered this and then ordered more and am considering ordering even more ! i love love love this product !	positive	commodity
phone	my daughter love it her skin is getting clear . this is a product i would recommend to others very pleased	positive	commodity
phone	these games are fun . i play alone , but it's more fun with other people of course .	positive	instruction
phone	one of the best product hands down on the market for my long colored dry hair , especially considering the price .	positive	commodity
phone	super soft and plush , no lint , easy to use and they wash well ! would will buy again when needed .	positive	fibre
phone	loved this movie ! i have watched it at least times since i received it .	positive	period
phone	husband grills out almost every weekend and this thermometer works well with chicken or ribs and he likes it .	positive	poultry
phone	the item is really big , i didn't think it was this big when i got it but it's really cute .	positive	component
phone	they're awesome ! i'm a size and they fit pretty good for a size . . i love them ! pretty cool	positive	magnitude
phone	it needed one more lift , but it works fine , the color is beautiful and it sits against the wall perfectly .	positive	divider
phone	this along with the other two books i purchased are a great asset to the church choir .	positive	chorus
phone	i ve received this philips norelco x hp sensotouch d electric razor , and it is a very good one ! it s made in usa !	positive	edge_tool
phone	this sticker rocks ! very good for making your car unique . people always know what the fox hound symbol means . mgs	positive	sign
phone	fun game ! wish the cards were a little thicker but a good product for this day and age disposable .	positive	commodity
phone	i read alot and i find that i am enjoying this authors books , she has a good story line	positive	message
phone	i especially liked that the packaging used less material than if you bought them at the store . less waste .	positive	substance
phone	as described . charges quickly . both plugs work well .	positive	attack
phone	they worked perfectly , i used them on a long planned vacation . i did not notice any difference from the original	positive	leisure
phone	please keep writting this series about their new life as a couple ! and more on the organisation please !	positive	existence
phone	familar with the issues , especially the hacking . well done but the use of concerted military pressure is not really likely .	positive	cut
phone	john unitas was the best qb of all time . he had an interesting life along with the football	positive	existence
phone	these are great quality , size and the color on the computer screen was accurate . linen color . would purchase more of these .	positive	cloth
phone	this collection is a must have for the mcdreamy fanatic . i loved the commercial free , uninterupted episodes .	positive	grouping
phone	these are very sexy boots ! a little higher heel than i've worn before but they fit great and look great !	positive	footwear
phone	i watch heroes over and over . i cant get enough of it . it was cean and had no scratches . thanx .	positive	timepiece
phone	guest performance by ramsey lewis on a fender rhodes piano , recorded live in says it all and then some .	positive	show
phone	it was farily interesting to me but it took me quite a while to read .	positive	see
phone	this show is amazing i love that amazon has it . this season is great and they stream in great quality	positive	attribute
phone	my photo albums holding old pictures look very handsome . a nice feature is the ability to add and remove pages .	positive	attribute
phone	please , mr . glass . stick to composing music , but don't write any more songs .	negative	solid
phone	this thing only last a week before it stop working , don't buy it . worst mistake ever , save yourself the trouble	negative	period
phone	fades really quickly and turns a bad pink color ! don't recommend it ! i would try to find a different brand	negative	name
phone	i love the color and its durable . i am mainly upset at the quality of the kindle i purchased . mad	negative	attribute
phone	would not recommend . very strange , not well written . did not enjoy book at all . dont wast your money or time .	negative	instance
phone	the item was open and not the right item inside . the original item was replaced with a maybelline liquid eyeliner	negative	fluid
phone	strange , but then again it is poe	negative	technology
phone	split apart on first use .	negative	activity
phone	hated it don't waste the money . poorly written . no follow through . you stop caring about the character rather quickly .	negative	medium_of_exchange
phone	not as described it's too small will not fit the vehicle at all , pontiac trans sport , . litre petrol	negative	fuel
phone	it's not stretchy material . it fits everywhere but it was a struggle to get my hips past the waist part	negative	substance
phone	no pictures . dull . i'm a visual person , and reading script is hard to translate into carrying it over to performance .	negative	being
phone	the protective film on the plate left a sticky residue and the white paint turned pink within the first week .	negative	color
phone	i reader the reviews dosen look good you should look at the reviews too they help alotdon't get it	negative	assessment
phone	the stories themselves were ok . though very burdened with words . too many and too complex for such a simple story .	negative	language
phone	useless , a total waste of money . the wasps laughed at it . did attract some flies however . so not totally useless .	negative	space
phone	i love xyletol in mints and game , but putting them in coffee doesn't taste so good ! has a bad aftertaste .	negative	beverage
phone	didn't fit any water bottles tried different major brands . couldn't use it and not worth it to send back .	negative	liquid
phone	this slide didn't last a season . it split at the seam and can't repair it . my grandchildren are very upset .	negative	progeny
phone	buy something else . this swim system is uncomfortable for children and slips too much no matter how you adjust it .	negative	juvenile
phone	gahhh ! this wasn't written by l . j . smith , it doesn't count don't buy it ! they fired hr and took her idea	negative	number
phone	cheap ! this is not what i wanted , hate the product . this looks nothing like the picture you show of it .	negative	commodity
phone	definitely waste money . after one day , this miserable sticker is downing from wall . do not purchase this product . it is just garbage .	negative	commodity
phone	simple installation device driver incompatible with windows xp . tech support not able to offer any solution . would not recommend purchasing	negative	purchase
phone	i go through these usb cigarette lighter adapters pretty fast . this one is no exception . it just doesn't last long .	negative	omission
phone	i ordered a tank top but this one is a sleeveless tshirt , ugh ! kept it .	negative	part
phone	we have a mini daschund and the stairs were too far apart for her short little legs . we returned it	negative	staircase
phone	they don't fit the frames because they are thinner then the original lenses and the appear to be very cheap .	negative	framework
phone	great product until it broke weeks in . i should have bought it at petsmart so i could return it .	negative	commodity
phone	you can only get so far before you have to pay to move forward in this game . so frustrating . dislike !	negative	activity
phone	doesn't work , is cheap and didn't sharpen at all . very disappointing and not worth even dealing with in our opinion .	negative	belief
phone	this broke as soon as i got it , it is junk , don't waste your money ! so not worth a penny !	negative	medium_of_exchange
phone	need instructions . not what l expected . very disappointed .	negative	manual
phone	cheap quality . i guess you get what you pay for with this . scissors fell apart right out of the box .	negative	container
phone	you need to buy traffic receiver , so it is false advertising saying it has traffic . boo !	negative	publicity
phone	the pot handle arrived broken , is a good product but the handle is broken at the end of the handle .	negative	commodity
phone	this book is awful . i downloaded a copy so glad i did not buy it and waste my hard earned money .	negative	publication
phone	the strips do not stay on at night . i followed the instructions to the letter . do not by this product .	negative	commodity
phone	i didn't get the one i wanted . it was not grey , and it was not what it's in the picture .	negative	representation
phone	it has awesome simulations in it and fun it has fun graphics i hope you enjoy it and have fun	negative	modelling
phone	a poorly written waste of time . this book started slowly and lost pace throughout . no plot , no action , no good .	negative	deed
phone	i loved it , thank you	negative	technology
phone	this just never worked . one piece would be too large , another too small . ended up not using it at all .	negative	portion
phone	you can get drivers for this for vista but they are frankly terrible everything comes out looking striped and grainy .	negative	operator
phone	i needed it , so i started wearing it . i hope will shrink when it is washed . wish me good luck .	negative	anticipation
phone	kudos to the photographer ! . if only the product tasted as good as the photo looks ! . i'd never order again . a study in mediocrity !	negative	commodity
phone	this case is loosing hairs very fast . i guess it isi just for display not everyday use . would not recommend	negative	demonstration
phone	too heavy for us to lift . haven't been to get it to the truck to use it . bought carrier instead .	negative	traveller
phone	i found this to be the worst pillow i have ever owned . it is hard and also gets very hot .	negative	cushion
phone	this hat is nice and warm , but the color was nothing like the picture . i kept it , but am disappointed .	negative	headgear
